5	A Las Vegas classic, great steaks, a nice rendition of the Manhattan original.
5	Love going to Delmonico's almost everytime I go to Las Vegas. Great steaks, wine, and food in general. Best steak in Las Vegas!
5	one of the best steaks i've ever had.  amazing waiter, attended to us as if the rest of the restaurant wasn't packed.  having cellars bursting with superb and undrunk wine, my buddies and i BYOBed, and the waiter joined in.
5	Oh.  My.  Lord.  Best steak I've ever had, super tender and tasty even though relatively unadorned.  I thought Mesa Grill was good (and it is) but this hunk of cow takes the cake.  The ambiance is nice although the decor is a bit spartan, the wine list is far more than my gin-drinking brain could ever comprehend, and to top it all off the service was on another level:  There were like three dudes running around bringing us stuff and clearing plates all night.  And you wanna know about attention to detail?  The one thing Vegas has heretofore *never* gotten right was the after-dinner espresso.  Never hot enough, or no head of crema, or just awful tasting.  But Delmonico's brew was not only good tasting, but they actually warmed up the cup!  (The coffee snobs among you will know what I'm on about here.)
5	Incredible steak.  Delicious.
5	My client took me here after the MAGIC Show and it was phenomenal! The steak danced in my mouth. Well not really but you get the picture. The salads and sides (asparagus, potatoes) were excellent. They also have a fine wine selection. This place takes steak on another level! Highly recommended!
5	Great food and service! Had  a really good time here.
4	Don't get me wrong by the lack of a fifth star, I really, really loved dining at Delmonico's.  I thought the service was extremely attentive (truly some of the best service I have had) and food was great.  I would definitely return and I am sure we would have another wonderful dining experience.  However, I have had better steaks so I cannot rank this as the best of the best.  On the other hand, this is one of the best restaurants I have been to in Vegas and would definitely give it two thumbs up and recommend it to those staying at the Venetian.
4	Great service, nice food....  I am a sucker for foies gras and bone in ribeye steak.  Everyone was pleased with how their meat was cooked (that doesn't sound right) but I think the highlight was the bread pudding.  It was amazing.  Frankly, I was impressed with the quality of the food an overall experience.  It also wasn't a grip like Lawry's normally is.  Definitely would consider going back.
4	I'm not a chaser of celebrity chefs...and wasn't excited to hit up Emerils joint in V-town. But I have to say. I was diggin' this place. The atmosphere is pretty chill and classy. It made me want to sip cognac and smoke a cigar ( and I don't like either of those). This place definitely exudes a mid-western meets Palm Springs sort of vibe. You know... big comfy, light taupe leather chairs, with hearty dark wood tables and high nicely lit ceilings. My food was good. The Foie Gras was amazing, the endive  salad was nice but not out of this world and the lamb special was good too. With very hearty servings of meat I couldn't finish my lamb, though if it were outrageously good I probably would have. And yes if offered to me, I sampled the dishes from around the table). Of note: the bone-in rib eye was very nice and the fondue was ridiculously good. I passed on the fish. (Come on Craig - who orders fish at a steakhouse?) Between the foie gras, fondue and lamb, it's amazing I walked out on my own. Never fear... red wine was there to save my ateries. (Whew! )We passed on dessert. So no report there.We sat a few tables away from D. Rodman. It's amazing how grown men in their 50's will say shout out stupid stuff like: "Yo D.R.? Can I get a Whoop Whoop?" when they're in the presence of an ex pro athlete. Funny stuff.
4	My buddy booked this place for my bachelor party dinner. We had a group of 10 but the restaurant can only seat parties of 9 at most together at one table.  Since we had 10, they had to put us on two separate tables, which was ok, because they were right next to each other anyway.Decor:  nothing spectacular.  i thought it was alittle too dim for me.  I like a well lit restaurant for the purpose of really getting to see the different colors of your food and wine.  You can tell a lot about your food by it's color...it's freshness, it's doneness, etc.Food:  Very good.  I had the filet and it was super tender.  My buddies ordered the bone in rib-eye and almost all said it was amongst the best steaks they ever had.  Everything is a la carte so we shared sides of grilled asparagus (good), garlic smashed potatoes (yummy), sauteed wild mushrooms (yummy), and caesar salad (good).Service:  Very good also.  Our waiter was very polite even when our rowdy half drunk group couldn't decide on what to order.  He was very helpful with the wine and picked out a nice bottle of merlot that worked with our budget.  Server's were very fast and attentive.  They made sure everything was perfect...which pretty much was.Price:  Pretty fair and expected of a high end steak house.  bone in 20 oz. rib-eye was about $50 and my 12 oz. filet was around $45.  Sides were around $8-12, and one order feeds 2 people.  Yes, they have an extensive wine list and Yes, they have seafood also.One last important note:  there isn't a smoking/non-smoking section, so people with kids, and non-smokers beware.
5	A really great steak house. I've been told they have other things on the menu but I can never pull myself away from their steaks. If you love a good steak (I've heard the other food is very good too) then this is THE place in Vegas. The atmosphere is classy but relaxed. You can feel comfortable in jeans. It's pricey - it's Vegas. The service is very good to excellent. I wouldn't recommend this place for small children. And who cares about parking? It's Vegas, baby!
5	Based on prior reviews, we tried the Chateaubriand cooked tableside for two. We were definitely not disappointed and the meat melted in my mouth. But the best part of this place is the impeccable service. Several different people attended to us throughout the night and topped it all off with a complimentary dessert to celebrate our honeymoon!
5	This place was really great.  There was no wait when my girlfriend and i went here, we have reservations anyway.  We never really had to wait long for anything because we had 3 waiters helping us.  They had really good bread to start off with and they made the best tasting whisky sour i've ever had from their bar.  I got the new york strip steak and it filled me up and tasted great.  it was a very quiet place too, most of the people there were older and drinking wine.  i'd go back if i ran into a lot of money, but i'm content with $12 steak.
4	So Mr Food Network himself Emeril has his own steak house. One thing I know - is my steaks. Mmmmm Dry aged bone in rib eye....here just waiting to enter my watering mouth and be consumed by my emotional grinding of my mandibles.How can I forget - Truffle oil potato chips.  Popping my truffle oil cherry....YumOk I've never had fancy schmancy gumbo. But here it was very pleasant and chic. I mean come on - GUMBO - I WANT PIECES OF MEAT AND SEAFOOD AND OKRA.....Bone in RIB EYE - no more done than medium rare. Doesn't need any extra spices or sauces give me my meat plain. If I wanted it coated with jism. Well I can do it myself :)Steamed or grilled asparagus with hollandaise...MmmmmI ate a lot...So I didn't have dessert like everyone else did. If I could I would have sucked on the bones. But that would have been a culinary faux paus. Bad Myke No sucking.....So How do they make the thick steak so dark and perfectly medium rare? Hmm...It's gotta be Keebler Elves performing magic.The service is impeccable. I went to the bathroom and put my napkin on my chair - just to find it folded neatly on my table.  Can we say Fancy Feast?
4	I have to say, as much beef as is eaten in Vegas I am surprised cows aren't extinct yet...there are steakhouses everywhere of varying quality. I really dug this one. The bone-in ribeye was just about the best steak I have had in this town, the waiter's wine recommendation was spot-on, and the service was impeccable. One thing I noticed, and this separates the good from the great. No service person approached us when we were chewing. That's the worst, being asked a question when your mouth is full. I'd think it was a coincidence, but I saw the manager walking toward us just as I took a bite, and he obviously diverted to another table...a minute later he stopped by and asked us how everything was. That's cool.
3	I will admit as I write this review that I am not the target clientele for Delmonico's. I don't eat red meat and Delmonico's is a steakhouse. I went with a group for a friend's birthday, but wasn't concerned about finding food because I've never been to a steakhouse that doesn't have at least one fantastic chicken or fish option. Umm...I found that place. The only non-red meat option on the menu was a bacon-wrapped halibut and I don't eat pork either (I know, I'm annoying). I asked if I could have the halibut without bacon and they told me they would have to unwrap it, but sure. Which meant my ridiculously expensive dinner consisted of a dry rock which might have once been halibut that tasted strongly of bacon. Now, I know it was a steakhouse and I shouldn't hold it against them that they aren't prepared to deal with a semi-vegetarian, but they should at least be prepared to make halibut that doesn't have the consistency of a rock. And I also wasn't impressed with the service. They got down the whole 8 waiters at a time delivering everybody's food thing, but our waiter wasn't particularly knowledgeable about the wine or the menu, except to push "Emeril's specialties." And seeing as how Emeril isn't actually back there, I don't really care what are his specialities. The decor does make the most of an underground space, but the lack of windows made me genuinely claustrophobic by the end of the night. Overall, I was really dissapointed. I'd give it one star, but I don't think that's fair because, again, I'm not their target audience. But that doesn't mean I'm not paying as much as everybody else!
3	Delmonico's is one of those few luxurious establishments in which can be hit or miss. On some nights I've received some of the finest steak I've ever had with some decent service to go along with it. Often times, I feel like I deal with waitresses / hostesses who seem to act as if their menu is one of the greatest things about Vegas, which they are sadly mistaken. I've noticed their wine list is impeccable and their decor is really what makes this place scream "fine dining." But sadly because of subpar service and outrageous prices ($51 for filet mignon, 8 oz), its simply fine dining that isn't so fine.
4	So, I've always thought Emeril was a lot of talk and no action, but I was wrong to judge without experiencing Emeril's cooking. On our first night in Vegas, we made last-minute reservations for 9:30.   The restaurant is in kind of a weird place.  It's literally in the corner of the basement.  Granted, there are restaurants next to it, it still felt like it was at the edge of the earth.   Inside is relaxed.  It's dimly lit and the ceilings are low (again, more basement feel), but overall, it's very nice.We were starved, so we went right to the entrees, but they were delicious.  My boyfriend, the meat-eater in the group, had the filet, which he claims is the best cut of filet he has ever had.  He says it was cooked to perfection and it was absolutely perfect.  And, he's had quite a few steaks.  I had bacon-wrapped sea bass with pesto, roasted tomatoes, and some potato goodness, that I can't remember.  I mean, in all honesty, I wasn't expecting to be impressed, so I didn't pay much attention to the intricacies of the dish.  But, it was amazing.  The fish was cooked perfectly, the flavors were a perfect compliment to each other.  It was perfect.  And, for dessert, we shared the banana cream pie, which I knew was legendary, and quite frankly, it was the only thing that disappointed me.  It was good, but I think I expected more.  Regardless...this was a great meal, and well worth every penny.5 stars for food, minus one for weird location and ambiance.
5	So, after several years of not eating at an restaurant of Mr. Lagasse, I finally made it to Delmonico's.  Why might you ask?  Well for one reason - the bone in aged rib-eye steak.This was the third Emeril restaurant that I've eaten at.  I used to live in New Orleans and ate at his first restaurant, Emeril's, and his casual outpost, NOLA, several times.  The food was good at times, not so great at other times, but the one thing that was constant was the excellent service.  Delmonico's continues that tradition.  The service is excellent.  At times, it's a little too friendly, but attentive and not overbearing.  Food came out at a very good pace, allowing for long conversations without interruption.  And the decor is so understated and clean.  It really is a nice change from all of the typical Vegas restaurants with loud lighting and faux-glam decor.Because my girlfriend was so eager to try Emeril's food (she's a big fan), we started off with some classics - barbecued shrimp (New Orleans style) and shrimp cocktail with remoulade sauce.  The lunch menu usually has shrimp remoulade over fried green tomatoes.  However, it wasn't on the menu and I really wanted my girlfriend to try it.  The waiter was nice enough to accommodate my request, learned they had some prepared and served it with the shrimp cocktail.  To drink, she ordered a glass of Loosen Bros.  "Dr. L Estate" Riesling and I ordered a glass of Laurent Perrier NV Champagne. The Riesling was recommended by the Asst. Sommelier.  The waiter initially recommended an Australian white blend.  But to me, it didn't seem like the best match with the barbecued shrimp because it lacked the acidity to cut the richness of the dish.  When I commented to the Sommelier that I thought the Australian white had Viognier in it, he said it definitely did.  As we talked more, he said the Riesling was a "perfect match" for the barbecued shrimp.  You know what?  It was.  My girlfriend wolfed down half of the barbecued shrimp, taking a sip of the Riesling with each bite.  She even raved - it was a perfect match.  And she also loved the remoulade.  The barbecued shrimp were cooked well, I noticed one of the shrimp I had was a little tough, but the remaining shrimp were plump and juicy.  The shrimp cocktail was great.  Cold, large shrimp, moist, juicy and firm.  They were perfect with the remoulade sauce.From there, we split the bone-in rib eye which was cooked ABSOFRIGGINLUTELY PERFECTLY MED-RARE TO MED.  It wasn't charred, but had that crunch of a good high-temp seared steak.  The twice baked potato with bacon and cheese was sinfully great.  The asparagus was sauteed with garlic and shallots, cooked perfectly through with still a slight crunch.  We shared a half bottle of 2003 Pine Ridge Crimson Creek Merlot which was a good match for the steak.  It had good balance, acidity, but enough soft fruit to please my girlfriend, who doesn't like tannic wines.Dessert was banana cream pie for her, pecan pie for me.  Both were excellent.  The banana cream pie wasn't as sweet as expected, which made it even more easy to eat.  She ordered an espresso martini made with espresso (not the flavored vodka), I ordered a glass of 2003 Carmes de Rieussec Sauternes and finished with a cup of chicory coffee to finish.Was it inexpensive? Of course not.  It was quite expensive.  But for the excellent quality of food (far, far, far better than Gallagher's and probably the second best only to Bouchon of the restaurants I've eaten at in Vegas) and the best service I've had in Vegas (yes, better than Bouchon), it was worth it.  Why 5 stars?  Because everything went right.  Was the service perfect? Almost.  Was the food perfect?  Almost.  Were the drinks perfect?  Almost.  Adding that all together with the right person I wanted to share the evening with, it was perfect.  (Although I didn't ever finish my French Laundry review, that place IS nearly perfect with whoever you go with.  It is still to this day, the best eating experience I have ever had and I've had the fortune of going there 3 times now.)Now if I could only remember the name of the Asst. Sommelier, I would give him a shout out here.  I am once again a fan of Emeril.  But please, no "BAM."
5	Everything was delicious, and the service was exceptional! There were 3 waiters serving us all of whom were very nice. The food was exceptional we had the following items: BBQ Shrimp appetizer, Caesar Salad - prepared at your table, Seared Tenderloin & Sea Scallops with Bacon Potato, Toasted Walnuts and Blue Cheese and aged Beef Tenderloin. I like the ambiance of the place, classy but not stuffy.
2	Date: July 8, 2005Location: The Venetian Resort Hotel & Casino, Las VegasCorkage: $25/bottleCost: $450 - party of four (including tax, tip & corkage)Reservation: 702.414.3737Website: www.emerils.comTo my surprise, got a last minute reservation through opentable.com just a couple of days before the trip to Vegas. So instead of Fleming's, Capital Grille, or BOA, the three other places I had thought about to kick off my friend's bachelor party weekend, this is where we end up for dinner on the Friday night.The four of us arrived about 15 minutes early and were promptly seated, busy but not completely packed.The service was above average, but not warm, mechanical is the best word to describe. I asked for the three bottles of wine I brought to be decanted, which was no problem at all. No Riedels, but nice enough stemware to pass.We ordered an antipasto for the table to get started. I had the Classic Steak Tartare as the appetizer and had the dry-aged Bone In Rib Steak as the entree.The Classic Steak Tartare is the best presentation of such I've seen. Tartare in the center with individual garnishes fanned out, completed with baguette toast points. Flavor was good, but missing the bam element I expected.The Rib Steak I ordered was suppose to be medium-rare, but was closer to a medium, which was fine by me, as I tend to like it somewhere in between the two. Word of caution here, all four steaks we had at our table, the temperature were missed by close to one notch, rare = medium rare, medium-rare = medium...etc.Good piece of raw material, but the kitchen failed to make it stand-out. Again, seasoning was lacking, salt and pepper can definitely be used more liberally.Ordered three desserts to pass around the table to finish the dinner, nothing interesting here to write home about.The total including tax, tip and corkage came out to be $450 for the four of us, not a bad price tag especially considering we are in Vegas.With this outing, I think I am completely done with top name destination Vegas restaurants. Aureole, Bradley Ogden, Picasso and now this, none has given me a desire to visit for a second time.
3	my bf and i were totally looking forward to dining at delmonico.  i like fancy dining, he likes meat, put it together and we usually go to a steakhouse.  however, i did look at the menu beforehand, and noticed there were no crab cakes.  i always have crab cakes before a filet!  so that's probably where the problem started.  i made a reservation a couple months in advance on open table, but even then i could only get a 5:30 rez.  i'm not sure of the entire layout, but it seemed like we were seated in a more private room, which was nice.  the areas we passed through were super loud (staff and wedding party of 20).  gorgeous giant leather seats.  we started off with the "creole boiled gulf shrimp cocktail with tomato horseradish sauce and homemade crackers".  there was definitely some BAM in the sauce.  very peppery and lingers.  the crackers were just as spicy, but why are crackers served anyway?  the shrimp itself didn't taste like it was prepared in any special way.  bf had a bone in strip.  i order one of the specials, kobe sirlon.  i'm sorry this had to be my first experience with kobe.  it was TERRIBLE.  pretty on the plate, thinly sliced, with sinewy strands running all through it.  i was mortified with all the chewing.  i partially blame myself.  i knew i should have stuck with my standard filet medium rare.  sigh.  and now i will probably never go back to delmonico.  the sides consisted of overly buttery country smashed potatoes and tiny fried bay scallops (tasted past its prime to me).  we also ordered an additional side of asparagus, also too buttery.  emeril's banana cream pie was good though.  intricately placed bananas seemed to float between layers of banana cheesecake.  the service is decent, but a bit impersonal.  we made a huge stain on the white tablecloth with a piece of dropped meat, and i expected the server to make a joke at least.  total damage, including tip, no drinks, was $195.
3	For me to give this place 3 stars takes complete honesty from me and also shows my disappointment.  I wanted so much to love this place, to crown it, (it wasn't what I thought it was!), to walk out wholly satisfied in the knowledge that I will not have a better steak.  Dining here was supposed to be one of the cornerstones of this Vegas trip, "remember the time we ate at Delmonico's..." type thing.  The 3 stars is my confession to myself, this place was not worth the price.I'm no lover of Cajun food, or spices or anything, and the only thing I know about Emeril is he says "BAM!" a lot and the character Elzar on Futurama is a direct parody of him.  I've got no urge to try any more of his food though.  We ate here the evening of the Final Four, had an early reservation and was seated promptly in a fairly quiet room.  Good corner location where we could look out at everything around us but not have people walk by us.  The decor was not of any note... We started with the cocktail shrimp with crackers... very odd.  I've been eating a lot of shrimp lately, and there was nothing special about these.  The sauce was a bit spicier than others, so decent.  I pushed my girlfriend to try the kobe...  while I stuck with my old standby of NY.  The bread was nothing special as well.My sides were pretty average... I enjoyed my girlfriend's fried scallops though.  The vegetables and potatoes are just complements to the meal though.  The kobe steak came all sliced up and ready to go... It wasn't the mind blowing experience with kobe that I hoped it would be.  I could see the disappointment on my gf's face as she chewed on it.  On the plus side, the kobe sirloin meal came with the sides so thats a few bucks saved.  And sadly, thats the plus side of it.  My steak was of a fairly average size, maybe an inch thick, bone-in and perhaps 16 ounces.  I ordered it medium... which the waiter confirmed would be pink throughout.  I waver between medium-rare and medium.. usually if a steak is bone-in I go medium.  Unfortunately, my steak was overcooked.  It got to that bastard style known as medium-well.  I kept hoping as I got closer to the bone it would pinken up, but no such luck.  I ate it happily as it was still a good steak, but I just couldn't shake the disappointment.  The seasoning used on it was decent and had some spice to it but no charm to it.  Part way through my meal I attempted to knife-lift a portion for the gf to try, and wound up dropping it on the table cloth leaving a huge outline of meat.  We laughed about it and both expected our waiter to say something, anything about it as he brushed it with the crumb brush.  Sigh, no such warmth here.  Service was efficient and not quite friendly.  I guess high end steakhouses cater to clients that would rather not have their imperfections pointed out.  One look at me would suggest I'm not the typical client, but no joke came from either our waiter or the assistant waiter.  After we perused the desert menu, I settled on the banana cream pie.  This was the best banana cream pie I've ever had.  It was beautifully presented, had fresh bananas, and was not too sweet.  This was the favorite part of the meal for me.  I doubt I'll ever have a better banana cream pite,  but I'll keep looking.All in all, a decent meal but not worth the price.  Meal was ~$200 for 2, no drinks, nothing particularly noteworthy.  I doubt I'll ever go back on my own wallet.
4	Outstanding service, an intimidating large wine list and great steaks.
3	The food was very good here. Very-overpriced and the ambience left a little to be desired. We were seated and served promptly and professionally at this restaurant. However, there was a screaming child immediately next to us. This child was so loud the other diners gasped in disbelief. The maitre 'd did not offer any apologies other than to say "we are serving them quickly so they will leave".  He did not seem overly concerned with our satisfaction.The food was good but not worth the expense. There are many other restaurants in Las Vegas. This one was not worth it. We're not going back.
4	I really wasn't aware that this restaurant is Emeril's place until I looked it up on msn.com.  In any case, I was dying to taste ribeye in every restaurant and since this place was highly touted as being one of the best in Vegas, I had to go here.So surprise, surprise, I ordered the rib-eye.  My wife ordered the filet mignon.  My impression before we received our dishes was that this was an upscale place so we were expecting meats on the level of Ruth's Chris Steakhouse.  I was slightly disappointed in that their rib-eye, although good, I felt was only slightly better than a Black Angus steak.  I've had a much better tasting rib-eye from Smitty's in Pasadena.  The filet was nice and tender so that was the bright spot during our dinner date.  We also ordered a couple of glasses of cab and so it complemented our steaks very well.The service was, as you would come to expect, excellent.  If it wasn't for the rib-eye, which was lacking some flavor, I would've given it a 5-star rating.
3	I really don't get why so many people think this place is that great.  If you remove the Emeril-factor, It seems like a place in the midwest where guys go w/ thier buddies after a day on the course.   Servers really know how to push the signature dishes.
4	Las Vegas has steak houses everywhere you look.  Delmonico Steakhouse is one of the better ones.  I ate dinner at the bar, where a full menu is available.  Overall the meal was very good:  very good foie gras; an excellent bone-in rib eye steak with three sauces (barnaise, A-OK [like a fancy version of A-1], and a third sauce that I liked but can't remember anything about); bananas Foster ice cream pie that was good but not to die for.  A number of wines are available by the glass.
4	I have been to many steak places in Vegas and had always wanted to go, but it can be hard to get a reservation. This time we planned way in advance so we could eat at a reasonable time. The food: The food was reasonable but slightly over priced. The steak that I had was good and cooked to how I ordered it, but for $52.00, it could have been better. Since it was served a la carte, I ordered a baked potato, $8.00.  I would suggest the pecan pie for dessert, best I have ever had.The service: Some of the best service I have every see before. Everything was excellent from the moment our server arrived at our table to the moment we left. Very professional but not to stuffy. All of his suggestions were right on.I am not sure I would go again, since there are so many places to choose from, but I would suggest it to my friends.
4	This place is a solid four star restaurant.  The decor was modern and minimalist.  Our server helpful and attentive.  The food was great.  We started off with Emeril's cajun BBQ shrimp.  They were just enough to hold us over, a little overcooked, but seasoned to perfection.  My girlfriend had a fillet of halibut over a sweet potato risotto and I had the 22 oz bone in steak rib eye.  I had a taste of the sweet potato risotto, and I thought it was delicately sweet with an interesting flavor.  The halibut  was, well, halibut.  My steak, on the other hand, was a real treat.  The bone does weigh the steak down a bit, but it was still thick and juicy.  It also came with three dipping sauces, which were tasty, but also masked the flavor of the beef.  I'd say use them sparingly.  Another complaint about the actual bone was that it kept the steak from being cooked evenly, one side was noticeably bloodier than the other.  In all, our dinner came out to about $150.  I think for a hearty meal with clean presentation accompanied by wine, not a bad deal, but not a home run either.
3	3 stars for the wine list.   2 for the steak.  I've gotta say that the service and ambiance was astounding given they let me bring my 3 foot tall yard full of long island ice tea, from the flamingo no less, to the table.  Greater than that? the wait staff were kind enough to fill it up with ice for me as I left it sitting there, as our center piece.  The wine list was insane.  It must have been 50 pages.  In the end we ended up going with something simple because we were already pretty hammered from our fun in the sun.  The appetizers were decent from what I remember, but the anti-pasto salad looked like cold cuts from my mom's fridge.  It just wasn't presented well for the type of clout this place assumes.  So here I am, dining Euro style waiting 2 hours for the steak to finally arrive, chewing on my day old bologna and it finally arrives......and it sucks!  I got the bone in rib-eye, one of my favorite cuts, and it was "toasted" excessively and really lacked any distinguishable flavor!  I couldn't believe that i was paying this kind of money for a steak I was making in my BBQ baby years.  And you know how sometimes things taste so, so good when you're trashed?  I couldn't imagine my feelings had I been sober.  But I'm not so sure it was all bad - my friends had some pretty good Filet, and the soup was good from what I understand.  It's just not going to be MY first choice for a favorite dining spot in Vegas.  Like I said though, the wait staff was great, the wine list amazing, and the silverware clean.  Emeril - try again... and for you readers - try The Mesa Grill instead...
5	One of the most all-time memorable dining experiences I've ever had.  Though I am vegetarian now, my mouth *STILL* waters at the thought of the filet mignon I had at Delmonico's.  It was simply unrivaled by any other steak I've ever had and probably any other steak I ever will have.  I sincerely doubt that in my life I will ever -- EVER -- have a better steak.  It was perfectly cooked, and coated with the perfect amount of pepper and spices on all sides.  Secondly, but certainly not any less impressive, was the ceasar salad.  As somebody who orders ceasar salad everywhere she goes, I would venture to say that this was in the top three I've ever had -- I could probably even safely say it was the best.  Served with whole leaves, which I love, and the dressing was made at our table, right in front of our eyes.Cannot be beat.
3	We started out with a cheese and prime rib fondue with pretzels which was outstanding.  The portion seemed small, but was very filling for an appetizer.  I ordered the NY Strip and ordered the potato cakes with onions as a side.  The steak was nicely cooked but really lacked flavor.  The best part of the meal was the potato cakes with onions.  I honestly was hoping for a little more BAM.Dessert was a disappointment for me.  I ordered the chocolate cake and it was more like a fudge.  I only ate a few bites.  My wife loved her dessert, I just can't remember what she got!  Service was ok... but seeing the service other people got made us realize it was probably just our waitstaff that was lacking.  Other tables actually heard the specials and their waiter made suggestions.  They received sauces with their steaks, we did not.  When I asked our waiter for a dessert recommendation, he basically read the menu.
5	Food: Definitely one of the best steakhouses I have ever been to....you're getting quality good meat and service here.  I tried the filet mignon which was delicious and tasty. I also tried a side of potatoes and string beans which was also great. Also the soup of the day: black bean and roasted pork was to die for!Tasted just like homemade chili!Also the trio of homemade ice cream was wonderful.Service: Service here is outstanding. The waiters are very prompt and professional.Location: Located in the VenetianAtmosphere: Loved it, very relaxing and intimate.Price: Expensive, but not too bad considering the quality and quantity of food.
4	Great restaurant in the tradition of great steakhouses.  Loved the understated decor.  Food was excellent, staff great.  Another definite must in Vegas - it's getting harder and harder to figure out where to go with so many great choices.  Expensive - of course.
5	My boss reccomended Delmonico's to me in a SERIOUS way, so when I had a chance to go to Vegas with some big foodies, I immediately suggested we try it out. We made reservations for 10:00pm on the Friday we were all scheduled to arrive. We were all coming seperately from different airlines and different cities and planned to meet at the airport and head out. I. WAS. PUMPED. Super damn excited. And then my flight was delayed. I hate Southwest-- this is what happens when you try to be cheap but still end up paying $250 to fly for half an hour from LA to Vegas. My flight was delayed and delayed and I started to really worry. I worried in the terminal while I nervously sipped my venti coffee. (I swear I had ordered a tall?) I worried for the TWO HOURS I spent sitting on the plane on the runway, trying with much difficulty to bury my face in Harry Potter 7 while I sat next to a really annoying and "overly affectionate" couple. (Seriously... DON'T DO THAT. WTF!? Have you no decency!?! Where the fuck is your mother!??!)I landed at 10:00, booked it to the cab line, sprinted through the Venetian in heels, and, sweaty, restless, tired, and uncomfortable with my carry-on bag, met my friends at the bar in Delmonico's at 10:20. My entire excursion from my house in Los Angeles to the restaurant in Vegas took 4 hours. I'm pretty sure I could have driven. I wanted to die.Was it worth it?YES IT WAS.Grey Goose and tonic: strong enough to keep me from death type of worth it.Beer and cheese fondue with pretzel bread: salty-cheesy goodness type of worth it.Oysters Rockefeller: I don't even like oysters and it was worth it.Truffle parmesan potato chips: the light, crispy, addicting type of worth it.Salad with fresh fried mozzarella: I want to eat this cheese until I gain 400 pounds and have to be air-lifted out of my house type of worth it.Dry Grilled Aged Sirlion a la Oscar with Blue Crab: I was so full at this point I could only eat two bites of this and it was STILL worth it.Three different attentive waiters: I get a little chill when waiters murmur "Pardon my reach" under their breath like it's a secret type of worth it.The menu looked expensive (around $50 for entrees) but our table, for 4 people with a half bottle of wine, cocktails, entrees for each, soups/slads, and appetizers came out to around $400. It was pretty reasonable for the volume and quality of food we ate, but, really now, $400 is spendy. I won a little bit of money over the weekend, so now I can afford to go back. And I will be back!
5	I blame my father for my inordinate love of all things gourmet. Thankfully, I appreciate a good burrito as much as I appreciate a good steak, but I will definitely seize every opportunity to dine in style as much as I can.Thanks to a family trip to Vegas, I got to eat at Emeril's, once more partaking our family's favorite pasttime: eating. We had eaten at the original location in New Orleans when I lived there, and it was one of my top 5 dining experiences of all time. This one definitely tied that experience.As other people have said, if you're not going to eat steak in some form when you come here, you're wasting your time. The steak is truly a peak experience for meat lovers. We all ate our  steaks in silence, save for the "OMG!" and "MMMM!" and "wow.wow.wow."  They all had the filet mignon, and I had the bone-in dry aged ribeye: the best steak I have ever eaten in my life. It came on a bed of perfectly creamy garlic mashed potatoes and foie gras butter just melting into it. Have you ever had lightly tempura battered asparagus? It's worth coming here just to try them. Even the sides- delicious spinach he made without cream that was STILL good (shocking, I know), and broccoli cooked to perfection...we all kept remarking how absolutely everything was just perfect.The other thing that distinguishes restaurants like this is the service.  Places like this are in a whole other league- waiters who seem to read your mind, appearing and disappearing before you even realized you needed something - never interrupting conversation, never hovering, always classy and helpful. Our waiter chose the perfect wine for us with with the vague descriptions of what we were looking for, and it truly was the best complement to our meals ever. The design of the room is also a refreshing breath of fresh air from all the gaudy glitz and obnoxious 'bigness' of Vegas; simple, clean lines and understated elegance and chairs that make it seem like your table is totally self-contained and isolated from the other tables. Great to have that feeling of privacy.We lingered for hours just basking in the glow of such perfection and decadence.
4	Why you ask is a vegan giving a steakhouse 4 stars? Actually, why is a vegan even going to a steakhouse at all? Because she's probably adopted and the preferred twin was given the luxury of choosing the restaurant for the night. Sometimes I dream of the green parents that celebrated every monumental event at Cafe Gratitude and unfortunately had to leave me behind. In Concord. Either way-my family is screwed up.Back to Delmonico's, this is actually my second visit, first time was in 2000. Even then they accommodated my needs. Now they actually have a vegetarian option but alas, no vegan dish. No problem-when you've so obviously been dragged along to a place with a bunch of meat eaters, people sometimes take pity on you. It's kind of fun to tell people what you absolutely will not tolerate and see what they give you. Dating should be more like this but that's another review. I was served pasta with different veggies like asparagus and green beans. Not amazing but not bad. An A for effort.I should probably mention the dead animals that Delmonico's specializes in. Yes-they're dead. But my family loved what they ordered and sucked the bones dry.Excellent service and the bartender made a tasty kir royal.
4	I ate here way before I actually knew what fine dining was and when I would laugh over getting two tiny crab cakes for $12. In retrospect, it's a delicious gourmet establishment with a small menu that features a lot of variety - which I find to be extremely rare. The service was excellent and the staff was patient with us asking questions about the food. The environment was very relaxed and there was plenty of space between each table so you felt like you had a bubble around your table. They don't allow flip flops! but they didnt say anything to me...its just on the bottom of their business card :)
4	I went in with high expectations.  The service was what I had expected, they were very attentive and were on top of our needs throughout our meal.  Our waiters were great!  We sat down, water was brought over very quickly, as did the little "wonton" topped with kalamata olives and proscuitto thing.  I wasn't very impressed by it, I guzzled my water.  By the time I looked up again, my water had been refilled.  WOW!  The waiter brought our bread and explained the menu.  Then she let us be to ponder upon her words.  I chose the scallops with creamed corn sauce.  They scallops were cooked perfectly and the corn chower had lobster in it!  It was 7 minutes in HEAVEN!  The mister and I both opted for steak.  He has the filet mignon and I had the bone-in NY strip.  We decided to share a twice baked potato with cheese and bacon.  His filet was just a filet.  My NY was HUGE!  If I had known it was going to be so large, I would have gotten a filet too.  I was only able to eat half of mine and was not able to have any potato.  The mister finished his steak and all the potato plus his bread which I didn't touch.  The steaks were cooked med-rare perfectly and seasoned.  I could have done without any seasoning on it but hey, that's how they came.  It wasn't ovewhemling in spices but enough that I didn't need any sauces besides the delicious butter just melting so erotically on the plate.  I was stuffed full of steak but I needed to satiate my sweet tooth.  We shared a pecan pie which came with a mound of ice cream.  The crust was absolutely fantastic and the pecans were not burnt.  We had no wine because we were just too dehydrated from the heat, water was all we needed.  I think the mister was slightly disappointed that his filet mignon wasn't as tender as the kobe steaks he is used to.  OH WELL!  I enjoyed my steak and I enjoyed being tended to like a princess.  I had a great night, it would have been better if the darn tables weren't' so close together.  I would have given it 5 stars, I just didn't like being able to hear what the people next to me were whispering about.  The prices were fairly reasonable for Vegas, we've spent double at Yamashiro's and Redondo Beach pier, plenty of times.Don't let the dress code fool you too much.  There were so many people in there wearing jeans and shorts, I felt a bit over dressed in a cocktail dress and he was wearing a dress shirt and slacks.  The restaurant looked semi-formal, the people there were looking mighty touristy so the ambiance was slightly off.
3	Hmm.  I can't put my finger on why, but I just wasn't blown away by Delmonico.  The food and service were both certainly good, but....I don't know....something was lacking.  It may have been the atmosphere.  Everything seemed very bland and sort of old - for instance, the leather dining chairs all had cracks and chips in them, which isn't what I expect from a place of this caliber.  I guess it just wasn't a very special experience.
5	Worth every penny, just for the mashed potatoes alone.  That said, the steak is, of course, fantastic.
3	We were at DelMonico's last year to celebrate my boyfriend's sister's 21st birthday. That meant there were A LOT of us! The atmosphere was awesome, but then again, every restaurant in Vegas has some degree of nice ambiance, right? Anyhow, our large party wasn't able to sit together, which really sucked because we had made reservations and they expected all of us at that time. So, my boyfriend, me and his two cousins got our own mini-table. We all shared the caesar salad prepared table-side. It was seriously enough for all 4 of us, and it was very very delicious. I ordered the gumbo, and was very disappointed. I thought that gumbo would be Emeril's thing! It was slightly cold and WAY too salty. It was a nice little presentation though-- it came in a mini-pot and was poured into my bowl. I had the filet mignon and it was okay, and I wish I had ordered the duck. I can't really say why I only thought the filet mignon was only okay, but maybe it had to do with the fact that it was pretty salty too and I had just finished up a super salty gumbo? All in all, it was a fun experience because of the atmosphere and because all of the family was there. Would we have had just a good of a time had we gone somewhere else? Probably. But, this was birthday girl's choice and it was kinda fun to go to a celebrity chef's place and criticize their food. :)
2	I can't decide whether this place is more overrated or Steak 9 at The Palms.  I'd rather go to Outback.
4	Comparable to Ruth Chris with a more hip/modern decor and slightly  less expensive menu. The bbq shrimp app was awesome. Steak was cooked well too. Excellent Service.
3	I thought it was good, but not $300 good for a couple.  Service was good, my steak was good, and the little grilled cheese were good, but I honestly expected to be blown away.  It is Emeril after all!!!  I would have been just as content spending a hundred bucks less at any number of other great restaurants in Vegas
2	Sweet Jesus, is this place overrated. I realize that top shelf restaurants in Las Vegas are pricey, but discriminating judgment should not be thrown out the window completely. Delmonico's is easily in the bottom third of dining options on the Strip, and maybe even that is too generous. There are at least 5 better options in The Venetian alone. I've had better rib eye steaks for $0.99. Their wine list sucks, too. I expect an upcharge but if I'm going to pay through the nose, at least give me something that wasn't fermented in a toilet.Skip Delmonico's. Don't spend your winnings at a crappy, over hyped restaurant. And if you're down, why add insult to injury?
2	Big portion, and that's pretty much it. Incosistent service, and doubtful seafood quality.
5	LOVE-LOVE-LOVE THIS PLACE!!!  Creamed Spinach is AWESOME!!!  And I don't even like SPINACH!  Tableside made Caesar Salad was great...  I've gone twice, once for my brother's 30th Birthday, and the other I took a buddy of mine for his birthday.  And both times I was very impressed.  It is definitely pricey...  Service was awesome, nobody ate before the other, they serve every person at the same time.  Our steaks were awesome too.  I would love to take my boyfriend there now, but since he BBQ's steaks all the time, he may think otherwise and criticize...  We'll have to see.
5	After my first bite into a DelMonico's medium-rare filet, the taste indelibly etched itself into my memory. So much so, in fact, that I dreamt about the steak the following day. Is the drool obvious?I could eat this steak every day. I could eat it for breakfast, lunch and dinner. I would bow down to the cow that produced this steak.As you can see, I'm offering a ringing endorsement for this Emeril-owned establishment. It is, hands down, the best steak I've ever had. They cook the meat to perfection, slightly bloody, just the way I like it, and crusted with a seasoning that offers just enough taste to add flavor to the steak, but not to take away from the meaty perfection.Besides the steak, the cheese fondue with mini-pretzels is unbelievably creamy and delicious. I could drink it.DelMonico's isn't cheap, but hell, this is Vegas. You're supposed to indulge, and this is a great place to do it. I'm really surprised at some of the negative reviews from other Yelpers, but all I can say is, I've been here three times, and the steak is still oh-so-close to my heart (and even closer to my stomach). Reservations must be made significantly in advance. And don't be surprised when the bill comes-like i said, it's not cheap. But the service is amazing and totally attentive, and the food speaks for itself. It's in the posh Venetian (by far one of my favorite hotels in Sin City), so you want to dress to impress and sip top shelf martinis. Yum. I wish I were there right now. Where's my steak knife, dammit?
4	Really good service and food.  I loved the mozzarella bruschetta we had, it had amazingly good flavor (garlic, shallots, tomatoes) drizzled lightly with either a balsamic reduction or really well aged balsamic vinegar, and on a toast point that wasn't hard and crusty.  Their soup special was pumpkin soup, creamy and seasoned nicely.  My husband I both got salads, I got the spinach salad with bacon and he got the fresh baby greens.  Both were good.  Too bad we came to a steakhouse and only ordered vegetarian dishes, we were just overwhelmed by all the heavy food we've been eating since we arrived in Vegas.  Next time, we'll try their seafood or meat dishes.  We finished off our meal with dessert, the fruit cobbler topped with caramel ice cream was YUM!
4	I am going to preface this review by saying that we were given free desserts and a special appetizer from the chef. This was due to my sister knowing the general manager as she was a Vegas concierge for many years. That being said, I thought the meal experience was outstanding.We were celebrating an anniversary and there were seven of us including a 7 year old. The waiter brought the aforementioned free appetizer, a steak and blue cheese  croquette and foie grae with cherry compote. Not bad. I started with the baby greens with fried mozzarella. The lettuce was decent, the mozzarella cold and disappointing. I asked a waiter, not ours, what she recommends and she said easily the Rib Eye in Bone. It saved the meal. As juicy as any steak I've ever had, and spiced to perfection with a dollop of butter melting on top. My wife enjoyed the 2 pound lobster and had started with the Lobster Bisque which she also devoured. The sides were OK. I had the Twice Baked potato with bacon and cheese, but also sampled the french fries, which they specially made for the 7 year old, and they were quite good.Dessert, since it was free, was a virtual sampler platter. The pecan pie was excellent. The bread pudding was disapponting - I've never tried it with cubed up bread with sauce on top and not enough to reach the bottom and served with Oreo ice cream and chocolate Magic Shell. I sampled three flavors of ice cream and gelato and disliked them all, they tasted like ice milk.The service was impeccable. Never a want. And the price was not bad, $325 for 7 people but if I included the freebies then it would have touched $400. Bottom line is I'd go back if staying at the Venetian but would try others if not.
3	Delmonico, the trivia first. Delmonico doesn't have Emeril Lagasse's name on it, however it is his establishment. Word is he signed a contract with MGM properties so no other place on the strip can use his name outside of the MGM properties. The only mention you will see is his first name mentioned in the dessert selection, other than that nothing.The atmosphere is nice and the waiter service is killer. However the food was lacking, the steak although cooked to perfection lacked some flavor and they do not mention how large the steaks are. Thepetit filet mignon was tiny, six ounces for sixty dollars which included three overcooked shrimp lobster topped. The frog legs were good, a different for once and their selection of fine drinks is a good selection.
5	By far the best steak I have ever had. We had dinner here to celebrate a friend's birthday. They met a few requirement we needed, a late reservation and corkage. Most places in Vegas don't do corkage and he was super attached to the wine that he brought.     The service was incredible. They were so attentive and well versed when it came to the menu. Out of the 6 people we had with us 5 were or are in the food industry. The man was an executive chef and the rest are fine dinning servers. Our servers kept them very happy.    The man and I shared the Cesar salad for two prepared table side. I had the Fillet Oscar style. It was honestly the best steak I had ever had. They were very generous with the crab and asparagus. The rest of our party dinned on rib eye, pork chop and the day's specials. It was all amazing. We finished off the meal with a banana creme pie. I don't really like banana cream. This was outstanding. Real sliced bananas with fresh creme, my god!    When the bill came were pleasantly surprised at how reasonable it was. A little over $500 for 6 people and 3 bottles of wine.  I can't wait to go back!
3	Intro:As is the case with most (if not all) steakhouses, don't fuss with too many appetizers.  Go straight for the beef.Food:Chateaubriand, carved tableside with seasonal vegetables - it was hearty, it was tasty.  Very simple presentation - there is nothing between you and the food.Sauteed Garlic Mushrooms - The sauce left a funny, stingy, slighty charred aftertaste.  Not a fan.Wine List:  Seriously lacking.  What's this of not having ANY Chateauneuf Du Pape?Ambiance:Elegant, modern, simple, and warm.  I wouldn't mind living in this place.Service:He did his best, but it was quite apparent that he was tired.  The poor guy.  When asked for a suggestion on a Red, he immediately suggested that there was a sommelier onsite.  C'mon buddy, you gotta try just a little, even if it is bulldoohicky! Overall:Be warned - you're paying for the ambiance and the Emeril name.  The food was delicious, but really not uberrifically succulent and extraordinary and memorable and, and....need I go on.
5	I am not absolutely dying to go back, but I grew up in Las Vegas and can say that this one of the finer fine dining establishments. My mom, her boyfriend, my sister, and I ate here for a special occasion post-Phantom and there wasn't a single mentionable flaw in the experience. Everything was fresh, perfectly cooked to order, and tasted great. The service was attentive (though perhaps the tiniest bit slow toward the end of our meal) and friendly. The ambiance was nice, excluding the "old ladies' night out" table nearby making a lot of drunken noise (they were just enjoying themselves but boy did one of them have a memorable cackle!) and would be suitable for a nice date.I recommend the caesar composed tableside as well as the tomato salads to begin with. I enjoyed my seared tuna and the steak and scallops I tasted were excellent, as was the tiramisu for dessert .
2	I've been to this restaurant 3 times in the last 4 years.  The first time was amazing.  The bbq shrimp appetizer had big delicious shrimp, the steak was super tender and cooked just right and the service was impeccable, servers are there just when you want them and not more.  Also, the sommelier made an excellent wine suggestion that was reasonably priced.My friends and I liked the place so much after the first time that we kept talking about going back the next time we were in Vegas.  The place was crowned as the place to go for our annual Vegas outing.  Unfortunately, the next two times I came back were utter disappointment.  The second time, I took my then fiancee.  We ordered the French onion soup, the BBQ shrimp and I had a rib-eye.  I forget what she had as an entree.  The French onion soup was gross, it tasted like dish water.  So we asked the waiter to bring us the Lobster Bisque instead.  It took us too long to find our server though.  To their credit, they took the french onion off of our tab.  The lobster Bisque was not special, very bland even for lobster bisque.  The shrimp came out very poor, the bbq sauce tasted burnt and the shrimp were small.  And to top the night off, my steak was medium well almost well done, when I had asked for medium rare.The third time, I went with my friends.  The wine suggestion was poor and it was tres expensive.  Also, the food was just as mediocre as the second time I went.I give the place two stars despite the food being ok, because of the price.  Also, I think the service has gotten weaker since my first visit.  Hopefully, this place can get back into fighting form, but I won't know because I doubt I'll be coming back.
5	I find Delmonico's similiar to Kai in Arizona...superb service, quality food, great wine list.   Chateaubriand....served tableside for 2 was intense (not a word used for steaks usually, but flavors were unique)  The cayenne pepper potatoe chips were my favorite thing on the menu....I'm a sucker for the things that are usually overlooked.   My wife had teh Filet which was smooth like butter and cut like it as well.  I can't wait to go back.
5	Great steakhouse! The best I've had since I've been living here in Vegas! Excellent service! I loved how the waiters and the chef that night wanted to listen to people's opinions of the dishes. Right when we arrived, they allowed us to sample an appetizer on the house, and the waiters asked for our opinion about it. It was a flaky chicken salad puff of some sort, and it was delicious! The side dishes I had were the mushrooms and asparagus. Scrumptious! As for the steak....SUPERB!  I had the steak in the bone (forgot the real name), and it was really good! My goodness! The environment is very dim but elegant. Fancy dining, for sure. I will always love that the waiters are wearing suits and always ask your opinion about every dish you try! They were even nice enough to give me a cute little chocolate dessert for my birthday for free! I love Delmonicos!
5	Love, Love, Love Delmonico's.My husband and I eat here every time we visit Vegas.  The service has always been consistently great-call you by name, never a water glass left half full, and servers who know and understand the menu.  The food, well, that's what really keeps us going back.  Last visit, we had the Chateaubriand for 2-it was perfect.  The sides that came with were delicious and we had the beer/cheese dip with pretzel bread for a starter and it was heaven in a bowl.  I like the wine selection-our server paired our steak with an appropriate red-not too full, but not too sweet , either.  I also love that they've always sent out an amuse-bouche(a nice, little bite) from the chef before you order-it's the little things that add up!Emeril-you've done it right again!We're going to actually try Carnevino, Batali's latest,  on our trip next month for something new, but I know we'll always visit Delmonico's!
5	Outstanding Restaurant Amazing FOOD from start to finish Amazing SERVICEWell Done - after going here I have tremendous respect for Emril and I must admit I did not before - BAM BAM
4	I was so impressed with the sister restaurant in New Orleans that I opted to make a reservation here for hubby's bday.  We arrived an hour early for our reservation and they were able to seat us.  They sent over a complimentary amuse bouche of steak sate that wowed us while we enjoyed an outstanding Pomegranite Martini and Key Lime Martini.  For people who love wine, the menu is extensive and expensive.  Overall, the food was good (don't order the creamed spinach, it tastes like Birds' Eye frozen), and the service was excellent (thanks, George!).  Pricey, but knew that heading in, and the cuts of meat and preparation met were worth the $$$$ price.  The special salad that evening (mixed baby greens with lavendar and baby brie turnovers and candied pecans was much better than my proscioutto (chewy slab, not shaved) and mozzarella.  A nice place for a special dinner.  Overall I have to say I enjoyed the food at the NOLA location but liked the sophisticated atmosphere and vibe of this Venetian restaurant better.  Glad we went but next time I'm in Vegas not sure I wouldn't head back without trying another similar restaurant first.
5	What a great find! I had eaten here once before for a corporate event, but this time it was for a nice meal with my wife.The wine list is amazing (almost overwhelming)! Service was some of the best we've ever had! Our drinks never got below half empty and the food was outstanding! The Filet was a little (very little) tough, but the flavor was outstanding! You really cannot go wrong with this place!BAM!
2	Ditto on the disappointment.I would have given D's maybe one more star, but since I paid $120  (well, factoring ~$10 to help pay for our guest of honor).for my dinner, that just really knocked down the rating.  D's ain't worth it.I was there with a bachelor party, twelve dudes, and the average price was $120+ for each person.My food: bone in rib eye, medium rare, shared a side of creamed spinach, and no drink.Yes, all this for $120.Rib eye: cooked perfectly, huge slab of meat.  I expected a nice marble, maybe a little excess fat, but by the time I was done, maybe a quarter of the original steak was off to the side...all fat and gristle.  I'm also spoiled and used to the 300 degree plate that you get at good ol' Mastro's, and since D's steak is served on a regular plate, the huge steak seemed to get cold pretty damn fast.Creamed spinach:  I could have gotten something better out of a can.  Got stone cold real fast too.All this for $120.  Service: Very good and very attentive.Guess this is where my $120 went....$120 :(
5	Perhaps one of the best meals I have had! Service was excellent and very attentive. The petite rib-eye with bacon wrapped shrimp, garlic mashed potatoes with a sweet tomato reduction was more than excellent! The appetizer of ahi tuna and salmon tar tar was very tasty as well. My husband had told them that we were celebrating my birthday prior to our arrival. They didn't make a big fuss, but greeted us with a yummy mini-mushroom tart to start our meal and ended it with a creamy cheese cake and wished me a happy birthday in a very descrete way :-)  -- I'm not one for loud signing and being the center of attention.  Delmonico's is a very nice, classy place. We will be back for sure!
4	Nestled back in the row of restaurants in the Venetian Hotel and Casino, Delmonico Steakhouse owned and operated by Chef Emeril Lagasse.  Offering up Orleans-style eats in a comfortable setting.  High back armless leather chairs and white linen set tables are scattered amongst white walls with pillars and great sloping arches.  A uniquely curved ceiling provided an interesting twist on the events of the night, as I was able to clearly listen in on several conversations from other tables as if they were seated next to me.  I only wonder if they were listening in on us?On the way to our table we passed by a wall of wine encased in glass.  It was impressive to say the least and perusing their wine list hinted to the fact that it wasn't the only wall of wine in the establishment.  After calling for a nice bottle of champagne we ordered off of the menu and enjoyed an amuse buche.  A sort of pre-appetizer, a bite or two of something tasty, like something you might get at a cocktail party.The wait staff was at our side at all times to make sure we had ample amounts of liquids and dinner breads.  We made a little joke how I was not able to finish my meal because the waitress kept calling for my bread dish to be refilled..."Would you like some more bread sir?"  If she had asked how I was feeling I would have responded "Better!"  I would had surely thrown in an extra hundred on the gratuity if she followed through with the Python joke or offered a thin wafer mint.I could go through all the parts of the meal but we know from previous reviews that the food is above board in the field of taste.  My only comment in regard to anything on the menu would be to the quality of the beef.  I am by no means a steak snob but I know quality beef when I taste it.  Having tasted beef from different locations around the world from Kansas to Kobe, Delmonico Steakhouse has much room to improve their quality of steak.  No matter how well seasoned or prepared the order was, if you start out with average prime beef you will be eating average prime beef and for that they lose one star.If you do happen to stop by and eat at Delmonico, I suggest the sorbet desert, the multitude of tasty wines and the special... whatever it is.Be prepared for the price, because this place is proud of their food.  Four guests, champagne dinner with desert was well over $100 per person.  Will we be back?  But of course!  Las Vegas is the place for over indulgences.  What happens in Vegas... along with your money, stays in Vegas so enjoy it while you are there.
3	My group and I were congregating outside in the bar area prior to our reservation and I was called by name to be seated which was very nice.  The dining room is actually more like one large hall way with two adjoining rooms.  You get about 2-3 waiters per table and they offer very good and attentive service overall.  So anyways on to the food review.  I ended up ordering the tuna/salmon tartare appetizer and the bone-in rib steak medium rare.  The Tuna and salmon both were very tasty but the portion was rather small.  For $18, I would expect a little bit more.  Now on to the reason why we dined here....my steak came out and it looked giant.  The overall taste of the meat was only decent at best.  I was really expecting a more flavorful piece of meat.  Maybe they forgot to season it or just didn't put enough of emeril's spice?  I could tell though the meat quality was very, very good.  They advertise wet-age steaks, but I much prefer dry-aged steaks.  Too bad my steak was only just okay and for $52 I didn't feel ripped off but more disappointed.  I thought about ordering the bone-in NY strip and regret it now.  I'd sacrifice little fat and marbling for some more flavor. The side dishes that our group shared were also just okay, nothing spectacular but not bad either.
3	where to start....Had a party of 4. Started with the Lobster Bisque soup, was a little too salty, but was tasted pretty good. With the main meal it took a while to get and when we got it, the steak that i had ordered ~medium~ was more like extra rare still kicking, and after taking the first bite out of it, it was already luke warm. After telling the waiter about the steak he took it and brought it back, medium rare, still bloody. I didn't think it was possible to mess up on a steak twice in a row, but oh well. The side dish's were asparagus, garlic mashed potatoes, spinach, and garlic mushroom. Just like the steak it got cold too fast, as well as the side dish's, however the garlic mashed potatoes, and the mushrooms were good while they were warm. The spinach would have tasted better if it had come from a can and the asparagus was nothing special, just expensive asparagus!Overall:The food needs to be served on hot plates!The service was awesome, and that was probably the best quality of the restaurant.
3	Surprisingly very mediocre, considering I had heard such fantastic things.There are many things that could be talked about, but at a steakhouse like this everything should be coming back to the hunk of dry-aged beef in front of your face. It should be flavorful, seared to just a tad crisp on the outside, and it should be consistent.My steak was almost reasonable. My buddy's steak next to me (same cut) was left half-finished on the plate (overcooked and just generally not awesome).The ambience and service was great, but if you can't get the steak right...
3	Not worth the money.This place makes me wonder how Emeril is considered a great chef.From the salad to the steak, I remember everything here being too salty. "Let's kick it up a notch" my a$$. It seemed more like let's cover up the fact that I can't cook with tons of salt.By the time I left the restaurant, I felt like my blood pressure must be sky high with all the salt I ingested. Needless to say, I won't be going back here again.
5	Superb!I'm sure people can knock off stars if their steaks didn't come out to their liking (heck I would too), but all four of ours came out exactly as we wanted them to.I'm not a big fan of Ermiril's show, nor am I a fan of his personality.  Despite having his name associated with this restaurant, I feel that if he's not the one cooking my meal, then it's not really his food.  Whoever the chef was that night sure had his mojo going that's for sure.The cocktail shrimp appetizer was amazing.  Cocktail shrimp you say?  How different can that be from Bellagio's buffet where you can get like 1000 in one sitting if you wanted?  Well considering you're saving your stomach for more desirable substances, the dish contained eight snicker bar sized prawns drizzled with a fine cocktail sauce that had a nice kick to it.  It was more than enough to satiate us before the main course.When our meat came out, my buddy and I couldn't stop drooling.  The girls had to laugh as their softball sized fillet's looked more like golf balls in comparison to our full-sized cow bone-in Rib-Eyes.  Literally the size of the plate itself, and at least 1.5 inches thick....Vegans would run in fear at the sheer size of this holy beast.  The rib eyes were cooked perfectly throughout.  Medium-rare, a beautiful mix of pink and red with a perfectly charred (requested) exterior that seared all the juices in and added wonderful flavor to the aged meat.  If this wasn't a proper meal we would've gone to town on the bones like cavemen at the end.  Truly magnificent.  And to think, they were offering a "Generous Cut" Porterhouse on the menu as well.....that might have been size of.....two cows (40-50 ounces per what our waiter quoted)The sides were just as delightful.  Served family style, the Asparagus was grilled perfectly, the potato fingerlings roasted with a beautiful blend of butter and garlic, and the mushroom medley was bursting with flavor.  I will also add that the dinner rolls are probably some of the best I've ever had.  Soft and fresh hot out of the oven, they had a nice sweetness to them and the fresh churned butter added an exquisite country taste as well.Dessert consisted of an excellent bread pudding with a scoop or Oreo ice cream, along with a Banana Fosters cream pie.  Both were amazingly good.  I have no idea how we stomached them, but they were a nice finishing touch.The wine list is extensive and amazing.  They're one of the few restaurants in Vegas that serve one of my favorite wineries wine (Neal).  We had an absolutely dazzling bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon, that we had to order another.  Needless to say, both gentleman slugged down 75% of a bottle each.  : )The service was excellent.  our waiter was attentive at all times and was very alert to our needs.  The best waiters are those that know what you want without even having to signal or tell them, and our waiter was just that good.A very elegant setting and located in the walkway connecting the Palazo and Venetian, this is definitely one of the steakhouses in Vegas I will frequent again.
4	I came here for work - I am not a big steak eater so if that is the kind of review you are looking for skip it.  Everyone knows the real reason to go to steak houses is for the side dishes and they do have good side dishes.  Our server was also very friendly about our changing party size and I had no problems with the reservations.  I am giving it 4 instead of 5 bc of ambiance- they could have done a little better here.  It is a little boring and white-walled, plus the bar area feels too open to the casino for me.  Plus side though it is right around the corner from the new Barneys so you can buy bags or shoes before/after.
4	Boyfriend and I came here with two other friends as an early bday celebration!The restaurant is right next to the passageway to the Palazzo Hotel and it sits right in front of the Blue Man theater. The ambience was nice except I took off a star for the boring cream colored walls. The food was great! I had a filet mignon while the other three all had a bone in ribeye. Ohmigosh...i couldn't believe how big these things were! They were ginormous! Anyway, the sides were yummy! We had the garlic mushrooms, steamed asparagus, baked potatoes, potato chips, and spinach! Geez...i know we couldn't even get to all of them!Their famous banana cream pie was delicious! It was a little frozen...I prefer it to be a bit more thawed...but it was still good!Their dinner rolls..ok...this is so Filipino but damn..it tasted like hot pan-de-sal! It was so good! Hahaha...seriously. Emeril's gotta be stealing Goldilock's or Valerio's pandesal recipe! $400 for the 4 of us....it's alright...step outside and play roulette! Make sure you put it all on red!
3	I have been taken here begrudgingly a few times now and have left with the same sensation of being overstuffed with average meat or poultry and starch.  The restaurant itself is not aesthetically appealing(drab lighting with white painted walls) and seating is not very private as the proximity of the tables are annoying.  I think the branding by Emeril has had a national appeal that people identify with and that's how his restaurants do so well but personally, I think all of his restaurant's food is mediocre at best with the exception of Commander's Palace in New Orleans.  Now don't get me totally wrong, the food isn't terrible as I still give this 3 stars but the whole experience here just won't knock your socks off.
4	This is my 2nd Emeril restaurant experience, first is NOLA and I loved it.  It's only getting 4 stars because my lobster was a little too salty.  BUT, the preparation of it has been the best that I have ever had. It was so tender and succulent.  I would definitely order it again, but would remind them to please not salt it so much.  Everything that I ate that night was to perfection.  The salad, the appetizer, filet mignon and lobster.  Our server was also very nice and very on top of servicing our every needs.  The wine that he recommended paired extremely well with our meal.  Yes, the walls are cream colored.  But it's a very clean, fresh feel.  The table are nice and roomy.  The chairs are so big and comfortable, you can sit there for hours enjoying your meal and drinks.  The accent colors in there are a tuscan red, so imagine a nice warm, bright feel.  I really enjoyed it.  Plus it's Vegas, who doesn't hit the lounge or clubs afterwards for the dark, moody ambiance.
3	Went there with co-workers because one of them had a craving for steak. We should've gone to just a whatever steakhouse that you could have for less than $20.Their bone-in steak ran about $48. Their appetizer salad special of the day (which I had as an entree) was $20. Don't believe what the vegas tourist book says. It said it's "$$", where in actuality was more like "$$$$". I don't think I'd go there again. My friend said his lobster bisque soup was just "okay" and not as good as another, less expensive place. He said it was bland and not much flavor to it. Their twice-baked potato was pretty good, but I can imagine how unhealthy it is for you. Their setting is nice though - dimly lit in some parts of the restaurant. Great for couples or dates. And if you want to go there, make sure it's something special like a birthday or anniversary. That's probably the only time I'd go back IF I ever went back.
1	was in vegas for a wedding & did the fancy/smancy thing cuz i love to eat...big fan of the food network & this guys antics on tv...but this place was horrid & over priced~it fits the picture of u receiving a small piece of the main course & paying like $50/plate wit no sides~calamari was watered down...trus me im all about payin the big bucs if its quality....this one wasnt....this was the only party pooper of the sin city trip
3	I liked this place better than Elmer, but then again he ordered a "special of the day", so I think he's right in expecting something pretty good in a restaurant that's presenting itself as elegant.The waiting bar was okay but dead.  The seats are nice but some tables get way too close to each other.  The calamari was very disappointing.  The warm spinach salad was really tasty.I had the BBQ samon - it was flavorful, tender, juicy and overpriced.If I had to eat there again, I'd probably just get a steak of some sort.  On my own, I wouldn't go back.
4	This place is a good place to go with your significant other but the seats are really close so it's difficult to have an intimate conversation....Really good food but the service is just OK.The only thing that I would go here for is Gumbo and Chocolate Souffle.
4	I kinda view the steakhouse experience from several angles. Not just the price, but also the entrees and sides, the pairing with wine, the atmosphere waiting in line.I personally liked the atmosphere, as it was nice to have dim lighting for a late 9pm dinner. The waiting bar was nice, although the seats are very very low. A nice confidence booster for short folks, but some might find it uncomfortable. Inside the restaurant, seats are very comfortable. Unlike my counterparts Don and Elmer, I ordered the standard NY bone-in steak. Very good, my only complaint was that it wasn't boneless! The wine was great; the waiter was helpful in selecting a bottle, very tasty but not too pricey for 4 near-thirtysomethings. The side dish of warm spinach salad(which yours truly ordered) was the showstealer of the night. Everyone liked it, so keep it on your radar if you go. Overall, I thought it was great. I gave it 4 stars, though it would really be 3 and a half stars. If you want a better selection of steaks, probably go to Ruth Chris, NERO or the Bradley Ogden restaurants. In Vegas, the benchmark is BOA, but BOA can get very very pricey. But for the value and overall celebrity restaurant experience, a good experience. Definitely make reservations thru the casino or through opentable. I would go again with a small group or for an intimate dinner with my girlfriend.
4	TIP ON ORDERING STEAK:If you want a bigger cut of meat, get it rare to medium-rare.  Otherwise, if you order your meat medium-well, you get a smaller cut in order for it to cook well in the middleI couldn't decide on a steak that night, and I wanted a little variety.  So I ordered a combination of 2 appetizers and a soup.Soup: Lobster bisque was awesome mainly because they weren't stingy with the lobster meat.  Often when you order a seafood soup (e.g. clam chowder) they dump a lot of potatoes or other filling in there.  Not the case with this bisque.  A must for any bisque or lobster connoisseur.Appetizer 1: Butternut squash ravioli w/duck was very tasty, and again, not stingy with the duck, which kind of looked like pulled pork but with duck meat.Appetizer 2: Crawfish meat w/Crystal pepper sauce over linguine could have been a small meal in itself.  And just the right amount of that Crystal Hot Sauce to give it a solid Southern kick.  This was probably my favorite.I did have a taste of the various meats too including the T-bone and filet mignon, both of which I recommend.  You don't get anything with it, so unless you just want meat, you'll probably need to order a side dish or two.
5	It's been a long time since I been to Delmonico's. I used to be a big fan of Emeril. I'm sure I had some pork dish and something wrap i bacon. Just make sure you make reservation WAY in advance.
3	I've been here twice so far and I'd have to say the first experience was the best even though they burned my steak.  Be aware that due to the way they cook their steaks you probably don't want anything over medium.  My GF hates raw meat so we ordered medium well and got a black looking steak.  I did complain and was told it was due to the way the prepare the steaks.  They did comp the steak which made things better.  I'm an appetizer man so I ordered several appetizers.  They were all excellent especially the Fois Gras dish.  What made my second experience less memorable?  MENU CHANGES!  Even though I knew how to order my steak perfectly now, they changed the appetizer menu on me.  They no longer offer ANY Fois Gras!!!  I asked the reason for this and was told they had people protesting about the item so they discontinued it.  I was so looking forward to it that it ruined my whole night.  I sub'd the Fois Gras with the Truffle Oil Home Made Potato chips and those are probably the best chips you'll ever have.  Desserts must not have been good because I don't even remember what I had.
4	I have to say that my steak which was the ribeye on bone was tasty.My friends steak being the kobe steak, was dry. Not what i expected for a Kobe steak. But considering that mines was good, I give it 4 stars. Kobe steak 3.
5	I seem to have really good luck with Emeril's restaurants. After my recent visit to Delmonico's, I'm beginning to think he can't go wrong. From the moment we walked in the door, it was just instantly different from all the other restaurants we visited. We were greeted warmly, seated immediately even though we were early, and had friendly, attentive service the entire time. The atmosphere inside Delmonico's is not at all what I would have expected, but it is simple and lovely. The colors are warm, the lighting is excellent (especially at a steakhouse, I need to be able to see my food!), and the decor is plain and easy on the eyes (not a lot of decoration at all).We started with some truffle potato chips and a tomato salad to share while we were getting settled. Vince curled up with the wine list with a big, giant grin on his face. Ah, so many choices to go with steak, but we can't really go wrong with Chambolle Musigny, so there you go, and we threw in a bottle of Sancerre to start. I ended up getting Emeril's famous bone-in ribeye, Vince got the filet, and Phil and Alexandra got BBQ shrimp and mushroom medallions. We also got an assortment of sides, including spinach, asparagus, mushrooms, and garlic smashed potatoes. For someone who likes pure, unadulterated meat, my ribeye was about as perfect as you can get. Cooked to my desired rare plus bloodiness, with a simple crust of Emeril's Essence, a beautiful quality cut without any tendons or gristle, just beautiful meatiness. Vince's filet was similarly perfect, nice and thick and bloody, with a delicious cajun rub that enhanced the meat without overpowering it. I was impressed with Alexandra's medallions - they were pretty large for medallions; they looked like big 4 oz filets in their own right. I'd had the shrimp before at Emeril's seafood restaurant so that was nothing new but those were also good. The spinach actually tasted like spinach (rather than cream), and the asparagus was nice and al dente. I finished up with some pecan pie, a generous Jamaica Blue Mountain espresso (I was impressed that the coffee list provided a wide variety of espressos from which to choose), and a cognac. Too bad it was only lunch! This meal was certainly the highlight of our trip (In addition to being the best, it was also the least expensive). Afterwards our server took us on a tour of the restaurant. Next time we are definitely going to try to reserve the chef's table. I already can't wait!
5	Delmonico isEmeril's Vegas steakhouseSuch yummy goodness
5	Fab bistro!I'm usually one to choose light dining over a big steak, i must say this is one steak house i want to go back. The services was great! We were lucky enough to have "Vinnie" to help us selecting the right wine for both the rib eye steak and the fish dish.Will definitely go back when in Vegas.
3	(Jan/ 2006)Tuna tartare-- take a back seat (for now), "where's the beef? We shared the steak tartare appetizer and it was good. Not remembering that we had dined at Emeril's in Orlando, I ordered Gumbo. And as it turns out, it is the exact same Gumbo that I had at Emeril's restaurant in Florida. Go figure. We also had some fish sitting on a bed of what looked like, well, vomit. BUT nevertheless, the dish was good and the stringy fried potatoes on top were crunchy and tasty.
5	I took my wife here for her birthday this weekend.  Lemme say, the service does not get any better than at this place.  Our drinks never stayed empty, and our napkins were always quick to be folded by staff whenever we left the table.  My wife's bone-in filet just melted in your mouth.  My bone-in ribeye steak was cooked to perfection, and was super tender.  The food was out of this world great!!!   True, you're paying an arm and a leg for it, but I felt like I got my money's worth.  I'm definitely returning when I visit Vegas.
5	Oooohhhhhhhhhhh this place is orgasmic!  I can't even begin to tell you how in love I am with this establishment.  It's amazing.  The boyfriend and I were in Vegas for our anniversary and he made reservations at Delmonico.  I was excited :) When we were being lead to our seats, we oohed and awwed about how beautiful the restaurant was.  The ceilings and structure reminded us of the Conciergerie in France.  Very pretty.  Anyway, we were seated and given a very extensive wine list--some wines upward of $3000.  We opted for a glass of wine.  We opened the menu and no more than 5 minutes later, we knew exactly what we were going to order--scallops and gnocchi in basil butter sauce, lobster bisque, and two bone in ny strips cooked medium rare.  No sides--we wanted the beef.  About 10 minutes after we ordered, the waiter brought out a complimentary amuse-bouche.  Two puff pastries with bleu cheese mousse and walnuts.  They wanted to wish us a happy anniversary! How wonderful is that?  My bf was very surprised--when he had booked the reservation they asked him if it was for a special occassion.  He was very surprised they did something about it.  Well, it was delicious.  Now we were even more enthusiastic about the food.The lobster bisque came next, and it was fantastic.  Creamy and perfectly seasoned.  The scallops (2 huge scallops to be exact) came next and were wonderful.  Perfectly seared on the outside and tender on the inside.  And the steak...oh boy.  It's huge!  It came out seared on the outside with a dollop of herbed butter.  I couldn't wait to get at it. It was perfectly red on the inside.  This was hands down the best steak I've ever had in my life.  It was seared so perfectly, that the fat around the edges of the steak were crispy (yes, I actually a good helping of the fat. It's better than butter!)  The food was amazing and we ate as much as we could--leaving behind almost nothing at all.  Still, we wanted dessert.  Pecan pie a la mode with caramel sauce. Fanfreakingtastic!!!  Delicious! The waiter told us it was the best pecan pie he had had in his life, and I concur.  Yummy! I only have high praises for this place.  Aside from the food, the staff was attentive and gracious.  We can't wait to go back--even if the $200 bill hurt a bit.
5	The man has done it again!: On a recent trip to Vegas our casino host suggested we dine at the Delmonico for a nice steak in a fabulous environment. WOW! The atmosphere was cool & hip but not fake or stuffy as sometimes happens in upscale establishments. It was romantic & relaxed. We felt right at home. The service was top notch....friendly & efficient as one would hope. Our servers were always a nod away & ready to tend to all of our needs. The meal was simply fantastic. Our salads were crisp & fresh. We ordered the Chateaubriand for two & were blown away at the quality of beef & flavor. A nice touch was the final searing & butterfly filleting table side. Coffee was good. Dessert was shared as no room was left after the meal. We enjoyed every savory bite. The whole dinning experience has been one of our favorites to date.
4	I came here with 16 other girls and the service was great!The place had a great decor of course being in the Venetian in Las Vegas and all.About half our party came early to get the table since we were staying at the Palazzo but they said we had to all be there in order to be seated. Boo!I ordered the rib eye steak and we all shared to creamed spinach, the smashed potatoes and the sauteed garlic mushrooms.  They were all really good.  The steak was cooked perfectly (medium rare for me). Very tender! I wasn't a fan of the creamed spinach there but the potatoes and the mushrooms were fantastic!We skipped on the dessert but I did have a great red wine with my dinner.
4	This place is excellent.  I would highly recommend it for steak.  I ordered the NY.  I ordered medium rare, but it came out overcooked to a medium well.... I would have complained and asked for another one, had the steak not been so effin' delicious.even though it was over cooked, by my taste, it still ranked on my top steaks that i've eaten.  that's got to say something.  But I will say that in my groups of 10 friends, the majority of them got their steaks exactly how they ordered it.The sides are good.  The fresh buns they serve are fantastic.  and they do supply some sauces with the steaks, but man... you just don't want to spoil the taste of these awesome steaks.This place is pricey, but it's worth it.  they have a great wine selection.  50 page/chaptered wine book selected by their own somoliere. I'm going back.
5	Incredible service! Made a reservation even though it was after 4th of July weekend. I was glad we had one, it was still packed on a monday night! There were eight of us, my friend's daughter brought her new Build A Bear puppy, and the server brought a setting and high chair for the puppy! How cute is that?? we ordered a bunch of appetizers, the fried calamari was light and crisp, bbq shrimp's sauce was thick and sweet but yet savory, shrimp cocktail should be named prawn cocktail, and the squash ravioli - again, it's the sauce that did it, yum. Every time I see lobster bisque, I order it for the kids, they LOVE it - creamy, velvety with chunks of lobsters. Hubby had the ribeye steak, I had the filet mignon, took a bite of my friends' beef medallion and colorado rack of lamb. I think the ribeye steak and lamb came out the winner. Very juicy and tender, with a little bit burnt on the fat, perfection! We shared the banana cream pie, banana pudding, creme brulee for desserts. The pudding was no doubt the winner, the others are good, but if you can only order one, have the pudding. Again, expensive, but money well spent. Will come back again for sure!
5	LAS VEGAS...i have so many unforgettable memories...i first came to this sin city on a cold winter night with my college roommates.  the youngest of us had just turned 21 and we needed to prove we were adults.  back then, new york new york was the hottest hotel on the strip and we went crazy, imitating diana ross and the supremes (i would say we were the original "dreamgirls" and i have pictures to prove it).  we couldn't afford a lobster for each person, so we shared 1 among 4 of us. we were young, naive, dirt poor and shameless.  summer in vegas is a miserable time, and my sisters and i braved that heat by looking at the bellagio water fountain in awe.  that water show is still the favorite part of my trip every time i go to vegas.  of course, this all happened before "ocean's eleven" featured that famous last scene.  i don't think we looked as cool as brad and george though...i swore to myself that i'd never be back to this city after our incident at a club.  we got kicked out for having too much fun!!!  it was for a bachelorette party, and i think paris hilton was slightly jealous because we drew more crowd than her performance on that night.  we continued to party on in our suite and i discovered that night that jacuzzi could make even the most prude girl hot and steamy!!!i am no longer young nor have enough energy to party all night, but vegas proved to be a great place to have some of the finest dining experiences one can enjoy.  this time, our sole purpose of the trip was to eat at delmonico steakhouse, and what a fantastic night we had!!!some of us had been here before, so the night started with the chef's complimentary appetizer which was a capane of smoke salmon on puff pastry.  a bottle of red wine was chosen from their extensive wine list along with fried calamari and barbecue shrimp as appetizers.  i can't make a comment on the wine, but the calamari had overwhelming amount of olives for my taste.  i did love the shrimp as they were cooked perfectly in that tangy sweet bbq sauce.some of us were disappointed that the restaurant no longer offered pork chop, but the special of the night was pork tenderloin with braised bacon, and they happily opted for it.  a couple of us ordered a bone in filet, the bf ordered a bone in ribeye and i got a filet mignon.  my butterflied medium steak was perfectly charred outside with some pink inside and it was very tender and juicy.  i tasted the pork dish and i loved every part of it.  i never knew that a chunk of bacon could be so buttery and sweet, and the cane syrup they used to braise was just perfect for that white fatty meat.  the highlight of the night was the bone in ribeye.  that thing was huge with so much flavor!!!  i rarely eat any pink meat, but the bf's medium rare steak was so delicious i didn't care for the color of it.  seriously, if you ever get a chance to go to delmonico, get their bone in ribeye.  you'll thank me forever for the best steak ever!!!we also ordered sauteed garlic mushroom and roasted fingerling potatoes.  it was a mushroom heaven with all different kinds of them (shiitake, button, oyster, portebello, etc) cooked in chopped garlic and the aroma itself could make someone's mouth watery.  those purple, yellow and red potatoes side dish was recommended by our maitre d' and it didn't disappoint us.  maybe it could be too heavy for a light eater with all that meat, but for a person like me (a meat & potato girl), i couldn't ask for a better meal.i must say this steakhouse is a place to impress someone.  it's a huge restaurant, but since it was sectioned into 3 different rooms, it rather felt intimate and quaint.  small tables were cornered so you could be private and although the restaurant was busy, i never felt rushed.  the waiters were not those friendly joker types, but the service we received was more than adequate and appropriate.  delmonico renewed my faith in vegas.  i was impressed...i was happy...i was glad to be back to vegas where i have the good, the bad and the ugly memories of my "peak" time!  this dining experience (not just the food) tops as one of my favorite moments in vegas.
5	If you want a 5-star food experience, then follow these simple instructions:Order the bone-in filet mignon, sauteed garlic mushrooms, and truffle parmesan potato chips.... trust me, your mouth will thank me.And yes, the mushrooms and chips will still taste damn good as a post-partying 3am snack.  Just use the chips to scoop up the mushrooms and go to town on 'em.Happy Eating & You're Welcome!!Oh, and I think the link on yelp is wrong... try this one:http://www.emerils.com/restaurant/5/Delmonico-Steakhouse/
5	This restaurant is world class. It is one of the top steakhouses that I have been too. I would rate it in better than a ruth chris, ditka's, chop house and in the same category as a shula's or capitol grill.The service is 5* as they have 3+ waiters taking care of you constantly, but not overbearing. Type of place where you leave to use the washroom and you  come back to the table and with a folded napkin and a refilled water glass.Love the appetizers, my wife believes it they have the best lobster bisque soup out there.The steak's are great sizes and range from $42-$50, but you're truly getting what you pay for. For the dolts who dinged this place because of the cost, if you want a piece of grizzle for $20 then go to outback.Whenever my wife and I come to vegas and we need to celebrate something, this is the restaurant we do it at.
5	I love everything about this steakhouse.  I waited until after our second visit to write a review just to be accurate...our meal was perfect yet again.   As we were celebrating my birthday on our latest visit, the waiter treated us to a lovely, complimentary first course of duck pate.  We then ordered the popular bbq shrimp as an appetizer along with the lobster bisque.  The shrimp dish consisted of 4 very flavorful large prawns and  the bisque was TO DIE FOR.   Now on to the meat... it was cooked to perfection, a red warm center.  Definitely one of best steaks I have ever had, hands down.    As we wrapped up the dinner, the waiter brought out a complimentary dessert of chocolate sorbet over a waffle flat bread.  The service was impeccable.  We literally had three waiters, 1 head, and 2 assistants.  I would absolutely recommend this establishment to anyone interested in a memorable dining experience.
5	We ordered the Chateau Brian and it was awesome!  The steak cheese fondue is to die for.  Quality of beef was very good.  Service is good beside the fact that there is a huge party in front of us.  LOL.  One of the best steakhouse in Vegas I would say.  Will come back during slower, non-trade show time to experience better service.Out of all the fabulous restaurants this hold one of the top rank on my mind.  That's a lot to be said.Next time we're in Vegas we'll be sure make a stop here.  Make your reservation because this place is pack!
3	Not Impressed. Had to ask for Ketchup. Enough Said.
4	It's been at least a year and half since i hit delmonico's - i wanted to try CUT but the person that invited me and was flipping the bill, chose the bam guy's steakhouse and since i was free loadin' - all good with me.ate around 6 - started with a fat tire ale, then a sauvignon blanc - both hit the spot after the heated drive. ordered the bone-in rib eye with blue cheese melted on top - medium ( i believe it costs $52 - i didn't have my reading glasses - difficult to read ! ) twice baked potato,( $9) asparagus ($8)  and the gumbo of the day ( $10)amuse buche - some sort of mushroom tapanade on a crostini - not bad !the gumbo - ok - kinda dull - expected more heat the steak - shear perfection - and with the blue cheese bubblin' and slightly browned -  B -  U -  T  - fulllllllthe sides - all decent the group shared banana cream pie and banana bread pudding - GREAT !we had 2 bottles of pinot noir - sonoma - could not read the name but it worked with the steak.a meal like this is almost pushing me back into the rat race so i can enjoy the wining/dining i left behind when i retired.
5	This is still a GOOD PLACE for steaks...  Since my last review, I've finally taken my boyfriend here for his birthday on May 21st, even though it was a day late, and he thought it was really good.  Given we had a lot of extra food, it was still a good dinner...  He loved the sides we had, and his cut of meat was perfect, as was mine as well...  Wish we could afford coming here ALL THE TIME, but I guess we'll have to see where our jobs will lead us...  Otherwise we may actually have to PAY to come to Vegas...  Still, to enjoy Emeril's steaks and his awesome food, it's most definitely worth it...  One day we'll try his fish house in MGM...
3	Good food.  Great steak/beef tartare (did I spell that correctly?).  Pretty darn good service as well.  From an ambience standpoint, this place is leagues better than Prime (not too many tables, decent lighting, not a lot of room noise) but not as cool as some of the newer rooms in Vegas.All in all, a good place to go for steak.
5	The best choice for steaks in Las Vegas.  The staff are expert servers.  I have gone here for both intimate dinners and group dining, and all experiences have been beyond our expectations.  Start with the truffled parmesan chips, then the tomato salad, the mushrooms, the filet (black and blue of course), one of the potato specials, and stay for dessert (they sell cigars in the bar) and a glass of scotch to finish off the meal.
4	This place was delicious and the staff was very friendly and helpful.  My favorite favorite thing was the Lobster Bisque.  It had a empanada like thing in the soup packed with lobster. If only I could find that here....
3	Went here with some friends while my husband and I were having our couple's shower in Vegas prior to our wedding. His best man raved about the restaurant, so we decided to give it a go.We made a reservation for the first seating, but they weren't quite ready for us when we got there, so we sat in the bar area and ordered a couple of drinks. I got a very good pino noir, though I can't recall where it was from.When it was time to be seated, we were escorted to our table through a line of wait staff. Honestly, it was a bit uncomfortable walking through all those people. Once we got to our table, our server came over and gave us menus. Both the server and her assistant were pleasant enough, though I don't know I would go as far as saying there were "friendly."We all ordered our starters and make courses, plus a couple of sides. I got the lobster bisque, which I wasn't all that impressed with. I had better lobster bisque on cruise ship. It was a bit salty and the way they presented it was a bit tacky, in my opinion.When the entrees came, everything was fine. The steak was good, but I don't know that I would ever pay $50+ for it again. I asked for medium, and I got medium rare. Which was fine for me, but one of my friends had the same problem, and it kinda grossed her out. So she had to send it back. The server got the problem fixed very quickly, and it was perfect the second time around.I did like that they came with some sauces. The Bearnaise was very good and my husband devoured the peppercorn sauces. The sides were all good, but not as big as we had anticipated. Our waiter said they should feed 3-4 people. However, when you have two 250+ pound guys with you, it was not enough.The desserts were FANTASTIC. I had the creme brule, which was perfect. Soft and creamy, with a yummy hard shell on the top. I would order that again in a heart beat. And we all felt the deserts were very reasonably priced for what we received. Definitely big enough for 2 people to share.Overall, 3 starts. Everything was good and probably would have gotten 4 stars, if not for the price of everything. When you pay that much for food, you expect to be wowed. And we just weren't. But no major complaints either.
5	I really like Delmonico's.  I've dined here multiple times and have never been disappointed in either the service or the food.  We decided to have lunch here on our most recent Vegas excursion.  My dad tried to get reservations for noon, but was told that they could seat us at 12:30pm instead.  No biggie.When we arrived, there were only about two other tables occupied.  Not sure why we couldn't come in at noon, but whatever.  We ordered the potato chips with truffle oil and parmesan as our app.  I never thought of potato chips as a gourmet dish, but now I know better.  Excellent!My sister and I split the salmon which had a bbq-esque sauce and was served with onion strings.  The waiter actually asked how we would like to have our salmon prepared.  I've never had a waiter ask that before.  Pretty cool.  We also shared a side of broccoli (gotta eat your veggies) and the twice baked potato with white cheddar and bacon (OMG!).  So yummy!For dessert we all split two of the infamous banana cream pies.  Can you say holy banana goodness?  Another OMG moment!  In all honesty, that pie is one of the main reasons we went to Delmonico's.  ;)I would highly recommend dining at Delmonico's if you are in the neighborhood.  Be prepared for a leisurely meal (service can be slow, but it is relaxing) and some delicious food.  Bon appetit!
5	this is my favorite steak house ever and iv tried all the steakhouses in oc/la... I always get the bone in rib eye (big enough to share) and a few sides...Emerill's signiture banana cream pie is dayam good too...gotta get the side of muchrooms and finger link potatoes...once in a while they with serve their special pork chops and i highly recommend you get it. its THAT good. i luv this place and cant leave Vegas with out dining at this restaurant! Thanks Emrill!
2	Lobster bisque, spinach salad and wild mushrooms.  Yum, yum and yum.Ribeye.  Large portion perfectly med rare, but too "saucy" (not sure why they feel butter is necessary on such a flavorful cut that should be able to stand on its own.)  Truthfully, I've had better ribeye on our backyard grill.Lamb.  Overcooked and also too saucy.  Not sure what that flavorless choux puff was about...Took two bottles of wine, but only got charged 1 corkage.  Nice.If I ever go back - which I doubt I will - I'll stick to the non meat items.  Guess for a steak house that's not high praise....
5	This place was amazing, probably the best meal I have ever had in my life.  I came here with my boyfriend at the time, for an early dinner.  We arrived earlier than our reservation, so while we were waiting we were looking at the menu outside to see what we would have.  I thought I had made my decision, but once inside we found out that the chef makes something special each day.  So of course this is what I decided on ordering, and so did he.  Which I was a little bummed because I was hoping he would order something different so we can share.  Our dish was served in a large bowl, and it was a sampling of pork, beef and chicken that was served over garlic mash potatoes.   We also ordered the caesar salad prepared table side.  This was very impressive and of course delicious.For desert I chose the banana cream pie and he chose the double chocolate fudge cake.  They were both superb, which I wasn't expecting any less.The service is impeccable.  I have never been to a restaurant this nice and I felt like a queen for the time that we were there.  There were just two of us, but be had three servers attending our table.  While we were waiting to be seated we sat in the bar and we were watching a basketball game.  The maitre d' noticed and kept us updated throughout our dinner with the score.
2	The boy picked Delmonico's because he loves steak ad I didn't want to leave the hotel. Now, in all honesty, I wasn't my normal foodie self, I wasn't really that hungry, so maybe I'm not giving it a fair review....but....We arrived 5 minutes late for our reservation, and were greeted by the host with a little attitude, but in all fairness, I was in heels hiking miles to get to this place, give me a break! After he made a point of stating the time, and the time our reservation was, we were escorted to our table. The decor almost feels cave-like, which worked for a steakhouse. The place was packed and it took a little longer than fine dining protocol allows for to get our menus. Our waitress was a sweetheart and made suggestions for us, although she seemed swamped with tables. I decided on the lobster bisque and the petite fillet Mignon. The lobster bisque was ok, nothing special, which was sad, since I watch the food network 24/7 and love Emeril, (I expected more from his restaurant). My fillet was a little overcooked for medium rare, and really had nothing special about it. No flavor to set it apart from a fillet I'd get from Costco and make on the grill myself. The boy loved his steak, so I guess the meal was a success, but having been to N9NE, I wouldn't come back here. The prices are high, and the food is just good, not world changing like Vegas fine dining should be.
5	We stayed at the venetian and as a very special treat had reservations for the hubby's birthday.  We received warm friendly smiles as soon as we arrived and were quickly at our table for 4.  I ordered a Filet Mignon medium rare with country smashed potatoes.we also had the best prepared Caesar salad ever to encounter my taste buds made table side.  The steak just literally melted in my mouth.  I was in utter awe and in an orgasmic state.  With each tantalizing bite I felt I was being lifted into food heaven.  This was hands down the best Filet Mignon I have had thus far!Our Server was kind funny and on point.  The wine selection is impressive and we had our two bottles to the last drop:)  Hey we were celebrating remember(hubby's bday)I satisfyingly finished my meal off with a homemade sorbetThis will be a memorable moment locked away in my taste buds memory!
5	This is by far the best steakhouse that I have been too. Maybe I say this due to the lack of high end steakhouses I have been too. But everything to me here blew my mind. One thing I want to mention is the level of service. I have never had such great service at any other restaurant than here. The food was served exactly at the same time by 4 servers, and they would refold your napkin if you were to step away from the table. I felt like I was treated like royalty. My steak came out perfect. And all the sides, especially the creamed spinach and mushrooms, were great as well.I would love to come back to this place again. The steaks are amazing and the service is top notch!
5	all i can say is WOW! I was in Vegas for many reasons and I wont get into them here, but this restaurant was amazing. the food was outstanding the the service was the best I've ever had. The atmosphere was very relaxing, and non pretentious. The appetizer that we had was fantastic! GO PRAWNS! and the steak was to die for. The several waiters that attended to us were extremely knowledgeable and the sommelie was top notch. If you ever get a chance to visit this place i highly recommend it! Emerile did a great job with this one.
4	We went here for my husband's 30th birthday and it was great. It wasn't the BEST I've ever had. The portion was HUGE and the meat was tender and juicy. The only negatives were- #1 Too much butter for a good quality steak and #2 I asked for medium rare and the meat came out overcooked. overall, I would recommend it...
5	5 STAR PERFECTION!Wow, what a treat. I went there as just one person and was seated in a booth by myself and was still given excellent service and attention as I would expect. I was expertly consulted by a sommelier on my wine choices to go with my $50 filet that was cooked to a perfect medium rare. All in all I had a $120 five course meal with two glasses of wine. Some may think outrageous, but hey its Vegas and I didn't have a problem splurging a little bit. Enjoy yourself - this is 5 star perfection for service.
5	Excellent in every way! =)There are so many servers. =X  I think they have a server per person, or per utensil used haha.Environment: Dim, Classy Place.  Dress Nice.Great for evening & Dinners.Absolutely no complaints, but an extra thanks to a friend's bday that I got the chance to eat here. =)
5	This is a great steakhouse in Las Vegas. We started off with a caesar salad made table side. I had the rib eye and my husband had the filet mignon. Both were ordered medium and they both came out perfectly medium and mouthwateringly good! The sides were ok and the desserts were fantastic!This is a great place to go for a birthday, anniversary or some special occasion. Although if you just have a hankering for a good steak on a Tuesday night, this place is good any time! Definitely make a reservation though because this place is packed!
4	This Emeril namesake kicks ass.  Tableside caesar isnt my favorite ive ever had but its unique.  All the steaks at our table were perfectly prepared (including a non-butterflied Medium well steak).  Ambiance was free of "BAM!", very rich, elegant, a little loud, but leaves little to be desired. Service was excellent, insane wine list, insane coffee list, limited Emeril.I will be back here for another special occasion or business dinner soon.
3	It was a good restaurant but I wouldn't tell a friend "you have to try this place!" I didn't want to order a whole steak for myself because I was on a diet at the time so I decided to share one with my sister. This was a bad decision. If I have never been able to get along with her, what made me think we can share a steak. This was apparent after she ordered it "medium well" and I shot her a look and remark of "I don't want mine medium well, I want it medium rare" This minor conflict turned uncomfortable for the rest of my family as her and I debated over how our steak should be cooked. (My theory - anything over medium kills the good juicy flavor) All the while the waitress was standing there, listening to us go back and forth about the steak. I don't remember how it ended up being cooked, but I do remember the steak coming out cut in half. Thanks waitress. The food was good, I think everyone was pretty content with what they ordered. I don't think any of us thought it was the greatest meal ever, but it worked and we were satisfied. Service was nice, patient, and attentive.
4	We were in town for our 1 year wedding anniversary and wanted to eat somewhere nice before seeing Phantom of the Opera so my wife made reservations here.  The service was excellent and the food was good.  I was a little under the weather that day (allergies!) so I couldn't taste my food as well as I could have.  But for being sick, it still was very good.  My wife said the wine list was overwhelming so our hostess suggested a nice cab from Napa (I forget the name).  We had a relatively quiet meal; not too loud compared to other steakhouses I've frequented.  We will have a go at that place again next time we are in Vegas; hopefully I won't be sick so I can enjoy my meal!
3	See profile site for full review with formatted pics.Having taken the early flight to Vegas and catching a quick breakfast at Payard, a late lunch at Delmonico was just what the doctor ordered.  Not a steak eater, the choice may seem a tad unusual until one realizes that this was now my fourth Emeril restaurant and fourth time I'd be sampling his take on Shrimp and Bread Pudding.  To be fair, I find it unfortunate that so many people consider Emeril a "sell-out" because he is on TV....he is still a good cook with some great recipes and one of the few celeb chefs who actually keeps his restaurants open for lunch along with dinner.  On first impression, Delmonico seems rather boring in design.  A front bar/lounge and a back dining room with mostly whites and woods - Elegant but "home-y" would be the best way to describe it, yet slightly odd with the single spotlights peering down on each table.  Arriving around 1:45 I was toward the end of lunch hour, but was seated immediately at a four top in the front.  The menu and bread were delivered swiftly, yet despite my knowing exactly what I wanted it took 15 minutes before the waiter returned for my order.  Creamy BBQ Shrimp with Fresh Baked Rosemary Biscuit, please.  Order placed, I was given "bread" and "butter" from a side serving table....the bread was cool and dry while the butter was a block of ice....poor form.Unchecked upon until the arrival of my shrimp around 2:30pm, I sat and listened to the table behind me and took some pictures.  Thankfully, when my meal did arrive, the Chef's cooking once again spoke volumes.  7 huge shrimp, 3 small rosemary biscuits, and a sauce that can only be described as a mixture of honey, hickory, and cream with a slight bit of spice....it was lovely.  With all the shrimp finished and significant sauce left over, I requested more bread and this time was thankfully brought two piping hot rolls glistening with butter.  While these were delicious and used for mopping up the sauce, it does not excuse the awful first bread service.With my main gone a different waiter appeared and asked if I'd like dessert.  Darn right I said, having sampled 3 of Emeril's Bread Puddings in the past (one of them twice....we actually went back to Emeril's of Orlando for Bread Pudding after the version at Emeril's Tchoup Chop disappointed....not that I'm obsessed with bread pudding or anything.)  On the menu at Delmonico?  Banana Bread Pudding w/ Oreo Ice Cream.  Served in a tiny pot, the moist and liquidy Banana Bread was fantastic, yet so hot that it had turned the ice cream into a melting puddle before it even arrived.  The icecream itself was pretty standard fare and didn't really compliment nor detract from the pudding.  Having had Banana Bread Pudding twice in the past, this was the worst of the three and nowhere near as good as the Sweet Potato Bread Pudding at Emeril's Fish House or the Bourbon Cinnamon version at Citywalk Orlando.  As many have noted before, Vegas seems to have a thing for runny bread pudding, yet the three best I've tried in Vegas have all been the more dry version.  All told, the shrimp was truly standout while all other aspects of the meal were pretty average....and the cold bread....poor poor from.  From what I've heard the steaks here are delicious and I'd certainy return to sample other menu items, but given the vast number of Vegas choices (and two better Emeril restaurants, IMO) I doubt I'll be back.
5	I really enjoyed my experience in here. Its an expensive place so save it for a special night out, unless you're wealthy, than feel free to splurge all you want. From the outside, the restaurant seems small, but once you walk in you'll see its a lot bigger and most of their clients are seated there instead. Spacious seating and dim lighting, everyone is dressed up.My party tried out:Appetizer: Emeril's shrimp, it wasn't bad. I was delicious, but not necessarily memorable or jaw dropping. Our waiter recommended it to us and it wasn't a bad choice.Soup: Lobster bisque, delicious!!! This is the best lobster bisque I've had in recent memory. A lot of the bisques I've had always added too much wine into so the wine flavor killed the lobster's, but this one was well balanced! Kudos!Entrees: BBQ Salmon, genuinely surprised at how delicious this was. Moist, flavorful, but not overbearing. Potato hash and onion strips went well with it. I ordered a side of mashed potatoes too, which was great. The waiter warned me that I had a lot of potatoes, but I don't mind. Plus, I shared my mash with my party. Other members in my party had the filet mignon and ribeye. I'm not a particular fan of ribeye because of its texture, but they managed to make me like it. We didn't order any dessert, but we did have a few cups of Blue Mountain to end the evening. Soothing, relaxing, and it was a perfect ending to a nice meal.The service was great, our waiter was very efficient, honest, and attentive. No snobby elitist attitude, which is always appreciated. The price is expensive, but what do you expect? Its Vegas! You're going to be spending a lot if you want to have a good time here.
3	The Gist:   The most expensive steak does NOT equal the best tasting steak.     Played in Vegas with a group of 8 other friends.  Even though there is so much good food to choose from in Vegas, all of us knew we wanted to go to a nice place for some good steak during our stay.    We've heard a lot of good things about Delmonico so it was pretty easy decision to try it out.   First things first.  Service was great.   We came late for our reservation.  No problem.   Some of us actually shared a couple steaks.  No problem.   Took pictures for us during a busy Saturday night.  No problem.The important thing - the steak.   With 8 people around the table we were able to try various cuts.   Several guys got the bone-in rib eye.   One of the girls got the rib-eye, and I personally shared the new york strip with a friend.    I feel like I'm paying a premium for Vegas and/or Emeril.     Don't get me wrong, you'll definitely get a nice fat, juicy, flavorful steak here.     But I felt like I was getting more of my money's worth with the Kona Crusted Steak at Capital Grille (Chicago) or the Cowboy Cut at Taste of Texas (Houston).    The meat quality was much better and believe it or not, much more flavorful than Delmonico's steaks.That being said, if you do go to Dominico's, definitely get the sautee'd mushrooms on the side.   Its a nice garlicky mix of mushrooms that compliments perfectly with the steaks!
4	Delmonico's has good steak and appetizers. The atmosphere is okay and the interior design needs to be improved, but the food is delicious. The bread and butter was both cold.boo. The lobster soup was salty.eh. The barbecue shrimp is good. The rib-eye was really fatty. eh. The strip steak was yummy! The portions are big too. I wouldn't mind going back for the food, but I wasn't into their scene.
4	YOUR MILEAGE MAY VARY.lately this place seems to go in either extreme- feast or famine. sometimes, the food is absolutely incredible and everything is jusssssst right. othertimes, it just falls flat on its face. in all fairness, it's a really large restaurant and i suppose it's inevitable for some things to get lost in the cracks here and there. still, the first 3-4 times i ate here, everything was flawless... so i know what it could be.
5	best steak i've ever had!
4	So when you go to a restaurant like this please expect a bit of a drawn out dinner, I think it was two and a half hours for our large party. Many said it was the best food they had in their life, and it was really wonderful. I will say that the appetizers had far more imagination than the main course which was a bit deflating. We went after a long day at a convection and most of us were tired and slightly delirious so the service being a tad slow made the dinner feel very much like The Cook, The Thief, His Wife and Her Lover. They do the thing where they set all the plates at once and the glasses never went empty and the wine list is to die for, they had a 15000 dessert wine that dated before the Titanic. One star is really for the main course not living up the expectations set previously.
4	4.5 Stars Delmonico does not disappoint! I had the wonderful luck of visiting Delmonico for my birthday dinner in Vegas. I was beside myself with excitement to try an Emeril restaurant! Prior to our 8:30 reservation, we sat in the lounge to take pictures and have a drink. Our hostess came to get us when our table was ready. We were greeted by our friendly waitress (her name escapes me) and were all seated quickly. She took our drink orders and delivered them quickly. She let me peruse the VAST wine list at my leisure and explained the specials of the evening and gave the market price of the items on the menu. I decided on the bone-in rib steak with broccoli and bacon cheddar grits. In the meantime, I ordered a bottle of Klinker Brick Zin and our EVER observant, and discreet waitress whispered in my ear to inquire on the preference on whether I would like her to present the bottle just to me or would I like her to present it to the rest of my drunk and (embarrassingly) rowdy guests. What a professional. I won't even get into how I handled the two of my 4 dinner partners and their TERRIBLE manners, but let's just say I won't be seeing them anymore. Finally, dinner arrived. My steak was beautiful. Well, cooked, not quite as rare as I had hoped, ah well. A rare steak seems to throw cooks, I don't get it. The sides were HUGE and beautiful. The broccoli was fresh and not over steamed so they still had a slight crunch to them. My bacon and cheddar grits were so rich and savory. I could only have a few bites of them before my stomach couldn't take anymore. Delmonico was nice enough to deliver chocolate ice cream at the end and wish me a happy birthday! What a lovely ending to a chaotic dinner! I hope to enjoy Delmonico again soon, and with better dinner partners!
2	I'll start by saying that the ribeye steak I had at Delmonico's was the best that I've ever had, hands down. Even the sides that my fiance and I split: smashed potatos, and asparagus-- were top notch. It's too bad that such an awesome culinary experience had to be ruined by everything else.First off: the decor. VERY spare, with high ceilings. Kind of felt like I was eating in a fancied up gymnasium. The dining room was dark but the sparse spot lighting was harsh, taking away any sort of mellow ambiance they hoped to achieve.About 5 minutes after we were seated, a party of 7 very loud middle aged men came into the restaurant and sat at the table next to us. My fiance and I only ordered salad and dinner, and soda to drink since we don't pay for booze in Vegas. ;) This OTHER table was ordering bottles of wine and appetizers out the wazoo, and the waitstaff took the cue to ignore us and focus on the table that certainly ensured a bigger tip.This was a HUGE turnoff. We are very lowkey customers by nature -- no substitutions, no special requests -- I waited tables during my college years so I know what it's like to be on the other side of things. But to sit there for 10 minutes with empty plates and glasses in front of us while 4 or so staffmembers fell over each other at the adjacent table uncorking bottles, getting out appetizers... it was unacceptable. It made us feel like intruders with our lowly $130 bill.PLUS, they charged us for soda refills? at $2.00 a pop. If I'm paying $50 for a steak, don't charge me for a stupid refill of Diet Coke.The meal itself was awesome, but with so many other options in Vegas to choose from, we probably won't be going back. I was happier with the French Toast Slam I had at Denny's earlier in the day: No pretension, my waiter didn't suck, and I didn't get charged for a refill.
4	I liked this place a lot and would probably go here again next time I'm in Vegas.  They have a nice bar/lounge to hang out in if you have to wait for a table.  Very good food and very professional staff.  The presentation when you order an expensive bottle of wine is pretty amazing.  Not quite 5 stars though.
4	So I was in town again and felt like having steak since we ate at Tao the previous night. My friend suggested that I dine here. I liked the mood and settings of the restaurant. We got a quiet cozy corner. Order a few glasses of read wine to go with the filet I ordered. Overall, it was a good experience. Nothing spectacularly special. Food was above average.
4	delicious! but i was way too full from eating the days before to completely enjoy this place.we started out with calamari and crab cakes. im not that into calamari but i thought the crab cakes were wonderful. the lobster bisque was super rich and creamy. yum. and it comes with what i thought was bread, but when you stir it into the soup, the bread somehow melts into great big chunks of lobster.everybody got steak and i went with the ahi tuna, cuz i figured i could just get a taste of their steak. that didn't really go to plan cuz i just ended up eating everyone else's steak, especially my friend's bone in rib steak (med rare). hehe. but the tuna was still very good.ended dessert with the bread pudding and creme brulee. i liked the bread pudding more because it was hot and it was topped off nicely with ice cream.
5	Absolutely loved everything about this place.  My party of 6 chose this establishment to have our New Year's Eve dinner and the restaurant did not disappoint.  We were 20 minutes late for our 8:30pm reservation since we were stuck trying to squeeze through the NYE crowd from 2 hotels down.  The host didn't think anything of it and was able to seat us right away.I had ordered the filet mignon and shared the side of the perfectly steamed and buttered asparagus that could serve up to 4 people.  I ordered my filet medium rare and it was definitely medium rare as our helpful and attentive waiter, Ryan, had described it.  The other dishes my dining companions had were the pepper-seared ahi tuna, grilled petite beef medallions, and spicy jumbo shrimp with fresh fettucine pasta.  All of which they loved.  The dessert lovers shared the warm apple crisp and the chocolate brioche bread pudding.  It was the first chocolate bread pudding I had and once I dug into the soft center, I fell in love....At the end of dinner, not having a calculator, Ryan noticed I was struggling a bit to calculate everyone's portion of the bill and he kindly offered to split the bill 6 ways as I had specified to make things easier.... How nice was that?!  Excellent food, excellent service - highly recommend dining here.
1	As a restaurant under Emeril Lagasse's name, I was expecting a consistent, quality meal.  Instead, I left very disapointed with the restaurant.  The only highlight was the signature BBQ shrimp appetizer.  The butternut squash raviolis with duck confit were unexplainably dry.  The shredded duck on top should be slightly dry or crispy, but the inside of the raviolis shouldn't be.  I don't know if I could even say the butternut squash was pasty.  So dry it was bordering on gritty.   The truffle parmesan potato chips were cut ultra thin and so tasty, but were dripping with too much oil.  Instead of tasting light and airy, they felt weighed down by goopy oil drops that clung to each chip.  Then there's the steak.  We ordered one bone in ribeye and a standard ribeye.  Both cuts were juicy, marbled nicely and cooked to the right levels, except for one thing, the steak had no taste.  What creates the taste, seasoning and aging?  Well, whatever it was, it was only surface deep.  the outer portion of the steak was seasoned, but the meat in the middle really had no taste.  Even the butter scoop that topped the steak couldn't make a noticeable difference.    Don't get me wrong, the meat quality was good, but if I pay $50 for a steak, I expect flavor.  It felt like I was eating a $25 steak.   I almost wanted to ask them for bernaise sauce to get me through it.  Even though the wait staff was extremely helpful and attentive, it couldn't save this disappointing meal.   In Vegas the only other steakhouse I've been to is N9ne at the Palms and I would recommend that over Delmonico's in a heartbeat.   I don't think I'll be going back.
5	I gave this five stars because I feel it is the best steakhouse in Las Vegas. I have been to CUT, SW, Craft, and Del Frisco's, but Delmonico's takes the cake. We went in a large (all male) group so I wont describe each dish, but simply give a brief overview. The service and decor are both wonderful. You were given a relatively large amount of space, at least for a steakhouse. The appetizers, steaks, sides, and desserts are great! A must go to for those looking for an upscale, but great steak dinner. In terms of price, it is average for a Vegas steakhouse.
5	The best steak I've ever had!! really great, but also SO LARGE!! I don't think I could even think about red meat for a month after eating it!!I totally recommend that one person gets steak, while the other person gets lobster or something, because it really is too much red meat!! all good though, so it's hard to ding them for giving TOO large of portions, right? I mean its America and we are known for large portionsif I lived in Las Vegas, then it would be okay cuz you could just take it home, but com'on most eaters are prolly out of towners...anyway, all I remember is the really great steak! If I wanted top-notch steak in vegas, this is probably were I'd be!
5	Last time I was in Vegas I dined here for a birthday occasion.  I made the reservations in advance and when I arrived the Host gave me the option of waiting for the rest of our party or being seated right away.  Right from the start they were very accommodating and the service was excellent from seating to enjoying our dessert. I ordered the Chateaubriand and at first glance was not as impressed as my friend ordered the bone in rib steak which looked amazing. But after the first bite I was sold, the chateaubriand was extremely tender and had tremendous flavor.  I also sampled a piece of my friend's steak but actually preferred my chateaubriand. The staff also made our experience memorable as the chef prepared complimentary appetizers for everyone and single dessert w/candle for the birthday celebrant.
5	i often refer to myself as Queen Cathy. Obnoxious, I know. But it's a nickname that's stuck since high school, and if that's what the people will, that's what I will be.Befitting the high standards and quality that this Queen has come to expect over the years, Las Vegas never fails to provide the top-notch EVERYTHING to entertain Queen Cathy's every whim and desire.Delmonico's. If I were the President of the US, I'd give you a Purple Heart. If I were the Queen of England, I'd grant you Knighthood.  As the Queen of CathyLand, however, I will give you the highest honor I can bestow: Five Stars on Yelp.OMFG this place is fantastic.  I'm a steakhouse junkie, and I am always looking for the next, even-better steakhouse experience.  My first visit to Delmonico's left me speechless, and all subsequent experiences have left me a raving addict.  No kidding.  if I ruled over Las Vegas, the land would see a very fat queen.The service is IMPECCABLE.  I don't know how many people work here, but I've never seen my water glass less than half full (talk about food service taking a positive outlook on life! Haha).  It's like magic.  Before you even have a chance to THINK it, it happens on its own.  The food in an of itself is DELECTABLE.  I only order the boneless ribeye, as it's my absolute favorite cut (and I think the bone-in ribeye is their specialty).  It's flavorful, PERFECTLY seasoned, and absolutely perfectly cooked.You see, this queen is picky.  She doesn't like to eat anything bloody. It's gross to her.  So she always ALWAYS gets her steaks well-done. While some may gasp in horror (how can you enjoy a steak WELL DONE?!), I say this, "It is true that well-done steaks tend to be dry and flat in flavor. If a steakhouse can manage to make my WELL-DONE steak juicy and flavorful, then FOR SURE it's a fantastic place!"I don't remember much about any of the sides because I'm always too busy gobbling up my steak (and still having leftovers to go!).  Many a late Las Vegas night, I'd drunkenly stumble back into my hotel room, and suddenly overcome by an urge to grub, grab my takeout box and just CHEW on a slab of leftover steak.  It's even good cold.Delmonico's, the Queen of CathyLand salutes you for outstanding service and incredible food. Cheers.
1	The traditional New Orleans Gumbo was tasteless, the lobster bisque was too salty, the jumbo lump crab salad was anything but fresh, the BBQ shrimp was swimming in BBQ sauce......, we were amazed by the poor quality of food this restaurant serves, we ordered great wine and that's the only thing we finished, service was O.K.  I would skip this restaurant altogether.
5	The original New Orleans Delmonicos gave me some of earliest foodie education.  WAY back before it was bought by Emeril, it was a Garden District favorite.  Many of the old, wealthy families of New Orleans dined there.  It was not on the tourist trail.I was distraught when Emeril bought Delmonicos.  I thought he was cheesy and obnoxious, and I just knew he was going to ruin this Southern matriarch.  I could not bring myself to go there and view the damage.Then I found out a Delmonicos had opened in Vegas.  Who cared if it is cheesy I thought...we're in Vegas, home of cheesiness!  So, Sugar Bear and I checked it out in 2001.  We were delighted to see that there was a strict dress code.  Our meal was splendifferous.  The presentation--stunning.  The restaurant--breathtaking.  I could not believe it!  Delmonicos had not been ruined by Emeril after all.  He had taken my favorite old school restaurant from New Orleans and made her into a youthful Southern Belle again.  We were dazzled.We returned to Delmonicos a year later to celebrate our wedding.  Perfect.We've been several times since, and have always loved our meals.  It has been disappointing that the dress code has become lax.  Last time we were there, we saw jeans and shorts.  Downgrade for a place that previously required a coat.  I guess dress codes don't really fly with the younger crowd, and this Southern lady has had to ride with the times.  If you are in Vegas, or New Orleans, this is not a place to miss!
5	The past few visits to the Venetian Hotel I've made it a point to eat at Demonico's. The service is impeccable, waiters remove plates the second you are finished and they are very approachable. The most recent trip I had the braised pork appetizer w/cranberry, creole mustard and basil which was delicious. The entree consisted of the charbroiled bone-in filet mignon with roasted root vegetables, fingerling potatoes and jumbo onion rings. Very fun. Thanks to Hector, my server, everything arrived on time and well prepared.
4	Yum! I loved this place! Order the Louisiana version of the Lemon drop! That is really good! The food was great! The mashed potatoes were awesome and my steak was great. It didn't get cooked the way I asked for it to be but it was good nonetheless. Our server was great and because it was my birthday, she gave me a chocolate martini on the house that was so good!!! I would definitely go again!
2	I'll make this one an easy read. I have been to this steakhouse 4 times since it has opened. The 1st time being within it's 1st month, the last several weeks ago.My 1st 2 visits were awesome, great steaks and sides and good service, then something happened on my 3rd trip about 1 1/2 years ago, the food was just o.k. not horrible but nothing that great. Well a few weeks ago we were back at the Venetian.  I was there with my Wife, 2 sons(16 and 5) and my Sister in Law, everyone wanted steak, so we decided why not let's try Delmonico's.Turns out this was a bad choice and one that will keep me from going back, with all the new crops of good steakhouses(many within the same hallway) that have popped up since this place has opened, Delmonico's needs to get it's act together.We ordered 3 Rib Eyes, 1 Filet, and my 5 year old got a burger. For sides truffled potato chips, mashed potatoes and corn.When we were sat, we immediately were served water and our drink orders taken, that was the highlight of the meal. It took about 20 minutes to get our drinks and orders taken. When we asked if they had anything specific for our 5 year old, they suggested the burger, fine he can have that, if not my Wife would have just split some of her filet with himWhen our food came about 50 minutes later, mind you the place had just opened and there were no more than 4 other tables occupied. They put all our food down in front of us and they then proceeded to give my son a burger that had to have been at least 12 ounces, we all looked at each other and then commented on how and why would they serve him that.  Mind you, waiter suggested this burger for the 5 yr old.Back to the other plates, it was just large chunks of flavorless meat, the sides were bland and the truffled chips were soaking in oil. When it was all over and done we had been there almost 2 hours and were out almost $300. I have no problem spending good money for a good meal, but this meal left us feeling like we had wasted our time and our money.Will not go back.
4	While staying at the Palazzo in Vegas during the CES & AEE convention's I had a great dinner at Delmonico's with a few new friends on a Friday night.We did not make a reservation for the 4 of us, but the maitre' d Marty put a table together for us in about a 5 min wait. The place was packed!I guess it's the perk of being with "high rollers" aka "corporate cocks".No, but seriously we had unbelievable service thanks to Marty's personal touch & our beautiful hostess Corrine. Our C.C's did the pleasure of doing the ordering for us ladies. I must give my C.C's credit because these 2 men had great taste!We started with a very nice bottle of Pinot Noir, Emeril's New Orleans Barbecue Shrimp, Truffle Parmesan Potato Chips, Lobster Bisque, a really good salad that was not on the menu per the request of my C.C friend Richard.The lobster bisque was interesting, the chef bakes the lobster into a tasty biscuit that you can dip or crumble into the creamy bisque. We also had Butternut Squash Ravioli both dishes brought me back to Delmonico's for 2nd's on Sunday night. Again, I was lucky enough to have Corrine as my hostess the 2nd time around. Thanks Corrine : )Our main course we had a very fine bottle of Cabernet not on the wine list but one of our Maitre' d Marty's personal fav's!We each had the Bone In Ribeye Steak's they were huge!! Gigantor!!! I ate maybe a 1/4 of it!! To compliment our BIG juicy rib eyes we had Vegetables of the Day & New Orleans Creamed Spinach. D'lish!We had sooo much food I thought I was going to burst!All though we were all stuffed some how we managed to end our meal with some coffee & dessert's,  Emeril's Banana Cream Pie (my personal fav. FYI I love cream pies ; p) & Chocolate Peanut Butter Torte. So sinful..... but not as sinful as two women in vegas baby!! What happens in Vegas stay's in Vegas!!!Let's just say our date's were not cheap and our bill was not small $$$$.
4	This was a dinner for work.. not sure if I'd pay for it on my own dime, but it was excellent! Service was excellent. The sommelier even happily took back a $120 bottle of wine (guess that's cheap by Vegas standards!) when the 2nd bottle smelled corked. Appetizers:*butternut squash ravioli - recommended if you love duck! Covered in duck confit.. yummy!*BBQ shrimp - sauce was rich, heavy and delish. It was almost a combination of a gumbo base and bbq sauce*foie gras with berry tart (on the daily specials menu) - wow! if you follow my reviews, you know I'm a foie gras lover, but this one was really excellent. The crossed grill marks on it were beautifulMain course:*Bone in ribeye - 18 oz of buttery tasty goodness. Well seasoned. Not best steak I've had in my life material, but quite good.*Ahi tuna - huge portion! Cooked to perfection, but the enormous slabs were kind of off putting. I guess when you're paying $42 for freaking tuna you should get something substantial. Plus it makes you feel more like your steak eating companions to have this retarded big portion on your plate.Sides:*just get the truffle chips.. you will thank me later!*grits covered in bacon couldn't get more fatty :) No complaints hereDessert:*chocolate bread pudding - very chocolatey!*butterscotch pudding - good but honestly the freebie portion at Bradley Ogden is yummier!!
4	Quite delicious! I wouldn't say that this Steakhouse is creative or unique, but what I will say is that it's classic, delicious and savory. The decor is comfortable, quietly & minimally luxurious and the service was very good without being intruding. I was dining with my family (sister, mom, father and my husband Russ). For an appetizer, I ordered the Lobster Bisque which was very good but not super memorable and for the entree, I ordered the Surf and Turf. Perfection. I found everything to be just as I ordered it and savored every last piece of my meal. We got the Bacon-Cheddar Polenta which was remarkably good and the mashed potatoes (which I didn't try) and also, the creamed spinach. It may not be revolutionary, but Delmonico's does good food just right :DI wouldn't say that I really "stepped out of my box" with what I ordered, but I will say that they have a wonderful wine list, a nice group of people working for them, and tasty food. This is the perfect place to dine with a small group or family where everyone can get something they like. It's more of a safe bet while dining in Vegas - but a good one. It's also located in the Venetian - which is as they say - a "feast for the eyes" I like!
4	Delmonico's is a great place to dine while staying in Vegas (especially if you are staying at the Venetian).  Service:The distinguishing characteristic here is the service.  We had 10:00pm reservation on Valentine's day and were flying in to Vegas to meet friends for a weekend getaway (got that? good).  Our flight out of SFO was delayed and we ended up arriving at the restaraunt at 10:48, long after we should have been seated etc.  Our waitress was the essence of efficiency; without missing a beat she let us know that last orders were due at 11:00.  They key here was she always made us feel like she was on "our team" rather than making us feel as if our lateness at created an inconvienience for her.  She helped all six of us get seated and get our orders in "before the bell" (as it were).  She got a $100+ tip for being a pro.Food:This is a steakhouse, order a steak.  Mine was flavorful without being fatty or gristly, pink without being bloody and just the right amount charred on the outside.  This was the ribeye steak, but the bone-in ribeye ordered by one of my partners in crime was equally well-prepared and duly appreciated.  My wife thought her crab-stuffed halibut (wrapped in a potato skin) was good (but not great?).  Cost:You won't find an entree for under $50 and the sides are extra (we had a group of 6 so that actually worked out wonderfully and we ended up dining quasi-family-style).  The asparagus and mushrooms were hits!  With tip (21%), the bill came to exactly $100/person.  I think we all had at least one drink and the girls split a bottle of wine, one desert and a few coffees were ordered.Bottom Line:The service here was friendly and professional.  The staff make you feel welcome and are eager to please.  The food is extremely good and a decent value (it is Vegas after all).  Go here if you like steak and are willing to pay a little extra.
5	BAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Emeril has done good!ITs located in the venetian casino level on restaurant row on the way to the palazzo. the place has a cute bar area where we had to wait for the rest of our party but eventually the hostess sat us first. we had to sit at 2 seperate tables because we had 13people BUT they didnt charge gratuity...although we gave more regardless...from the start our server was beyond nice and welcoming. he helped ben choose his martini, he helped me and a friend chose our red wine which was yummy and we devoured our calamari, filet mignon, bonein ribeye, truffle chips and mushrooms!!!the bread they bring out one by one on your plate was SO soft, warm and goooood with the butter, calamari was wonderful even with olives (which im not a big fan of) it was yummy, the filetmignon was cooked well all the way around perfectly seasoned. the ribeye was a REAL winner though super yummmy and HUGGE (obviously hence the place being called delmonico...). the mushrooms were perfect and the truffle chips were delish altho a little TOO greasy for me. alll the food runners and our server was so nice and the atmosphere like many steakhouses wasnt stuck up but actually really relaxed while still being rather nice. at the end he asked us where we were heading and suggested many different places to check out even tho we were so picky on tryin to decide which bar to head too. he also brought out two desserts with a candle for the two bday boys at our table!at the end our table of 6 had a bill of near $450  (5 of us got filet or ribeye $45-$55) Ben F and I ate $190 worth hahahah it was a wonderful meal...in a wonderful atmosphere! check it out when in need of a fabulous steak + great wine.
5	Located on Restaurant Row in the Venetian is Delmonico's Steakhouse. This place is nice, very nice. The lounge area was spacious, plentiful amount of seating, with a bar area. Not a bad place to hang out if there is a wait for your table. You are not able to see inside the restaurant from the lounge area. We had a table of 13 and we were separated into 2 tables. The seats were very very comfortable. I believe they do accommodate large parties all in one table, but I guess for that time slot on that day, this was our only choice. Reservations are highly recommended here and book in advance if you have a large party. Our waiter or host shall I call him was very informative about just about everything! He recommended what was the best things on the menu, where to party after dinner, what wines were great, along with how I should get my steak cooked! He was simply awesome. I order the BONE IN RIB STEAK which is also originally what the server recommended. The price for a good steak does not come cheap, this one was worth all $52.00. Medium rare was perfect. The steak is huge it almost took up the whole entire plate, tender, moist, juicy, perfect temperature, minimal fat, butter came on top of the steak like a pancake, very easy to cut, bone was just this big straight across:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------so it was very easy to get every last piece off the bone. I strongly suggest you order the steak with a nice red wine. Your taste buds will be in heaven. The sides are a bit deceiving if you look at the pictures of the sides. For some reason I was expecting a huge pot, but dont let the pictures fool you! The side order of sauteed mushrooms was very delicious. I put that to the side because I did not want to share with anyone. The truffle potato chips was very greasy, save your $10 and order another side instead. The calamari was okay. Not worth the $14. Marinara sauce came on top of the calamari already, so if you did not eat it fast enough, it could get soggy real quickly. THEY HAVE THE BEST WARM BREAD HERE EVER! TEST YOURSELF AND SEE IF YOU CAN RESIST JUST ONE! I can finally say I ate at one of Emeril's restaurants! Seeing you on the Food Network making all those different mouth watering dishes is for real! Definitely a must try if you are a steak lover.
4	What else can I say that the 169 before me haven't written.I had the rack of lamb, and it was delicious. I was full after the first piece, but I had to finish it because it was perfectly cooked. I also ordered a side of steamed asparagus and it was cooked with the right amount of salt and butter. I couldn't ask for anything else better prepared.Great steaks and seafood. Wonderful ambiance and excellent service. Be sure to make reservations if you're going to dine on a weekend because they were turning down people left and right.
5	For a steak place in Vegas .. 5 stars, and this is simply why.Steak, $52 Bone in ribeye, one of the best 20 oz steaks I've ever hadService, waiters were always very helpfulDrinks and apps, good flavor and well and fair portions.All in all, i expected to be hungry after and go to like a smaller and quicker place after just to make sure i was full, but i was so satisfied i was sleepy.   Also, i went in at 8:30 for my meal and for a table of 4 i think we left like close to 11. It wasn't that the service was slow, the atmosphere and ambiance was just right to forget time and enjoy your meal and the people your with.
1	Started out with a rude front desk manager who was too busy to pay attention that we were there. Finally the girl who was working the desk came over to take care of us. Service at the table was overkill. Too many different people trying to take care of us. Prices were high but that is expected so no big deal. Steaks were overcooked. That is poor for a steak house like this one. Sent them back. Manager did not even have the decensy to visit the table to attend to the problem.   First time there and with all the other great places to eat it will be the last. Don't waste your time.
4	This is not my first time at Delmonico. I was in Vegas a few years ago on business (again) and had a group dinner (10-12 people) here. I did not make the reservation but the person who did somehow got us the chef's table. If you are not familar...the chef's table is it's own room separate but right next to the kitchen. Because the room is made up of clear glass...we could see right into the kitchen and watch our meals being made. It was very cool. We did the tasting menu. It was all great and the portions were so large that by round 4 I was uncomfortably full...and still had the steak course to go! I came back for dinner last week with some friends for dinner. No chef's table this time...sat in the regular ole dining area. Service was pretty good and I thought the food delivered (although my initial experience was a bit more memorable). We had the calamari with an live tapenade and also the BBQ shrimp. I thought the calamari was good, not spectacular (this would not have been my first choice as an app but I wasn't the only one at dinner). I thought the BBQ shrimp was delicious and had great flavor, cooked perfectly. Split a blue cheese wedge - can't go wrong there. I had the mixed grill special which came with a piece of pork tenderloin, slab of bacon & a piece of andouille sausage all served over greens and andouille grits. Delicous! The andouille sausage was the star of the plate as far as I'm concerned. My friend had a ribeye and a cheddar twice baked potato and enjoyed it. Someone else got the pork tenderloin off the regular menu which came with grits, greens & cornbread pancakes (which were tasty). All of us enjoyed our meals. I think it's a nice little "splurge" for dinner. I do agree with another reviewer who said that the ambience is nothign special (unless you get the chef's table of course) and that the steak selection was nothing different - same cuts of meat as other fine steak houses. I didn't see that "wow" factor onthe menu...which is why I ordered one of the specials.
4	I guess the 4th time is the charm!!  My brother was nice enough to get us a gift certificate here so even though we didn't really want to come back here again we decided to order things we wouldn't normally get at a steakhouse.  Stuff like chateaubriand which was fn awesome and way better than anything else I had there the last 3 times.
4	Ok, someone that doesn't eat meat has no business writing a review for a steakhouse but I went here a few months back with a group of friends and had a wonderful dining experience so I thought I would share.  My fish was eh, ok, but hey, it's a steakhouse.  What do you expect.  Everyone else raved about their steaks and the appetizers and sides were incredible.  Wine list was amazing and the best was this chocolate something or other desert.  OMG.  I had an orgasm right there at the table, I swear.  Great place, great service. great time.  4 stars.
4	Great steaks, awesome service and comfortable settings.  This is a steakhouse, don't expect too much other then steakhouse classics and wonderful desserts.  Food is good, not amazing, would return for sure.
4	I came here for my 20th birthday just recently and I definitely recommend it.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.  The steak I ordered was so tender that it practically melted when I touched it with my knife.  And it tasted even better.  I ordered shrimp with it as well and the each piece of shrimp was the size of my fist.  They, too, were delicious.  I received a small dessert with chocolate gellatto and real whipped cream which was awesome.  The one small misstep was actually the funniest part of the night.  My dad was having a gin and tonic and when he requested our main waiter for another one but with more gin in the drink, the second drink arrived in an even smaller glass.  My dad just sat and stared at the tiny little glass as I sat across the table chuckling for the rest of the evening.  So, it looks like you might not want to criticize the bartender.  Other than the sensitive bartender, the evening went off without a hitch.
4	Besides having to finance your meal with a 20% deposit, this is the best steak and lamb my wife and I have ever had. The filet Mignon was ridiculously tender and perfectly seasoned. You do not have to put any salt or pepper on anything. The lamb was even better and the portions were huge (9 oz filet and 2 lamb racks). We started with a lump crab cake which had a dill caper sauce that was AMAZING. To give you an idea of what we spent, we got an appetizer (crab cake), two cocktails, filet mignon, lamb with truffle oil, side of potatoes (everything is al a carte so sides you get separately family style) was $150 without tip. Expensive I know, but I guess that's Vegas; $6 waters, and $100 market price lobster. The only downside is that this place is LOUD!!! The way the ceilings and the rooms are built noise just bounces around so if you are looking for a quiet romantic dinner, I wouldn't go here. If you are looking for the best steak of your life, this is a great place. A couple rounds of blackjack might help you pay for you meal. I probably wouldn't eat here again... at least until I save up over next 30 years. Good luck! :)
5	Top notch steaks and one of the best wine lists in Las Vegas. Perfectly seasoned and prepared steaks in the main dining room makes for a great night out, but what makes The Delmonico Steakhouse a DESTINATION is their individually planned and prepared tasting menu, available during an evening at their special Kitchen Table. They have a glass room with space for 8, connected to the kitchen where you'll enjoy a special tasting menu prepared by the Chef on duty. And when I say special menu, I mean just that. Chefs are passionate about menu planning and specialty food and they'll give you a 6-8 course meal featuring the steak of course, and many other things not available on their menu, finished with a dessert tray to die for, featured every one of the desserts they offer. This is an Emeril restaurant but you won't see any made for TV dinners here - it's truly an authentic steakhouse with an upscale dining room. For the wine lover, Master sommelier Kevin Vogt will work with the chef to perfectly pair wine with each course. What is special, as of my last visit, is The Delmonico Steakhouse runs independent of the other food services at The Venitian. This means they shop for their own food and manage their own wine collection. So if you enjoy fine wine, perfectly paired with your meal - this is the place for you. This is my #1 all time favorite restaurant. The food is good enough to stand on its own, and because of the special treatment you get at the kitchen table, I've yet to experience anything so great.How much? You'll be shocked and surprised to learn this dining experience isn't terribly expensive. For a little more than you'd spend in the dining room, you get a personal dining experience, about $85 for dinner and wine pairing for about $65.I call this a once in a lifetime experience, even though I've been lucky enough to do it about ten times.
5	This was my third time at an Emeril restaurant, and once again I left feeling that paying $85 to eat dinner was perfectly justified.Appetizer: The traditional New Orleans gumbo.  Smokey, spicy, warm, and comforting.  Entree: Filet mignon, medium.  Crusted with just the right amount of spices, cooked to perfection, and crowned with a healthy pat of herb butter.  Side Dish: Country smashed potatoes.  Clearly filled with more butter and cream than I care to think about, skins left in (love that), and just melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  My friend's side dish: Bacon & cheese grits.  I normally don't like grits, but these were nice and well...gritty, not runny or gloppy.  Add bacon and cheese...c'mon.   Dessert: The best part of the meal.  Wait--probably the best part of my entire Vegas trip.  Warm pecan pie with an oatmeal shortbread cookie crust, topped with homemade vanilla ice cream and caramel sauce.  Just...wow.  The pecans were chopped into manageable pieces, the filling was not overly thick and cloying, and I could have eaten the crust by itself and been happy.  I had a taste of my friend's chocolate bread pudding, which was gooey and intensely chocolatey, but not too sweet.  (It tasted like a combo of semi-sweet & bittersweet.)Drinks: Pretty good.  They don't have a specialty cocktail list since they are very into being a traditional steakhouse, but my pineapple martini was nice.  Decor: Very bare bones- the plain beige walls have no art on them, but that allows you to notice the very ornate architecture of the place, with high ceilings and arches everywhere.  I was too into my food to really care what it looked like though.Service: As always with Emeril's restaurants- impeccable.  We had no less than 3 people taking care of us at all times: one to take our orders, one to bring our food, and one to take it away.  Tip: SHARE an entree.  I split the 9.5 oz. filet mignon with my friend and I'm glad I did.  The average portion is enough for 2 or 3 people.
4	Went here for our first dinner as a married couple in Vegas, and we dropped some decent dough, but it was worth every penny.Started with the calamari which was unbelivable.  Cooked perfectly and the olive salad on top was fantastic.Best Filet Mignon I have ever eaten, hands down.I also highly recommend springing for the garlic mushrooms.  It is a bunch of exotic mushrooms seasoned and sauteed perfectly.  We also had the country smashed potatoes and the creamed spinach, both delicious.Finished off with creme brulee which was decent.  I expected better for the dessert after the fabulous meal.Don't get me wrong, dinner was NOT cheap, but it was fantastic.  The whole dining experience was great.
5	Wow. That Rib Eye Steak was awesome! So were the appetizers, caesar salad, sides, dessert, and wine. We went all out here and ordered much more than our stomachs could handle. But it was all so good I had to eat every last bit and piece.The steak was seasoned and cooked perfectly. It was extremely tasty and was a nice big cut. The service was excellent. The caesar salad which was created table-side was fun to watch and tasted incredible. It would have been nice if they gave us a little bit more time between the salad and when our steaks came out. The steaks were actually waiting for us in the aisle before we had completed our salad.This meal was a fun place to go out with a group and the food was very high quality.
4	The steakhouse is like most traditional steakhouses. The decor was very clean and contemporary. The hostesses weren't all that attractive and would rate about a 5-6 in my scale of looks and their demeanor looked as if they did not really care to be there at all. The dining area is half filled with patrons and business people alike chatting away about their day and how excellent the steak was prepared The beautiful burgundy high leather chairs is a nice touch and their seating area is plush and soft. The booth seating is a high suede sofa like seating and the tables were all lined with clean white linens and set in standard of most fine dining establishments. I took my seat and I was greeted by the waiter and the captain and was asked about my choice of entree. I decided to go with their Filet Mignon and go with my good instincts that this would be the best choice. The chef prepared all the appetizers for a sampling. Classic jumbo shrimp cocktail, Parmesan truffle chips, classic Caesar salad, fried calamari, and mixed green salad. The classic jumbo shrimp cocktail with a extremely spicy cocktail sauce wasn't as good as I expected. The shrimp were cooked well and the shrimp were presented beautifully, however, the spicy cocktail sauce did not please my taste buds or my nostrils for that matter. The sauce was like eating a handful of Wasabi. The extremely addicting truffle Parmesan chips were EXCELLENT and should be ordered every time any patron enters this restaurant. The chips were drizzled with truffle oils and shaved Parmesan cheese and each individual chip melted as you put them in your mouth. The classic Caesar salad had much to desire. The way the salad was prepared was not my idea of a good salad. It was literally a huge chunk of romaine lettuce with the heart in tact served with a plain and unappealing Caesar dressing. I don't like how fancy restaurants can slap a big chunk of romaine lettuce on a plate and call it a classic Caesar salad just to be different. Don't mess with a good thing!The fried calamari was ok at best, not my favorite but definitely worth a taste. The mixed green salad was a way a salad should be prepared and had just the right amount of dressing. The waiter was attentive and knew what drinks were ordered. The plates were cleared but seemed like sometimes dead plates were left around. Not a good sign of service. The entree finally came and the presentation could have been better but the Filet was ammmmazing. The steak knife cut through the Filet like a butter knife through room temperature butter. The steak was cooked to medium rare perfectly and encrusted with some New Orleans style spices. I truly enjoyed the Filet till the very last bite. One thing I do have to mention is the dessert. I would highly recommend the famous Emeril's banana cake. This thing was pure heaven and was absolutely delicious. I could not even describe it in words if I even tried so I won't! So you will have to try it for yourself. Overall the experience was good, food was good but not the best I have tried, and the service was ok by my standards, but my standards can be high. My favorite parts were the Filet and the dessert, the appetizers once again could have been better with the exception of the truffle chips, mmm! delicious! I would recommend this place for dinner or lunch, however, the price can be a little daunting. I was calculating the totals of a appetizer, entree, and dessert and was estimating about 70-100 dollars a person with tip. That can look a little scary for some people, but for the meal and experience I'd say that was definitely worth it! Many thanks for reading. Till next time.
4	We went here on our one date night of our vacation to Vegas. It was everything we could have wished for and more. We had the BBQ Shrimp as an appetizer, shared a salad, he had the rib eye steak and I the Filet Mignon. both of the steaks melted in our mouths. I have never had a steak do that, and I have had a lot of steaks in my time. We had the Country Smashed Potatoes and steamed asparagus as sides. The Steamed asparagus was nothing new, but the potatoes... oh my, they were good. they were like au gratin potatoes with mozzarella cheese. yummo. By the time we were done with all of that, sadly, we did not have room for dessert, but that didn't leave us leaving unhappy... it was quite a lovely experience.
5	Lets start with the fact that I pretty much have given up on fancy corporate owned pretentious restaurants years ago.  I prefer the owner operated versions where you can get top notch ingredients cooked expertly with love and care.  Isn't that what we really want when we dine out? In my case, yep. I have been to several of Emerils restaurants in NOLA as well as the one in the MGM, and this was one fine, and to my surprise, a very fun expierence as well. From the time we walked in we had a hilarious encounter with the hostess.  She informed us that it was an hour wait for the dining room.  We didnt want to wait that long so she offered us the option of sitting at the bar.  Hmm, glanced over and observed a 60ish man and a bouffant haired woman sitting towards the end of the bar, a couple of empty seats to their left, but that was busy with a crowd of men milling about. I jokingly said to the hostess that was not a bad option, but that lady looked like the type that would be doused in perfume which would be a bit of a palate buzz kill. She stated that she was sensitive to that as she was allergic to perfume. I, again joking, suggested she stroll by and test the air. She immediately walked towards the lady doing a perfect "whistle past the graveyard" stroll and raised her nose to the heavens as she passed the suspect. It was absolutely hilarous. Guess we couldnt leave after that, damn glad we stayed. The other reviewers have already testified re; the awesome food, I definetly concur, but wanted to yelp about the personality of some of the staff. Oh, our bartendress/server was a joy as well.
4	When I was looking for a place for dinner for my birthday celebration weekend, this place wasn't really high on my list. When it comes to purses, shoes and sometimes clothes, I'll put down a pretty penny or hundred for nice stuff. But when it comes to food, I think to myself, "Is it really worth the cost to put something in only to have it come out?" In this case, "Yes!" Okay... Sort of... I ordered the boneless Ribeye and a side of broccoli. Ribeye was good - just enough flavor and not too salty. Being the carnivore that I am, I was shocked that I really enjoyed the broccoli too. It was as perfect as steamed vegetables could get. It was bright green from top to bottom and crispy, not mushy. My sister had pasta with shrimp. I must say, though there was shrimp on her plate, they were not "shrimp" at all! They were huge!! Seriously, Delmonico must get their produce, seafood and meat from "Food Heaven R Us" or something. Although the food was good, I would say the service is what gives Delmonico 4-stars. Again, I'm not a frequent fine diner. So, to have my water glass filled up every time it gets low to having another (delicious) roll magically appear on my plate just as I suck in the last mouthful is fantastic! I'd even go so far as to say they'd probably spray the air around me with something fragrant once the broccoli hit you know where. Now I can see why it's worth it to pay at least $50 for dinner. Thanks Emeril!
5	I took a group of eight to Delmonico for business. My party included a number of foodies, including a couple that prided themselves on having been to the best steakhouses around. Most people had steak and Delmonico fared extremely well, with one person saying it was one of the two best steakhouses he had ever been to. We enjoyed the appetizers -- Emeril sure knows his barbequed shrimp! Sides were excellent, including asparagus, creamed corn, and au gratin potatoes. I had the salmon, which was extremely flavorful and perfectly prepared (despite being farm raised). The wine list is extensive and impressive, although finding a reasonably priced bottle was a challenge. Service was truly exceptional.We had appetizers to share for the whole table, top-end entrees, and two desserts.  Also quite a few bottles of wine (albeit on the lower end of the price list) and several after dinner drinks.  With tax and tip the meal was a bit over $150/person.  Clearly not a budget place, but for a top Las Vegas restaurant and for the amount we ordered I thought this very reasonable.  You could easily blow the budget on that wine list though!
4	Even though many people don't like Emeril, I actually like him (and his show) because it's entertaining.  So, I naturally had to try this place.I liked the service and the ambiance at the restaurant.  Food was delicious, but not to the point where I would return for a second outing.  I asked the host if I can pick up my bone-in steak with my hand and eat.  His answer: "Only if you lift up your pinky."  Ha, clever!Food + Wine for two people came out to just under $200 before tip.  Thank you to my wonderful friend in Las Vegas for paying for this dinner!
3	came here with a group of 16 for the fiance's 30th birthday weekend -- 14 adults plus 2 little kiddos (ages 4 and 6).  the service was outstanding!!!  our group of 16 had to be split into 2 circular tables next to each other which made it really difficult to socialize w/each other.  however i really really appreciated how attentive the waiters were, and they treated my little nephews really well too.  i was pleasantly surprised when they offered the boys kids meals consisting of grilled cheese sandwiches and french fries :)now...for the food review.  first off i must clarify, i do not eat beef so my review is for the lamb chop.  lamb is usually a gamble for me because i only like it if its cooked right and does not smell lamb-ey.  my lamb chop was ehhhh.  the meat portion was HUGE, but only the outside was tasty.  the entire inside of my meal was verrrrry gamey -- which i do not like.  we ordered the creamed spinach, potatoes, and mushrooms to share.  they tasted like --- creamed spinach, potatoes, and mushrooms.  really nothing special.  everyone else seemed to enjoy their steaks, but if there's a next time maybe i'll try the pork chop instead.
5	Delmonico's is easily a 5-star restaurant, but not because there is a famous name (Emeril Lagasse) associated with the restaurant -- but because the food is simply exceptional. This is fine dining without the pretentiousness of stuffy, overpriced, mini-portion restaurants. We happened to be staying at the Venetian Hotel & Casino and made reservations to Delmonico's, which is on the premises. There was about a 1-minute wait and we were quickly whisked away to a candlelit table. The restaurant itself is very simple yet elegant; nothing over the top, flashy or obnoxious. The lighting is perfect; not too dark and the wait staff is extremely attentive and prompt.Delmonico's is known for their steak; the bone-in rib eye steak. This slab of meat is prime and comes with a nice price tag. If you're at Delmonico's -- ya might as well go for it, chump!For starters, I had the Lobster Bisque Soup; thick, creamy and packed with flavor. I absolutely loved it! Best Lobster Bisque I have ever had. It came adorned with a polenta type cake in the middle. I am not sure if it was polenta or dried shrimp cake -  or even bread, but it didn't matter as it all happily made its way down my belly. We also tried the crab meat cake; fresh chunks of crab atop a puff pastry and dressed with tomatoes, lima beans, asparagus and all sorts of good spring veggies. Amazing! I decided to try the Rack of Lamb with the Twice Baked Potatoes. Jeff went with the Rib Eye Steak and Baked Potato. The Lamb was head-spinning! Topped with a rich sauce and truffles! Perfectly cooked and moist and tender and gaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhh! I can't rave enough. The steak was just as good -- even the fatty pieces were delicious. The food, the service, the atmosphere, the attention to detail, the $25 corking fee -- all was worth the price. Definitely a place to experience while out in SIN CITY!
5	went for a bachelor party dinner in oct 08...so amazing! service could not have been any better. sides were amazing, but if you get the rib eye..you wont need them. manager came to our party to make sure everything was as we liked. very impressive.
4	I really enjoyed the meal at Delmonico's, but from the first impression to the last, I still felt that the ambience was a bit missing.  We walked by on our first day and toyed with the idea of going into the bar for the steak tartare appetizer; this was on Friday afternoon.  The bar seemed a bit reserved and not very happening, compared to the bars at B&B and others in the Venetian/Shops.  We kept looking.  Then, when we had decided to go for a nice steak dinner on the Sunday evening during our Vegas trip, we looked at several options, including Capital Grille and Cut, but this seemed the easiest, and most promising, given the amount of time we had.  We arrived ahead of our required arrival (10pm, we needed to arrive at 9:45) in more than enough time to get a pre-dinner drink at the bar.  The problem was, now their bar area was COMPLETELY dead and looked somewhat like a closed coffee shop.  Uh oh...  We opted for the bar across the way at B&B, which was very nice.  We came back for our meal.  Waitress was very nice and professional; they seated us right away.  We got the tartare appetizer and the Chateaubriand for two.  The tartare appetizer was good; uniquely served with not only a side of their own prepared mustard, but also chopped hardboiled egg, not raw, mixed in.  The tartare was quite good and attractively presented.  The Chateaubriand was delicious, served tableside and cut there, with the smashed potatoes and the vegetable of the day, the green beans with drawn butter.  It was superb.  The meat was served approximately medium rare, slightly rarer in the thicker cuts.  The end cuts, of course, were slightly more well done.  It was a delicious meal for two and expertly seasoned.  We shared the cappuccino cheesecake for dessert which was a unique flavor combination of the cappuccino flavored cake, the hazelnut sauce/topping with the sugared lemon slice; the flavors all worked together, and the cheesecake was delicious.  I had wine (Zinfandel) with dinner; excellent.  My husband got the mojito served with coca leaf syrup; also good.  Overall the food was fabulous, the service stellar.  But, the ambience, a bit stiff, a bit stodgy; not as friendly as the Palm in BH or at Ruth's Chris BH or Morton's BH.  Also the decor, a bit too expected, a bit too safe and upscale coffee-shop-ish.  The waitresses are also required to wear true menswear shirts and ties and I didn't particularly care for the masculinizing of a waitress just in an attempt for them to appear overly professional.  Overall it ranks about a 4.25...I'd try it again, but there are too many steakhouses, and too little time.  A great meal, set us back over $200 for two with our drinks, appetizer, dessert and the Chateaubriand.
5	Delmonico's is an interesting venue for dining. My first impression was that the decor was very understated for a "quality dining"experience.As we waited a short time for our table to be prepared, we were invited to the lounge and bar - it was not impressive.The table selection, at first seemed unimpressive, but after a short while we began to appreciate our location.We were seated near the entrance to the dining room, but were hoping for a table deep into the interior.Asthe evening proceeded, we found that we could have a very fine conversation, while those dining well into the room had to raise the level of their conversation just to be heard over the din coming from  the remainder of the room.  The first component of the five star trating came with the extensive wine list.The wine list will amaze anyone. A selection for every taste .....  The service is also five star. Any need you have will be well attended at Delmonico's.I have a hard time believing that I went to one of the very best steakhouses in Las Vegas and ordered Salmon.I thought if Emeril Lagasse is associated with this steakhouse then the fish selections would be first rate.I was not wrong !I enjoyed the crabcake appetizer -  it was just supurb.The BBQ Salmon was astoundingly good and cooked to perfection. A wealth of flavor in every bite. The steaks ordered by the rest of the table were huge and exceedingly good.The table shared a chocolate blackberry cake for desert and it was the perfect pair for a fine selection of tawny Port.Once again, the service provided by the staff was excellent throughout the meal. Simply an amazing dining experience.First class all the way ...........
4	We've tried qutie a few steakhouses and restaurants in Las Vegas and I think this is one of our favorite in Vegas.   Their steaks are so much more flavorful, tender, juicy and just cooked perfectly.  We've tried many hyped up ones but they fail to meet our expectations. with Demonico, we were not disappointed at all. this is off topic but since we are talking about steakhouses, stay away from "the cut" restaurant at palazzo, not good, not worth it. see my review on it if you need to.
4	While at Vegas, our friends out of the blue, wanted to go eat at a nice restaurant for dinner since it was fight night and all the clubs would have a long line. They made the reservations around 4pm for a 9:30pm dinner, so making reservations last minute isn't a problem.Though we arrived on time, we had to wait at least 15 minutes to get seated, so we just waited at the bar. I thought the bar area looked better than the actual dining area itself. It was modern and sleek, with a piano situated at the far side of the room.Our hostess took us into the dining area, where we were immediately greeted by our smiling waitress. Very attentive, nice, and down to earth, explained the specials and menu to us. Meanwhile, the busboys/girls gave us hot bread, which my Filipino friends said tasted like Filipino bread. It was topped with finely grated cheese and salt, and they loved it. Our waters were constantly refilled before it was even half empty.We all ordered either the rib-eye off the bone ($42), or the bone in rib-eye ($46). 14 to 16 oz. for the rib-eye. I tried both the steaks and they tasted the same to me. It was dry-aged 14 days, which you could tell when you sliced the meat with your knife. Tender, flavorful, delicious! I loved that the sides were encrusted with pepper and salt. My other friend ordered the filet-mignon, which she could not finish. I loved how it melted in your mouth and it was also very flavorful. We got the country smashed potatoes, the baked idaho potato, and the roasted fingerling potatoes. The roasted fingerling potatoes tasted the best. I thought it was perfect the way it was salted. The other 2 potatoes didn't stand out to me. Decor was minimal and sort of disappointing. The bathrooms were kind of disgusting to me because it seemed as if they didn't clean it much. The meal was delicious, but I still love Mastro's more! At the end of our meal, one of the waiters kept coming by our table asking us if we needed help with our bill (because we had a party of 9). He came FIVE TIMES. It was SUPER annoying and it seemed that he was afraid we'd dine and run or something just because it was taking awhile for us to figure out how to calculate tax and tip and collecting money from people.I'd definitely come here again, but after I try other steakhouses in Vegas!
4	My experience at Delmonico Steakhouse was well-above average, but not as fantastic as I thought it would be.  First off, although we had made reservations well in advance, we had to wait over 20 minutes for our table.  All was not completely lost, however, since we passed the time in Delmonico's classy little, modish bar area where we got started on our red wine for the evening. There was a bit of confusion amongst the servers shortly after we were seated, and we experienced a delay in receiving our selection of bottled waters for our table.  At Delmonico, they give you the option of choosing from a few types of bottled and mineral waters for an additional charge, or you can request just regular,complimentary tap water. After the initial delay, our water glasses were refilled continuously throughout the meal, however. Like most five star restaurants, at Delmonico Steakhouse, you receive service from several members of the waitstaff, which ensures constant attention and most of your dining needs are met without even having to request anything.The interior of the steakhouse was minimalist, with tables covered in cream colored linens and simple, modern brown leather chairs for seating. The space had a slightly Mediterranean feel due to its coved ceilings.  No doubt because the restaurant is located inside the Venetian Hotel, they wanted to maintain a slightly Italian theme througout. The restaurant, which was was packed with patrons, was also very loud.  I think the coved ceilings were extremely conducive to the noise level contained in the dining room.  This combined with brighter than desired lighting, created a slightly less intimate dining experience than were were anticipating.  The food was very good, however.  We started with the crabcake, and it was tender, buttery and delicious.  Followed by that, were our iceberg wedge salads with bacon, blue cheese and all the yummies.  Hubby ordered the bone-in ribeye, and I ordered the bone-in NY strip, both were cooked to medium perfection.  For sides, we shared a huge, delicious baked potato with sour cream, bacon, green onions and cheddar. For dessert, we shared the caramel creme brulee, and it was very, very good.Overall, we enjoyed our meal very much, and we would return here again for the food.  Our experience was just was not over-the-top fabulous because of the noise and lighting factors.
4	Emril Lagasi's snazzy steak house at the Venetian.  The big brown leather chairs have stuck in my mind.  Filet was cooked to perfection.  Service was very attentive.  We left happy.  Will probably head back after experiencing some more of what Vegas has to offer.  So much to see... so little time!I would give it 4.5 stars if I could, but I am going to have to agree about the ambiance - a bit on the bright side (sights n'sound).  In the end, Delmonico's seemed to be a consistent and classic dining experience.
5	One of the best meals we've ever had.  the staff was very friendly, the prices a bit high but worth it.  We got the chicken, the shrimp pasta and the the petite beef medallions.  The chicken tasted a little gamey to me but the shrimp pasta and the beef medallions were great.  the portions were also reasonable.  We didn't drink or order any appetizers but 3 entrees and the meal was about $150 total.  Not bad for a wonderful meal for 3 ppl.  One of the best meals I've ever had and I've been to a lot of Emeril's places and this is the best by far.  Gotta go.
5	He may be a TV celebrity chef, but you can't take away credit where credit is due: Emeril is a fantastic restaurateur.  My wife and I have dined here twice; the first time because we were staying at the Venetian and the second time we purposely came back to eat here on one of our anniversaries while staying in Vegas.  In short this is a fantastic formal steakhouse experience all around.  What sold us was the Chateaubriand for two. Expertly cooked and finished off by table side with a flame of cognac for that over-the-top Vegas style experience.  Quite possibly one of the most memorable steaks we've had in our life. Tender with an explosion of flavor when you take a bite, mmm.  There are several wonderful side dishes you can choose to complement the meat and so far we haven't been disappointed in any of them whether you go for the vegetable of the day (garlic pan fried green beans the last time were there) or the bacon and cheddar grits, mashed potatoes, or baked potato. Oh and for your prerequisite greenery before the meat course they also do a fantastic Caesar salad prepared at table side for 2 as well.  Desert? Yes please!  You can't go wrong with their caramel cream brulee but everything on their dessert menu looked sweetly decadent.  I don't think I need bother describing the wine or drink menu here other than this is Vegas after all and if you possibly couldn't find what you're after here to complement your meal then I'm sure they could get it for you.
5	Being that I am in real estate, I can't tell you how excited I was to be treated to a chi-chi expensive dinner that probably ended up costing the equivalent to what I budget for two weeks of groceries...per person, mind you!I was in town for a work conference and one of our clients was gracious enough to invite all of his brokers to dinner. I'm not much of a carnivore but..when in Rome! It would be plain dumb of me to choose fish in a place known for their steak. That would be like ordering a hamburger at a Chinese restaurant.Here's the nitty gritty:Starter: Caesar Salad (made table side for 2): Shared w/ my co-worker. Best damn caesar salad I've ever had! They even mix the dressing fresh.Main Entree:Filet Mignon - medium rare: I think I died and went to beef heaven. So tender. So perfectly seasoned. So perfectly cooked! I'd be tempted to convert to carnivor-ism if I could eat like this more often.Sides (a la carte):We ordered a bunch for the table to share family styleCreamed spinach - yum-o in my tum-oSauteed garlic mushrooms - shroomerificTruffle Parmesan potato chips - the classiest chips on the block & a hit at the table. We fought over the chip with the most truffles.Dessert (again, shared family style):Butterscotch pudding - not to sweet - just right but a taste was enough for me.Chocolate Brioche Bread Pudding - I liked all the layers and it wasn't overly rich The service was absolutely impeccable. Water glasses were never allowed to go half empty - they were promptly refilled by super observant waiters with bottled water in hand. Whenever someone left their chair to use the restroom, they came back to their napkin, neatly refolded and they'll pull your chair out for you to sit.I've never seen a more professional or attentive group - and that in itself justifies their high prices.Come here and dine like royalty!
5	Best steak I ever had. Staff is great. Went there for my 40th B-day. Couldn't get a table in the restraurant so host suggested we try the bar. Bartender was great, got us 4 seats on the bar with a full menu. Steak was incredible. We my wife told him it was my B-day he brought us a banana foster dessert. Completely unexpected and very thoughtful. Really made for a great evening. Now, every time we go to Vegas we go there for dinner. I don't know which is better, the food or the service.
4	Awesome Steaks! I have never seen a piece of prime rib so big! Nothing jumped out  at  me as exceptional but over all it was very tasty. Waiter was very knowedgable about the wine list which was a plus!
4	A fancy steakhouse with minimal decor, Delmonico's was recommended as the best place for steak in Vegas by several people.  Everything was very tasty and well seasoned, but we didn't find the food to be spectacular as expected.  Not sure if it was all the alcohol we have been consuming the past 2 days, but none of us could finish out 16 ounce steak - which was a damn disgrace in our books.  Though overall the experience was good, we doubt we would return anytime soon because there are just so many other steakhouses in the city to try out.
5	One of the best meals of my life.  My friends and I were celebrating in Vegas, and looking for a place to do it up.  A $50 bottle of French wine later and the meal we had was filling, hedonistic, awesome, whatever superlative I could give.The appetizers were great; I had gumbo, and split barbeque shrimp and butternut squash ravioli with duck confit on top.  Portions for apps were not  teeny, which was impressive, because honestly I expected it to be.Then comes the main course.  All four of us split the chateaubriand, which was tender, carved tableside, and delicious.  The crust of the steak was delicious as well.  Almost as impressive were the side dishes; truffle parmesan potato chips and creamed corn (Yes, who thought Creamed Corn could emerge from the cafeteria lunch as a DELICIOUS side dish).Yes, it's expensive; it's Vegas.  But I was very impressed with the quality.  Will gladly go back when I have more $.
5	If I had to choose between Delmonico or Carnevino Ribeye, the choice is simple. Delmonico. Two amazing restaurants, two different styles, but personal preference would land me at Delmonico.W-O-W. Flavorful steak, HUGE portions, it was really, really hard to hide my semi while I was tearing into the meat. Great side dishes like garlic mushrooms, amazing peach cobbler for dessert, great red wine, attentive wait staff... pure bliss. Better than wearing my clown suit at an elementary school. Way better. Well... no, that's a bold statement. But it's friggin close.
3	I thought that this steakhouse house would be an awesome meal being that it is an Emeril restaraunt and a fine dinning establisent in the Palazzo! I dont get how some people say this is the best steak they have ever had! They must either not get out much or believe the Outback Steakhouse is a fantastic place to get a steak. Great waiters and staff that met your needs however the food doesn't compair! Now the unique style of your meal will be a delight in being the flavor of your steak or the style in which the meal is plated! I have eaten in many steakhouses and still yet nothing compares to Mastros, the ultimate steakhouse in the United States! I do give Emeril or the chef who cooked my steak credit in which the steak had an awesome flavor in every bite i took but still the meal is nothing more than average! I would give Delmonico's a 3 1/2 star!
4	Had solo lunch at a table. The service here is some of the best I've ever encountered, hands down. Lunch may be a little more casual than dinner but there was no evidence of it in the level of professionalism. As time permitted, the staff really appreciated chatting about food and restaurants.I enjoyed the rich, super savory lobster bisque immensely. A meal in itself. The cajun salmon - featuring a nice salmon filet, french fried onions, and andouille hash - was prettty delicious. The best thing in this dish was the perfectly-cooked and seasoned salmon. While important to the overall combination, the cajun sauce was a little too gelatinous and as a result its sweetness was more cloying in my opinion. I thought had it been thinner it would have blended in more without overpowering with its texture. Overall the dish was very tasty.Delmonico's is extremely formal and professional but still has the makings of a fun place. I'd have to try their steaks to be able to really give it five stars.Reviewing other food in a steak place isn't completely fair.
5	Delmonico's again??? Yep, because it's that good.  Garrett was our head waiter and did everything perfect.  Calamari was cajun style and different and awesome, loved the italian green olives in it.  The BBQ shimp was out of this world, u have to love paprika (warning) because if u don't you'll hate this dish, it's so heavy with paprika it might cause your hypothalamus to kick up a notch....bam!  Yeah I fit an emeril into the review...i'm awesome.  Bone In Ribeyes and Filets...all good,  one ribeye came out medium well (ordered medium rare) quick to fix but it came out rare....quick to fix again, 3rd time a charm and taken off the bill.  Small hiccup.  Wine list is dizzying and you should ask, unless you know what you're doing.  Complimentary Banana Cream Pie (awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!) and Sassparilla Ice Cream Root Beer Float (most likely due to steak mess up) gladly accepted, add a little bourbon to that root beer and you would take an excellent drink and make it memorable. Again, another 5 starer from Delmonico's and oh service is top notch.
4	Delmonico's is always a solid choice for quality meal. The service has always been attentive & professional and the food is always top notch. The wine list is also quite impressive with a wide variety.Steaks are their specialty and are always a safe bet, but they do have other items. Last time we went I had the sea bass, which was quite tasty.  As always, try to leave room for the banana cream pie!The other places have a certain vibe to it that feels like it would be an Emeril Lagasse restaurant, for some reason this one doesn't. Don't get me wrong, it's a great place, it just didn't 'feel' like an Emeril's.
4	This is a good steak place but not like the best steak ever, it's owned by Emeril, so most of the dishes has this unique Creole / Louisianna taste...If your staying at the Venetian this is a good place to get your steak fix =)...
4	Vegas is one of the few places in the U.S. where dining inside a hotel is cool and worth the extra green. Boy, did Emeril hit all the right notes on this little gem. It's both romantic and fun, warm and cool, and definitely a little trendy.I ordered the Quayle- off the chart delicious. The three other people I was with also loved their food. The wait staff does that stealthy stalking... you know... where one second you're staring into down into an empty H2O glass and then the next- it's completely full. Overall a great experience.
4	7 girls, after a long 4 hour drive, arrived at the Venetian on a mission for some hearty steak.  Delmonico was the answer to our problem.  We were so exhausted that we didn't even bother pretty-ing ourselves up before hand...dumped out bags and headed straight to dinner.  We were worried that our shorts and flip-flop attire wasn't going to cut it but aside from some dirty stares from some of the other guests, the wait staff kindly turned their heads.  The service was impeccable.   They started us off with a goat cheese puff pastry to cleanse our pallets, compliments of the chef.  All of us buddied up and ordered the Bone-in Ribeye Steak...which was plenty to go around.  Tasty, it sure was but I'd have to say, I've had better.  The garlic mushrooms, creamed corn, cheddar bacon grits, and sauteed asparagus sides were great compliments set in the middle of the table for all of us to share.  We were seated at a circular table which was ideal for conversation instead of screaming across a long table.  By dessert, we were stuffed...next time for sure.  Since we didn't order any wine to compliment the dinners that we all split, Delmonico left the robbing of our $$ to the casinos.  I know if I went with just my boyfriend, it'd be one less night we could stay at the Venetian.
5	Loved it! Went to Delmonico Steakhouse a few days ago with a group of friends, and absolutley loved the food and the service. The Service:  The service was impeccable.  I've seen better (well only one other place could beat their service) but Delmonico put Ruth's Chris and Mortons to SHAME. Yes, I said it... to shame.  That's how great they are. Drank one inch of water, and was immediately refilled with another inch.  Drank one inch of wine, and was immediately refilled.  Food was brought on very reasonable time.  Though if I could complain, I would've wanted the staff to be a little more friendlier.  Felt they were being a little less friendly because of our age.  But I'll let it slide.The food: I can complain NOTHING about the food! The food was fantastic.  The best steak I've ever ate, hands down! Was worth every penny (or should I say dollar).  Even the baked potato was super good (and it's just a regular baked potato!) Its as good as it gets.I would highly recommend this place for a business meeting or a date.  It's just a wonderful eating experience.  Would definitely come back again, Emeril did not disappoint!
4	Great meal, would be excellent but I had to send my steak back for a little more cooking (I said medium to well and it was more on the medium side - I am a bit picky with that).The service was perfect, however. Didn't have to wait long for anything, and I really like that the whole table is served at the same time, it's a nice subtle touch. Very attentive and friendly service.I enjoyed the experience and was not disappointed even going in with a high expectation.
4	I've been here for a total of 3 times.. I think.. This was my FIRST ever formal ass restaurant.. My family and I got the special treatment, the taste test.. It was a 6 course meal and it was just too good. First they came out with the chips, something good to pick at until more food came out.. Soup, a refreshing trio platter that consist of fruit, crab meat, and a small salad. Then a piece of salmon topped with a thinly, crunchy slice of potato on top w/ veggies and a to die for sauce.. Then lamb with risotto. The risotto wasn't cooked to my liking but I was super full to even finish this..I was finally excited for the dessert platter. It was a FULL plate of all the desserts they offered.. Pecan pie, bread pudding, a chocolate cake, cheesecake, and banana cake. My personal fave was their bread pudding and pecan pie.. MmmmmIf my brother wasn't one of the chefs here we wouldve paid ridiculous amounts of money.. I havent been here in a hot sec and I really want to go back..Very trendy and chic restaurant in the lovely Venetian hotel.. Service is  EXCEPTIONAL. If you have the money - its a MUST try and judge for yourself..
5	Let this sink in for a second - THE GREATEST DINING EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE.  I'm a foodie - and that really means a lot coming from me.  If you ever go to Vegas and want to take your wife, fiance, girlfriend, mother or mistress to an unbelievable experience - take them there.It was my Anniversary and my wife and I went to the Venetian for our big meal.  When we arrived, the hostess greeted us with a "Happy Anniversary" and sent us into the lounge for a drink on the house.  When our table was ready, they brought us into the dining room - where I see Tom Brady and Giselle Bunchen.  I nod to Tom, and he shoots me with his finger gun.  It was great!!  So we sit down, I am glowing - I learn that we have the best service ever coming our way. Our bus boy and two waiters were waiting for us with a free little sample appetizer for our Anniversary.  The dinner was splendid - it is an Emeril owned restaurant afterall.  We had a very memorable Banana Foster Bread Pudding with Cookies and Cream.  Best dessert ever.  I highly recommend Delmonico Steakhouse to anyone looking for a nice meal for a special occasion.  Great food, perfect service.  Five Stars!
5	The best bone-in rib eye steak I've ever had.  I recommend getting it medium so the fatty goodness gets enough heat.The calamari and truffle oil potato chips were also fantastic.The service was nice and professional.The bill was huge.
5	Emeril knows his steaks!  I went here 2 nights in a row (1) business dinner with clients (2) took my bf out for his bday.  Both times were excellent, did not disappoint.  Well, the business dinner was actually better since I didn't have to pay!  When in Vegas, you must indulge, so why not here - the service is top notch, the food is to die for.  Wonderfully cooked steaks, the sides are awesome.  Dessert was also great. Funny story - there was a group of about 6 older gentlemen at the table next to us.  We had already paid (I paid) and were just about to leave and they asked me to take their photo.  They said they were on their yearly guys trip, and wanted a photo.  After I took their picture, one of the guys said I did a "good thing" back there when he saw me paying for us :)  He said I was "a good woman." One gripe - for our business dinner, we had a party of about 16 and they sat us at 2 tables in the main dining area.  That kind of stunk because we wanted to sit all together so we could all chat, but we had to split up, it was a little uncomfortable.
5	Just got back from Vegas and our second visit to Delmonico. We had the Filet Medallions($48) and they were Heavenly ! They had a carmelized onion,Mushroom mixture with a Parmesan crust that absolutely sent them into Orbit !!!!! Not to mention the Prime Dry Aged Filet that was literally "Cake" tender and had a deep beef flavor. We also had the Jumbo Australian Lobster tail that was sweet and cooked to perfection in a white wine reduction with aromatic veggies/herbs($95).May I also suggest the Bone In Ribeye($55) which is the house specialty....it's to die for !!!!  In regards to attire it seems like a dressy place but folks were showing up with Tommy Bahama Shirts,Shorts and flip flops and were seated without question and some were "dudded up". My wife and I ate for about $200 but it was worth every penny !This a must stop for a special dinner if your a steak lover !!!!   Oh....our table as well as everyone else's had four servers and a host !!!! Exemplary Service
5	The best steak and the best service.  I just wish there was a Delmonico around where I live.  My boyfriend and I travel to Las Vegas just for Delmonico.  We absolutely love it!
5	My hubby and I had date night here before seeing Zumanity- This was one of the best steaks I have ever had. We are from Texas, so we know good steak. I got mine crusted with Blue Cheese. We had the garlic mushrooms and 2x baked potato. The atmosphere is great and the dessert was AMAZNG. We had the Banana cream pie. To die for!!! We booked online!!!
5	Best meal EVER! (also the most expensive...but worth it).The food was just unbelieveable. We had a special gnocchi/lump crab appetizer, wedge salad, filet & ribeye, roasted potatoes w/garlic, and pecan pie for dessert. Food coma! Everything was absolutely perfect and the service was excellent. Highly recommended for a special occasion.
5	This is the second Emerill Lagasse restaurant I've been to and it was just as amazing as the first one (the fish house at MGM).  Two completely different types of cuisines but both restaurants had amazing food and outstanding service.  My friends ordered the bone in rib eye and the rib eye and thought it was one of the best steaks they've had.  I ordered the pork loin which came with two pieces of pork belly as well and it was cooked to perfection...very tender and moist.  And I must emphasize that service was top notch at all levels...starting from the host to the bartenders to our server to the staff!  A must try when you're in Sin City!
4	Was good but there are places just as good or  better for less money. I would not return if I am paying the bill. I rated a 4 because it is good
4	I'm struggling to figure out why I am rating this four stars instead of five. I guess that five stars is perfection and nothing is perfect, right? We (me, wife, and my parents) at here on Sunday, August 2, at 7:00. We reserved via OpenTable and were promptly seated in a very nice location. Even though the restaurant was busy the tables on either side of us were kept empty until we were leaving, which was a very nice touch. My wife and I, and my parents, were celebrating our wedding anniversaries, and I noted this with OpenTable. This was communicated to the restaurant and they treated us very nice. The service was extremely good. Each table is assigned three people: a head waiter, an assistant waiter, and a buser. All were very polite and professional. The buser was a bit green but that is OK; her mistakes were very minor. The head waiter was exceptional - I don't remember his name and I feel bad for not being able to call him out and recognize him here. The second waiter was also very good; again, I forget her name. Very good bread was brought to the table and a complimentary appetizer was served to us that consisted of a very yummy chicken salad. My wife and I ordered the table-side Caesar salad and it was worth the $30. The table-side preparation is neat to watch, and she did a great job with it. The entire salad is made from scratch at the table. This Caesar goes right to the top of my list as my very favorite Caesar and almost makes up for the beat-down I got at the Palazzo's craps table right before dinner. My dad ordered a shrimp cocktail that looked excellent. My dad and I both had the boneless rib eye and my mom and wife split the filet. It was all good; in fact, I could have used a smaller steak. The waiter said it was 14-16 ounces but this was definitely bigger. For sides we ordered the asparagus, which I don't eat, and the small potatoes with garlic, which were very good. I had a root beer float for dessert - I liked the fact that there were some old favorites on the dessert menu, including peach cobbler. With two bottles of wine (at $65/bottle) we spent over $400 (before tip) on dinner but all agreed that it was money well spent. About the only negative is the couple who brought a very small child (6 months?) into the restaurant with them. The baby wasn't doing well and cried somewhat - shame on the parents.
2	Delmonico in Las Vegas by Emeril Lagasse is not as impressive as I would expect it would be. First we are given a really lousy table in the corner as if my husband has been very bad that he deserve to be punished in the corner(considering this is his special day-b-day). Waiters are clueless, they are just standing in the middle but most of the time really doing nothing that in few ocassions I have to pour my own wine in my glass. The head waiter is the only one who seems to be working and who do know what to do here.            We are given a small apetizer courtesy of the chef bec of my husbands b-day which is a good touch, I love this little appetizer (not in the menu, wish it was there because that would be the only highlight of the evening) a concoction of smoke chicken with couscous with a little spices, the taste is all balance and in harmony.           The fried green tomatoes appetizer is bland, whatever coating and sauce they put in there didnt help at all.  The spinach and raddichio salad is soaked on its own dressing which you cannot even tell which dressing it is, salads when presented are supposed to be crisp, so make sure you only put the dressing when it is ready to be eaten, very disappointing since the head weater gladly recommended this dish.          My husband ordered Bone in Ribeye Steak, huge, cooked perfect but no taste or seasoning at all, it would need some sort of sauce to make it appetizing.  Filet mignon is OK, just like any other filet mignon, nothing great about it.         Luckily there's one dish that is worth mentioning, the potato gratin dauphineous, excellent, potato perfectly cooked, not much cream, hint of garlic and toasty top, excellent!        Going back? No way, very expensive and I'm not happy.
5	My husband and I have enjoyed Emeril's restaurants. But when we tried Delmonico's, it was unbelievable. We had the best meal ever. It's worth the money. I think it's the best of all Emeril's restaurants. I have no more words, speachless. You all should to try it.
3	Overall, this is a good option for a high-end steakhouse.I order the filet mignon medallions and they were incredible. The turn-off for me was the service.  Super slow service and I felt that we were at times treated like second-class citizens.Oh well!
5	What will it be? Wolfgang's CUT or Emeril's Delmonico's? This time, Emeril cuisine reigns supreme! BAMM! We brought in our energy from the casino right into the restaurant. We were feeling lucky and adventurous. We started off with cocktails-- martinis with blue cheese stuffed olives/$15 a pop... okay. Next, on to the salads. I ordered the spinach & radicchio w/herb crusted  goat cheese salad and he had the wedge. My salad was crazy delish! Talk about a mean salad w/the perfect combination. The salad came with a scone sized amount of goat cheese. It was so satisfying-- my goodness. The wedge was a standard wedge with loads of bacon bits. It was good. My salad was a perfect 10. I had the  salmon with roasted potatoes and sausage and my date had the bone-in rib-eye. My salmon was a generous portion and smokey-sweet in taste. It was decadent. I tasted the bone-in rib eye and man, it was perfectly cooked with all the moisture and flavor locked right in every bite. The creamed spinach was a nice side dish. I was very impressed with the service and ambiance. Delmonico's is classy and consistent to the other Delmonico's in the valley and BHills. For dessert, we had the peach cobbler and the homemade ice cream made the dessert. I was pleased with our choice-- next time we'll alternate between both restaurants... P.S. Scott M. was very helpful in offering us tips throughout the night. He was attentive and funny, too. Thanks for the good time! All in all, "fine-dining restaurant, foodies joint, steakhouse"The damage: $350Worth it? ABSOLUTELY YES. The boyfriend got extra kisses!
4	I took my wife here for our anniversary last year. The service was outstanding (I think we had three waiters just for our table) and the food was excellent. I had the sea bass and she had the pork chops, both were cooked perfectly and tasted wonderful. For desert they had root beer ice cream and I swear it felt like it was carbonated. The decor was OK but they could do a little more.
4	its about on par with craft steak...the sides were ok...the prime rib was superb...me likey
3	is it okay not to rave about this place? apologies to emeril. i think you're cool. really, i do.visited the land of sin about a month ago and went to dinner at Delmonico. i was impressed with the steak, but extremely underwhelmed with the appetizers and sides.shared a new york strip steak, cooked medium rare, with a friend. de-f'ing-licious. i didn't really like or crave steak until a recent trip to puerto rico (a food story for another time) but now i think i've learned to appreciate the awesomeness of a giant hunk of meat. the waiter was nice enough to split the steak onto two places, and it was sooooo good.however.the appetizers and sides were another story.- truffle parmesan potato chips - supposedly a specialty, but i found these too oily (yea yea, i know. truffle oil.) and too rich.- bbq shrimp w/ rosemary biscuit - came with 4 (i think) sizable shrimp, but i found it too salty, and really nothing special.- creamed spinach - very ehhhh. i've had better.- sauteed garlic mushrooms - okay, so you can't go wrong with garlic & mushrooms. these were a bit oily too, but pretty good none-the-less.
2	This place is about as bland as vanilla ice cream.... there is no style to the dining room, the service is slow and quiet, the steaks well... I have had much better... the only good is the deserts are very good, and the palce has a great wine list (albeit very pricey)... Vegas can do better (and it does)
4	I wanted to get a nice steak while in Vegas.  There were several options in Venetian/Palazzo alone.  I picked this one because, well, bam!  No but I figured a guy like Emeril Lagasse would make sure his steakhouse served a nice steak.The decor inside is nice and clean, not a whole lot going on.  The opposite of a Red Robin, say.  Service was duly attentive.  Caesar salad prepared table-side was a treat.  We went with cocktails over wine from the rather pricey and extensive wine list.  I didn't even eyeball the list personally.  But a generous portion of Bombay Sapphire satisfied nicely.  I went with a bone-in New York, medium-rare.  It was cooked expertly.  It had great texture and flavor, a nice creole seasoning rub on there but not too heavily applied.  The beef did the talking.  Or the mooing.  It was good.  Only ordered one side on account of a late lunch and we're not rich: mushrooms sauteed in butter.  I feared some pain old sauteed buttons would come out.  But I was rewarded.  A hearty mix of flavorful 'shrooms, like oyster and chantrelle and maybe porcini or shiitake came out.  Lovely.  And buttery.  and Garlicky.
4	Went here for our 1 year wedding anniversary and we were very pleased with our visit with some exceptions...We ordered:Appetizer: CalamariI liked it, but it was way too much for 2 people.  I think I could have done it without the olives - I let the husband order this one.  I would have picked something different.  Salad: It was the special - arugula, figs, and mousse foie grasThe husband was a bit iffy, but because I let him pick the appetizer, he couldn't say much.  Holy crap, that was a yummy fricken salad even the husband liked it!!  I would so order that again.Main Courses:husband - bone-in ribeye. me - bone-in new york steak.BOTH were yummy!  They were both cooked to order.  The only thing we didn't like about it was the butter that came on top of both of them.  We didn't think it was neccessary.     Side dish:Fingerling potatoes with halves garlic.  This was a waste.  We didn't really eat any of them because they were way too salty.  I love me some salt too, but it was just way too much for heart to handle.  We should have asked for something different, but I didn't want to wait.  We did have a show to catch.Thumbs up:They did recognize our anniversary and gave us a complimentary dish before our salad came out.  I forgot what it was, but it consisted of a chip of some sort, with a slice of beef on top.  It tasted it like it had ginger, soy, and some more stuff and also sesame seeds.  It was really good!  I wish we had more or could have swapped it out with the calamari.
4	Lobster bisque - 2 stars, lacks the BAM I was expecting from Emeril.  I've had better bisque at most average restaurantsDelmonico Ribeye Steak - 5 stars, perfectly cooked and so flavorful and juicy.Price? Expect to hand over a Benjamin to the waiter per person with appetizer, wine, and dessert.
3	They have a barely manageable lunch menu, but their dinner menu and wine list is great.I love RIb Eye's everywhere, so I tried to go for the New York Strip, it was just ok.  Fortunately, I tried my friend's rib-eye and it was as expected, quite good.  Their sides are all above par, but make sure you look through their wine list - you will find a few gems in them!
4	Hints: Bone-In Rib SteaksBone-In Rib SteaksBone-In Rib SteaksBone-In Rib SteaksBone-In Rib SteaksBone-In Rib SteaksOk, you should get it by now.More Hints: The mushroom sauce is too salty for my taste bud.Service is always excellent every time I come here for dinner.Bone-In Rib Steaks is always cooked to perfection, everything else here is just average .One last Hint: Bone-In Rib Steaks
4	Had a great dinner here with some close friends. I had the filet, ahi tartare, and sauteed spinach. Everything was very good and the steak was done just right. The only things that I thought were subpar were the bread rolls and the decor. I really enjoyed Delmonico.
3	About 2 years ago, I had dreamed of eating steak at Delmonico's.  The reputation of this place exceeds my expectations; and, as such, is my dilemma with this place.  Delmonico's is Emeril lagasse's steak house.  It is his prime choice, so-to-speak, and it has one of the prime locations between the Palazzo and the Venetian, right in front of the Blue Man Group entrance, across from V-bar, B&B, and next door to Aquaknox.  I've walked by this place numerous times and always wanted to eat there.  Suffice to say, in the past two years, I have.  In short, I have eaten at Delmonico's 6 times.  Not bad for someone that gives this place 3-stars.  Pros: Wine list is expansive and can be very intimidating.  However, I question the knowledge of one of the staff when they recommended a pinot for our bone-in ribeye.  I know a little bit about wine, well, who I am I kidding, I pretend to know a lot.  Enough to the point that I didn't think I'd want a pinot.  However, it was his recommendation and I thought I would go with it.  It was definitely a pinot.  Very disappointed since the body of it didn't fit right with our bone-in ribeye (which was my concern to begin with).The steak is choice (to steal my favorite John Hughes film).Can sit large groups fairly easily.Will sit a table fairly late (almost 11pm on a Friday night).Excellent sides.They are fairly attentive with the service.The scotch list is reasonable.  However, I do usually get a vodka martini with blue cheese stuffed olives (and they hit it pretty good).  They do have a chef's table near the kitchen.  For a heavy trafficked weekend, I believe you have to book well into 3-months in advance (numbers change based on availability).  I am interested in trying this because I think it would be a blast to have a bunch of friends, drinking out of a magnum, and eating some good steak (but I'm not that organized nor do I have an event to do that with).  Well, who am I kidding, I don't even have that many friends.  Ha!  Anyways...Cons: I always get the bone-in ribeye and each time I've eaten it, the seasoning (which I believe is a cajun based creole seasoning) is slightly different each time.  In some cases the seasoning can be too much and in others, its not enough.  There just isn't any consistency.All but one time I've eaten here someone has gotten the ribeye too rare or too well-done.  The fact that they can't get this right concerns me.  You are a steakhouse; get it right; its what you are supposed to be good at!The decor is more monastery like.  The first time I ate here, I gave it 4-stars (my meal was great, my girlfriends meal wasn't cooked right).  If they clean up their act and make things tight and organized, I think Delmonico's is a 4-star steakhouse.  The steak is pretty tasty.  Its perfectly okay to pick up the bone and start gnawin on it.  Well, within reason of course.  However, it has too much inconsistency between day to day operations and meals.  To be fair, I'd still come and eat here (cause I believe the steak is an excellent quality of meat) but with the competition being so tight in Vegas, I've started to venture out.
4	As I have been to the Emeril Delmonico restaurant in New Orleans and enjoyed it immensely, I decided to have dinner at the Delmonico Steakhouse located in the Venetian Resort Hotel & Casino where I was attending the Phantom of the Opera later that evening (incredible show by the way!).  What you'll find is a variety of food selections with Creole influences. First the menu prices are expensive ($$$$) but you are there for the intimate and fine dining experience and should be expecting to pay those prices.  What I didn't expect was to be dressed up and have an individual in shorts, sandals, and a Baltimore Colts jersey seated at an adjacent table to me.  Kind of lowered my view of this establishment being world class if you know what I mean.I started with the Lobster Bisque which was just superb but did lack the "Creole" twist I was expecting (The BAM factor).  Only thing that was a little of an inconvenience was the lobster pieces were quite large and were hard to cut with my spoon.  The wife selected the Organic Baby Mixed Greens Salad Creole Spiced Croutons, Sherry Vinaigrette, Shaved Manchego Cheese Roasted Teardrop Tomatoes and Shaved Red Onion.  I had a taste and it was very good.  The different flavors were unique and distinctive.The main course I selected a Pinot Noir wine that to go along with my Ribeye Steak and selected the Roasted Fingerling Potatoes and Whole Garlic with Fresh Herbs.  The wine was fantastic with a rich and bold body and floral aroma.  Wasn't dry and complimented the Ribeye Steak very well.  The Ribeye has Emeril's classic touch written all over it with the blackened spice rub with a pat of herb butter on top.  The cut was 1-1/2 inches thick, lean, and very large portion.  The potato dish was okay, didn't impress me in any way.  The wife also had the Pinot Noir and selected the Filet Mignon.  The cut had to be nearly 2 inches thick, lean, and a normal portion size.  I recommend selecting your Ribeye to be cooked medium rare (I do not recommend medium) and your Filet Mignon medium rare or at the most medium.  Sorry to say we were extremely full when we finished and couldn't partake of dessert.  The meal described above with tip was roughly $210.
4	Came here for my 21st birthday with my family. Was almost the best steak I had in my life. We also had some good wine.Came back here for a 2nd time recently with my sister before we headed off to a concert, and it wasn't as good this time. Not sure what it was. Portions are large, and prices still relatively expensive, but it just didn't sweep me off my feet like the first time.But it still gets 4 stars. Folded napkins each time you leave your seat. All good.And my sis will prob remember me eating the leftovers in the hotel room after the convert. Ahahaha.
4	Service is to die for! Ambiance not so much. Floor molding and walls were dirty. Its filet mignon is very basic and if you expect flavor its not for you. Lastly, theyre white truffle chips and bbq shrimp appetizers are worth the price tag. I probably wont go back.
5	Good steak, good wine, good grits, no complaints...minus the bill
3	Emeril, I am dissapointed!I know you have many many restaurants to take care of, but it's your name that I trusted. I'd rather you not have 4 restaurants in Vegas but 1 really great restaurant.I picked to go to Delmonico for  my bday lunch since I had other plans for dinner, and the fact that I love a good steak.  We arrived around 11ish and the place was dead. The service was just not good, even on a quiet day like this?!We got sitted. Waiter wasn't rude but wasn't friendly and seemed like he doesn't want to be there. He came when we were ready to order, soups and entrees and a side, then he turned to leave, but I reminded him that we haven't ordered our drinks.   The drinks are usually the first thing servers asked!!We were left alone in an empty quiet room. We got our bread from a different guy, who was a little friendlier.  But it drove me nuts because everytime he would put a roll on our plates, it was upside down.  The little round fluffy bread was facing downwards twice! I know it's not a big deal, but for the price of dining here, I expect a little more attention to details from the servers. And the butter was still frozen.My Lobster Bisque was pretty yummie. But my Filet Mignon was just average. I had to add more salt and pepper to it.  For half the price, I could get a better tasting Filet Mignon at home.My bf on the other hand had the burger, it was gigantic and very tasty. I wished I had gotten the burger instead, and it was much cheaper too.It wasn't the size of the meal that I was looking for, but a tasty meal with the service in par with the price we pay.So in the end, my steak chowing experience at Emeril's famous steakhouse was dissapointing and tasted average. If only the service were superb, it would have changed the whole experience of dining here, but unfortunately the service wasn't there either.Even as we paid the check and was walking out, the lady at the front desk said thank you but was looking elsewhere, why bother?
4	Great Steakhouse. I was delighted to come and try this place. I haven't heard too much about what the steak was like hear but I heard all good things about it. As we sat down we were great by two men who were going to be our servers and our waiters for the day. I ended up ordering a Bone In rib Steak. I think it was the most expensive steak on the menu. I wasn't too sure about the size but my friends that came before said that it was a good size and that some of them couldn't finish it. When I finally got the steak. It had a little piece of butter on the top and it looked good. I usually have my steak medium and it was perfect. I loved it. We also ordered some sides of grits, spinach and mushrooms. Those were ok to me. I loved the steak though. I wasn't able to eat the last 3 oz or so. I think it was well over 16 oz steak with the bone. I think everyone finished theirs except for me. I did notice that my friend said the my steak looked bigger. I couldn't complain at all. All in all we spend about $80 for dinner. I didn't order anything besides the steak and splitting the appetizers. It was well worth it. I have spent more at other places and not even felt like I was eating enough. This takes the cake. I liked how the servers were prompt with filling up my water and attentive to our needs. They would even fold your dinner napkin if you left the table. Awesome. I felt somewhat cramped on our circular table, but what do you expect from a large group of 9 guys.
1	First off I love Emeril I think his food is old school and sloppy, but I love him and don't doubt his food is delicous! So I was excited to go there. I am a chef, and a succesful one I've ran restaurants and now I am a private chef, so I know food and service! I was with my girlfriend and another couple, from the start we were treated like we didn't belong there. They forgot to bring us our wine for like 20 minutes. The table beside us arrived after us and recieved their wine and food before us! They recieved excellent service, getting a amuse bouch, and all served at the same time! We were treated like dishwashers. I thought the food was ok, crabcake was decent but lacked simple seasoning salt and pepper! I thought they would at least make there own bread, but no. The ribeyes were charred black and had no seasoning, filet was ok but lacked seasoning. Gnocchi was great but a little salty. All in all food lacked seasoning, waiter was a asshole, all though the manager was cool I will never step foot in there again!!!!!!!!
4	We went here while in town for the Halloween weekend. Never even heard of the place, but figured why not give it a shot.The decor is upscale, but pretty boring actually. No flare at all to it. Here is what i either ordered or tried:Lobster bisque - Very good. Creamy and rich, yet the lobster came through right away.Steak Tartare - Good.Had a bit too much mustard sauce for me, as that was about all i could taste. But the meat had alot of flavor.Lamb chops - Very well done. The lamb was cooked well(medium rare) and was nice and juicy. I ordered the ribeye(rare). I thought it was on the verge of medium rare, but totally acceptable. Nice flavor, and good portion. Not the best steak i have had, especially since the waiter said it was both wet and dry aged. Sauteed spinach - Very good, but i would have preferred a bit more creaminess to it. Although i am not sure if it was supposed to be cream spinach or not, it seems almost like it was halfway between steamed and creamed. either way it was a very good side dish.Filet - Very well cooked and tender. I found the truffle crust lacking in flavor though, as i could not really taste it at all.And i want to say halibut, but i could be off. Either way, the special fish entree was probably the best of the night. Cooked just right, and the sauce was excellent.Overall i liked the dinner alot. For the price though it was nothing all that special.
4	Really good steakhouse! We went there for our friend's birthday. The environment is nice but maybe a tiny bit noisier as I expected. My boyfriend and I ordered a Lobster Bisque to share, which was good but not especially exciting. He ordered a Filet Mignon, I believe, and was fantastic! It literally melted in my mouth and we were able to cut it with a butter knife.. so tender! I ordered a season entree - Grilled halibut on a bed of lumbcrab meat w/ some kind of aioli. It was alright... the crab was tasty but the fish was a bit dry... Our friend ordered the Tournedos au Poivre and his girlfriend ordered the Ribeye. The Ribeye was huge for the price! We also ordered a couple of sides to share - New Orleans Creamed Spinach, Sauteed Garlic Mushrooms and Truffle Parmesan Potato Chips. I have to say the mushrooms was really good! Didn't really care for the creamed spinach because it was too heavy for me. The chips was good, too, but I wanted to compare it to Alexander's Truffle oil fries... That's one of my future plans =POverall, I think the steaks are worth the price. Other stuff are good but not extremely exciting.... I guess you should always go for the steaks at a steakhouse!
4	This is the third time I've been to Delmonico and enjoyed it. After having one of the best steaks of my life at Rosemary's the night before, I opted for some Peppered Ahi Steak. It was good, not great. It was lacking a little something. The wine was great. My husband had the grilled chicken which was very good. Overall, it was okay. Nothing spectacular that made me want to return.
5	Ok, this would have to be one of my favorites!! The food is delicious and wine as well. But seriously, nothing can beat the service at Delmonico's. We had 2 servers and they were both soooo attentive to everything we needed.  Hands down best steakhouse in Vegas, if not best restuarant. Highly, highly recommend reservations.
5	Another large group dinner with the co-workers, this time we selected Delmonico Steakhouse.  Wow, I am impressed.  This is what I call classy.  I didn't even realize this was an Emeril Lagasse restaurant until I examined the doggie bag afterward!The food is top notch, I ordered the butternut squash ravioli (sans duck confit) and the wild arugula w/ raspberries.  Both dishes were just the right size (not too big, not too small), beautifully presented, perfectly seasoned and dressed, and absolutely delicious.We ordered and shared the green apple crisp a la mode for dessert, I might have loved it more if I was still hungry, but I was so stuffed that I couldn't properly enjoy it.  Note to self: next time, dessert first!Literally, there was not a single bite leftover from anyone's plate.In regards to the service, our server Jen was such a sweetheart, she seemed like a friend right from the start.  Not too intrusive, but relaxed and attentive.  Very accommodating and down to earth.Must try items: Homemade potato chips with parmesan, truffle oil and scallions.  I was stuffing my face like no tomorrow and scraping the plate clean...The warm dinner rolls w/ butter...They smelled SO buttery!  Lastly, the corn gratin, the panko topping was so crispy, it was unreal, the gratin underneath was hot, steamy, and sweet from the crisp fresh corn.  SOOO GOOOD!All in all, this place was expensive, but none of the staff had to overdo it to impress us, the atmosphere, food and service spoke for itself, so it was worth every penny.LOVE
3	Food quality disappointing. Not the best steak in Vegas.Three of us enjoyed two ribeyes ($52) and one filet ($46). Waiter told us their ribeye is the best steak in Vegas, but don't believe it. They were cooked correctly. The rub was rather bland and the crusting on the filet was hard. On a scale of one to ten, my ribeye overall was a 7. I've had 10's before in Vegas, so the competition is tough! But just claiming you have the best steak doesn't make it so.The sides ($9 each) were disappointing. We ordered four. Creamed spinach, always a favorite of mine and recommended by the waiter, was just odd and bland - didn't taste interesting or flavorful at all. The best side was the asparagus, but honestly, how hard is it to steam asparagus?Desert, as it often is at these kind of places where desert is an afterthought, was disappointing and ended the overall experience on a "blah" note.Wine list was excellent.With so many great places in Vegas, you can do much better. Everything else was top notch, but the food is the core of the experience and Delmonicos is just average, unfortunately.
5	hands down the best steak I have ever had. Frog legs were really good too. Service was perfect and it made for an amazing evening.
5	People looking for a steak fix should definitely head over here for a yummy steak. The salad was a absolutely delicious. The mushrooms melted in my mouth and were just so good.My wife and I both had soup as an appetizer, Something this place is very well known for. I had the shrimp gumbo, now that was great gumbo. My wife had the fillet minion and I tried the Cajun Steak which was just so tender and juicy, talk about perfection here.We also had the asparagus, how perfectly cooked.I decided to have a yummy baked potato with my dinner,  butter and sour cream right along with it. Delmonico is by far the best steakhouse I have ever been to in Las Vegas.The waiter  was very friendly and very knowledgeable of the menu. The owner is the great Emeril Lagasse, the guy that yells BAM!!!! on his cooking show. Come here if you want the best steak ever.
3	I really wanted to love this - I had very high expectations going in...unfortunatly, well, maybe I caught them on an off night..Let's start with the wine list - the night in question they were out of the slightly over $100 (inexpensive for the restaurant) bottle of Cab that I selected,  Not really a problem - found one that cost just a little more.  However, later in the meal one of the waiters informed me of another Cab (not on the list) that cost about the same as the one I originally selected but was much better than the one I ended up with. Why not inform me of this BEFORE I selected another bottle?  Strike one.It was a Sunday night and I was informed that they were out of the special of the day - some sort of fish. Again not a problem as we came in for BEEF.  Just thought I would mention it...The wedge salad - the bacon bits served with it were cold, greasy, and very tough.  Not good. The salad itself was fine - good blue cheese and nice and crisp- but for what you are paying the bacon should have been as well. Strike two.Now on to the steak.- the "signature" bone in rib eye. It was good. Very good in fact. - a huge cut cook just as I orded. But...it was kind of bland. Not totally lacking in flavor but still kind of bland.  Not bad, but not the best steak I had ever eaten.  My friend's filet was also very good - an excellent cut cooked as ordered but still a bit - shall we say?- unseasoned?  Call this half a strike.Now on to the pecan pie and ice cream thingy - yummy. Best part of the meal!All in all, Emeril's Delmonico is not bad.  Just that I was expecting more...
4	One of the top steak houses on the strip. Nice quite place, great for a date of a nice night out. The food is awesome!!
5	This is my favorite steakhouse in Las Vegas, bar none. You can always count on Emeril Lagasse to deliver on his good name. We were in town for my fiance's birthday, so I jumped at the chance to make a reservation at Delmonico. We arrived about 20 mins early for our reservation. We took a seat in the lounge and waited for about 3 minutes before they came and got us to be seated. Not enough time to rate the cocktail service. I started with the lobster bisque. Creamy, hot, and with chunks of tender lobster aplenty. So flavorful, I chose to pass on the offer of fresh ground pepper. An A+ app. On to main course. I had the boneless rib eye steak. I LOVED that the waiter asked me to cut into it in front of him to be sure it was prepared to my liking, and it was perfect! Upon the first bite, time stood still. I could think of nothing but how delicious the bite in my mouth was, and how I could not wait to demolish the easily 12oz. piece of heaven in front of me. The meat had a juiciness and flavor that even the most discerning of carnivore would have to admit was the best ever. The fiancee had the Grilled Filet Medallions, wild mushroom crusted with Emeril's Worcestershire sauce, house cured bacon, and Parmesan cheese. I, of course, had to have a taste of these fantastic looking medallions, and they were stellar. I especially liked the play between the slightly sweet of the Worcestershire and the savory of the meat and Parmesan crust. Also an awesome dish. Due to the healthy portions, there was no room for dessert. We were given a sorbet on the house that was very tangy, a raspberry I believe... The service was top notch, everything you would expect from a restaurant of this caliber. All my expectations were met, and I highly recommend stopping in for the steak of a lifetime!
5	Delmonico is a favorite. Time after time it delivers stellar food and superb service.The Caesar salad for two is a must, as is the bone in ribeye. We've also enjoyed daily specials that have served up surf and turf, and some of the tastiest lamb chops we've ever tasted. We've sampled a bunch of other dishes, as well. The only disappointment has been at dessert and that was banana cream pie. It was served partially frozen. Ever since we tend to skip dessert and treat ourselves to Jamaican Blue Mountain French pressed coffee, instead. It is wonderful.
5	I have been on the lookout for the perfect filet for some time now.  My search has put this place on the top of my list.  After years of waiting I finally  was able to dine at the famed Delmonico Steakhouse in Vegas.  I was promised by steak loving friends that the filet was so perfect you didn't need a knife to cut it.My wife and I arrived a bit early so we could check out their bar.  The ambiance while very nice, was not what I had expected.  It was also not very busy which also threw me off a bit.  Anyway, we sat at the bar and I ordered up my usual (Goose martini with 3 blue cheese olives) and my wife ordered a glass of wine.  We chatted up the friendly bar tender, finished our drinks then headed into the main dining area to be seated.First we were given a ginormous wine list that took us 10 minutes to go through and another 10 minutes to decided what we wanted.  We settled on a very reasonably priced bottle and our waiter was not at all pissed that we didn't drop $100's on a bottle.First they bring you a small dinner roll/bread thing that was very unremarkable.  I liked it that they brought you a single roll so I couldn't eat 4 of them and ruin my dinner, but it just wasn't that good so I really didn't want more than one.  Probably for the best though.For an appetizer we shared the gulf shrimp cocktail which was excellent.  The shrimp were boiled in some creole stuff which gave them a very nice flavor.  They give you 4 large shrimp which is perfect for sharing although I could have eaten them all myself.  If you like super hot cocktail sauce then be sure to ask for a side of horseradish to heat it up some more.Then we had the Caesar  salad which is prepared tableside and is a 2 person portion.  While the salad was pretty good, I wouldn't order it again.  They add some spices to it that I just don't think belong in a salad and gave it an odd flavor.As per our steakhouse usual, my wife and I split the filet and we both thought it was excellent.  It wasn't perfect, but probably one of the best I have ever had.  It was cooked perfectly, had excellent flavor and the rub they used wasn't too overpowering.  The steak was very tender but not the cut-with-your-fork kind of tender I am looking for.  At 9oz it was a perfect size to split and not feel overly full after our meal.For sides we ordered the veggie of the day (broccoli) and the fingerling potatoes.  I guess they were pretty good but I should have ordered a few of their less healthy options like creamed spinach or mashed potatoes.  My wife was in charge of the sides this time but next time I'm ordering something good.My wife and I are both suckers for desserts made in house so we had to try their pecan pie.  It was ok but I would try sometime else next time like the cheese cake.  I wasn't a fan of the crust but I was a fan of the size; it wasn't huge and was perfect for 2 people to share.After dinner my wife ordered a decaf coffee and for some reason I had absinthe.  The after dinner drink menu caught my eye because it had like 5 different selections of absinthe which is very unique.  I asked if I could do a sampler of them all but they said no.  Instead, I settled on one and it was very good.  I am not a very experienced absinthe drinker so I really couldn't tell you if it was any better than any other one but it was quite good......and strong.  I still have no idea why the heck I ordered it.My entire Delmonico experience was excellent.  Our entire waitstaff crew (there had to be 4 people waiting on us) were fast, friendly and helpful.  The price for the steak was reasonable and comparable to other steakhouses, but everything else was pretty high.  Anyway, I would definitely dine here again and honestly cannot wait to return.
5	Oh. My. God.Took hubby here for our 1 yr. anniversary/my hubby's b-day.  I wasn't hungry (late lunch) so I had a (delicious) salad and wine, and he got a bourbon, the filet with creamed spinach and au gratin potatoes.  From the second we got there till we left they treated us like royaly.  Ross, the manager, came and chatted with us at our table, offering an appetizer on the house because of our big day.  They even plated my year-old wedding cake top tier, frozen for a year and in a bag for 6 hours on a plane from NY, and presented it to us with candles on a small table with plates and forks.  The filet, by the way, almost brought me to orgasm with a single bite.  Seriously.... no, seriously.  It was prob the best single bite of beef I've ever experienced.What else.... the year-old cake was surprisingly good! (I baked it myself) :)Of course it's a killer bill at meal's end ($135 for everything I mentioned above and nothing more) but worth every penny, y'all.
2	This has been the first time I've been disappointed going to a steakhouse in Vegas. We had a reservation for 8 and Delmonicos and everyone almost hated their steak or fish. I myself had a halibut, but also shared the ribeye. I also had a taste of the lobster bisque. the bisque was very good and could recommend that. but as for the halibut and steak, they were very salty. our whole table said the same thing about the steak and fish. we were very surprised that we were disappointed at an emeril restaurant. maybe the chef in the back had a bad day. in the end, you wont see me here again.
5	Took my girlfriend to Vegas for her birthday (and secretly, to propose), and was planning to take her to a nice dinner.  Went to Delmonico on a suggestion from a trusted friend, and damn, glad I did.  He may be annoyingly over the top on TV, but Emeril and company know what they're doing.Right from the beginning wait to be seated, until the ending dessert and coffee, we had a great time with great food.  In a "that is so Vegas" twist, our waiter looked like Wayne Newton.  They were great on recommending drinks and pick of entrees, and answered all questions off the menu.  Service was even to such a level that they helped my lady with her seat, which is good, since the chairs are heavy. As to the food. . . *glarg* *drool*  Sorry, I get moisture in my mouth thinking about it.  Shrimp the size of my thumb after I hit it with a hammer covered in a fantastic spicy cream sauce, steak that you could cut with a spoon, a portion of the most tender venison I've ever had, that was just as good when cold the next day (because I couldn't eat all of it), a martini that made it harder to walk out of there than the amount of food I ate, incredible desserts, and well, an espresso menu that involved such quality coffee I had no idea coffee that good existed.I don't eat at high caliber steakhouses on a weekly basis or anything, but I've been to a few, and it's not like DC has a shortage of them given the wealth there.  Vegas is the same sort of way -- artificial city with lots of money -- and damn if Delmonico didn't top anything I've had so far when it comes to high caliber steak places.  And in case you're wondering -- she said yes.  I'm sure that was in part due to this dinner. ;)~EEE~
4	4.5 starsPerfect decor, service, and noise level. CONS: didn't like the crab n spinach special and the choc bread pudding. (Way too thick and sweet) (MINUS HALF STAR)PROS:-HOLY MOLY awesome lobster bisque. With lumps of lobster tail. FOODGASM? check.-Amazing signature bone-in rib steak. OMFG juicy and flavorful from first til the last bite. REALLY HUGE portion. FOODGASM? oh yes,check!!! ding ding ding!!!-Really good fliet and lobster. But bone in rib steak just blows my mind that I didnt want to "waste my stomach space" with the bf's entree. Surf n turf FOODGASM? ummmmmmmm... let me go back to my bone in rib steak.... OH YES!
5	in a nutshell:-best service I've ever received in a restaurant.  They treat you like you are the owner, totally personal and attentive without ever being intrusive.  The wait team is on the ball with every facet of service-Food was fantastic of course.  Got the bone-in filet (10oz) which was cooked perfectly, the missus got the filet medallions, which was a bit misleading as these were small steaks, not "medallions"!! Lot of food.  The side dishes are quite large, suitable for 3 or 4, so a party of 2 will have more than enough ordering just 1 side dish.  -The room is very nice. Uber minimal, nothing on the walls, just nicely sculptured archways and ceilings.  Very nice environment for a phenomenal meal.   The prices are high, esp considering side dishes are all a la carte, but nothing astronomical.  Figure around $100/person for a starter, entree, non-alcoholic drink, dessert, tax and 20% tip.
5	if you're looking for a fancy steakhouse in vegas, delmonico is your go to place. not being a huge fan of emeril lagasse's, my prenotions and opinions were turned 180 degrees after one dining experience in this magnificent establishment.nothing here is shy of a stellar review. the food is PERFECTLY executed, the service is above and beyond, and no detail is left unfinished.the steaks can be requested with an extra char on the outside, but the center is still a warm medium rare, perfectly juicy and exploding with flavor in every bite. the sides we ordered were also high acheivers and could be main courses in their own right. the desserts were phenomenal! i've had emeril's banana cream pie from another one of his restaurants at MGM before, but the warm chocolate brioche bread pudding is like your birthday, christmas, new year, all the holidays, the birth of your first child, happiest day of your life in every spoonful. it was so good, i wanted to cry.if you are ever in vegas and want to have a flawless steak dinner, now you know where to go.
4	Enjoyed the service typically expected for a nice Vegas restaurant.  I ate the rib eye steak cooked medium and was mouth watering.  The portion was big which I had to take home.  The environment is great for a dinner party, but may be loud for a date (we dined on a Wed night).
2	Emeril is a liar. The beef that he serves is in no way USDA Prime. Or at least it wasn't on the night we dined there. I have had my share of prime cuts of beef and one thing they are not is tough. Especially a rib-eye. Our steak was not only tough, but flavorless and mealy as well.I really wanted to like this place. My husband and I sat at the bar and had great service from the bartender. We split the rib-eye because who in the heck can eat a whole one of those? It was perfectly cooked. Cutting into it was another matter. It took effort. The consistency was mealy, and without one of the three sauces they offer with it, was completely flavorless. I think Emeril is trying to pawn off a lesser grade of beef on poor unsuspecting tourists, some of who he thinks do not know any better. Shame on him. To know what a real USDA Prime cut of beef is head down the road to Ruth's Chris Steak House.
5	Great atmosphere, very good food, great service...get the creamed corn side dish!!!
5	Last year for my 21st birthday we went to Vegas and after hearing my boyfriend rave about this restraunt for two years, I knew I had to take him here! Oh he was so very right, it was AMAZING; definitely a well $200.00 spent! I would HIGHLY reccomend this restaurant.PS: You have to try the calamari!
5	Naomi and I went here on our date night.  We shared a 16oz bone-in prime rib.  It was excellent, cooked to perfection. The steak is large enough for two.We also had the Lobster Bisque and Traditional New Orleans Gumbo. We liked both, but my favorite was the gumbo. Naomi's favorite was the lobster bisque. Both were awesome and would order them again.The Roasted Fingerling Potatoes and Whole Garlic with Fresh Herbs were good, but not memorable.I didn't care for the Truffle Parmesan Potato Chips.The atmosphere and service were both excellent.We shall return!
5	Possibly the best steak I ever had. Bone in Rib steak. Definitely recommend. Place is pricey, but 5 stars. Staff was extremely helpful and nice. Had a great experience. Didn't feel at all like I was in a shopping mall in a Casino like some other Vegas spots.
5	Yummy!  I didn't realize this was an Emeril (the "BAM!!!" guy on the Food Network) restaurant until I looked at the menu.  Cherylynn N. made reservations for a friend's 30th birthday dinner celebration.  Our reservations were at 7pm, but part of our party got lost so we were seated around 7:15-7:30pm.  AMBIANCE:Well lit, but dim which created a "romantic" setting for those looking for a date night.  As we had 9 people in our party, we were set up in the middle in umm...an oddly shaped table (see Cherylynn N's description).  The restaurant was packed, but the noise level wasn't too loud.SERVICE:GREAT service!  The waitress was very attentive.  When the food was brought out, there were 5 servers which each carried our entrees in each hand and simultaneously placed them in front of each of us at once.  It was truly a sight to see.FOOD:**Note: Most dishes are ala carte, so you'll probably want to order sides.  Sides are big enough for 2-3 people to share**-Crab Bisque ($12) - Delicious, creamy, and full of yummy flavor!!  This was on the Chef's special list, therefore I am not sure if they have this on a regular basis.  The bisque soup is the same as the lobster bisque, but instead of lobster pieces, its generous portions of crab.-Jumbo Lobster Tail ($48/Market Price) - As I am not such a big meat eater, a lobster tail was my alternative.  I didn't expect such a generous sized portion to come out.  It was heaven!!  Delicious!!  Tender!! -Creamed Spinach Side ($9) - It was good, but didn't have the additional pieces of bacon that most restaurants have.  You could definitely tell the spinach was fresh though.  -Creamed Corn Side ($9) - YUMMMMMMM!!  I must come back especially for this side!! The corn was so sweet with a light crust on top.  Words cannot describe how yummy this side was, definitely a must try!!So I know this is a steakhouse with steak, of course, being their specialty.  My friend insisted that I try some of his rib eye.  I'm not a meat person, but I will admit that it was tender and full of flavor.
5	So you won some $$$$. make your reservation here, but come before 6pm on a Saturday night and see how it is to live like royalty in this dimly lit medival like castle within the Vencitian.   Two servers wait on you and actually share the foodie secrets you want to know.  Allergic to seafood and think steak is a food group for a husband or a meat lover, no problem, let the chefs here make you a special dish or sauce not on the menu that you will never forget.  The sturgeon was a designer version of catfish, and was very impressive.  By end of the 4th course, with a bonus freebie in the middle compliments of the chef, you have the Olympic urge to go for dessert.  Go for the gold.  Not to sweet, not too rich, just amazing - like everything in New Orleans, just like Emeril.   Chocolate treats here won't disappoint.  By 8pm, the place is packed, and the magic is nearly gone, so come early, esp. with a date, you won't be disappointed.
3	Seeing that there are so many 4 and 5 stars, I will give Delmonico in Vegas the benefit of the doubt and just say my friends and I just ordered "the wrong things". I'm writing this review half a year after eating here so I don't remember specifics, but I do remember my scallops were very salty (but tender, and huge). What wasn't huge were certain cuts of steak, which basically came in a little cube. Service was amazing though, and the decor in clean, white, and perfect lighting. The inner dining area was better looking but empty at the time, I think they were trying to seat everyone to the outer sides of the restaurants first. Overall, I had a pleasant time but wasn't wow'ed by the flavors or bill. I'll still give Delmonico here in NYC a try though.
4	We had lunch here. BBQ shrimp and salmon, both excellent. Emeril's food is fairly heavy so you will be filled. Everything was great. Lunch is cheaper than dinner and many of the same items are available.
5	Delmonico Is a wonderful resturant. Every time I go I get the Filet and it just melts in my mouth. I think I actually had an orgasim at the table one time. I went there for my Birthday and they were wonderful. My dessert had my name in chocolate on top of it (thanks to my BF calling days in advanced). If you can afford it, go there. Yummie. Steak Melting in my mouth, with a delious butter reduction.
5	I gave myself a few days before I wrote this review, to see if all the money I dropped on this dinner would be worth it. I've never spent so much on a dinner before, and so even with the glowing Yelp reviews, I went into this a little uneasy.My boyfriend had paid for most of our Vegas trip, so I wanted to treat him to something special. This most definitely was.We made reservations that morning (Thursday, so probably a slow night) for 7 pm. We arrived and were quickly seated. The decor was understated, with muted beige walls and plush brown leather chairs.The service was impeccable. We had three waiters taking care of us! Water glasses never got more than half empty, and they were always ready to please. I asked where the women's room was, and the waiter led me there instead of just giving me directions. I really appreciated that, since the bathrooms were hidden away.Lovely bathrooms though, but I expected that. A nice touch for the ladies was a basket of feminine supplies provided in case of emergency,But now, to the main attraction: the food. Oh dear God, the food. We started with the truffle parmesan potato chips. So simple, but sooooo good.I got a rare filet mignon and the boyfriend got the bone-in rib eye medium rare. We got just one side, the cheddar bacon grits. They were good, but could have used more bacon. Then again, I think everything could use more bacon.The meat was... quite literally the best I ever had. I love my steaks bloody, but my plate was clean until I cut into the steak. Chalk that up to a good sear and the excellent crust from the rub they use. It was kinda Cajun-y, but didn't overpower the glorious meat. It was allowed to prove itself as is and it was worth every penny.We surprisingly still had room, so we went for dessert. I went for my old standby, the creme brulee. The boyfriend was intrigued by the root beer float with sarsaparilla sorbet. Can't screw up creme brulee, so no complaints. The sugar crust was thicker than expected, but the sweetness was offset by the chocolate shortbread cookies that came with it. Chocolatey, but not sweet. I could snack on them all day.But the root beer float was a work of art. Came to the table in one of those tall sundae glasses, with the sarsaparilla sorbet on the bottom and vanilla ice cream on top. Waiter poured the bottle of root beer and left the rest for him.My boyfriend is a root beer connoisseur. He used to make his own, so he knows his root beer. And he is still going crazy over that float. I think that speaks for itself.So while at first I might have been apprehensive, I'm really glad we came here. It's out of our budget to do again anytime soon, but I definitely won't forget it.
5	"WOW!!!" that's what she said... literally! lol, actually that's what we all said after we took our first bite into the appetizer (bbq shrimp). Let me back track a little bit though. I made a reservation for four on open table... we were running a little late so I called and to let them know. They were very friendly and accommodating with our late arrival. As soon as we get there, they said "You must be Jason, party of 4 correct?" Very nice touch for a first impression. We were greeted by our main server, followed by the assistants. Our server made good conversation and awesome recommendations. We never felt bugged, rushed, or belittled (since we all look pretty young). Even with the huge wine list, we were scratching our heads and our server recommended a VERY good syrah that fitted within our budget.Between the 4 of us, we ordered the bbq shrimp, filet mignons, lobster tail, and I ordered the rib eye. Seriously, every bite was WOW! Cooked to exactly the way you ask!!! You have to try it for yourself and you'll understand the WOW factor this restaurant has!While making my reservations, I noted that it was a special dinner for me and my wife, along with my friend and his wife (our anniversaries of dating). lol...anyways, when we were about to ask for our check, the staff came out with two bowls of fresh strawberry sherbert/sorbet with a candle in it, followed by the words "Happy Anniversary to you both and Thank You for coming to Delmonicos"! I wanted to stand and applaud! hahahah Our server then went on to take our digital camera's and take a couple pics of us.If you're looking for a restaurant with that WOW factor (and you love meat), I highly recommend visiting Delmonico's.
3	Note to Vegas douchebags (all of you): when you are planning a dinner at a well known restaurant that's oozing stars and dollar signs, Ed Hardy is not considered dressing up. This is my splurge dinner on this vacation. I'm writing this at the table - key tones off of course, keeping it classy. I had a reservation for 9:00, got there 5 minutes early, and waited 25 minutes. Not unheard of, but neither is an apology or a "thank you for waiting." I also felt a little ignored as a single diner not ordering alcohol. My soda glass sat empty for a long time before I was asked if I wanted another. This happened twice, once between appetizer and main course, and once when i had a third of my steak left. No mention of whether I would be charged for refills, but either way that will be factored into the tip.  Either assume that I would like it refilled and don't let it hit the table empty, or show some sort of bottle or other indication that I'll be seeing $4-5 each on the bill. I also didn't appreciate the lonely roll that was deposited on my table. Just because I'm by myself doesn't mean I don't want a little basket of warm rolls to scarf down at my leisure. I was asked if I wanted another after I was done, and I declined. It was also brought out at the end of the appetizer, which indicated to me that it had been initially forgotten.  My appetizer was completely delicious. I am sad to inform you that it was a special and may not be there when you dine. It was lump crab and gnocchi. Pesto, brown butter, lemon. The crab tasted like Dungeness, the best of course. The gnocchi was toasty and so delicate that I could have eaten it with a spoon like ice cream.  Next came the rib eye, medium, and creamed corn gratinee. The corn was good. The topping was crispy. The steak was definitely closer to medium well than medium. I expect a $50 steak to be flavorful and cut like butter. There were bites that I felt I was choking down. I also found it to be underseasoned. When I asked for sauces, I was given three options. Bearnaise, Emeril style A-1, and something muttered of which I only heard worcestershire. I think it might have been just that. I opted for the E-1. It didn't solve the seasoning issue and I found the taste odd.  The verdict is in on the diet coke. It was three dollars and I was not charged for refills. Why keep asking then?  I don't see how that could be considered elevated service. I had a much better meal and experience last year at SW at the Wynn. I will not be back to Delmonico.
3	It's so sad that what made this place so memorable was that it was so mediocre... and that my travel buddy and I got into a heated discussion while trying to decide who's "fault" it was that we ended up there. We finally remembered how it happened - we were at the Palazzo and she wanted steak. I wanted to stop at Cut, but she wasn't a big fan of Wolfgang Puck. She likes Mario Batali, so we glanced over Enoteca's menu, but of course - they didn't have steak. If we'd known of the existence of Carnevino, we probably would've ended up there. I don't know if the steak would've been better..... but anyway, this is about Delmonico. By the time we ended up in front of Delmonico's Steakhouse, we really were famished. It's Emeril's steakhouse - couldn't possibly be awful.............We ordered:* A BOTTLE OF RED* JUMBO LUMP CRAB CAKE         - [4/5 - Good crab cakes - not the best, but definitely took first place over everything else we had.]* GRILLED FILET MIGNON MEDALLIONS         - [3/5 - It was alright. Average in flavor, not tender.]* FILET MIGNON         - [2/5 - She's a huge steak fan but first, they overcooked her steak - then sent her a second steak, which was still not much better and a little chewy.]
3	Five star food. The service? Not so much. While in Vegas, my boyfriend and I decided it was time to splurge a bit and eat some tasty, tasty cow. We were seeing Blue Man Group that night, and this place was located right next to the theatre. And it's an Emeril restaurant. Awesome, right?We were seated promptly for our 830 reservation. I sat down and the guy put my napkin on my lap and stepped on my foot in the process. No big deal; I'm a klutz too. Shortly thereafter, a waiter appeared, informed us that we'd have three servers that night. He then asked us if we'd like bottled or tap water, and then asked if we wanted a wine list. We answered and he went off to take care of it. Not 30 seconds later someone else (one of our other servers, I assume) showed up and gave us the exact same spiel. We answered the same way. Soon after, the first guy appeared with the wine list, which was literally 25 pages long. Ok, I both love me some wine and understand that this is a nice place, but a wine list that long is overwhelming. Yes, they had a page with Kevin's (the sommelier, I assume) picks, but still. 20 minutes after we received the wine list, our server finally showed up to take our wine and food orders. We decided to split a ribeye and some potato gratin. I also got the gumbo, which was served promptly along with our wine. As I said before, everything was delicious. The wine was great, the gumbo was extremely flavorful, the ribeye was tender and wonderful, and I also loved the potato gratin. However, when we got our food, I asked the server if he could give us the check a little early so we wouldn't have to rush to make our show (we were cutting it close, especially with the time it took for the server to come take our order). He insisted we'd have plenty of time and refused to give us the check. This is because he wanted to offer us dessert after our meal. Fine. Whatever. Still annoying. I'm hoping that this was just an off night, because it seems that most of the reviews here are very complimentary of the service. I'd be willing to give this place another shot, because the food was really that good (and actually kind of reasonably priced for what you get if you split a steak like we did). So, we'll see...
5	This was my first trip to Vegas...ever.  I know, how can that be after 31 years of age and my love for everything naughty?  Nevertheless, I wanted to have one memorable, fantastic dinner while there.  After consulting with a few friends and reading fellow yelpers reviews we decided on Delmonico Steakhouse at the Venetian.First, I was able to make our reservation online about two months in advance (same time I booked the trip).  It was so easy I would definitely recommend it to ensure you will have a table ready and waiting for you.  Second, because Mr. Vivi and I were killing it at the Blackjack table at the Mandalay...we were about 15 minutes late for our reservation.  I apologized numerous times when we arrived, and to my relief our table was still ours and the host was super friendly and understanding.  Note:  I don't know if this would fly on a busy Fri or Sat night.To say the service was excellent could be an understatement.  We had our main server, I think his name was Eric (insert free drinks at the aforementioned Blackjack table so his name could have been Bob) and he couldn't be more helpful, polite and efficient.  We also had two other people who were assisting Eric with the service who were great as well.  Eric helped me pick out a glass of red wine that was delicious and didn't make me feel bad for not being the wine connoisseur everyone and their mom thinks they are.  Our drinks were brought to us very quickly and we were off to the food.  I had been perusing the menu for awhile and thought we would go with a full four course meal however, I had no idea how fun the tables would be and didn't want too much food to deter my winnings after dinner.  We opted to skip the appetizer (would have loved to have try the crab cakes or at least the Parmesan potato chips) and went straight to the Cesar salad served table side for two.  If you love Cesar salad please do me a favor and run to this place.  They freaking make the entire thing in front of you, dressing included.  When Eric was finished with my plate I could have clapped I was so happy...in fact I think I did. Next, we went for the petite medallions with a side of asparagus and a twice baked potato.  Can I say I am in heaven??  This is why I could never be a vegetarian.  The meat was cooked to absolute perfection.  So tender it felt like butter in my mouth.  The asparagus and twice baked potato were both good, but I would definitely try something different next time...there is just too much to chose from.  I knew in advance the bill was going to be somewhat expensive but seriously, it was worth every single penny.  From start to finish the entire experience made me forget I left a table we were up 500 dollars.  "Ah yeah babe," this place is that good and I will be back the next time I visit.
5	I could describe many above average facets of the meal I had at Delmonico, but the only one that really matters is that I walked out of this restaurant saying that this was the best steak I have ever had.The Kansas City cut (bone-in NY Strip) here is just so unbelievably perfect.  It is seared on the outside with a beautiful medium rare on the inside.  The texture is perfect.  The juiciness of the meat is perfect.  The salty flavor addition from the bone is perfect.  And what really made it for me was the seasoning on the steak itself.  Every bite had a little peppery bite that was the perfect combination of dancing around the edges of your tongue without being overbearing.Yes.  A confluence of the perfection of all the individual elements that matter yields the distinction of Best Steak I Have Ever Had.
5	Hey everyone - first yelp review. And what better way to kick it off than with the wonderful Delmonico Steakhouse in the Venetian Hotel and Casino. This is my first Emeril's experience and it was a good one. Disclaimer: A fraternity brother of mine is a manager here and insisted that my group try it! I was in town for a bachelor party and 8 of us dined here on a Friday night. We had a reservation for 8:30 and were seated promptly. The appetizers included delicious (albeit greasy) chips sprinkled with parmesan cheese and the New Orleans BBQ Shrimp with biscuit. The shrimp were easily the most tasty that I've ever had - my only complaint is that one order ($18 only included 3 shrimp). I wish I had 2 or even three. The biscuit was pointless for this entree (and barely noticeable), It actually went uneaten as our party was preoccupied with the wonderful hot butter rolls that they continued to bring around.For my entree I had the filet mignon ($48) and it was absolutely fabulous. I order my steaks medium well to well, which could sometimes mean a loss of flavor if it's not done right. In this case, the steak was cooked perfectly and had a ton of flavor. This was easily the best steak I've ever had - and I'm a red meat fan. Service was excellent, atmosphere was a bit gloomy (although aren't good steak houses supposed to be?) and I was simply too full to try dessert. The rest of the party thoroughly enjoyed their meal. The highlight of the evening may have been seeing Larry Flynt seated just a few feet away from us, enjoying his steak and eggs. Apparently he's a regular.If you're in Vegas and looking for a sure-fire steakhouse, stop by Emeril's Delmonico. You WON'T be disappointed.
4	My brother and I decided to get a good steak dinner and Delmonico Steakhouse did not disappoint.One of the better steak houses in Vegas.A bit old time atmosphere but I did enjoy that. Old time service and great piece of steak. Everything I wanted.
1	Finally made me give up on Emeril's restaurants.  We were some of the first customers at Emeril's at Universal Studios here in Orlando, which was OUTSTANDING when it first opened and the first few visits after that.  Then it started going downhill - poor service and bad food.  It was so bad, we swore we wouldn't frequent any of Emeril's restaurants ever again.  Then we were in Vegas and at the Palazzo looking for a place to eat.  We foolishly decided to give Delmonico a try.  Worst service we've had in a long time.  The waiter acted like we were bothering him.  He disappeared after dropping the menus and wine list on our table.  When he finally showed back up and I ordered a glass of wine (he didn't offer drinks when he dropped the menus on the table), I didn't get it for a good 10 minutes.  If I had been by myself, I would have walked out, but my wife didn't want to do that.  Dinner showed up and we started to eat.  My glass of wine ran out, with absolutely no sign of our waiter.  I finally had to flag down another waiter to ask for my wine.  Truly pathetic.  Food-wise, I don't know where the other reviewers have been having their steaks, but I have no clue why they would say these are the best steaks they've ever had.  It was OK, but certainly not worth the price we paid (and, trust me, I don't mind spending money in a restaurant).
4	This was an excellent experience from the front desk to the last bite of dessert.The appetizers that we ordered from the nightly specials menu were creative and delicious. The steaks were perfectly cooked and excellent quality. I didn't love the seasonal onions but they were as described and just not cooked to my taste. The desserts were excellent, the creme brulee was perfect. I loved the list of espressos and enjoyed topping off my meal with one.The wine list had moderately priced items and the staff were extremely helpful without being fussy. This was a great experience and I highly recommend it!
5	Best steak of my life!  We stayed at Aria over the weekend and asked around for a dinner recommendation.  Hands down this place rocked!  The service was amazing, the food was fantastic..... I am an Emeril fan so I was excited to try it out.  The prices was very reasonable especially for being a top rated Vegas strip restaurant. Excited to try the other locations in NYC and NO now!
5	Absolutely amazing. I'll make this brief, if you are in Vegas, before you gamble away your money, please treat yourself to a high quality steak.I don't usually splurge and enjoy fine dining that often, so when I do, it better be the Magna Cum Laude. I got the Bone-In Rib Eye...the bone in helps keeps the Steak juicier. The dinner rolls were amazing and top this down with a glass of red wine and you'll be feeling good for the rest of the day or night.
4	Located in the restaurant/shopping area between the Venetian and Palazzo, this is a great steak place.  Went with a group of friends and we all had 1 thing on our mind.  Steak.  We didn't order any alcohol since we were kind of recovering a bit from the night before.  For appetizers, I had the tuna and salmon tartare which was good.  Bunch of my friends had lobster bisque which was rich but very good as well.  The rolls came with a small amount of butter on them and would taste great in the bisque, I'm sure.For steaks, everyone went with either the New York or Filet.  I had the filet topped with seared foie gras.  The combination of the two was excellent and very flavorful.  I sadly had to leave some foie gras left over because it was too much.  I tried the New York and that was great as well.  For sides we had the potatoes au gratin asparagus.  I didn't have any of the sides, but everyone seemed pretty pleased with them.Unfortunately, no dessert really jumped out at me.  Everyone split the banana cream pie, but I passed on that since I'm not a fan of bananas.Service was great.  It was pretty loud though, so I couldn't really hear 2 of my friends who were across the table.Overall though, excellent meal.
3	Food: 4 Service: 2.5 Delmonico's was one of the first fancy-schmanchy places I'd eaten at in Vegas. However the last time I ate there was close to five years ago and I've eaten at many other places since then. My husband was eager to try it out again to see if it was as good as he remembered it to be. In summary, I'd say the food was good, the service- not so much. We were lead to our table in the back of the restaurant and even though it was nearly 10:00 pm, the restaurant was really crowded. I was pretty surprised but perhaps this is part of the reason we didn't receive the greatest service. For the appetizer, I had ordered some sort of tomato salad thing from the specials that sounded really interesting. In fact, it was one of the items the server had recommended. However, about 5-10 minutes after ordering, the server came by and informed me they were out of it and asked me if I would like to order something else. The weird thing was, he wasn't apologetic at all, he simply said something along the lines of, "We're out of that, do you want to get another salad?" I'm not going to say he was downright rude but for a restaurant of this caliber, I definitely expected at the very least, some sort of apology. Perhaps even a free appetizer or dessert but perhaps I'm expecting too much? I settled on the salad with goat cheese and I do have to say it was delicious, one of the tastiest salads I can remember having in a long time. However, the journey in getting to that salad was a little bumpy. My husband had a pretty standard garden salad that I tasted and it was pretty good too. Another problem with our ordering is when I tried to order my filet and they asked how I wanted it cooked, I told them my usual method of between medium and medium well, no blood. Okay, I know I am a little difficult but I've never had a problem with a place accommodating my request so at a high end steakhouse, I did not even consider that this would be a difficult task. Well, our server just flat out said he didn't think he could do that. Uhhh, what? Really? It's as if the steak was being cooked in a microwave with only set levels. It was so weird. So I was a little miffed. With that being said, my steak and my husband's steak was cooked properly when it came out. Just a shame that I had to get hazed about it when ordering. All our sides (grits, mushrooms, and spinach) had very generous portions and were pretty good too but perhaps but no real standouts either. Even though the steaks were a few dollars pricier than other comparable steakhouse such as Carnevino, I did appreciate that the three steak sauces came free. Other places charge $2-$3 per sauce so it really balanced out and it was nice to try all three. I can never resist dessert so I got something I believed was some sort of banana tart. I was surprised when something resembling a big hunk of mud pie with a giant mound of whip cream came out. I took a few bites but it was a bit overwhelming for me. All in all, I would say the food was good but not as good as I remembered it five years ago. Or perhaps I've been spoiled by the different restaurants I've been to since then. My biggest complaint was the service- not only the issues as stated above but just overall, the service felt impersonal and disjointed. I would have to guess that since the restaurant seemed very busy and it was near the end of the night by the time of our reservation, the servers had probably run out of patience. Understandable, we've all had bad days at work but I don't like feeling like the scapegoat. I still wouldn't hesitate in recommending Delmonico's to people since my food was good but perhaps I'd recommend a reservation earlier in the day and hope that would alleviate the service issues.
3	Whenever I am in Vegas, I want to try Food Network Chef restaurants so for this trip we went and tried Emeril's Delmonico.... and was not blown away. Its either I had high expectations but other than enjoying the bread, their steaks and lobster bisque was little on the salty side (and I enjoy salty). Their salmon with the chorizo hash was pretty acceptable....but they are a steakhouse, so I expected more from their steaks! Not worth the $50 value....Binion's prime rib was way better and more reasonably priced!
2	I had expected this Emeril restaurant to be MUCH better than Mortons or Ruth Chris.  Very disappointed as it was just on par.Having tried dozens of steak houses, this was clearly NOT a good performer.  If this is your first time, or have a taste bud for Dennys, this is your gig.The $57 bone-in rib eye I had was so not tender, cooked raw, just poor when compared to the other non-celebrity famous steak houses (i.e. Metropolitan in Seattle).The waitor forgot 1/2 my requests, and it was clearly priced as a tourist trap.  Nothing like Emeril restaurant in New Orleans.Should have known that this be a tourist trap :(Its too bad, as I really like Emeril and think brings down the name brand he has built up in the past.
4	Thinking of what to say, I find it's hard to stay on track and remember that I'm reviewing a meat 'n potatoes steakhouse that doesn't go out of it's way to be too fancy or adventurous, it just strives to make good food in a nice environment. I think a little is lost if you forget Chef Emeril's philosophy; watch him on TV, the guy just likes good food.  Remember Erik, you didn't eat at Bouchon or French Laundry... you didn't go on a magical food adventure.  You had a steak.  A damned good steak.The ambiance is nice; dimly-lit, full-service, white-linen business casual kind of place.  The wife and I had good, attentive service, and our head waiter was a treat.  He was incredibly accommodating and helpful.  I had fun listening to him give the table next to us tips on eating in Vegas, steering that couple away from Tao ("A nightclub that happens to serve food.") and Cut ("Way too salty and LA pretentious for my taste.  Maybe they've toned it down... the salt, anyway.")We started out with two appetizers, as we usually do, our favorite Emeril's New Orleans BBQ shrimp with petite rosemary biscuit, and to get into the steakhouse mood, the wonderful truffle and parmesan potato chips.My wife had the filet mignon medallions crusted in mushrooms with a pan sauce, don't remember of what, and I had the 9 oz. filet mignon with a small pad of maitre'd butter, cooked to a warm, pink, bloody center.Both were EXCELLENT.  For dessert, we capped our meal, and ourselves off with Emeril's banana cream pie and the pecan pie.  I had a single jamaican blue mountain courtesy of cafes richard.  The food was excellent, service was spot-on, and atmosphere was great, if a tad noisy.  Unfortunately, the authentic Kobe filet I had at Fish House spoiled me on steaks forever, so as good as Delmonico is, I can only muster 4 stars.
2	Service was pretty good, food was pretty mediocre.  For the price, they get 2/5 stars.  I've had much better food before at this price point, and I've had much better steaks for much less (like the porterhouse at the Applebee's in Rutland, VT, for example).The main dings are from:1.  The steak was overcooked.  No better way to ruin a steak than to overcook it.  I ordered my steak medium-rare and it came out medium-well.  Maybe I shouldn't have assumed that a pricey steak house would always err on the side of raw, because they did the opposite.  To me, a steak that is cooked all the way through but still pink (as opposed to deep uncooked red) and having the same dry texture as well done is a medium-well, not a medium-rare.2.  The sides weren't done well.  The asparagus that we ordered was overcooked (soft and limp to the point that it was hard to pick a piece up with the fork).  The potatoes seemed overdone (the cheese was dried out instead of cheesy).  I do better asparagus at home and you can find better potatoes almost anywhere.  The cream corn w/ cheese was good, but nowhere near as good as the divey korean chicken place back home.They do have a large vine list.  They had a lot of European wines, although I'm not very familiar with them.  I was looking for South American wines.  I was a bit surprised that they had Malbec from Chile, but no Carmenere.  The main upsides are service and atmosphere.  The staff is very precise and they pay attention to little details like putting your napkin back in place when you get up and making sure all the plates arrive at the table simultaneously (although this trick would work better if I didn't see them swarming by the trays next to our table for two minutes trying to orchestrate the exercise for our table of 11).Overall, if you're looking more for the atmosphere and experience and care less about the food, check it out.  If you really want a great steak, you may be disappointed.
3	Disappointing or too high of expectations? When I am spending $50 for a steak (Bone-in Ribeye) which was recommended by the waiter was the best steak on the menu I have particularly high expectations. The dishes are all a la carte so I also ordered a side of Asparagus, Potatoes AuGratin and Garlic Mushrooms. The steak was a large serving (14 oz) but I found it lacked in flavor for my expectations. I have had better steak at high end restaurants....
2	I know I know.  The veg is only giving 2 stars to the steakhouse.I wanted to like it, I did.On our girls-weekend to Vegas, one gal requested at least one nice steak dinner.  So we did some research and ended up here.  Seated promptly at our reservation time on a Friday night after sitting only a few minutes in their version of a waiting room.As others have mentioned, when you order a steak ... that's what you get.  Not a piece of parsley to garnish, nothin' else is on that plate.  Our lil steak girl said her $45 steak was .... ok.  But, and I quote, she'd had a steak with more flavor at a certain Aussie steak chain.  Girl who ordered the chicken dish loved it and said it was worth the money.  The $9 side of mashed potatoes was yummy.  Little veg here ordered their vegetable plate (not on the menu, but when I asked what was available, our waiter offered this) and it cost me $30.  For grilled veggies - carrots, two types of onion, asparagus, and .... something else.  Not even squash!  A squash ravioli was on the menu, but not being served that night.Loud, no bathroom inside (have to walk around the corner in the casino), and there was NO decor to the place.  Maybe that's a style, but it ain't mine.The wine list is waaay extensive, almost to a fault.Service was overwhelming in that we had four separate waiters, but chaotic.  And it was 40 minutes from ordering to getting our food.Last complaint - if you have a nice restaurant, insist on some kind of basic dresscode.  I don't want to have spent time looking nice and then sit next to a table full of rednecks in Tasmanian Devil cartoon shirts.Sorry, but it isn't worth the money for herbivores or carnivores.
5	This probably tops my list of favorite restaurants.  I've been coming here since it first opened and it never disappoints.  The service here is impeccable, the steaks are amazingly delicious and the restaurant itself is very classy and decorated nicely.  I recommend the bone-in rib eye and filet mignon.
4	This is my 3rd visit to Delmonico and unfortunately I have to lowered my rating.This is mainly for the service. You would imagine a fine dining establishment like Delmonico would give you top notch service when you're there, it was average at best.I ordered a glass of wine, the bone in rib eye, the bone in new york, cream of corn, and a twice baked potato. The server kept insisting we add an appetizer and a half bottle of wine to our order. I know its their job to encourage customers to order more, but I had a sense the server felt like I wasn't spending enough to justify exceptional service.This may be a pet-peeve of mine, but I hate it when the server doesn't bring you the bill nor does he bring you back the bill after you paid. The runner did this. The runner also was the one who asked if I would like dessert. I know its a busy restaurant, but the server could have brought back the bill and asked if I enjoyed everything (what if something was wrong?). Again this is a pet-peeve of mine.Ratings for the food:Bone in Rib Eye: 5/5 starsBone in New York: 4/5 starsCream of Corn: 5 starsTwice Baked Potato: 4/5 starsRegular Idaho Potato (from a previous stay): 3/5 starsCalamari (from a previous stay): 3/5 starsDinner Rolls: 5/5 stars
3	I believe its a little overhyped, the place isn't as wonderful as I was told.  The service was definitely on par, however the quality of the food leaves something to be desired.  The name carries weight due to its reputation in other cities however when I tried it here, it didn't live up to its own reputation.  The chicken and salmon were decent at best, a friend had the steak which was pretty good but the side dishes failed.  overall not bad, but your money could be spent in better locations on the strip
1	Our perfect ending to Memorial Day weekend in Vegas had to be at a great restaurant- I Yelped and found that Delmonico Steakhouse had great reviews-  There were 7 of us girls including me that decided to dine there. Our reservations were at 10pm Sunday night we got seated right away. I do feel bad for giving 1 start because the service was EXCELLENT. However the food was soo dissapointing. We ordered calamari to share- the marinara sauce that accompanied it tasted like Ragu from a jar. Like I said 7 girls with 1 order of calamari there was more then 80% left on the plate. We then got our salads which i have nothing to complain about then again it was just greens and dressing- I ordered the cowboy ribeye which they are known for and the most popular menu item. I ordered it Medium. We also ordered creamed corn, spinich, potatoes au gratin, and asparagus. Cowboy Ribeye Steak- WORST STEAK EVER!!! it was over cooked too chewey and tasted old- I thought maybe it was just me but I had 3 of the girls taste and they thought the same- Really dissapointed :(Creamed Spinich- Undercooked Potatoes Au Gratin- Good but not the best I had ever had lacked flavorAsparagus- Cant go wrong with thatBottle of Wine was excellent we had the CuveeBottom line we were really dissapointed. I am not the type to complain so we did not let the staff know- You would think that they would notice we hardly ate anything but whatever. I know I wont be going there ever again or recommending it to anyone either. service was good but what good is the service if the food sucked this bad :(
5	Had the most amazing dinner here with my wife the other night.  Very fancy restaurant, but gives off a warm ambiance.  We were looking for a great meal to spend $150-200 on, and we hit it out of the park with this place located in the Venetian shoppes.  Quick rundown:Food was absolutely amazing.  My wife had the BBQ Salmon and she is still talking about it days later.  I had the rib-eye and I have to say that it was on par with any other steak I have had, including my fav Maestro's.  Service was what you would expect from an establishment like this, impeccable.  Constant checking in and recommendations that were absolutely perfect!  Was impressed when I asked for a wine recommendation with my steak I was not told the most expensive bottle they had, rather the one that went best with the meal.Overall if you are in Vegas and looking for a classy and elegant dinner that will cost you, give this place a try.  I don't believe you will be disappointed.
4	I had fillet, it was wonderful.  Great service, nice atmosphere.  The sides were pretty good, especially wild mushrooms:) The chef overcooked my BF's steak, so they quickly offered him a substitute.  Great wine list:) Enjoy!!!!
4	I took my wife and daughter here during spring break. Whow. We each ordered a different kind of steak. Each came out exactly as ordered and at exactly the same time! The steaks were a lot bigger than expected and we had to ask for doggie boxes. (We finished it off the next day!) Great wine selection. Great service.My only complaint is the table are too close together and if the people next to you do not bump you, the waiter does as he passes between tables. That was a real pain. They need to rearrange the seating. Ask for a corner table to avoid this problem. If they fix that, I would give them five stars.
5	The BF and I went on a trip to Vegas and decided to try Delmonico Steakhouse since I like Emeril on the Food Network & had yet to eat at one of his restaurants. I would just like to say...Service, service, service... The servers here are phenomenal. Their recommendations were exactly what we were looking for and didn't know we wanted. About 1-2 week after our meal there, our waiter sent us a personalized and hand signed card to our house thanking us for our patronage and hoping to see us again. Neither of us had had that happen before and haven't seen it since. To start, I had the Organic Baby Mixed Greens Salad with Creole Spiced Croutons, Sherry Vinaigrette, Shaved Manchego Cheese, Teardrop Tomatoes and Red Onion. I have been attempting to recreate this salad and dressing at home since we ate there. I then had the Filet (I like to compare them from place to place), and it was delicious, so tender, and had a fantastic seared crust that gave it plenty of flavor. I also had the Potato Gratin and Asparagus, which were both scrumptious. While this was an expensive meal, it was certainly a highlight to our trip to Vegas.
5	INCREDIBLE SERVICE!  The waiters would not put a plate on the table unless it had been checked meticulously to make sure it was correct. Everyone in the party is served at the same time.  Did not wait once for a refill.  The filet was perfectly seasoned and cooked and it melted in my mouth.  The banana cream pie was awesome.  Ambiance was plain - there was no art on the walls.  Creamed corn side dish was excellent as well.
4	Before you digest any of my review it is important to say that I travel to Vegas on business and I find that with very few exceptions the restaurants, even the nice ones, to be poor imitations of what one would find in a city that hasn't been painted into existence.Nonetheless, the steak I had at Delmonico was excellent and the service refreshing by Vegas standards.  The table-side Caesar salad preparation makes for good show and equally excellent taste.  It's not the quietest or the most interesting interior design, very basic and elegant if perhaps a bit crowded.  If you want a nicely cooked piece of quality meat only slightly on the spendy side this is a recommended option.
2	Went for my wife's Birthday and was very unimpressed with the food and service. Went to a show before so I dropped a wonderful bottle of wine before and felt insulted when the man at the front desk said "you know there is a $25 fee for corkage". If he would have bothered to look at the bottle he would have noticed that it was a very high end bottle of Napa Cab. Anyhow, we were seated and our waiter was trying to tell us how smart and connected he was with all the wineries and  then mispronounced the name of our wine. He never offered to decant it, that was unacceptable. So I ordered the Bone in Rib Eye and it was the toughest piece of steak I have had in a long time. My wife had he filet and loved it. We had creamed spinach and sauteed mushrooms for our side, They were average at best. After mentioning the steak issue the waiter said he would "let somebody know". He never came back during service so I never had the chance to send it back. The waiter came back and said that corkage was $ 30 and he got someone to waive it. Funnt the guy up front said it was $ 25. Bottom line was Delmonico did not produce 5 Star food or service. Will not go back.
5	This place was the bomb-digity!  One of the best meals I've ever had.  I know they are known for the bone-in ribeye but go with the filet oscar style.   My crew and I were out for my bachelor party and we had a 10:30PM dinner and we ended up staying there till about 1 in the morning.  The wait staff was awesome, not pushy at all and very helpful.  Even joked with us a little bit.  We were definitely the last ones in the place but they were happy to let us stay as long as we wanted.  Highly recommend this place, very classy.
3	Maybe it's the media hyped downturned economy or maybe D's was having a bad Friday night but......this isn't the same Delmonico's I've experienced for many years prior (pre-yelp and post-yelp).  12 people again dined as we do every year at Delmonico's around the same time of the year and everyone I think felt it was not entirely the same restaurant.   Service: Great service as always but noticeably reduced in staff size, not as sharp (forgot my Voss that I ordered with my meal - $20 water you better remember it)Ambiance: Not a lot of people in the restaurant for a prime hour on a Friday night.  Everyone seemed a little sullen. Wine: Malbec recommended by Sommelier... not good, expensive, tasting notes didn't match the true flavor... the server had to notice nobody drinking it.Food: Truffled Chips:  They were good, truffle oil evident and tasteyAmuse Bouche:  Flank Steak + peanut oil, a little overcooked, freeWedge:  Watery blue cheese dressing, salty... had betterLobster Bisque Soup:  Fishy, thick, sub-par Bone In Ribeye:  Didn't taste anything like the previous years, possible downgraded steaks?  No earthy taste to the palate, thinner chop than normal.  Foie Gras served over steak made the steak better and could of eaten the FG by itself.  Filet:  good, again tasted downgraded, maybe Choice +Oscar side:  good and very tasteyLobster:  not recommended by waiter but it was good, actually the better of the entrees....strange right?Desserts (we eat a lot of this)  Birthday cake.... the fudge frosting was good but the cake suckedBlueberry Cobbler:  awesome!!  this is always goodBanana Cream Pie:  ehh....only half eatenKey Lime Tart:  overly sugary and made my teeth hurt, it had a strange sugar taste...didn't remind me of key lime anything... sent back.Last 4-5 years I gave 5 stars and would of given 6 if possible... this year was a 3, nothing memorable but an expensive bill.  I hope this economy turns around or what ever it is and I can enjoy my Delmonicos next year at what I've known it to be.
3	This popular dining spot deserves its reputation as the best steakhouse in Vegas. The ribeye steak was as good as it gets. The house special bacon-wrapped quail was cooked to perfection. But the banana cream pie was horrible. It almost seemed like we were served a slice that was two weeks old - Very dry and not very creamy.Too bad the meal ended with luke warm coffee and no refills to wash down the pie. I have to say the service was uneven, like we were an afterthought once dessert was served.
4	Yum.Yum.YumCame here 4th of July weekend to celebrate my gf bday.We made reservations for a party of 8. However, we arrived an hour late but they still seated us immediately. Thumbs up.I really wasn't paying attention to what everyone else was ordering so I'll just list what we got..Crab CakesRib Eye Steak Shrimp Fettucinni with SausagesSteamed Broccoli ($10 for a small bowl.. I really wanted to go to the Frozen isle and buy one for $1.50) hahaOrange Zest Cheesecake (My Fav)Everything came out to $180 but this included tax and gratuity.The food was delicious, especially the steak. Not overcookedor too much seasoning. It was just right.For the pasta they serve large portions of the shrimp. Not the baby shrimp you have to go digging for.Ah ha and the crab cake was very good! I don't deal with that imitation crab. Yuck! It was not a huge portion but enough to make me happy.I heart the Cheesecake! It's a must! You can definately taste the Orange zest, which makes it original for your typical strawberry..etc..etcThe service was great. Why 4 stars instead of 5? Because they wouldn't allow us to sing Happy Birthday in the restaurant.Geeze are there any exceptions?Overall, I would highly recommend this place. Scrumdelumcious!
4	Second favorite steakhouse in LV.  Best service and coolest staff all around.  Very attentive and accommodating.  Tuan the GM is the best!  This is why I have eaten here for 10+ years.  The best experience here was in the kitchen table a few years ago.  A must do at least once if you want to feel like a rockstar!  All the steaks here excellent here along with the sides and truffle chips.  Too bad they stopped serving the chocolate souffle.
3	The good:Really great service. Bone in ribeye was cooked perfectly medium rare.Corn was good. The bad:"Signature" barbeque shrimp. Just tasted like crappy BBQ sauce on a regular shrimp. Actually just prefer lemon and butter.Lobster bisque. eh.Not a bad experience really but if capital grille in Vegas is anything like the one in NY I'd rather go there and get their lobster mac n cheese and delmonico steak.
4	Came here per a friend's recommendation. My friend and I had the bbq shrimp appetizer which was tasty. We ordered the bone in rib eye with a side of mushrooms and spinach.  The steaks are HUGE and topped with butter. Butter makes everything taste better. We both couldn't finish our steaks but it was pretty darn good.
5	Excellent Ribeye!!!!!
5	It takes a lot for me to give 5 Yelp stars to a restaurant. I'm the type of Yelper that just loves to find things to hate about the restaurants I dine in. I love being critical, what can I say. But, as much as it pains me to say this, I didn't find one thing I hated about Delmonico Steakhouse. (ARGH!!)The lobster bisque. Excellent. Best lobster bisque I've ever had in my life. Hands down. Add a little bit of cracked pepper on top and you have a wonderful tasting starter complete with its generous portion of lobster meat. I should've asked for a second order of it.My ribeye was perfectly cooked and flavorful. Ribeye is usually a cut of meat with a good amount of fat on it. My ribeye had the perfect balance of meat and fat. Fat means flavor, people! I was glad I didn't have to cut off too much of it from my meat. We ordered a side of roasted fingerling potatoes (w/ whole garlic and fresh herbs) and buttered fresh broccoli. These sides complimented my ribeye very well, but I'm being a little biased here because broccoli and fingerling potatoes are my favorite veggies (#1 and #2, respectively). I couldn't finish the massive 16 oz. piece of meat and the sides, so I took them all to go. I wound up eating the rest of it for breakfast the next morning. Can you say best breakfast ever? Yes.Apart from a patron at the restaurant that was loud and sounded like Mr. Krabs from Spongebob Squarepants, my dining experience here was top notch! I couldn't ask for more from the food, service, and ambiance. You're welcome, Delmonico Steakhouse...
5	Excellent food and service. Some areas of the restaurant get bad phone reception. Dining area is sectioned so you can have a private dinner while larger parties can be seated into one of the rooms which can be setup exclusively for larger parties.It is very close to the blue man group theater inside Venetian.
5	Man.. I'm drooling just thinking about the wonderful birthday meal I had here (courtesy of dearest Hubby).I loved how the theme of the restaurant was very New Orleans/Cajun inspired.Before we even ordered, we got to try these ox tail thingies, compliments of the chef. Pretty good.We started with the BBQ shrimp. Delish.I had the filet, and Hubby had the bone-in filet. According to him, it was extremely good, and he liked it better than the bone-in at Fleming's. I absolutely loved my filet. It had a cajun spice flavor, and it was so good that I didn't even want to dip it in Emeril's version of A1 sauce (yeah.. it's an Emeril restaurant.. didn't know that till I looked at the menu, and I admit initially I was a little turned off by that).We shared asparagus and mushrooms as sides, and their mushrooms were superb. They didn't use the button mushrooms that most steakhouses use. Instead, I think they were shiitake mushrooms, or some sort of mushrooms that tasted similar/looked similar to shiitake mushrooms. Either way, very good.We ended the meal with a complimentary sorbet that was yum, and we also ordered their dessert of the night, which was a blackberry cheesecake that was yum as well.Lastly, according to Hubby, they had a great wine selection.
1	HORRIBLE.  absolutely horrible.  i've had dental surgeries that were more enjoyable than this evening and paying the bill was like paying taxes.i know a lot of yelpers have had good experiences and i apologize if i'm bringing those down.  but for us, we called months in advance to make reservations.  because of a show we were to attend we had to have dinner late that evening.  so in making the reservations we asked the person if that would be a problem.  we had no desire to be rushed through dinner and out of the restaurant, so we would have changed our plans if it would have been an issue.  she told us, "oh no problem, absolutely no problem.".  we even told her what our worries about a late reservation were and again she assured us, "no problem".  so when we got there we ordered salads and wine.  i noticed the waiter kept pushing us to order so i told him "we'd like to finish our salads before we order".  sure enough....."well our kitchen is going to close in 15-minutes so you have to place your order now".  what do you do?  i'd already ordered a $200.00 bottle of wine.  so we ordered our meal.although the steak was good the vegetables looked like they had sat on the stove most of the evening.  the potato was so cold it wouldn't even melt the butter they shoved in it.  i couldn't believe it.  i managed to get through most of the steak, giving up when all around me the wait staff started setting up tables for the next day.  you would think at a minimum they would have left the lights turned down low so we could have enjoyed our meal with some sense of ambience.  but i guess the wait staff wouldn't have been able to see the glasses they were polishing at every table around us.  literally every table around us.  of course the music was turned off once the lights came up so we got to listen to all their conversations for entertainment.our waiter was arrogant border-lining on rude.  this one is funny, get this....when i asked for a wine recommendation he actually looked at me and said, "how much would you like to spend.  $50.00?".  residing in hawaii we were in dress aloha wear but i assure you we didn't look like we were going to try to pay with food stamps.  when we were seated he was so kind and cordial to the table of young ladies next to us i was surpised at what we got out of him.  i guess i should have strapped on some boobs to increase our chances of decent respectable service.     i think the worse fallout from this experience for me is now i don't want to waste time or energy going to one of the major chef's restaurants.  i mean this was emeril's place for god sakes.  i'm originally from the south and understand southern hospitality, which i thought emeril attempts too express in everything he does.  i assure you it doesn't exist in this place.  this restaurant has literally turned me against "fine dining".  i should have went to the hard rock and saved $350.00.  anyone know where i can buy strap-on boobs?  i might want to try fine dining again sometime.
5	One of best steaks I've had. Definitely a solid 4.5 even better, I dined on lobster bisque, a bone in ribeye  steak w/ smashed potatoes, sauted mushrooms and creamed spinach. My steak was was cooked to perfection, juicy throughout. not to mention the little things such as the pat of compound butter that added that punch. The lobster bisque was smooth and rich. The sides we're all great as well. The pricing was fair, it is a la carte steakhouse after all thats what you come to expect at an establishment like this. Service was just right, very attentive but at the same time the wait staff wasnt breathing down our neck. Loved my experience here, hopefully we will back again soon!
5	The best steak I've had so far.. Very good service and the bread was delicious!
5	Simply put; The finest Steakhouse in the country.  The food is always mind-blowing and the service is exceptional.  Bring your wallet cause you pay for the BEST.
3	this was highly recommanded from a good friend of mine, he said that this is one of the best steakhouses to visit in vegas so we had to give it a try....but this is not a fair review because we dined at cut two night before...
5	One of the best steak houses in Las Vegas. 3 of us ordered the bone in ribeye ($52 / order) and 1 of us ordered the filet (less than the bone in ribeye). I think the waiter said that the ribeye was a solid 19 ounce steak while the filet was 9 ounces so you can see the meat difference.Our server told us that they put a rub on the steak, the steak is carefully aged as well, and cook it with butter so it comes out with a nice char. Steaks were cooked perfectly and I like my steaks medium rare.We also paired it with a nice Sequoia Grove Cabernet Sauvignon 2006.The appetizers that we had were the truffle oil chips, creamed corn and sauteed mushrooms. The truffle and parmesan chips are a must to get...they're heavily!!! (couldn't taste the parmesan...even though I dislike cheese).It's a must try steak house if you're ever in Las Vegas for a great meal!!!
5	First, I want to say that it was totally cool to be able to make a reservation here via Open Table though Yelp. It was easy and I didn't have to sign up for any additional stuff. Big ups right there. I even received a confirmation email the night before (although I had already called to confirm the reservation).Our server name? Michael Jackson. He didn't moonwalk for us but it was probably the best single display of customer service in a restaurant that I've ever had the pleasure of dining in. He was engaging, attentive, and even dropping "kama'aina" and a few other Pidgin words upon realizing all of us were sitting there in our Sig Zane's (http://www.yelp.com/biz/sig-zane-designs-hilo).We actually started with a small sampler platter that was given to us on the house because we were with our friends who lived there. I guess they like to encourage Las Vegas locals to come down more often. It was juicy because of the veggies on top, but the meat was a bit crisp and even more on the burnt side for me. After that we ordered the Truffle Oil and Parmesan Potato Chips and Emeril's signature cajun New Orleans Barbecue Shrimp appetizers. The potato chips were highly addictive and had a super rich flavor to them. Add the Parmesan and the saltiness was of great compliment. One of the many highlights to the evening was the shrimp appetizer. The large shrimp were wonderfully crafted with just the right amount of spices to encourage their fresh sweetness to linger.I ordered the special Bone in Rib Eye Steak. It was perfectly cooked to medium. The thing was pretty large and I finished off most of it, but coupled with everything else we ordered, it was a tall task. My good friend ordered the Filet Mignon Medallions and they were spectacularly juicy and flavorful. I actually secretly wished I had ordered that instead.Ours sides consisted of Potato Gratin, caramelized Seasonal Onions, and Creamed Corn Gratinee. They all were excellent in their own right. My friend described the Potato Gratin as the single best dish of Potato Gratin he has ever had. Myself, I thought that the Seasonal Onions were spectacularly sweet. They blew my mind and I almost loaded up on those alone. The Corn Gratinee was also sweet, but it wasn't as good as the other two. Although, two spectacular sides out of three isn't too shabby.Overall, it was a great spending time with good friends over an excellent meal in addition to the wonderful service. It was worth every expensive penny I could slam on the credit card. I would easily recommend to anyone the experience. Reservations are highly recommended. One last note, we even got a hand-written thank you postcard less than a week later from Michael. That was really nice.
5	Delicious gumbo, chateaubriand, asparagus, and the most amazing mashed potatoes!  I thought the chateaubriand was a good value at $105 for two people, as it came with sides and was cooked to order at our table.  The wine was good, the service was great, all of the staff was friendly.  I think my favorite part was the warm dinner rolls.  I loved their wine list too.  I will definitely eat here next time I'm staying at the Venetian.
5	Hands down best steak (ribeye) I've ever ever had. Nice seasoning and aged steak. Try garlic sauteed wild mushrooms and potato gratin. Yummy. Wish I was eating it right now.. Drool...
4	We started off getting drinks at the bar as we waited for the rest of party to arrive.  Let me get this out, I love Spago and go there every time to meet my fav. chef, Eric Klein, and I was NOT impressed when the bartender starting dissing all the Wolfgang Puck restos.  I mean, I didn't like CUTthat much, but that's a diff review. So we kinda started off on the wrong foot. Nonetheless, the drinks were good. My boyfriend's mojito had a real sugar cane in it so I can't complain about that at all.I shared the 2 person fancy-shmancy made tableside Caesars salad and can only say that it tastes exactly like a caesar salad that would've been made in the kitchen.  I ordered the filet. Ate 1/2, passed it my boyfriend so he can finish it.  The wine selection was impressive. The bottle picked out was phenomenal and paired really well my entree.  I would recommend the sauteed mushrooms because everyone ordered a different side dish yet everyone ate my mushrooms so that should tell you something....
4	I went here for my friend's bachelor party's dinner.  I am not a steak person but after reading all the reviews here about the bone in rib eye and then hearing the waiter's description I was in for one.  I ordered it Medium Well.  When it came to the table I was expecting it to be tough, chewy, small, etc... When it arrived at the table it was a pretty big slab of meat and  when I cut into it and had my first slice it was totally opposite of what I was expecting.  It was soft, flavorful, and melted in your mouth.  I should have expected that instead since it was priced $52.  Best damn cooked to order piece of steak I have ever had to this day =)
5	The BEST steakhouse ever. The perfect amount of seasoning/flavor and a nice huge cut of perfectly cooked bone-in ribeye earns this establishment a 5 from me. every time I eat at a different steakhouse I always compare it to Delmonico's. Some other steakhouses in LV might hold a higher rating from "professional reviewers", but seriously, they don't hold a candle to this joint.
5	I always try to come here whenever I visit Las Vegas.  This is probably one of my favorite steakhouses.  I made a reservation with the request of a nice private table.  I arrived at the restaurant and was immediately greeted by the hostess.  I was about 10 minutes early, but being thirsty I wanted to get a drink at the bar anyway.  I ordered a Tanqueray and tonic and my date a glass of wine.  Drink was made well, just the right amount of gin.  The bar area is nice with a few tables along with the view people walking to and fro from the Palazzo.  We were brought to out table, a nice and private one which I requested.  Our server arrived and told us about the specials for the evening.  The one that stood out was the heirloom tomato salad.  I then previewed the wine list, which was very very extensive.  I eventually decided on a bone New York strip medium rare and my date a scallop dish, as she did not really eat steak.  We also ordered the creamed spinach and mashed potatoes.  We received the heirloom tomato salad.  The salad was amazing, tomatoes were fresh and full of flavor and just had the right amount of seasoning and dressing (O&V).  When produce is that good, it's always wise to treat it simply, which Delmonico did.  After our salad, the server brought over an amuse bouche on the house, which I've had previously.  A tortilla chip with a simple seafood ceviche.  It tasted decent, though I like my ceviche with a little more acid.  I couldn't complain because it was on the house.  A few moments later our main courses arrived.  My steak was cooked perfectly medium rare and just enough seasoning that served to enhance the flavor of the steak.  I could also tell that this New York strip was of a high quality cut because of the lack of connective tissue and sinews.  My date's scallop dish was very delicious, but I was so focused on my steak I forgot what the scallops came with, I believe it was served over polenta.  The creamed spinach was decent, though I am usually not a fan of such a heavy side.   The mashed potatoes also were decent.  However the star during this dinner was the steak.  Service was impeccable.  Staff was very friendly and everything came out the way we wanted, in the proper time.  Delmonico never disappoints.  The only other steakhouse that rivals this in LV is "Cut."  Though I like the ambience in Delmonicos better.  Will I come back? YES!!! 5 stars because of phenomenal food, great ambience and impeccable service.
4	Steak Lover's motto: A steak cooked beyond medium rare is fit only for dogs.Like many a Vegas Steakhouse, I feel like the excitement and constant crowds provide easy business to this high-end restaurant and that easy patronage has caused them to rest a little on their laurels. The service I received was adequate but not commensurate with the price level of this restaurant. The side dishes were very good. The steak was also very good, but at this price, it should have been exceptional. The ribeye was very tasty. It obviously came from a happy, well-fed and fatty bovine donor. The unusual cajun seasoned rub was also a unique and complimentary twist. It was cooked to the requested temperature (rare), and it tasted great. My beef with their beef is simple: it could have been served with a hotter searing, on a hotter plate, and in a larger portion size. For the price, I expect a larger steak than this, and for that reason, I would probably go to Mastro's next time. The meal was good enough that I would still go here again for another try if I get dragged along by other friends. We'll see how that goes. Till then, bon appetit!-The Beef Baron
5	Emeril doesn't disappoint! I always take the time to try new high-end restaurants when in Vegas, as there are so many to choose from. This trip was for my boyfriend's birthday, so I wanted something Italian and steak as he requested. This was by far one of the best dinners we have ever had. The food was amazing from salads to lobster bisque to a book of a wine list to the Chateaubriand Carved Tableside for Two, which was basically a filet for two cut into strips at our table. It was superb! It has been 3 months and we're still talking about it! My only issue was that the green salad was too salty. Besides that, the steak and sides were seasoned to perfection. The atmosphere was quiet and as if in a well furnished dry wine cellar; very romantic.All in all, it was VERY expensive but worth every penny. I recommend this to anyone looking for a high end romantic steak dinner in Vegas.
5	This is my go to spot when I have a steak craving and money to burn. My last birthday was spent here and it was worth. My son and I went, he's 11, and there wasn't any down grade to the service despite it being only 2 of us. I have had this happen in other high end places where they see a kid and think small check. This was some of the best carpaccio around, the drinks were awesome and the steaks cooked perfect;y.
5	This is a great place for steak!  I love the red meat and this was on par with the best I've had.  Not quite as flashy as some of the other steak joints, but who cares when the food is great.  We had some apps to start: chips were awesome and the tartar was fantastic.  Moving on to the bone in Ribeye was a 10. It was cooked to perfection and the crust from the sear was just right.  A little bit of butter on top and wala perfection.  The wine list is pretty comprehensive as well.  Prices were surprisingly reasonable.
5	By FAR one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.  I have eaten here many times for dinner and was able to have lunch as well.  Lunch was just as good and less expensive here as dinner.  What I love most about this place is the variety on the menu.  It is all typical steakhouse fare but with lots of choices and executed very well.  The typical blue cheese wedge is so decadent with large chunks of cheese and caramelized bacon, all other wedge salads will not do it for you in the future.  The lobster bisque is sweet and creamy and is a must have each time you go.  Important hint: don't pass up dessert - a true quality restaurant will have a well rounded and exciting dessert menu.  Delmonico's never fails.  My favorite is anything chocolate/peanut butter or Baily's Irish cream inspired.  This restaurant always seems to have something like this on their menu.  Desserts are rich, gooey with a multitude of flavor combos.  Just what I like :)
5	WOW! Incredible all around! They had such great, great food. The service was exceptional everyone must get served at the same time, and when you get a salad (we got caesar) they make it table side. I can't think of one thing to complain about. I had a perfect experience here!
4	I've watched Emeril on the FoodNetwork Channel for years.. I even used to tape his shows through my VCR (yes VHS tapes). I have heard of this place through a friend that told me that everytime his brother goes to Vegas he eats here. So, when I found out that it was Emeril's Restaurant, I was even more eager to try this place! Well, I finally had the chance to experience this restaurant, whose owner is one of the most enthusiastic and giddy chef's around! I had made reservations a couple hours prior and when we got there we were seated within seconds. Place was pretty occupied with plenty of men dressed in suits, a few couples and  loud crowds that had their drunken voices echoing throughout the restaurant. All the staff members were well postured with every movement from pouring drinks to picking up finished plates off the table. The place is contemporary, a minimalist dream with large and very comfortable dining chairs.The order:Vine-Ripened Tomato Salad: Tomatoes were juicy, plump and tasted so fresh. The tomatoes combined with the red onion, fresh mozzarella, extra virgin olive oil and balsamic vinegar = 4.5/5 starsLobster Bisque: Wow! I've had this dish a couple other times at other fancy restaurants and this one just blew those away! The flavor of the soup was smooth and had just the right amount of lobster flavor, not rich at all. Came with a few pieces of lobster.. what a tease! Potato Gratin: came in a mini pan with the whole top completely lightly crusted brown. I grabbed my fork, broke into the soft crust and scooped up bite with a little bit of everything on it (crust,  potato and cheese). One of the better potato side dishes I've ever had!Creamed Corn Gratinee: also came in a mini pan with a crumble/breaded top layer. The breading went well with the corn but overall it was just good.Bone In Rib Steak: Server asked me if I wanted Emeril's Essence and slice of butter placed on my steak. I told him that I wanted it the way it should be served.. Shortly, the steak was finally served with a thin slice of butter with the evident Emeril Magic Dust "BAM!" sprinkled over  the meat. It was a healthy portion and did look Fantasteak! Not the softest steaks I've had but had a Nice Chew, not the juiciest but was far from dry, overall had a very well rounded quality to it. No Complaints! Emeril's Banana Cream Pie: Came Tall with layers whip cream, generous amount of banana slices, banana cream and thin crust. There was also chocolate sprinkled/shavings  on top and caramel spread on the bottom. A great way to finish a fine dinner! *Also had a glass of some French Honey Wine to compliment the pie, it was on the sweeter side but worth trying.Being A FAN of Emeril For Years, Had High Expectations.. The Place Delivered but Not with Flying Colors..
2	Looking at all the reviews, maybe I went on an off night, but I've had better steaks at home on my own grill from the local market.  Went with a group of 9 and ordered the "surf and turf" consisting of the ribeye and a seafood mashed potato combo.The good - Mashed potatoes were excellent, generous lump seafood, very tasty.  Side dishes also were excellent.The disappointing - The ribeye.  Ordered it medium rare, as did my friend next to me.  Both of our steaks were probably cooked closer to medium, neither was juicy or tender, there seemed to be no marbled fat content at all, and the texture was almost grainy.I'll eat everything from In N Out to more foodie type establishments, always with a smile on my face, but this experience was a bit of a shock to me.  I've had ribeyes for 1/3 the price but infinitely better.  Weird.  But I think I'd rather try somewhere else as I wouldn't want a repeat experience at that price point.
5	During a recent visit to Las Vegas, Delmonico Steakhouse was one of our top priorities. We had heard wonderful things about the food and this review was echoed when our driver commented that Delmonico was "one of the best steakhouses in the world." Upon arriving we felt like VIP guests. The bar was sleek and high class. We were there to celebrate and friend's upcoming move and this was the perfect setting. The dining room was tastefully decorated and the minimalistic style allowed us to focus on the delicious food and good company. Among the appetizers we tried our favorites were the Foie Gras and Crabcakes. The appetizers set the tone for what would be an incredible dining experience. I suppose it should go without saying but the next course was STEAK! Filets and Bone-in Ribeyes were the popular picks with the guest of honor going for the Filet Oscar (a filet topped with jumbo crab meat), which was the group's favorite. The steaks lived up to their reputation. The sides were a la carte and were great for sharing. And it was all tied together with a Sineann Pinot Noir from the expansive wine list. We enjoyed the meal so much we did not get a chance to try the dessert menu. Service was outstanding. Our server, Michael, was very attentive and enhanced the entire experience. Everyone ranked our evening at Delmonico amongst their favorite dining experiences. The food, drinks and service were top-notch and it was the perfect send-off for a good friend.
5	Excellent steakhouse. Every time I visit Las Vegas I make sure to get a comp for Delmonico. It consistently remains a solid restaurant. One of my favorite restaurants overall.Service is great.Food is amazing. Trumpets sounded when I took my first bite into the "Bone-In Ribeye." I would highly recommend that you discuss with your server the definition of medium rare and medium. I know one time a friend said it was undercooked for medium rare, but honestly it was fine. He had a different definition for medium rare based on past experiences with "other steakhouses" (but I am not sure I would refer to them as real steakhouses).
5	they got the best steak in the WEST!!!! every time i go to Vegas thats one stop i dont miss.....the staff is super friendly and helpful....
5	I am picky, VERY PICKYI have been here a dozen times, NEVER a complaint.These people ONLY do perfection.The steaks are amaZING!5 stars baby!who would give this place less than 5 stars????WIERD??
4	Pretty pricey, but the food is good. Tried escargot for the first time here, and I was impressed. It is an OK place to eat alone, but would be better with a special someone. Nice atmosphere.
4	My quest for trying all the highly rated steakhouses in Vegas brought me to Delmonico. And I wasn't disappointed. My prime rib-eye steak was cooked perfectly (mid-rare), seasoning was spot on and your steak wont be distracted by a pool of butter.Try topping it with a generous piece of Foie Gras if you don't mind the occasional stoppage of the heart.Unlike alot of other steakhouse where you feel cramped, and surrounded by ear deafening drunks, at Delmonico the ceiling is high, tables are placed with room to run around (not recommended). And you have ample room to stretch your stomach and legs while not eavesdropping on the other table's encounter with "girls directly to your room".I would love to give Delmonico 5-stars, however, their sides had a lackluster performance. A little adventure wouldn't hurt, it is Vegas afterall.So my quest continues with N9NE and Stripsteak coming up in a month. Good Luck to me!
5	i come here every time i visit vegas. the bone-in ribeye is solid, i usually eat at the bar by myself, servers are friendly and attentive without being intrusive.
5	I'm not a big Emeril fan and I didn't like Table 10 when I ate there. But, I was craving a good steak and crab cake so I crossed my fingers and made reservations for my birthday dinner. When we checked in with the hostess she wished me a happy birthday and, after waiting a few minutes in the lounge, seated us at a table tucked away in a corner of a room that was off of the main dining area. Typically when my wife and I go out to eat we get stuck at the crappiest 2-top the restaurant has to offer. But this time around we were at a nice, big, four person table in a low-traffic area in the quietest part of the restaurant.Now, on to the food...//Appetizers//* Jumbo lump crab cake - a single crab cake with fennel, tomato and an herb salad on top. The crab cake was sitting on a slightly tangy, tartar-like herb emulsion. While it tasted delicious it just can't compare to real jumbo lump crab cakes from Baltimore. The Delmonico crab cake consisted of crab mixed with a binding element that tasted like a mayonaise based mix. Personally, I prefer crab cakes with little else other than crab and some old bay. But, for a crab cake outside of Maryland, this one was still very good.* Roasted butternut squash ravioli - The ravioli, sitting in a sage brown butter sauce, was excellent. The shredded duck on top of the ravioli was excellent. But, the pairing seemed slightly odd and unnecessary. Sure, eating the two together was a sweet and savory delight that gave my taste buds a happy ending but I think the ravioli was good enough to stand on its own. The duck was a little overkill on a dish that was already fabulous.//Amuse Bouche//* Shrimp dumpling - Our apps were served so quickly that they came out before the amuse bouche, which the waitress brought out as we started digging in to the appetizers. This may not have been proper protocol, but we still appreciated the additional dish. The waitress called it a shrimp dumpling, but it was fried like a fried wanton. Whatever you want to call it, it was served with a yuzu sauce and cucumber. It was a tasty bite -- a touch of acidity and tartness with some crunch -- but it felt out of place. I thought Delmonico was a southern restaurant... what are they doing serving a heavily inspired Asian dish?//Entree//Filet mignon with a side of sauteed garlic wild mushrooms - We weren't all that hungry so we split the entree. They didn't mind splitting the steak before it was served to us. When it came out each was on it's own plate with a small piece of butter resting on top (health food this is not). We ordered it medium rare, but it came out closer to rare. No problem, I don't mind a little blood. Their steaks have a creole seasoning rub that makes for a strong peppery taste (they definitely kicked it up a notch). It's unique compared to the taste of other steaks around town and while it was a touch too salty, the filet was so tasty and tender that it didn't matter. The mushrooms were pure buttery, garlicky awesomeness. A great accompaniment to the filet.//Dessert//* Banana rum sorbet - With all the other stuff we ate we were feeling full so this light, complimentary dessert was perfect -- at least in theory. It's flavor was too subtle and bland, but still a decent way to cleanse the palate. It was free after all, so I shouldn't complain. The final thing served was a plate of mignardises -- while none were spectacular, they provided a deliciously sweet ending to a great meal.I only glanced at the wine list, as my wife and I only got a couple wines by the glass. But, in flipping through their extensive list I saw plenty of bottles priced well below $100. Some as low as $40. So, it looked like they had something for everyone, no matter what your price range.The service was top notch. We were waited on by two people who were very attentive, constantly checking if we liked everything, needed anything, and refilling drinks. It was odd how quick everything was served. Our apps came out within 10 minutes of ordering (before the amuse) and our entree came out right after we finished our apps. Everything seemed so fast-paced. On the way out the hostesses again wished me a happy birthday. This was some of the best service I've gotten at any restaurant in Vegas.The atmosphere felt like an upscale restaurant, of course, with it's wine room, stone wall (on one side), and vaulted ceilings. But, the white walls looked so bare. A touch of paint could do wonders. Even adding more flair would make it more comforting and welcoming. My favorite thing about the decor was probably the chairs. They're large leather chairs that were so comfy. Perfect seating for a steakhouse, in contrast to the office chair seating at CUT.I wasn't expecting to be blown away by Delmonico, but every aspect of my dining experience was as good as any other steakhouse I've been to in this city.4.5 Stars
5	My friend and I really wanted to try one of the best steakhouses in Vegas, and people kept telling us about how great Delmonico was, so we gave it a try. It was my friend's birthday dinner and she is a huge meat eater, I on the other hand don't actually like steak all that much, but WOW! It is absolutely impossible not to enjoy your meal here. We were in a rush because we had tickets to a show and we were already running late. We advised our maitre d' that we had barely one hour to eat dinner and be on our way. He went above and beyond to make sure we got service fast and made the show on time. Not only was he absolutely efficient in making sure our food came out quickly, but he was also super friendly and attentive with us. Our cocktails took no time at all to arrive and were done perfectly. We didn't have time to get appetizers which was a big disappointment, so we went straight for the main course. I had the rib eye and smashed potatoes, my friend had the fillet Mignon and fingerling potatoes, and we also shared some buttered asparagus. All the food was top notch and delicious. My rib eye was cooked to a perfect medium rare, and was well seared on the outside. Like I said, I don't particularly like steak but this was mind blowing amazing! I had a few bites of my friend's fillet Mignon and it was melt in your mouth goodness. I don't know that it could be possible, but it was even better than my rib eye. Amazing. The sides were also very good, specially the country smashed potatoes which were buttery and creamy. They had bacon and what I think were leeks in them. Yum. The asparagus were cooked to perfection and seasoned just right. I did not try the fingerling but my friend said she wasn't overly impressed by them. My friend was also surprised with an apple cider sorbet and a candle - for her birthday. The sorbet was delicious, light and refreshing. All in all our visit to Delmonico was fantastic and worth every single dollar we paid. Dinner here is pricey, but seriously if you find yourself in Las Vegas, you'd be crazy not to come here!
5	My new favorite steak house!! Ordered wine, got the bbq Shrimp as an appetizer then started with the Lobster Bisque then the real deal came my medium rare Bone in Rib eye then finished it off with creme brulee.  Bbq shrimp! just so yummy!!!! The Lobster Bisque was nice and creamy. The steak was the melt in your mouth type of steak. Great flavor and nothing close to being dry. The creme brulee was delicious!  I've tried a few steak houses and thought they were pretty good but after trying this place....  This is really "woohoo! As good as it gets!"  five stars.Thank you Emeril!!!!
4	Not bad but there are more exciting dining adventures to be had in Vegas.The New Orleans Barbecue Shrimp and Creole Boiled Shrimp Cocktail are great starters but the strong spice flavor do not pair well with wines.Since this place bills itself as a steakhouse, I thought I should give them a try.  The steaks are quality cuts and well aged but the subtle flavors that develop with aging are lost because of the creole seasoning.  Once again, the seasoning does not pair well with most traditional steak wines.  Try a full bodied red zin.Service is excellent.  Prices are OK.  Wine prices are also fair by Vegas standards.Unlike most restaurants, lunch is NOT a better deal than dinner.  Prices are the same, you just have fewer choices.Still though, there is little wrong with Delmonico.  Well worth a try.
5	BY FAR my favorite steakhouse in the country.  The steak is seasoned perfectly, no sauce required.  All sides we ordered were great and I think we ordered every side on the menu, you must get truffle and parmesan chips!  The service is incredible, a completely orchestrated dinner service is always impressive when your at a table of 9 and each plate hits the table at the same time.  Servers/staff are watching every movement and are very good at anticipating needs and requests.  The dining room has a modern minimalist look but very nice, you dont hear this much but the tables and chairs were really nice.  When in Vegas make sure you go to Delmonico.
4	Came here for thanksgiving dinner. The place is nice, spacious, classy, definitely serve the older crowd/family scene. Food was good, nothing to complain about but nothing that WOW-ed us. Although i must say the steak tartare was awesome!One thing to note, i didn't like the fact that the servers/hostess looked at my bf and i like we can't afford this or something, not sure if it's because we are young couple. It just have that weird/uncomfortable feelings. We were well-dressed and have the proper table ,manners etc. Weird feelings. (i still give it 4 star for the service and food though)
4	solid experience for dinner. grits were very good as a side as was the tuna and salmon tartare for appetizer. ordered bone in NY strip which was $46. was good, though perhaps a bit more fat than i prefer. wine menu very extensive, like 130 pages long or something.....
5	Each bite of the bone in rib eye I had was bursting with flavor.  Pure heaven. Service was top notch as was the food.  Had the fillet Mignon as well, also delicious, but the bone in rib eye, that's their money maker!
5	Ok, this is a lunch review..... I have had many burgers in my day and let me tell you, THIS IS THE BEST BURGER I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE. It takes around 20 minutes to prepare, so bring your patience with you....the beef that they use must come from heaven, because this burger is so tender juicy and flavorful.... I could eat another one right now... or maybe half... Thats about all I got through on this....  Its HUGE.....  its $18 bucks and I really didnt care at all when I paid because i felt like this was wellllll worth the money.....  and definitely order the Parmesan chips with truffle oil.... fantastic!!!
1	My family and business associates have visited Delmonico over the past eight years and in the past were delighted with the food (although we did notice some service slippage over the last couple years). However, the last visit in 2010 was a big disappointment. The food was just average and the service was terrible. My steak came to the table sans the melted butter and the server's solution was to bring a pat of butter several minutes later. There are too many outstanding restaurants for us to ever visit this restaurant again.
4	Definitely a fan of this place. Reminds me of a cross between my local favorites Ruth Chris in Irvine, Ca & Mortons in Santa Ana, Ca. Great service of course, awesome wine selection. Came her for my 40th & knew I was going to have steak so I went with their bone in ribeye & it was definitely not a mistake, no steak sauce necessary & never should need it at a good steak house. I'm never partial to chicken at more expensive places (I just don't see the point, may as well go all out & get the beef) but my wife had their roasted chicken & I had a taste of it & it was the most flavorful chicken dish I've ever had. I may just have to go against my favorites & get that the next time. All in all this place should be a 5 star but I've only been there once, I may adjust once I go back again in the new year.
1	Wow, I can't believe this place getting 4 stars. BAM to POOF to me.First off the bread ... if you do not know now to make a simple bread ... how hard it is ... even my homemade bread taste better than that hard piece of rock they served. Maybe it was just a bad day for me. But it cannot be that bad right. nooo ... but sorry to say ... it is a yes for me.Waiter ... service ... zero! rude and didn't ask if we are done and took everything away ... but the food was bad anyways take it away as fast as you can.Jumbo shrimp and petite fiilet mignon ... non fresh shrimp made for bad combo plus ... I ordered medium rare and it came out well done. hmm ... either the waiter doesn't know how to write his order or the head chef or whoever is cooking is just as bad as emeril lagasse himself. Then to coffee ... argh ... disgusting ... and we were like complaining and the waiter came by and asked ... we can brew a fresh one for you??? ... i was like WTF ... this was not a fresh brew to began with ... argh disgusting and chills all over my body ... so time to get out pronto!!!The only good thing that came out of this is the wine we ordered ... they have an extensive selection and kudos for that ... But I am never going back ... $55 for the entree ... I rather go to McD and I know what I am getting for $5.50.Thank you Dad who said that my cooking with a costco steak is better than whatever they whipped up at demonic ... haa haa.
4	I've heard mixed reviews from friends for Delmonico but I really enjoyed it! Too bad I stuffed myself during brunch at Bouchon, I really wanted to try more at Delmonico.+ easy to make reservations via Opentable.com (in fact I changed my reservation easily via smartphone)+ great location in the Venetian/Palazzo restaurant row; close to multiple show theaters+/- huge restaurant (didn't notice from outside but there's a lot of tables)- sitting by the kitchen; another group asked to be moved too because the bus boys run in and out of there like their shoes were on fire, it was kind of nerve-wrecking to watch them- the place wasn't 100% packed even though it was Christmas so I don't understand why the wait service was meh (no butter, no bread until after appetizers, slow to refill water, etc.)+ waiter hadn't come back to take our order and a manger (or whatever the guys in the suit vs. the aprons are called) stepped in+ we ordered the Chateaubriand $105 (for 2) for the 3 of us ("no, it's not frowned upon" haha)+/- the sides that came w/ the meat was okay (the mashed potatoes wasn't as bad as everyone says and the asparagus was so forced - it's not even in season right now)+/- Traditional New Orleans Gumbo $10 was not worth it - it was decent but I wouldn't order it again or recommend it to anyone (and whats up with serving it in a small sauce pan on the bowl, then pouring it into the bowl - does that mean that pan was just on the stove top aka dirty? and I didn't even get a chance to pick out all the green onion before it got mixed in, sigh)+ Vine-Ripened Heirloom Tomato Salad $17- pricey but it was tasty and this is coming from someone that doesn't like tomato unless it's in salsa form+ tasty wine and hefty wine BINDER ;-)We debated ordering a dessert but none of it sounded appetizing. If you can get it at the buffet, save the calories.I may come back to try some more stuff but there are so many more restaurants I need to try the next time I'm back in Vegas.
5	I have traveled all over the world tasting the best foods offered in Paris, Rome, New Zealand, Figi, etc and Delmonico's in Las Vegas remains my favorite restaurant.  The bone-in-ribeye is the best I've ever had -- even better than Mastro's in Beverly Hills and Thousand Oaks.  The service is unbelievable (three designated servers per table) and everything we've ever eaten here has been perfect.  My sister came here after eloping 10 years ago in Vegas.  My husband and I came here 7 years ago after eloping (yeah, my family seems to like eloping in Vegas :)) and we've flown here several times since for the sole purpose of a great meal.  If you're in Vegas, I recommend this restaurant above all others.  But be prepared to spend $100-$150/pp.  I haven't been here in over a year but am going tonight.  I wanted to post this review in advance for the past five times I've been here just in case it's not as great.  Either way, I'll post another review after our most recent dinner tonight.
5	DELICIOUS.I took my boyfriend here as part of his Vegas weekend treat (I secretly wanted to try it out too) and it did not disappoint. The service was amazing as you would expect for this type of restaurant. I made a note on our OpenTable reservation that it was for his birthday and every single person wished him a happy birthday, by name, as well as giving us lots of free goodies! We pretty much ordered everything our hearts desired (which was a lot more than our stomachs could hold):Truffle and parmesan potato chips - sounds simple enough, but I definitely recommend. Nice, simple appetizer that happens to be divine.Run of the mill mixed greens and lobster bisque. The lobster bisque is a must try! Best I've had!Filet mignon and bone-in ribeye for our main course. Very flavorful, cooked to perfection. The bone-in ribeye is HUGE, so bring your appetite for this one.We had chocolate sorbet on the house and ordered an additional slice of banana cream pie (we were curious why Emeril's name was attached to it). That is the first time I've had banana cream pie and I feel like I could never eat it again unless it came from here. Wonderful experience and will definitely have to make a trip back.
5	This place was very nice nd the service was great. The food was good and because of the setting and the service i did not mind the prices. i will be back
2	Maybe because I'm use to NY Steakhouses but I was disappointed. I was with a party of 10 for lunch. Lunch menu was great however my steak was over cooked. Where's the porterhouse steaks???Wine was good but little expensive, even for Vegas.
5	was there this past weekend with a group of 7 people... not a disappointed person in the party. the staff was super friendly and accomodating (we had children with us). i had mushroom crusted filet medallions. so good. we got sides of grits, corn and steamed broccoli... all three were great. we also ordered a few desserts, the banana cream pie was outrageous. so fresh and tasty. i didnt have the wine but my friends really enjoyed the bottle that was recommended to them.
5	my bruddahs had our "boy's" bachelor party dinner over there couple years ago. (peeps from california)1. great service.2.waited on us constantly.3. great steaks & sides.4. expensive cost = excellent customer satisfaction.5. should be best of las vegas.6. must dress nice for this location.7. bar immediately close by as a waiting area, with giant lcd t.v. screens for sports.
5	Just hit this place for the 3rd time in 2 years and this place never let's down.  I was there just this past weekend during a very busy time at the Venetian with 2 major conventions going on.  We were fortunate enough to get a reservation with the host we prefer at 7:30 pm.  Game on!!Service is impeccable.  We have a specific host who takes care of us when we come in so I suggest you get to know yours cause it does make getting reservations much easier.  Not only that, but you have a better time in general when you feel you have a friend there.  And trust me, I'm no high roller.Each section has its own host and several supporting cast.  Some hosts are better than others so again if you like yours try to stick with him/her.  They usually start you with an amuse bouche compliments of the chef.  Always different and always outstanding.  It's no meal just a way of getting your taste buds started.  The food will be brought as per normal or as you request.  You're in control so let them know what you want and they will help you better.  Even with wine selections of which they have a large selection.  The place can get a lot of hustle (not normal) so just try to sit tight and enjoy your meal.  They won't rush you so don't rush yourself.  I go straight for the steak but i hear the appetizers are fantastic.  I highly recommend the Wet/Dry Aged Bone In Rib Eye Medium.  The outside will be crusted just right with a pat of house made butter on top.  Inside will be pink and juicy (order med/rare if you want blood) and soft not chewy.  The meat will melt in your mouth as this cut has just the right amount of marbling (great now I want one).  Desert?  The steak is desert enough for me (lol).  Service is impeccable.  We have a specific host who takes care of us when we come in so I suggest you get to know yours cause it does make getting reservations much easier.  Not only that, but you have a better time in general when you feel you have a friend there.  And trust me, I'm no high roller.Don't forget, Bone in Rib Eye!!
3	Delmonico Steakhouse was pretty good, but definitely not the best I've had nor without flaws.The food and drink choices seem to be where they really excel, as there were a number of options that my girlfriend and I found to be mouth-watering, from the bone-in ribeye, the fillet, the chicken, salmon, etc.  They had my favorite beer (Chimay Blue) and she enjoyed her wine (she had the Chardonnay and Riesling).  What we wanted when going here was a nice, fancy dinner as a tribute to our vacation together.  It wasn't a special occasion or anything but we like to have a quality dinner from time to time.  I'd say the food part of Emeril's more or less did the trick with regards to that.The service was OK.  While they were relatively prompt the matre'd was the person who seemed to be serving us and he was just a little too over-the-top for me, not to mention he seemed a little condescending and careless.  Perhaps I just read into it wrong, but I didn't feel as comfortable as I have at other restaurants.  Our waiters made sure the waters and bread kept coming, which I appreciated.  The matre'd didn't really do anything rude per-say, but I did notice that at one point when he came by to check on everything he spoke with the tables on our left and right but not with us.  The smaller tables are a little too big IMO, my girlfriend and I felt a mile away from each other and eventually I just moved my place settings next to her and sat with her so we could talk easier.  This is probably not an issue if you have a big group, but for a romantic evening it wasn't fantastic.  Speaking of romance, there were no candles, the lightning was bright, and the restaurant was devoid of decor. I don't mean to rip Delmonico's so much but I just want to stress that this restaurant really doesn't deserve 5 stars despite the food being pretty tasty.  Our stakes came out medium rare as requested, they were juicy and delicious, and the side "double-baked potato" + "Asparagus" was fantastic.I realized going here and glancing at the menu online that the prices were going to be steep but I guess my wallet received a shock even so.  I had initially been hoping that our bill would come to about $115-130, but in the end it was $200 because you have to buy sides for your meal separately and the wine / beer was very expensive.  The problem with this is that in Vegas there is a lot of competition and I've had food that was on par with this for under half the price of what I paid.  For instance Mon Ami Gabi (outside of Paris, Paris) and Trevi (Ceasar's Palace Forum Shops) both run in the $60-100 range (for two) and are just as tasty IMO.Lastly, there were a nat or two flying around toward the end of our meal, something which is unacceptable in a restaurant of this caliber.  I enjoyed the overall experience but I would not dine here again.
2	Food was awesome but service was terrible.Went on NYE and waited 20 plus minutes for drinks which kinda set the tone for the dinner.Server was OK but the time from which we ordered to when we received our food was much to long.When I questioned the waiter I was told" Its not my fault they are way behind in the kitchen" .This is not the response I expect from a place like this.We may go back but why when there are so many other good steakhouses in Vegas.
5	Best...steakhouse...ever.  This was going to be the place our family went to where we weren't going to even look at the prices.  The bone-in rib eye was fantastic, all the sides were delicious, and the service was outstanding.  If you are looking for a great steak and a wonderful, special dining experience, visit Delmonicos
5	Phenomenal!  Came back here to celebrate a birthday and everything was what I expected and more.  My requests for a particular table were all handled without any problems.  I am usually a New York Strip guy, but I was hungry so I opted for the bone in ribeye for the first time here.  Birthday girl had the filet mignon. Sides included smashed potatoes and broccoli. Bone in ribeye: Humongous! Probably 20oz. +  Beautifully crusted, with just the right amount of seasoning. Steak as always, cooked perfectly medium rare, which made for an amazingly juicy and flavorful experience. Filet Mignon: Now normally I am not a filet person, but I did try a piece or maybe two.  Beautiful crust and to my surprise it also had excellent flavor.  Tender as you would expect from a great cut of Filet Mignon.  However, still not as juicy as my steak was.Service as usual, impeccable.  Insanely large wine list, with almost every wine imaginable.  Complimentary amuse bouche and bread are also delicious.
5	Worth the cost.The food is amazing.  We ordered steaks and shared lots of pasta and other appetizers.  It is the meal I want to have before dying.We ended up in a worse table location bc we were pretty late, but they still got us in.  Also, the spot we were at was cold bc of a draft and they quickly fixed the problem.Fun for a dinner out with friends.Staff was exceptional.
4	I think this is the first time I went to a higher end restaurant in Las Vegas and walked out thinking...it's worth the price.  Our server was pretty awesome in my mind. Took great care of us and explain the specials thoroughly.  Also helped gave us the idea that the last person at the table should take care of the tab. =)Their whole menu sounds tasty....good selection of meats and a lot of sides/appetizers to accommodate your needs.I ordered the Truffle Oil & Parmesan Potato Chips for my appetizer.OMG....it tasted so good.  Best chips I've ever had!!!  It's crunchy...tasty...and best of all...it's cheesy!For my entree....I stucked with their Bone-in Rib Eye with a side of corn. I always like my steak medium rare and they cooked it to perfection.  Steak was super tender and juicy.  Dash some horse-radish on the side and I'm happy.My buddy Eugene ordered their "Tomahawk" which is basically a 32 oz. Ribeye with a big ass rib to boot.  He topped it off....of course....with some foie gras.  Most of the table ordered their own rib eye steak....and ordered a lot of different sides to mix it up.  I'll say my favorite was the Wild Mushrooms and the Grits.Overall, pretty good...will definitely come back to give this place a second spin.
4	The place? Comfortable yet elegant.The service? Spot on.The food? Really good, but...Something was lacking. I had been wanting to try one of Emeril Lagasse's restaurants for awhile and was really excited to dine at Delmonico, but the food didn't blow me away like I had expected it to. Their gumbo was good, but lacked a bit of salt. Their pork chops were good, but could have been a little more tender. My friend noted that the texture of the steak was a bit off. Their desserts were good, but the chocolate cake was kind of dry. Everything was "good", but nothing was great. Wait...I take that back - their dinner rolls were delicious! Although I really enjoyed my Delmonico experience overall, I don't think I'll be returning anytime soon. (I have yet to find a steakhouse that I like better than Mastro's!)
3	Just okay.  I liked my meal.  I had the gumbo soup, a great baked potato with lots of fixings, a sort of chocolate cheesecake dessert that was great.  My husband didn't like his meal.  My husband ordered a $50 steak that was fatty and gristley.  I could tell he was bummed when he poked around at his steak with furrowed eyebrows, cutting off piece after piece of inedible meat.  I was really hoping to please him since it was his birthday.  I let them know when I made the reservations well in advance that it was his birthday and we didn't get a birthday dessert or anything free like you do at most other restaurants.  They remembered it was his birthday, the hostess (who was pleasant and very friendly) gave him a cheery happy birthday as we were going to be seated.  I really expect a little something special if we are spending our special day at their establishment.  The waitstaff was prompt and friendly.  They seemed to linger around and dive right in when you need a refill on your drink, or in my case another great martini.  I almost forgot to mention that I loved their martinis.  Will we return?  Definitely no.  There are way more better restaurants in Vegas.  The atmosphere is a big blah (with the exception of the impressive suits that the friendly waitors wear), the food was just okay/slightly better than average, and the prices higher than they should be for the quality.
1	i have to admit, i had a bad experience at this steakhouse from the service being so-so to the food being o.k. the biggest disappointment is that my girlfriends steak and my steak were both cooked incorrectly. i ordered my steak medium rare, my gal medium well. at first i thought the waiter got us mixed up regarding how we wanted our steaks cooked because mines was well done and my girl friends was on the rare side. so when our waiter came back and asked us how everything was, i asked him, "how did i order my steak?" he replied, medium rare. i got my steak knife and cut right down the middle of my steak and showed it to the waiter and he glanced at it and replied, looks like it was over cooked slightly. my girlfriend and i both noticed that our waiter was not exactly polite after we pointed out our steaks were cooked incorrectly and didn't offer to bring us new steaks knowingly that the cook blew it by a long shot with the beef. my steak was honestly cooked all the way through. no red and not even any pink. not the end of the world. though this was our saturday night dinner in vegas and we have heard sooo many good things about this restaurant. so we were quite disappointed when we had a somewhat rude waiter and food which was cooked incorrectly. we are going to try this place one more time and give them another shot. i think we just got unlucky. irregardless i have to give the rating in which they provided. sorry delmonico, maybe next time.
4	Since this was my birthday trip we wanted(I wanted) a great steak dinner. As if I need a reason for a good piece of meat. We arrive 15 mins before our reservation and within 2 mins are seated. The place looks like an art museum very light and earthy colors. The seats are a bit uncomfortable as someone also stated. They are leather office chair styled, I kept sliding off of them. Now enough of that, the food: the server: Darren comes around and gives us menus we look it over- I see what I'm ordering- the filet $48, side $9 and I also want an appetizer $18 damn $80 and that's just my meal. Now I'm used to spending this on sushi so I wasn't vexed. My poor husband who until me, wasn't used to spending so much on a meal was sweating. Ha! I'm just kidding, so to be semi fair we order the gumbo $10 split, the bread they have is phenomenal a cross between hawaiian bread & monkey bread, and it gets served one by one for each person.  Kind of annoying because it's that good but it comes out fresh so one can't complain. The gumbo is decent enough for a restaurant such as this. We order the chateaubriand $105 for a beautiful piece of steak, garlic smashed potatoes, and asparagus for two. Bam! Look @ me saving us money. This was our first time having the chateaubriand and this will not be my last, very well seasoned w/ herbs& spices and nice encrusted char. It was more than enough food for two. And @ the end of our meal they brought me a candle lit sorbet sweet treat for the bday girl. Our service was top notch from start to finish. A well worth $200.
5	Stopped by Delmonico's for my birthday, per a recommendation from a friend... and I would not hesitate to come again.  I had the Bone-in Ribeye and it was by far the best steak I've ever head, juicy and tender, and everything you want in a steak.  I ordered some sides but wasn't even necessary, I couldn't even finish the steak!  Service was great.  A little on the pricey side but worth spending the money at least once.
4	Everything was good but not great except the steak!We ordered the Chateaubriand, which was very tender, juicy and lean.  Quality was so closed to Wagyu.  I really had that Emeril's BAM feeling after the first bite.Lobster Bisque and Gumbo tasted above average.Creme Brulee was average.On the side note, this restaurant was unusually noisy, don't know why.
4	Ordered the bone in rib-eye and it was prepared to perfection.  The flavor was amazing. The creamed corn was very delicious as well. I like the atmosphere of the restaurant, not too stuffy.
4	Just as good the second time around!  Near perfect steak dinner, but not perfect.This place is worth a repeat visit.  I really have to compliment the wait staff at this restaurant.  It seemed like there were more workers than patrons the night we were there.  Caesar Salad - I was very tempted to order an appetizer, but my gf reminded me we were about to eat over a pound of meat so we decided to share the caesar salad.  It was prepared table side by our waiter.  It was decent and a nice way to prepare my stomach for the main course.Bone-in Ribeye - Mine was cooked perfectly and well seasoned.  My particular cut was very, very tender.  My gf order the exact same steak and it wasn't nearly as good.  I had to share parts of my steak with her and we took the rest of hers to go.  Hers wasn't bad, it just wasn't as good as mine.  Sides - We ordered the creamed corn and asparagus.   The corn was very good.  It had a nice crust on the top and went well with my steak.  The asparagus was pretty plain.  I had to throw salt and pepper on it otherwise it was completely tasteless.  Dessert - We ordered the banana cream pie.  I have no idea why we chose it, but I'm glad we did.  I would have usually ordered something chocolaty with ice cream but the banana cream pie sounded good.  Well, it was good.  Really good.  When it came out, I thought it was going to be way too sweet with all the caramel and chocolate shavings, but it wasn't.  We weren't even hungry after our meal, but we managed to put the entire dessert down.  Overall, the food was good.  I have to give it 4 stars for the boring asparagus and inconsistent steak.  The wait staff was awesome.  They can have 5 stars.
4	My boyfriend and I stop in here for dinner quite often while in Las Vegas. Chateaubriand w/ asparagus and au-gratin potatoes is on hit! Incredible wine list and their wait staff is extremely friendly. They don't have late hours like other restaurants, I think they close around 10 or 11pm (which is way early) but still a good place to check out.
4	First impressions......Unfortunately, Delmonico Steakhouse made a huge mistake when they seated my party of three at the table right in front of the kitchen door with a restaurant that was less than half full.  Offensive and unacceptable.  The hostess ran in one direction and a staff member told us we would have to make our way back up to the front to deal with this issue when we told them that this would not work for us.  After a word with someone who claimed to be the manager at the front, we were reseated and promptly given complimentary truffle chips (that can solve any bad first impression).  The truffle chips are not to be missed.  Service-  Our server eventually warmed up and was pleasant.   He was so caught up in his speeches about different parts of the menu and recommendations, that it took some time to see his true personality.  He was also rushed, which was odd, as we had some menu questions.  Food-  The filet was magical.  This is the primary reason that the restaurant got 4 stars.  The creole seasoning and dab of BUTTER on the steak were an amazing and sinful treat.  Really delicious.The cheese grits were delicious.  I was a bit less impressed with the creamed spinach.  The waiter said that it was better than CUT's version.  NO WAY!  Underwhelming.
5	Great ambiance.  Heirloom tomato salad appetizer was perfect way to start.  Steak was perfectly cooked and superb flavor.  Desert was delicious.  Not a cheap place, but worth it.
4	Been here twice for lunch (once today and once during Restaurant Week) and once for dinner a long time ago....This review is for today's Lunch experience.So... this place exudes Power Lunch without the Noise ambiance...Soft lighting, quiet/hush talking, white table clothes, ultra professional service, a fabulous menu and high prices.  Everyone except me was in a business suit... but like I care.  My g-friend ordered sort of off the menu... the options were on the menu but the way she wanted it prepared was not.  They didn't even bat an eye... they just asked a couple questions to make sure they "did it right".She got grilled salmon and steamed / lightly sauteed spinach.... and it came out perfect!  It looked fabulous.I just ordered the cobb salad.  I know... I'm boring that way.  But it was a really good cobb salad... the bacon... OH!  The bacon! on my salad was The Best!  Freshly grilled skinny strips of bacon that were juicy and meaty.  I'll order it again just for the bacon "bits".  The avocado was fresh and creamy... the blue cheese crumbles were rich and blue-cheesy.  All in all, a very nice salad.  Service was very professional and attentive without being annoying. They filled our iced tea and water without us even noticing.  It was awesome.For lunch... it's pricey ... the two of us was $52 w/o tip....but if you want a really, really nice business lunch or a lunch that is NOT noisy, crowded or typical... Go Here.I'll be back because they have Lobster Sliders on the menu now... I gotta go back to try these.  :)
4	16 idiots donning wigs came to Delmonico for a bachelor party dinner.  I had called other steakhouses, but since we had a large party, I was told we had to order from a set menu.  Us clods just wanted a delicious slab of steak, some wine and we'd be happy and Delmonico was there to provide.  The only shortcoming was the wait to take our orders, but once our waiter came, it was all good.  The wait staff had a great sense of humor which added to the night's festivities (hell they were serving a bunch of goofballs).  Of course, the best part was the steak.  Most of us at the table had the bone in ribeye steak.  Let me first say I didn't eat much of anything that day in anticipation of this dinner and we didn't have any appetizers or salads and I STILL couldn't finish off that piece of meat!  My steak was perfectly cooked medium rare and was wonderfully seasoned.  Thanks to Delmonico for tolerating the circus sideshow and cooking up some awesome meat..  and sorry to housekeeping that we ordered 4 orders of asparagus!
5	My very favorite steak. It would be my last meal on earth if served with a well aged cab.
4	The staff, servers (Michael and Co.) went beyond our expectations for service.  We were celebrating our anniversary, and they provided both an appetizer and dessert for free.The atmosphere is casual elegant, not stuffy, but very beautiful in a simple way.  You must try the Caesar salad, made for two at the table, AMAZING!!  We both had a steak, my NY Strip not quite as flavorful as partner's Rib Eye, which was one of the best steaks I have ever eaten.  The entire meal experience was unforgettable, and the pricetag, although steep, was worth it. We will return.
3	I've been to Delmonico a couple times, and it has been good both times. Everything was pretty tasty, but I can't say there was anything in particular that wowed me. Actually, I take that back... there is a banana dessert that is absolutely spectacular. But that's not really enough to make me excited about returning here.The service is consistently very good. I think I'm just not a fan of the decor and ambiance here. It's great for a business lunch, but I would never choose Delmonico for a romantic dinner or night out with friends. The interior is just really boring.
4	A great place for steaks.
4	Consistent food - great atmosphereClearly a great place to bring clients. Service was ok , friendly and efficent
5	Always a 5 star time at Delmonico's the ambiance, service & food always makes we leave with a smile. There have been times, where I try other steak houses when in Vegas, but I always leave saying. "Not as good as Delmonico's"... My order is usually the same each time; start with the Truffle Chips, then Lobster Bisque (mmmmmmmm),  sides Cream of Spinach and Cream of Corn... then the BONE IN RIB EYE - MEDIUM....    I'm smiling just thinking about it....
5	This was a very noisy but wonderful restaurant.  The steaks are huge and delicious.  Perfectly cooked with the spices/butter you want. We had the Caesar salad for 2 and my only complaint was that it could have used more anchovies.  The boneless rib eyes were delicious and huge.  They only marked up the Veuve Cliquot Champagne 3x what I can buy it for at Costco, so we splurged for my mother's 80th birthday. The waiters were attentive and we had a wonderful time.  Don't go there on a diet.
4	So overall the food was amazing - we had shrimp and biscuit for appetizer with a delicious romaine salad, then filet mignon. The bread was to die for, the ambiance, and service were excellent...why not 5? My steak was overcooked...I ordered medium, it was well...and this is a steak house. However, everything else was very well prepared and delicious. I will give them another try my next time in vegas!
5	had a great bone in t-bone steak for dinner a couple of weeks ago!!! damn steak hasn't change still as good as the last time i had it!!!! although they have change the chef and some of the wait staff, but everything still the same great service and same taste of food!!!!! love this place
5	I came here back in 2005 with my family and had a phenomenally memorable meal. Six years later -- I came back this past weekend and it was STELLAR. Extensive wine list, excellent service, ridiculously buttery brioche bread, great cocktails, and of course, the food!For apps, my party had the truffle chips (so rich but delish!), squash ravioli with duck confit (superb), lobster bisque (mmm with large lobster chunks), and the wedge salad (as perfect as a classic wedge gets). For entrees, I had the filet mignon that was PERFECTLY cooked to a true medium-rare. I often find that, when I order med-rare, more often than not, highly rated restaurants overcook my meat to more of a med to med-well, which is can be disappointing. Well, here at Delmonico, it was PERFECT! Friends got the bone-in ribeye and the huge $85 Fred Flinstone steak (I forget the official name), all cooked to perfection. The 2007 Joseph Phelps Cab paired divinely with the steaks. Sides:  creamed corn was mind-blowing; creamed spinach was good but didn't knock my socks off (compared to everything else which did). We were too stuffed to order a dessert, but we received a complimentary birthday gelato. Nice gesture, but it was not so great -- I think it was a non-conventional flavor, like fennel or something?Overall, I would definitely return the next time I'm in the mood for a (pricey) steak dinner in Vegas!!! Emeril is a genius!
5	Awesome steak and great service. Sometimes in Vegas you get the snobby attitude and mediocre food. Here I got an unreal steak and great service. It is pricey, but it's Vegas! Everything is pricey!!
4	bone in rib eye is amazing.... everything else is pedestrian..
2	We went in with high hopes after a friend recommended Delmonico but we left just a bit disappointed.  The ambiance was really nice and we were given a great table without a reservation but the food left a little to be desired.  My friend and I both started with lobster bisque, which was good but a little thin.  We noticed right away too that she had 2 tiny little pieces of lobster in hers, but I had almost an entire small claw.  I was happy until I realized it was tough and rubbery.  I actually had to use a knife and fork to cut it into bite sized pieces.  My husband ordered the wedge salad as a starter and it was 80% white/yellow core.  Not what you would expect in a place as pricey as this.I ordered the fillet and it was cooked perfectly but it was not a great cut of meat.  Maybe I have high standards, but I think a $30+ fillet should be butter knife soft, but this one was kind of fibrous and hard to cut with a steak knife.  I didn't really care for the seasoning either, but that's a personal preference, not something I can count against the restaurant.  My husband's rib eye was really fatty but he loved his twice baked potato.  I had the corn gratin for my side and it was tasty but again, not my style.  Our server was efficient but pretty standoffish.  When we first sat down, we ordered a bottle of "Emerel's Blend" wine and he nicely suggested that we might want to try something else, but other than that, his interaction with us was a bit cold.  Maybe it was an off night, but I really expected more from a $400+ dinner.
5	Favorite steakhouse in Las Vegas. Conveniently located in The Venetian and servers are very attentive. Classy, noise level wasn't too high, they even help the ladies with their chair when they sit. Big list of wine choices and they have huge cuts of rib-eye. Full bar you can order drinks from when you first enter the restaurant.My first time I came with 2 other friends, I believe I ordered the bone-in Ribeye, which is unbelievably HUGE. It was literally bigger than my face. I got my ribeye in medium rare, and came out to be just right. Lots of butter, and we also ordered a couple sides. Picked out a bottle of wine which was the perfect topping to our fatty peices of steak.They also serve dinner rolls! Warm and soft, and lots of butter =]I came back in recent March and ordered a smaller cut, also in medium rare but it wasn't as good as my first time here. Ate here with one other person, he ordered filet mignon which was very tender. We each ordered a glass of wine, although I'd rather choose a bottle instead next time as there are more choices of wine. Also had the lobster bisque, which I absolutely LOVE, so creamy but it was a little thin. Not too many pieces of lobster meat either. Ordered one side, a baked potato which was a little on the dry side.There was a small fly that kept flying around us during dinner... It ended up in my water...Had creme brulee for dessert, they also serve homemade madeleine cookies with the creme brulee, both were very good.
4	f you are going to eat here the only suggestion as mentioned before is to go with the Porterhouse. You will not regret it! At $85 the price is a bit of a turn off and there are other nice cuts available around a $50 range. Although, at 32 oz and being one of the best steaks I ever had in my life it was well worth it. Service was also fairly good although not superb. Very professional staff but during the busy dinner hours are not the most attentive.I made my reservations well in advance on the Venetian website and did not have to wait a minute to be seated.
3	Was excited to go here since it was Emerille's Steakhouse.  We had reservations for 8PM and waited at the bar while they got our table ready. The waiter was really nice and friendly.  They brought us bread which they placed individually on our plates. I started with the spinach and arugula salad, which was super good. I was glad to have had that in my stomach, since it took a while to get our steaks.I ordered the filet, medium and a side of asparagus.  The steak was seared a little too much and tasted a little burnt.  They also topped it off with a pad of butter.  By no means was it a bad steak, but for the price, I guess I expected more.  The asparagus was good but also very buttery.  Good food, but I have definitely had better.
4	I came here for my Bros Bachelor party and we had a party of 5. I made a reservation on opentable.com while i was at work and it was very convenient! We walked over here on saturday night around 6 to start the night off right with a good steak dinner. This place came highly recommended from a friend. The restaurant was overly amazing. It was clean and dimly light like most steak places. The waiters were knowledgeable and prompt with their service. I got kind of a pretentious vibe from our waiter which was a little off putting. But it didnt bother me too much.I ordered the Filet Mignon medium rare and it was cooked to perfection. I was very impressed. The steak was soft and flavorful and melted in my mouth. The side dishes were just ok. We ordered broccoli, creamed spinach, and fingerling potatoes. I wasnt impressed by the sides all that much. Not extremely flavorful but still decent.We also ordered a $200 bottle of wine which was the most expensive wine i have drank before. I didnt know much about it, the winery was called Mastery and it was a red wine. My bro ordered it not me and it was really good! It was listed on the last page of the wine menu and was $40 a glass, but we ordered a bottle for the table. i wish i figured out what wine it was but it was really really good.This is a good spot for a vegas dinner and a great way to start the night! i would definitely check out some other places before i come back here but i recommend it!
5	Very big portions and the service is amazing! The mashed potatoes and mushrooms were so good! It's expensive so make sure you only take the person that you really really REALLY (did I mention really) love lol!
4	Came here on vacation after a four hour drive from Los Angeles. We didn't change out of our road trip clothes but there was no judgement. The servers were always around and very friendly. The bread was amazing, never had one exactly like it before. We started with the truffle chips which were amazing! The chips aren't 100% evenly cooked/flavored but they were totally worth taking the leftovers to our hotel room. They didn't get all soggy the next day. For my meal we had the lobster sliders. When I took a bite it was something I didn't except at all but it was still delicious. LOTS of lobster meat as well. The bread is warm but the meat is cool and it blends well together instead of clashing. We were too full after that but would love to come back and try some more items.
5	I just arrived into Las Vegas tonight for a business trip and I headed straight to Delmonico's.  I have been wanting to try an Emeril Lagasse restaurant and in particular Delmonico's.I walked in and got seated quickly......it was 5pm and there were only a coulple tables that were taken.After looking over the menu, I ordered the lobster bisque, creamed corn and a bone in rib eye steak.  After ordering, I was given warm rolls which I quickly ate three of them.....they were fluffy, and super tasty with butter.The lobster bisque was outstanding.....very creamy and full of lobster flavor.   I thought Craftsteak, Capital Grille and the Palm had the best lobster bisque....Delmonico's is right up there with being one of the best.The steak came out perfect........juicy, tender and just the right amount of marbling.  The creamed corn was equally as good as the steak and bisque.  It was sweet....not too creamy.....super yummy.For desert, I had the banana cream pie......a super, super pie filled with banana cream, whipped cream and tons of bananas.Overall, one of my best steak meals...ever!The service was excellent and the ambiance/decor was very, very romantic.  A great place for a Valentines or Anniversary dinner!I will be back.....one of the best on the Strip!
1	This place is horribly overrated.  Service was terrible.  They act like they don't want you there.  It took 45 minutes between the first course and the main entree for the food to come out and not once did any waiter come by to check on the table.  Do not go.  Plenty of other great steakhouses in Vegas.
4	Cant complain here. The service was excellent and the food was great. If you are staying at the Venetian or the Pallazo(spelling), its an easy walk through the casino. You never have to leave the hotel.What I would recommend, the BBQ shrimp as an appetizer, the bone-in Rib-eye as your main, mushrooms, and asparagus as sides. Never got to dessert because the hand cut steaks are huge. Steaks are cooked to perfection.If you are in the mood for a nice steak, go here, you cant go wrong.
2	45 minutes between clearing appetizers & being served dinner. Extremely disappointed in meal & service. Went here a few times years ago months after it's opening when both food & service were phenomenal. Seems like different place, so we'll be going elsewhere in the future.
5	I've been to Delmonico's twice. Both times have been awesome. The wait staff is always very attentive and genuinely nice. They are also very knowledgeable about the menu and are happy to answer any questions one may have.The truffle parmesan potato chips are downright addictive and the steaks(I've only had the filet mignon) are delicious and well-cooked. The sides are delicious. What else can I say - Delmonico's is the best!
4	Soo pricey but what a delicious meal.  My filet was a perfect medium rare and the spices they had for the charring made it one of the best steaks i've had in my life
2	Not impressed, and having the server laugh at me while telling me there was no refills for the bar glass sodas didn't help, maybe they've changed that policy since, but I don't care, although the food was decent ( I've had better creole shrimp and better steaks) I feel like they should have at least given me some vaseline with that screwing, I mean come on $27 for soda? I got the bill and "BAM" never going back.
2	tries to be sophisticated, but it is average at best.Maybe if you are used to Burger King this joint is awesome, but it is just an average steakhouse.BTW: the men's WC door lock doesn't lock, so everyone that wants to go to the crapper will see you in the throne....
4	The food was excellent and the service was phenomenal.  Price was outrageous!
4	Delmonico's does not disappoint. Its a classic, upscale steakhouse with absolutely fantastic food. I go to Vegas every Memorial Day weekend and every year I pick a different Vegas steakhouse for one of my dinners. Last year was Cut and I was EXTREMELY disappointed. Delmonico however was fabulous. I had the lettuce wedge salad and the filet oscar and both were absolutely delicious. My husband had the spinach frisee salad and the filet au poivre and he also really enjoyed them. The food, atmosphere, everything was just fabulous! The only thing to be aware of is that its VERY expensive-- the filet oscar was $70! But its Vegas and its Emeril and its a fantasic restaurant so its well worth it for a night out.  I will definitely be back.
4	The lamb is delicious! The atmosphere is wonderful and the service is excellent!
5	Amazing steak, as well as some of the best service I've ever had at a restaurant.My friends and I came here for dinner on a Sunday (with a reservation, just in case), and we decided to split two steaks between 3 girls. We ehard that the portions are very generous, and we also wanted to try out the sides as well.We ordered the bone in ribeye, along with the bone in filet mignon with a mushroom sauce (one of the specials of the day).  We also ordered the truffle parmesan potato chips, as well as the creamed corn gratinee and the country smashed potatoes.The first thing to come out were the potato chips. Sadly, for a girl who eats potato chips as her main meal frequently, I couldn't partake of them because of the parmesan (I cannot stand stinky cheese).  However, I did at least try ONE, and the texture of the chip (similar to a kettle chip almost), and the slight hint of truffle was amazing. However, the parmesan was still prominent, so I watched sadly while my gfs devoured the chips. I felt as if I was being punished, for some reason.Luckily our steaks arrived at that point, and they were HUGE. It was definitely a good idea that we had decided to split two instead of each of us ordering our own.  Our server (who's name I forgot), was incredibly helpful and nice. He brought over a carving table and after presenting the steaks to us, took them aside and carved them all for us.  We got our sides at that point too, and we just dug in.The rib eye was incredibly flavorful. I tend to not normally order it because not all places will grill the ribeye properly and I end up with a slightly tough steak (even if ordered at medium). This one had just the right amount or pink, and the seasoning was mild enough so that the flavor of the meat shone through.  The filet was also very tender.  While we were eating the filet without the mushroom demiglace, I decided to test it out.  The sauce is based on a reduction of veal stock, and it complimented the steak wonderfully. It didn't mask the taste of the meat at all but just added another dimension to it.  After urging my friends to try the sauce, we quickly started pouring spoonfuls of it over the rest of the steak on our plates.The sides were very good as well. The creamed corn had a hint of spice due to some mined jalapenos that were in it. Definitely a trick I am looking forward to trying at home.As great as the food was, I was also very impressed with the level of service. You would think that a fancy steak restaurant would be annoyed at the sharing of steaks, but they never batted an eye to our request (apparently a lot of people do this).  In addition, we never felt as if we were waiting to flag down a server whenever we needed assistance.For everything we got, the meal itself also came out to be a lot less than I expected (although I'm sure it has to do with the sharing as well). However, we were so full and satisfied from our meal that we promptly fell asleep back in our room and decided against going out that night. That is definitely a sign of a great meal.
5	Excellent, excellent service. That is the one thing I remember about this restaurant. Everyone who served my party of 4 was so professional from start to finish. The head waiter gave us great recommendations on what steak to select, and which wine would go well with it. I was amazed at all of the little details including refolding my table cloth while I was away at the restroom.The food was 5/5 - all of us ordered a medium-rare bone-in ribeye. It was the biggest and juiciest steak I've ever had. Quite unfortunate that I was not able to finish the last third, the serving was that large. Yes, the check for 4 people ended up being several hundred dollars but it was worth every single cent for the dining experience.
4	Had dinner here and was pleased.  I had the bone in Rib-Eye and it was fantastic.  Had the smashed potatoes as a side and they were pretty bland, expected a little more.  And also had creme brulee for dessert which was perfect.  Overall it is very pricey, but had one of the best steaks I have eaten here so was worth it in my book.
5	Just one word people " FABULOUS" !!!!!! It was my first time eating in one of Emeril's restaurants and I'm so happy to say it definitely lived up to all the hype. The food Omg the food was mouth watering I ordered the bbq salmon which was to die for it had diced potatoes and chorizo (I think) The salmon was glazed with bbq sauce and was the best salmon I ever had it was finger liking good and my hubby ordered the bone in rib eye which he loved and for our side we order the grilled asparagus and twice baked potato. The food and service were superb. Next time I'm in Vegas I'm definitely going back !!!!
5	This was a lucky find at 1PM when Bouchon was an hour wait! Service was really attentive. Had the Salmon and Pot Roast with Banana Cream Pie to boot. Food was really good, not too heavy but definitely filling. The pot roast fell apart without needing a knife. The Banana Cream Pie was delightfully in the place between rich and too rich. Definitely freshly made.I would most definitely like to come again at dinnertime.
4	I usually love Delmonicos but my last trip kept me wanting more. Maybe I was too hungover to thoroughly enjoy my meal, but on this blurry Saturday night everything was very mediocre for me. We started off with the steak tartare and the bbq shrimp. The steak tartare was very good. It was fresh, clean and delicious. The bbq shrimp was good, but for $18 for 4 shrimps, I wanted them to be a party in my mouth, and in this case, they were not. I ordered a medium rare rib eye. It was cooked to absolute perfection. Nice crust and juicy pink center. I marveled at the perfection of my steak. Although it was slightly under seasoned it was still juicy and delicious.Delmonico's is probably one of the best if not thee best steakhouses I've been to. Their service is spectacular and on point every time I've been. They really do hire the best of the best. Attentive but not overbearing servers.  Delmonicos puts out some amazing and good quality food. If you go, you must try their lobster bisque, it's luscious, creamy and definitely worth the calories. Potato gratin is definitely one of their best sides also. And of course, don't every steer from what you came for, the STEAK!Emeril, you slightly let me down this time, but I still remember how good you've been to me the last times. I'll be back to let you redeem yourself.
5	Being a fan of the Food Network and chef Emeril Lagasse, my girlfriend (fiance the next day!) reserved us a dinner date to this place. I was excited but then again curious on why it was it was so expensive. They must serve some really good cow I thought!Anyways, the website said the dress code to be business casual/fine dining. We dressed up but saw a few people came in with shorts and a shirt. They seated us towards the side which was kinda of private from the crowd. It was romantic and our waiter was really nice since we asked for it.We started off with a bottle of Cabernet. I don't remember if we had any appetizers or not. If we did, I didn't remember therefor it wasn't a "wow" factor. For the main course, I had the filet minion where as my fiance ordered the famous boned rib-eye. We also ordered some asparagus and gratin potatoes on the side which was excellent. My medium filet was cooked to perfection. When they brought out the rib-eye, we were like, "whoa!" It was huge... Once she digged in, she couldn't keep her knife off it. It was so juicy and delicious! I was actually eying her rib-eye the whole time. We actually swapped our dishes half way. She is generous like that. :). After being buzz off the wine, and bloated off the food, we finished it off with the creme brulee. It just hit the spot...The check came out to be around $250. It was well worth it and I will definitely be coming back here in the future.
3	Hmm, I thought this place was A-OK. I was surprise to learn its Emeril's restaurant. I mean, I have to say I have tasted better steaks. I got the rib-eye not knowing that it was huge and was really surprise when I saw it. I should have shared and thought the portion was great for 50 bucks. I ordered medium well, but it was redder than normal. I thought it was over seasoned. The potatoes were really good though. The service was okay--we had a big party and they accommodated us, but I felt that since we were a younger crowd than normal, they didn't give the best service they could. The server didn't really smile and forgot one of our checks and so we had to wait for a while to get it backs. The people in my party that didn't get steak enjoyed their dishes. If I go next time, I wouldn't order steak but yet this is a steakhouse..
3	Almost done catching up with my reviews. Here is my last one for tonight. After going to Carnevino the night before, Delmonicos kind of took the back seat for me. However, we were with a big group and everyone else loved the food. Bone in rib eye, tenderloin medalions, sirloin, to lamb we had everything on the table. Absolutely no complaints about the food. However, we were seated kind of in the corner round table which was fine but some of us were facing a glass enclosed small room that had stacks of chairs. What is that room? Was it seriously storage space we were starring at? I didn't expect to see a stack of black chairs in a glass case room throughout my whole dinner from a high end restaurant. Coming from a delicous dessert finish with Afrogato the night before, I asked the waitress if it could be made. She said sure it could. I was very excited only to realize when the bill came that she charged $8 for a shot of Espresso and $10 for scoop of ice cream. WOW.
3	Of the half dozen or so high-end steakhouses I've been to, this one would rank in the bottom half.  But among all the steakhouses I've been to, I've enjoyed them all, including this one.  The bone-in ribeye steak I had was good, but not great (i.e. blow my mind).  The tomato salad was good, well-balanced, not too heavy.  Garlic mashed potatoes were ok, nothing special. The sauteed mushrooms were good, but I've had better.Ambiance and service were good, I must say.  The waiters were attentive and came by when needed.  The lighting is dark, but not too dark.Overall,  a solid and relatively good eating and dining experience.
5	What a treat!  I expect a lot from a top end steak house and was skeptical that Emeril's name and reputation might be trumped up, but several friends said we had to try his Delmonico steak house.  They were right. We ordered the bone-in ribeye and the short ribs.  Both were easily the best examples of meat perfection we'd ever had - seasoned delicately and aged just right for an incredible buttery, nutty flavor that almost makes me think of buttered popcorn or butter toasted pecans. That delicate flavor was well paired with a bold garlic and cheese potato dish that we shared and a very nice bottle of Cain Concept from Napa Valley. The staff were very helpful and accommodating - we asked for their names to request them again - we had a "team" including Tom Baker and Braden Guy, both gave expert advice and were supremely attentive without smothering us. To top off the meal we had the pecan pie/tart topped with caramel and ice cream.  YUM. WILL RETURN ON NEXT LV VISIT FOR SURE!
5	A trip to Las Vegas just isn't a trip to Vegas without a stop at Delmonico. So I think I've been to Delmonico six or seven times and the operative word is consistency. Always great service, always great food and just overall my favorite steakhouse.So what isn't to like about Emeril's house of meat?A very well stocked bar, a nice wine list and perfectly cooked steaks.I started with the lettuce wedges with fresh blue cheese and got the rib eye. I don't know how they do it but the steaks always have this crispy, char on the outside but have a good juicy center with lots of flavor.We shared the grits, corn and mushrooms as sides and they were tasty good.Like I said, this is a special occasion place and Delmonico has yet to disappoint. Thanks Emeril for always making my trip to Vegas!
3	Came back here with in a month just to show my wife the deliciousniss of the lobster bisque...it was just as good the 2nd time...too bad during lunch..they don't give the lobster as  a garnish as they do during dinner.  Lunch service was ok...you can tell the difference from the dinner service.  But the food was good still.  I did want to try the lobster sliders....some one else go that and it looked pretty good...you get 2 sliders.  I had the pasta dish during lunch but the flavors was a bit bland and the dish was forgetable.
4	Huge portions of meat, satisfying sides and about 4 servers who tend to your every need.  Great!Sure the bill was a bit much, but I think that in addition to paying for the Emeril name, you are paying for the stellar service.  Once in a while - this works for me!  A man pushing in my chair, another refilling my water and another taking the cover off my plate - wow.We had an array of dishes:  the bone in steak, pork chops, mashed potatoes, creamed spinach.  The sides look small, but they fill you up and you can share them family style.  Funny, my mom got seared scallops which was a small plate, but they were so delicious!  We had these large plates of meat and we were picking off her dish.  LOL.  Everything was great,  I wasn't expecting something amazing, but we did feel full and like we got a good meal.  The dessert was just okay.  We got the bread pudding and coffee. It is good to go to Vegas and try new places are there are so many quality restaurants.  Def glad I went!
1	Service was Horrible, Food was Cold, Drinks were Hot!  Just plain Lousy.Very Disappointing!  Go to Prime Steak House instead @ the Bellagio
4	Food was excellent!  Obviously pricey, but I knew that in advance. Service was a little slow getting started, seemed like waitress had too many tables, but then got better. Loved everything.  Potato au gratin was a bit overly garlicky, and I love garlic.  I couldnt really eat them.Had a fabulous Malbec, Loca Linda.  no fears about going again!
5	I had one of the best meals I have ever had in my life at this resturant! We started with the barbecued shrimp which was amazing. Then I had the lobster bisque soup. This soup was fantastic! I love lobster bisque and this was by far the best bisque I have ever had! For the main course I had the filet minion crusted in wild mushroom bacon and topped with parmesean. OH My GOD! It just melted in my mouth. The service was amazing, the food was fantastic. A bit pricey but worth every single penny. I will definately go back next time I'm in town.
5	Been wanting to come here , and outta all the times i been to vegas, finally i get here.Escargot was DELICIOUSceasar salad was also goodStuffed crabs were small but very goodHalibut was not oily andbuttery but tastyRibeye with foie gras on top was to die forFilet was very tasty! loved itSides: the mushrooms were amazing! garlic and butter DESSERTTT ... banana cream pie , i almost licked the plateAlso a bottle of syrahTotal 2 couples.. 600+ after 20% grad.Great ambiance and service was impeccableDef coming back
5	The wife wanted to go to a celebrity chef restaurant so I decided on this place from a past good experience. We had a real good time.  I had the Pisco Sour as my cocktail, the petite lettuce wedges, filet and mash potatoes. All where freak'n delicious! My wife still talks about the filet at this place.You cannot go wrong with this place unless you are vegetarian.Another great place at the Venetian is Bouchon.
4	Truffle and Parm Chips are a must have.The little dinner rolls they pass out are awesome!Lobster bisque was good, seafood chowder was good.Bone-in Rib-eye was tasty. Cooked well, flavored well.Pork chop was pretty whatevers though. Probably can skip out on that one.
3	3.5I had high hopes for Delmonico, as many had said some great things.  Being an Emeril restaurant I figured it was just another celebrity chef restaurant, so I had my reservations.  The place was well decorated and had a great vibe.  The food was up to par and certain items had great taste, such as the lobster bisque.  I was hoping for more with the wilted spinach salad, but it was still OK.  The complimentary amuse bouche was a nice touch, tasted like a truffle cream of mushroom.  Now the steak, everyone says to go with the bone-in ribeye, so that's what I got.  Tasty, but needed a bit more flavor.  Not as buttery and smooth as other high end steakhouses.  Service could use some attention for a restaurant of this caliber.  Forgot our truffle potato chips and service went downhill with the way they took our plates and such.Not sure I'd go back with all the other many celebrity chef restaurants to try, but it's definitely one of the better ones.
5	Everything on the menu is made with a little bit of heaven, a pinch of happiness, and two cups of love. Must try the lobster bisque !!! It's so amazing I considered asking the chef to have my children.
5	My new husband and I just got married in Vegas on the 4th of August, and we went here on the 6th to celebrate during our vacation. We called for reservations on the day of, and they were able to accommodate us. When we arrived early, we sat in the bar area, and we had the most amazing drinks we both had ever had. I had a "green spade" which had cucumber, basil, and some other stuff in it. It was light, not to sweet and delicious. He had a bloody orange, which is a whiskey cocktail, and he loved it equally. I also had a limelight, which was good, and the best was the dark roast....delicious, smooth and incredible. They were about $14 a piece, and worth every damn penny. We were seated 15 minutes early. We told the waiter that this was our first "casual fine dining" experience, and he was more than informative. Made suggestions throughout the meal, and was personable and forthcoming. They had a nice "Our top Picks" for the wine. We chose a mid-price cab sav. They gave us complimentary truffle cream for an app, and then we ordered the tuna to go with it. The tuna was just average, but we live in Cocoa beach, so it's hard to impress us with seafood. The main event was the bone-in ribeye. I have eaten a shit ton of steak in my life....and DEAR GOD. This steak was impeccable. I didn't need a knife, I used my fork to cut it. The seasoning was just right, and I ordered mine rare, and that was how it was. My husbands was just the right medium rare....and perfect. Now, the only negative part of our meal. I ordered fingerling potatoes and asparagus as our sides. I had to send the potatoes back. They were nearly raw, and dry. The asparagus was edible, but boring. At nine dollars a piece, I expect a little zing. We were too full for dessert, but I'm sure it was great. The service was perfect, three waiters to a table. I was impressed with our overall bill total. They gave us cards that detailed where we sat and what waiters we had, so that we could have the same ones next year when we return for our anniversary. I will def be willing to return for another beautiful, whole experience.
2	Had been here four years ago and the experience was so much better that time. We brought a fine bordeaux for my birthday both times and were aware of the corkage policy. Wine spectator gives them the highest award and complements their corkage policy in fact. It took forever to get the bottle decanted and it really wasn't optimal and the meal was rushed. We even had cocktails  Snotty server, devil may care attitude. Sommelier? Or was he just the one who poured wine?  Not sure as he also offered food recommendations. Gumbo good, tomato soup and grill cheese ap okay but not fine. Avg cream spinach and dried baked potato. Partner had BBQ shrimp and was not overly impressed. Sadly the rib eye was only decent, but not out of this world. I was so looking forward to this night and it was a disappointment. Cavernous restaurant about 70 % filled on a Wednesday but the personal touch and care of a few years ago was gone.
4	Looking for a good steakhouse while in Vegas we found this place in our hotels restaurant guide. Being a celebrity chefs place I had my doubts but will always try something at least once. Delmonico did not disappoint, they delivered on par excellent service and quality food in a classy but intimate ambiance. We have already arranged to go back in the coming Vegas trip. The steaks, as you would expect, were above expectations in taste, searing, and quality of beef. Most importantly in order to enjoy a good meal you need impeccable service along with it. It was the kind of service that is very professional and classy but in a way that makes you feel welcome and comfortable, not stiff and robotic. Its an experience you have to try for yourself that you won't regret. The NY strip will turn a vegetarian!
4	Banana Cream Pie was to die for. I don't even like bananas. I've had dreams about that pie for two nights in a row.Grilled cheese was okay. Lobster Bisque was EXCELLENT. Server had no personality. Tomato soup was good. Burger was alright. Lobster sliders were good. French fries came out cold, so we sent them back and they were very promptly replaced with fresh, hot ones. Get the pie. Trust me.
3	Beyond food coma...it's food paralysis!  The itis ain't got nothin' on this.I had my preconceptions of the food here but I put them away for a short time and figured I'll try anything once.  Dinner started with some bread with butter and munched on the truffle and parmesan potato chips.  They were very oily, warm, crunchy, savory, and tangy in flavor.  We did not make a dent in them.  The appetizer was soon followed by the lobster bisque and traditional New Orleans gumbo with chicken and andouille sausage.  The lobster bisque was really intense in flavor.  It had an almost bitter flavor but so rich like condensed sweet buttery lobster in sea water.The protein that night was the bone-in ribeye which we split.  Perfectly cooked to medium, it had a nice crust on the outside and had a big glob of butter on top.  I immediately scraped the butter off and put it on the side but a lot of it had already melted onto the plate or penetrated the meat.  The meat was thick, tender, juicy, had perfect grill marks on the outside, and smelled floral due to the either rosemary or thyme sprigs.  Accompanying the main dish was the seared foie gras.  Yes, I had to try the duck (or goose) liver.  It was indeed buttery, silky, melt in your mouth tender and a good sized piece at that.  Like everything else here, it was seared in butter and had a salty, buttery crust to it.As for the sides, we had sauteed garlic wild mushrooms and the creamed corn gratinee.  The mushrooms were delightful.  I loved forking up different varieties that I had no idea what they were.  They just tasted great.  The garlicky, buttery flavor and tender yet almost slippery texture makes this dish my favorite of the night.  The creamed corn also exhibited buttery flavor so much I think it was in a bath of butter and heavy cream.You couldn't have all this great food without wine and they have an impressive wine menu indeed.  I went with that I know and got the syrah.  Toward the end of the meal it hit me.  The wall...of carbs, butter, salt, cholesterol, all in a sluggish soup coursing though my veins like molasses.  I feel my heart straining to pump the blood with heavy thumps and I feel the arteries of my wrist bumping against the table.  My body starts to get lethargic - I don't wanna move, no I can't move - as I gaze blankly over the huge leftovers of corn and butter.  This is beyond food coma, I need a blood transfusion I thought.  Need I be more dramatic?  My preconceptions were right.On the bright side, the service is impeccable here and everyone seems to to take their job seriously and sincerely.  It is a bit of a formal atmosphere but you don't feel like you're in Las Vegas for the short time you're there.
5	As part of a birthday celebration weekend for two of my cousins, a group of us decided to head to Delmonico Steakhouse for a really nice birthday dinner. We had no idea what to expect of this place, except for the high prices. We were running late for our reservation, but we called the restaurant letting them know we were on our way. It was a group of 6, so we really did not want to loose our reservation. They could not have been any more helpful over the phone! Directions were provided, and they kindly held our table until we arrived.Upon arrival, we were quickly escorted to our table. Our server kindly welcomed us and wished my two cousins a very happy birthday and memorable meal. After we all ordered our entrees, we were pleasantly surprised with complimentary appetizers for the entire group (halibut ceviche which was to die for!!). Their bread rolls were extremely delicious and always kept coming. Water was always replenished without even asking. Always a step ahead those people! When it came time to receiving our entrees, the wait staff made sure that all our orders were correct before setting them on the table. The dinner was then completed with complimentary sorbet (made in house). Everything was delicious!!! No one had any complaints about anything.The service was excellent; above and beyond my expectations of any restaurant. I have been to other restaurants like Delmonico's at The Venetian for birthday celebrations, and none match the superb service and attention of Delmonico. Despite the fact that the restaurant's prices are high, the overall experience, taste of the food, and service make it an exceptional place for any occasion.
5	Dinner was just awesome! We started with the wilted spinach frisee with the poached egg and carmelized bacon... so good. I had the halibut--perfectly cooked & flaky My friend had the bone-in ribeye, cooked perfectly We finished it off with the chocolate layer cake with coconut ice cream...OMG. I'm not a coffee drinker but the my friends also had the Jamaican french press which they loved. Michael Jackson was our server-- very attentive and added to the beautiful experience.
1	Is there an email address I can complain to about my experience somewhere? For being the priciest place we ate at during my trip to LV, this was definitely the most disappointing. Service was incredibly aloof. The food was sub-par. For 2 we ordered a few drinks, the Caesar salad and the Chateaubriand, both to share. The Caesar salad was delicious but how can you really go wrong with that? The main course was the absolute worst. Three pieces of meat per person, and it was barely lukewarm. I saw our server "heat" it up for maybe 3 seconds, and then take it off the grill. Although the meat was flavorful, the fact that it was almost COLD ruined the whole meal. Not only that, I asked our server to take a picture of us since it was my bday, and he handed over my camera to another server as if he was too good to take a damn picture!At the end, we had a couple cups of coffee, and was given their birthday raspberry sorbet, which wasn't even edible. Overall NOT recommended.
5	I had the best meal of my life here. I'm not even kidding. It was five years ago when I was on my honeymoon, and the memory of that meal is still with me. I had the petite filet, which came with a side of blue crab hollandaise risotto. Unfortunately, it's not on the menu anymore. The hubs had the ribeye and said it was the best steak he'd ever eaten. We split a bottle of wine. Dinner was pricey, but so worth it. We probably never would have gone here except some considerate wedding guests went in together and got us a gift certificate. The waitress was SO nice, despite us being completely out of our element. This place is super fancy, and we are more of the bar and grill-type frequenters. Also, when we called and made a reservation, we told them we were on our honeymoon. They brought us a mini-appetizer on the house and congratulated us, which was a nice touch.
5	This is what every restaurant aspires to be....perfectEverything is perfect each and every-time.I have been going for what? ten years maybe?Their steaks are always cooked to what exactly you ask for.I LOVE THIS PLACE!
3	Potato Chips with truffles, excellent. Lobster Bisque , flavorful and filled with lobster chunks.scallop, bacon, and shrimp appetizer special was phenomenal 5 stars for the appetizers.Ribeye.... tha'ts another story. too much fat, and too rich for my taste. Was not impressed. Emerils name on the steak knives could not convince me that this was an awesome meal.1 star for the steakMy suggestion. BAMM. Order appetizers and skip the main course.
2	Delmonico is a fraction of what it once was. Back about 10+ years ago, I remember Emerill's hot steak and seafood restaurant having excellent steak, tasty gumbo and wonderful desserts. The ambiance and service were excellent. We started with the gumbo which was very bland and toned down from the original. The barbeque shrimp were ok, but nothing to write home about. For dessert, the banana creme pie was still excellent.I remember Delmonico as a solid 4 star steak spot, and wonder what has happened. It's very sad to see this happen to what used to be one of my favorites.
4	The service here is VERY mixed.  The first time I came (months ago), the host/hostess was NOWHERE to be found for like 10 minutes when I arrived for my party's reservation.  Then once someone was at the front desk, she totally ignored my existence and we stood there for another ten minutes.  Then some guy finally comes and I'm like I had reservations for so and so time and he is like I'm sorry, we just had a large party come in so there may be a bit of a wait.  OK?  That was a first.  I was expecting a little more attentiveness from a restaurant like this.  And it was kind off-putting to have had reservations at a restaurant of this calibre not honored.  We were told to wait in the bar area, where we were not even offered so much as a glass of water, and then ignored for another 15 minutes by the hostess until we decided to leave.THE NEXT DAY, someone calls me and is like you missed your reservation last night.  Um NO, we were there and waited for about 45 minutes and left.  Then he was apologetic and offered to comp our dinner if we were to come back, but I was flying out that day and had to decline that offer.  Then he proceeded to ask for my address so that they could send a gift card.  I was like ok sure.I was surprised that the gift card was for as much as it was.  It was very generous of them.On to the visit where I actually got to eat!The mister and I came during lunch time on a Sunday.  Again, the hostess was nowhere to be found for the first 5 minutes or so.  Then she comes out and is like there is going to be a wait (I had reservations, yet again.)  So we sat at the bar, where the very attentive (and I guess new) bartender proceeded to hand us menus.  Then we were like ehh we'll just eat at the bar.  A couple minutes later, the hostess was finally like oh ok are you guys eating here?We started with the Potato Chips with Truffle Oil and Parmesan MMMMM!!  For my entree, I had the Gulf Shrimp with fettucine and preserved lemon.  The shrimp was very juicy and fresh-tasting.  The bartender, who ended up being pretty much our server was very nice, attentive, and actually really fun to talk to.So despite the initial situation, four stars for the delicious food, service at the bar, and the lengths the management went to make up for the mistake.
5	My visit to Delmonico Steakhouse was in August for our annual Wedding Anniversary trip.  A few days ago, we received a postcard from Delmonico Steakhouse - from our waiter Michael Jackson :o)What a nice surprise!!  It was just a short note to say thank you for visiting their establishment and hope to see us soon.  A little late - But here's my review....Let me start off by saying.. I wasn't too sure about visiting Delmonico Steakhouse since there are sooooo many restaurants that I want to try every time I go to Vegas.  I think we've been to almost ALL the Steak houses in Vegas.  CUT and CRAFT.. some of our favorites.Upon arrival.. we were seated within 3 minutes - which is a GREAT start.  People that know me are well aware that I do not like waiting.  We were directed to a nice booth area and my husband and I were able to sit by each other to "people watch". Immediately we were welcomed by our waiter, Michael Jackson.  We started off with 2 glasses of Chardonnay - Light and smooth. Since I wanted to try so many of the sides and apps.. I decided that I'd just share the steak with my husband..  Sooo Here's what we got:1. Spinach Frisee Salad with Poached Egg and Candied BaconReview:  I was pleasantly surprised that the poached egg was encased in Panko crust and DEEP FRIED.  The candied Bacon.. Amazeballs2. Baked OystersReview:  6 lovely oysters Baked with Garlic/parsley/Parmeson  - What's not to love!!3. Fried Potato Chips with Truffle oil and GarlicReview: AMAZEBALLS!!! NOM NOM NOM  Need I say more4. Creamed CornReview:  Creamy, Sweet but great texture5. Grilled AsparagusReview:  Grilled and seasoned to perfection6. Bone in Rib-EyeReview:  Seared perfectly.  Light Shade of pink - Just how we like it.7. Pecan TartReview:  AmazingWe will definitely frequent Delmonico Steakhouse.  The Service, The Quality, The Experience.. Ask for Michael Jackson!!
5	Hands down, the best meal I've ever had.My boyfriend and I were 20minutes late to our reservation, but they stil accommodated us within 2minutes after getting there. We had THREE servers: one for wine, one for food, and one for.. I don't even know, just to make us feel like royalty!We ordered the bone-in rib-eye and the filet mignon. Although the bone-in rib-eye is the most popular steak at the restaurant, my personal favorite is the filet mignon just for its AMAZING tenderness. I'm really bad at describing taste with words, so all I will say is this: perfection. And you HAVE to pair the steaks with the house red wine. It transformed our meal even more.And for dessert, we got the banana cream pie.. and I wanted to cry. That honestly the best way for me to describe my experience. I took one bite, and wanted to cry. "It was the best tasting dessert I had ever had in my life" is an understatement.Finally, I loved the look of the restaurant. It wasn't as dimly lit was I thought it would be, which I actually was pleasantly surprised about because I'm tired of not being able to see my food. The design is very minimalist but still very sophisticated.. but not TOO sophisticated that regular folks like my boyfriend and I didn't feel out of place.Although it was incredibly expensive, the food and the overall experience was so incredible that even my boyfriend, who can be pretty frugal sometimes, said that Delmonico's HAS to be a place we go back to EVERY year. I can't wait for the next time. :)
4	Highty recommend the Chateaubriand steak to share  -- it was melt in your mouth delicious!  It was priciest of teh 3 restaurants we ate at over the long weekend but by far the best service.
5	I go every time I'm in Vegas. Usually three times a year. This place is the best steak house anywhere, hands down. The bone in ribeye is perfected. BBQ shrimp app and banana cream pie to top it all off! Don't miss this gem!
5	probably the best steak ive had in my life yet.first and foremost it is a steakhouse.  so you can go ahead and eat whatever else is on the menu, but if you come to this spot without ever trying their steak youre a foolio.ive been here several times now and each time my experience is stellar on the social and epicurious level.  good service, fantastic food, youre in vegas, what else do you want? (i guess winning jackpot at the casino would round it off nicely, but thats a whole 'nother story :)anyway, so in my opinion, dont even bother with the filet mignon, that cut is way over rated, which fancy pants rich people have turned into this "exclusive" non weight bearing tender cut of bovine that the social elite should be eating.  while, all of the tenderness story is true, the flavor is all in the bone in ribeye.  this place uses usda prime aged cut, which is the best you can get.  and get it bone in, the bones give off more flavor in the cooking process.  another sign of a good steak house is if its served with butter, which not every place does, but i personally think makes the meat taste 10x better.one other thing i did like about this place is their dinner rolls served to everyone at the beginning of your dinner.  ya ya, dinner rolls, so what.  well, it was actually fresh here.  freshly made, warm, with a little bit of salt on it.  its like being at an awesome steakhouse that has a pan del sal bakery in it!  all in all, it's great food, great service, good location, being in between the palazzo and venetian, thats all you need.  just make sure you bring money, cause this place is on the pricey side, but have no fear, you will get your money's worth!
4	4.5 out of 5 Stars.  Being an Emeril Lagasse restaurant, you had to expect the best.  One of my previous reviews of an expensive steakhouse stated that I could not imagine paying outrageous prices for a steak considering there are only so many ways that you can prepare it.  With that being said I still believe that is true, however I did not pay for my dinner this night since it was for Business :).  Delmonico's is located in The Venetian Resort and Casino right across from the Mirage.  I have always thought the Venetian was one of the more classy places to go in Vegas and Delmonico's was no different.  We called ahead to put our names in for an 8:00pm reso but we got there early at 7.  Some of us were dressed in shorts and flip flops, but since it was Vegas I think thats why we got away with it.  After checking in they said they could seat us early and to take a seat at the bar to relax.  After ordering a few drinks, we were seated promptly by a very friendly hostess.  (On a side note, they have an extensive Scotch list which includes some very rare 100 yr old Scotch's for $150-200 a pop).  We sat down towards the kitchen and was greeted by a stunning blonde waitress...I believe her name was Dale, but I could be mistaken.  We took a look at the menu and this place is not cheap.  You are looking at around 50 bucks for a steak.  Most of us ordered the Ribeye which is my favorite cut of meat and you can either get it bone-in or not bone-in...22oz or 16oz respectively. We started off with BBQ shrimp which is what they are known for and Ahi Tuna and Salmon Tartare.  Both of these were fantastic.  Our steaks came out quickly and they were cooked perfectly.  The sides here are a la carte and each could easily feed at least 4 people.  We got the garlic mashed potatoes and it too was quite delicious.All in all this place was amazing....They have a team of people, 3 to a table, to make sure your water is always filled, bread is on your plate, and that you have everything you would need.  I was mesmerized by our waitress and was inspired to tell her that she was stunningly beautiful.  She was an excellent waitress too haha.  If you are looking for a good restaurant in Vegas I would definitely give this one a try.  Be prepared to spend some money, but it was well worth it.
2	We had scheduled our wedding dinner reception here. The whole process with them seemed difficult from the start.  Eventually we needed to start our dinner 30 minutes later than we first anticipated. We knew this at least a month before the event, but they could not accommodate us and make the change, which seemed ridiculous ... a half hour later, come on?We ended up having the dinner reception at Postrio instead. It couldn't have turned out better and they were very easy to work with. I've dined at both locations on separate occasions, and I have to say my food was better at Postrio both times.
5	The best steakhouse I have ever been too!!! I had the filet and it was soooo good! So tender. My hubby had the bone in ribeye and he said that it was the best steak he has ever had. Definitly a must try when in Vegas.Probably will be going again and again ever time we visit Las Vegas.
5	I decided to take my wife to Las Vegas for our first anniversary.  She'd never been to Las Vegas, but had always wanted to go.  She asked me if we could get dressed up and go somewhere nice one of the nights we were there.  So after doing a little bit of research I stumbled upon Delmonico.  With a name like Emeril Lagasse associated with the place it had to be good right? I went to the website and looked over their menu.  The prices can be very intimidating to someone not used to a fine dining experience.  I really appreciated that the prices were on the menu on the website, because I would not have planned ahead otherwise, and might have choked when I saw them.  However, we only have one first anniversary so I decided we should go for it.  I called and made a reservation about 5 days in advance, the person on the phone was extremely courteous and helpful.  She asked me if we were celebrating a special occasion.  After I explained it was our first anniversary, she said that she would note it on the reservation.  We arrived at Delmonico at about 7:55pm, we had reservations for 8pm.  We were greeted at the front desk by a young woman.  She immediately said "Happy Anniversary" and asked us to have a seat in the lounge.  At about 8:05pm our name was called and we were led back to our table.  A table for four quickly became a table for two.  All the extra silverware, plates, and glasses were whisked away.  The serving staff was beyond courteous, even offering us black napkins due to our clothes being black.  Drink orders were taken and suddenly a plate was placed in front of us. "Courtesy of the chef, for your anniversary." said the server.  It was a crostini, with slightly cooked piece of beef, some blue cheese dressing, and chives topped with olive oil.  I hate blue cheese but I ate it anyway, and it was quite good.  The server asked my wife about wine, and my wife said she liked it but was not very familiar with the types of wine.  The server asked my wife a few questions and came back with a glass of wine my wife loved, and a sample of another kind of wine she might like to have in the future, my wife loved the sample as well.  When it came time to order, my wife order the heirloom tomato appetizer that they have.  It basically sliced heirloom tomatoes with cheese and red onions, drizzled with oil and balsamic.  She loved it.  She also got the Filet Mignon, and buttered asparagus.  Her steak was amazing, I tried a bite of it.  It was cooked perfectly.  It had a little spice to it from the seasoning, all around it was the best Filet Mignon I've ever experienced.  The asparagus was cooked perfectly.  I ordered the Delmonico signature cut, a bone in Ribeye.  Ribeye is my favorite cut of steak by far.  I've been eating primarily Ribeye for so long it's hard to believe that I was ever happy with other cuts.  I also ordered their take on creamed corn.  The Ribeye was worth the whole trip, it was the by far the best Ribeye I have ever encountered and probably ever will.  It was cooked perfectly.  It had the proper amount of fat that should be expected with a Ribeye.  It was amazing.  The corn was really good also.Our server then brought us another complimentary dish from the kitchen, cherry sorbet.  Written in chocolate around the outside of the bowl was "Happy Anniversary".  It was pretty good, I'm not a big sorbet person, however please remember, it was free.  Even with the complimentary dessert my wife and I couldn't pass up a chance to try one of the menu dessert items.  We chose butterscotch Creme Brulee.  It came with 3 butterscotch/chocolate chip cookies on the side.  It was amazing, and probably our new standard for Creme Brulee.All in all our experience was awesome.  The food was outstanding and the service was great.  My glass never got empty.  Every time I finished a dinner roll another roll was promptly placed on the plate in it's place.  After the 2nd or 3rd roll, I looked over towards my wife, grinning.  The server saw this and quietly said with a smile on her face, "You know that is going to keep happening." I told my wife that when I was over the rolls, I probably needed to leave a bite on the plate to avoid a new roll. It was funny.  I would recommend Delmonico to anyone who is in Vegas and looking for a great place to go.  I would encourage anyone who does go to go with the expectation or a fantastic meal.  I think if you go in with the idea of being critical, you will probably find something to complain about, as the couple at the next table did.  They had multiple issues, and sent a few things back to the kitchen.  Remember that food preparation is an art not a science, and enjoy.
4	** 100th Review ** I had been anticipating this lunch for a few days. Delmonico has been a favorite of mine but I hadn't dined there for a year. And, I was meeting esteemed London Yelper Yee Gan O., who was on one of his dining and roller coaster trips across America. Talking with Yee Gan was great. In fact, our conversation was so animated that our server asked if we wanted him to remain away, because we were discussing business. I told him that it wasn't business we were discussing, and he was thus welcome to hover over us. But, besides the consistency of the Bearnaise Sauce, the one complaint I have is that on this outing the waitstaff did not come close to hovering. I had to ask for a second roll, Iced Tea refills occurred but not too frequently, and an empty butter dish remained empty. This was in sharp contrast to my earlier visits to Delmonico where I could barely get a glass down to half full before it was refilled, and when a new roll appeared as soon as an old one disappeared. The restaurant was not very crowded at all, so being too busy could not legitimately account for the laggard service. It wasn't so much our server but our assistant server who fell down on the job. He was responsible for refilling glasses, resupplying rolls, and making sure sufficient butter was available on the table. Now on to the meal itself! My Lobster Bisque was very smooth, creamy, and flavorful, with a few morsels of sweet lobster to nibble on as garnish. It was all I hoped for! The Caesar Salad that followed was better than I expected. It was very tasty, with very fresh Romaine lettuce leaves and long croutons that when broken spread cheesy garlic flavor all over the lettuce, to join with the Parmesan splinters that were liberally spread over all. It was an excellent dish! My Filet Mignon looked forlorn on the plate. Only a large pat of Maitre D' Butter appeared beside it. A little pink blood was also pooled on the plate beneath the meat, which to me was a good sign. The Prime grade Filet was cooked almost all medium rare to order, but a few spots were closer to medium, and the steak was more peppery than I prefer. Otherwise it tasted very good. It could have tasted even better had I not forgotten to order Bearnaise Sauce until the steak arrived at our table. That was my fault, and it probably contributed to the drama that followed. But the Filet on my plate was not a $50 steak, which is what I paid for it. For that price--especially at lunch--I expect the Filet to be great. This one was very good but not great. Its size was not listed, but it was no more than 8 oz. Our server immediately put in the order for Bearnaise Sauce, but it did not arrive for several minutes. He then made a point of telling me that the chef makes Bearnaise Sauce to order, and was preparing a new batch for me. A few minutes later, as I chipped away at more steak without any sauce, still no sauce had appeared. So I ate more of my steak, which was at least still tasty standing on its own. Then the Bearnaise Sauce at last arrived, but it was runny and not very flavorful. It looked like it needed to set longer, so I left it alone for about two minutes, but the consistency remained thin after then. Again, my tardiness in ordering the sauce probably caused the chef to rush its preparation, so I take partial responsibility for an imperfect Bearnaise on this occasion. Let this be a lesson to all diners: Order Bearnaise Sauce when you order your steak--not when it arrives! As I ate my steak, I looked longingly at Yee Gan's Lobster Sliders, which looked delectable. But I'll let him report on that as well as the Traditional New Orleans Gumbo that he also ordered, which looked delicious as well, and that I have enjoyed before. But Delmonico is first and foremost a steakhouse, and I wanted to review one of its steaks. (However, I may slip in again soon and order Lobster Sliders on my next lunch outing there.) My side of Country Smashed Potatoes was a smash hit, with creamy red-skinned potatoes with a little of the skin showing, a few circles of green onion sprinkled on top, and including some very tasty lumps of potato that quickly dissolved in the mouth. I was going to take the remaining uneaten half of this quite large side dish home, it tasted so good--but forgot to do so, for which I am still kicking myself. For dessert, Yee Gan and I split a generous slice of Emeril's renowned Banana Cream Pie, which was top-heavy with Whipped Cream, filled with luscious pieces of banana, and also bedecked with Chocolate Shavings and Caramel Sauce. As I savored each bite, I tried to conjure up how to best describe the taste of this concoction, and one word stood out: "heavenly." The only comparable Banana Cream Pie I have eaten is the last one I had at Delmonico. And, this one was better by a shaving. Overall, a very good lunch with great company!
5	What kind of retard spends $60 on a steak? ^^^ This kind (noob.yelp.com)             This place is SOOOOOOOOOO good. I have nothing negative to say whatsoever about the food. The restaurant design/ambiance is on point and so are the waiters/waitresses. I like their waiting room (piano, drinks, seats, TVs, and all). Seriously though, I could eat their steak for breakfast, lunch, dinner, AND dessert. That good. Trust.
5	Best steaks I have ever had!
2	Food: DisappointingService: Excellent10 of us dined, expecting a Vegas Fine Dining experience with memorable foods. It was truly disappointing. The service was spot on, but the food was BLAH. The only Seafood options were Salmon, or Oysters on a half shell. They were cold. The veggies were decent, but everyone was unimpressed.
4	Another great steakhouse in Las Vegas (I think almost all of them are great, and it all depends on what style you are looking for). This is a chain restaurant so some might be skeptical, but overall I think this is one of the better restaurants of the chain (as I have been to several of the Delmonico restaurants). The service was great as usual and for the price point of the steak, I think one of the more affordable steakhouses in Las Vegas for what you get. The bone-in rib eye - cooked to perfect medium rare and the one thing that Delmonico's adds to their steaks is a big chunk of herb butter that just adds so much more flavor to the steak (although you know its bad for you, you just want more!). Sides - great for sharing and we had the mixed mushrooms, creamed spinach and creamed corn. Not the best sides that I've had, but they were good.Overall, a great option for a steakhouse in The Venetian and in Las Vegas.
4	Just returned from Vegas.  This was my fourth time at Delmonico's - it does not disappoint.  The bone-in ribeye is a must, as is the creamed spinach.  If you love pecan pie, their personalizied pecan pie desert is probably the best desert I have ever had in a restaurant.The quality of the food and service are supurb.  A nice meal for two (without alcohol) including tip will generally be around $150.00.  Very pricey, but a great meal.  The only knock on Delmonico's is the noise.  I love the food, but the general restaurant space feels a biit crowded and is a lot noisier than I would like.  There are some private rooms for larger parties, which would improve the experience.  I don't know if it is the setup of the restaurant or the acoustics in the space, but the restaurant is just too noisy for me.  If it was a quieter and more intimate setting, it would definately be 5 stars.  However, I will be back.  I can always count on a great meal here.I have been at Delmonico's in parties of two, four and 12.  If you are in a large group the restaurant becomes a 5 star - lots of fun, and the noise will not be an issue (chances are that your party will be making most of the noise).Go whenever you have a chance - great experience.
4	Bone In Ribeye!!!!  Nuff said.....
2	bleh at best... i really wouldnt give the food any better ratings then outback... the only highlight of this meal was the service... they, i have to admit were really good. id save your money and go somewhere that actually has good food.
3	Atmosphere is very conservative.  Service was great, however steaks are okay not OUTSTANDING like at Prime at Bellagio.  The sides were excellent.  The wine menu is over 100 pages.  But really not work the $52 for a bone in ribeye
4	This is a steak house/sports bar. I had the rib eye. It was grilled exactly how I ordered it....med rare. Lots of tv's to enjoy any sports event. Overall a very nice place, can't wait to go back!
4	Ate at kitchen table for 40th birthday. Great experience. The sous chef was a little nervous but the sommelier was great. Definitely get the wine pairing. Filet mignon with mushrooms and foie gras was a great combination of flavors. Desserts are amazing. Thanks Delmonico!
5	Last time I ate at this fine establishment, I uttered the words, "This is the best meal of my life."  I got this Linguine with pesto, chicken and pine nuts (yes I know, I ordered pasta at a steakhouse), but it was well worth it!  Emeril knows what he's doing no matter what the dish you order.  Their tartar is absolutely fantastic as well. Service is unlike nothing I've ever experienced.  Even though it's pricey and fancy, even if you can get here just once in your life, it's worth it!!!PS - Good beers and wines!
4	We decided to pay Delmonico another visit after how successful our first experience was.  This time we only had a party of 4 (last time we had a party of at least 20).  The service of course was still great.We started with the tuna/salmon tar tare - wasn't mediocre but still goodThe men ordered the bone-in rib eyes and the ladies ordered the petite rib eye special - that came with a marrow/wine sauce over the steaks in place of butter.  My husband and I both ordered ours medium-rare, the other pair ordered theirs medium.  When we received our steaks, they ended up giving everyone the wrong steaks.  The other couple seemed to have enjoyed our medium-rare steaks though!We ended our dinner sharing 2 desserts, the banana creme pie and creme brulee - both were yummy.Outside of our mixed up orders, we will definitely be back.  Their steaks melt like butta!
5	Great atmosphere and service.  Wonderful food (definitely try the lobster bisque). The filet was amazing as well.  A little pricey, but that is to be expected in Vegas.
5	Fantastic!Went here with coworkers/industry acquaintances and I can honestly say this was, hands down, one of the best meals of my life.  Not just the food but the amazing conversation.  And I was the youngest one, by at least 20 years. Ordered a Rib-eye which was stunningly delicious.  My mouth is watering just thinking of it.  Our table ordered several sides, steak tartare, buttered broccoli, au gratin potatoes... all cooked to perfection.  We had wonderful wine with our meal and great inspiring conversations...it was really refreshing to be out to dinner with people who actually enjoy going out to dinner for 3 hours.  I mean for me it's a dream...other people are always rushing me when we're out to eat so this was a blessing!!Saying that the "Service was impeccable" is an understatement.  This place is truly incredible!
4	No.Go to the original in NYC. Food's good but no. Stop.If you really need to go to a steakhouse that you want to remind yourself of another time and city, try Capitol Grille or Smith and Wolenski.This? No. Again, good food, but no.
3	The steak here was just ok. Granted I was h h h h hammered.  But I have a distinct fuzzy memory of it being unmemorable.  Really wish I had gone to Carne Vino or Cut instead.  But this place is easier at accommodating a massively sized group without a fixed menu.
3	Food was amazing. Best lobster bisque I ever had, perfectly cooked lobster. My husband had the Ribeye, he's a true meat eater and is still raving about it. I had the filet mignon, incredible seasoning and cooked to perfection. Ordered the creamed corn, delicious. Didn't give 5 stars....ambiance not in line with the high-priced menu. I've heard of minimalism, but it's bizarre to see art niches with nothing in them. Noise level moderate. Dress code needs to be enforced. Arrived for a birthday dinner dressed to the 9's, watched a guy get seated @ a table near-by wearing camoflauge shorts and a polo shirt.Free sorbet for the b-day girl (seemed cheap)
2	Over-rated!!!!!!!!! My steak was overly seasoned. It was way too salty for my liking. Everyone else at my table was completely disappointed with their order as well. Not worth wasting your time here.
4	Went there for my father's 80th birthday.  Excellent.  My parents both ordered the fillet mignon, which was very flavorful.  The butter on top helps.  I got the fillet medallions.  I found the sauce and crust to be slightly too overpowering on the fillet, but it was still very good.  Our waiter, Frank, was very personable and made us feel right at home.
5	Five stars you ask? Yes I answer and don't ever doubt me again. First let me mention they have one of the best wine lists in Vegas due to the Delmonico in Miami closing down and sending 500+ wines to this one in Vegas. Sorry that your other restaurant closed, Emeril, but thanks for the amazing wine.For appetizers we had a sampler plate that consisted of BBQ shrimp, cold crab legs, and truffle oil potato chips. All three were great but the truffle oil potato chips were freaking amazing! These were the first chips I have had in years and I am so glad I chose these to break my no chip policy. For main I went with the filet mignon very rare and it was delicious with the perfect amount of dry rub and no sauce, just the way I like it. Their sides are served family style and I love that. We had the wild mushrooms, creamed corn, asparagus, and garlic mashed potatoes. Our dinner lasted three hours thanks to the amazing wine and they never once rushed us to leave. In fact, every time I came back to the table from the restroom (remember lots of wine) they had refolded my dinner napkin. Now that's some damn good service right there! The ambiance is classy with all white walls, rounded ceilings and an open layout. Cheers
5	I had the privilege of coming here in honor of two fo my friends' birthdays last month. Being the type of guy who rarely eats at anywhere higher than a two $ sign establishment, I'd have to say this is by far the best dining experience I've ever had in my life, so far.Our night started off with a VERY informative waiter showing us the ropes. It makes sense why these servers make the money they make, they are extremely good at their job and know the menu and wine pairings like the back of their hand. ..at least the server we had was of this caliber.For starters, we had the Truffle Parmesean potato chips. These things are incredible. It's one of those dishes where you just want to savor each bite one chip at a time. SO GOOD.We also tried the Lobster Bisque. Best Lobster Bisque I've ever had. Very smooth, rich in lobster flavor, and not too overly salty. Some fresh cracked pepper makes it just absolutely perfect.My two friends went for the chateaubriand. An exquisite cut of tenderloin(same cut as filet mignon) SO tender that it just nearly melts in your mouth.I had the Bone in Rib-eye. Quite possibly the best steak I've ever had in my life. I ordered it medium rare. It was cooked perfectly, and once I had a taste, I just had to close my eyes and shut down all my other senses so that I can thorougly enjoy this. It was quite a big steak, but with the price I paid and the epic state of mind I was in, I finished it knowing that I couldn't leave all that buttery meaty goodness behind unfinished.That on top of a bottle of wine and a few sides, our meal came out to be.. well.. expensive. But SO WORTH IT.
2	The excellent: 1) Waiter Frank was very helpful and personable and was dead-on with food recommendations! 2) the barbeque shrimp was the highlight of the meal; its sauce was so flavorful and a definite must-get item! 3) very nice touch of congratulatory dish written in chocolate and complementary dessert! The bad: we received NY strips instead of rib-eyes and steak not impressive at all; did not taste like it was a prime cut - too lean and very little flavor, although foie gras was cooked perfectly. Restaurant touts of 7 week aged beef but couldn't tell - have had more flavorful steaks from Costco. Won't go here again because of the unimpressive steak quality, even though service, ambiance, and appetizer was excellent.
4	You know the expression about sailors having a woman in every port. Well, on my recent trip to the USA, I had Yelpers in every town to host, entertain and amuse!Vegas Elite Dennis T was my lunch companion when I was in town. Not only was he gracious enough to clear some time in his busy schedule to have lunch with me but I was honoured that he made our meal together his 100th reviewDennis gave me a list of tempting options for lunch. I had to watch how much I was going to have for lunch as I had a dinner reservation at Raku that evening for the kaiseki menu but the lobster sliders at Delmonico caught my eye, so that was my choice.I had a nice time wandering through the Venetian on my way to Delmonico. The size and scale of U.S. buildings in general amaze me but the Venetian is certainly very ornate and I enjoyed looking at the menus while walking down restaurant row on the way to DelmonicoI instantly recognised Dennis from his Yelp picture and like all the Yelpers I've met, conversation flowed like we were old friends. So much so that unusually for Yelpers, we were chatting so much that ordering took awhile as we hadn't look at the menu the first few times that our waiter approached to take our orderThe restaurant is certainly decked out to appeal to the higher end of customer. It was a quiet lunch service when we dined and while it provided a good ambiance for chatting, I perhaps didn't see Delmonico as the busy celebrity chef steakhouse that it is.I had already decided on my main course of lobster sliders and using my personal rule of taking the opportunity of eating foods that I don't come across often, I paired that with an appetiser of traditional New Orleans gumbo. I'm not in any position to comment on the authenticity of the gumbo but as Emeril Lagasse started his celebrated celebrity chef trail with his first restaurant Emeril's in New Orleans, I'm guessing he can cook a good gumbo. Mine was certainly pungent with a great depth of flavour from a carefully stock. Being Asian, I was also impressed to see that the rice had been cooked wellDennis was pleased with his appetiser of lobster bisque followed by Caesar saladIt may seem odd to eschew steak at a steakhouse. However, I've always liked the sound of lobster roll but still haven't tried one yet. I saw these lobster sliders as the nearest I could get until I make my trip to the northeast to try a real lobster roll. Well, the sliders were excellent - soft rolls containing morsels of sweet lobster meat mixed with the right amount of mayonnaise and seafood dressing.Dennis however wasn't quite as lucky with his fillet steak, which arrived looking rather lonely on the plate. Dennis decided to order some bearnaise to correct this loneliness but it took a long time to appear and when it did, it seemed a bit watery.In an effort to not be too piggy, Dennis and I split the banana cream pie. Well, the combination of banana, pie, whipped cream, caramel and chocolate shavings pleased my palate probably more than my arteries! I don't have a really sweet tooth but I really enjoyed thisDennis was kind enough to give a lift back to my hotel down the Strip, which gave me a good touristy view of the sightsA friendship sealed. A celebrity chef ticked off. Lobster sliders consumed. A most successful lunch rendezvous indeed!
5	The Bone-in ribeye was excellent.   The apps and the wine were great, and the service was prompt and friendly.    I will recommend this as a great place to go for a steak in Vegas!
4	Delmonico's is a very good steak house. We had an excellent meal and the bone-in ribeye was huge and pretty flavorful. The filet was tender and delicious. The sides were very good (really loved the mushrooms) and leave room for the banana cream pie. Great service, staff willing to help you with their extensive wine list and the bar served great drinks. I did think it was pricey though - there are many other excellent steak houses in Vegas so it' really doesn't stand out. Not to damn them with faint praise of course.
5	Had an all around fine meal at Delmonico on our recent trip to Las Vegas.  I also went to Wolfgang Puck's CUT and gave it 4 stars on this trip.  The only real difference was that Delmonico cooked my NY Strip perfectly medium rare vs. just a bit over at Puck's place.  The rest of the meal from service to apps to salads was first rate.  The gumbo was yummy with a dark brick roux used and plenty of chicken, seafood and andouille to complement.  They put a big ole hunk of Maitre d butter on each steak and this, along with the Cajun seasoning (am assuming Emeril's trademark Essence) and the natural juices from the prime, aged beef lead to a wonderful liquid on your plate for dipping each tender bite.Service was as attentive and on point as one would expect at these prices.  Sorry Wolfgang, Emeril wins this showdown by .5 of a star!
4	Yummy!  Sometimes, all a man needs is a good steak and some...., ummm, never mind about the latter. Emeril knows how to make a good bone in ribeye, and I was not at all disappointed with my choice of restaurant and menu items to officially blow the diet. I had the bone in ribeye (get this!), an asparagus side with tender and perfectly prepared spears and a truly unique appetizer - fried polenta with seared ahi tuna, a red(ish) sauce, and arugula pesto with super fresh cole (cabbage?, Mustard?Broccoli? - not sure which ) vegetable sprouts sprinkled on top. The overall effect was - 'win!'.   Eat here.
4	I was (again) lucky enough to have lunch here to participate in an IT seminar for my place of employment.  When has a free steak ever turned me down?Delmonico was no exception, good food!  I had wanted to try this place before but eating like a king on a pauper's salary just didn't cut it.  Emeril has done a great job with his steakhouse here in Las Vegas.The presenters for this IT seminar were smart, they decided to make us go though a big chunk of their product presentation BEFORE letting us start to partake in our steak lunch.  That was smooth guys...make us sweat it out!  But the payoff was pretty good.  Our menu was one created by the folks doing the seminar, it was a nice three-course meal.We started off with Delmonico's Organic Baby Mixed Greens Salad - topped with creole spiced croutons, shaved manchego cheese, teardrop tomatoes, shaved red onions, and a sherry vinaigrette.  Excellent salad, light, tart, salty, and the croutons and red onions (I love them raw if they're sliced really thin) gave it some nice crunch.Next we had the choice of either a steak or salmon.  Seeing as I was in a steakhouse and that I-like-a-the-beef, I naturally went for a steak.  On the menu was a petite ribeye - which was charbroiled USDA prime aged, creole seasoned, and topped with butter.  Got mine in a nice medium rare.  Boy oh boy, was this a winner!  Tender, succulent, cooked right, a nice kick from the creole seasoning, excellent I say.  I usually like a steak sauce with my steak...but alas, I did not need it!  I sopped up every last bit of the beefy goodness.  The side of Country Smashed Potatoes were good too, but you can guarantee I kept my focus on that lil' slice of heavenly ribeye!  It's up there with one of the most tastiest steaks I've had, and this was only a mini-me of the full size!  I took a look at some of the other diners steaks that weren't in on our seminar, and they were huge!  Delmonico definitely puts out a lot of meat for the money.We ended the menu with a chocolate tart of some sort, I cannot fully remember it off the top of my head because I really wasted most of my brain power consuming that steak.  But yes, that tart must have been pretty good because I do remember finishing that as well!Quickly looking at the actual menu, Delmonico is on par with pricing as other steakhouses in the area.  Most steaks are hitting the $40-50 range, sides are around $9 a pop, with desserts around $10.  Not cheap so if you're going here make sure it's a special occasion!  But then again, if you are rich I guess everyday would be a special occasion.
2	Went there for the thanksgiving dinner. What a mistake! Dry turkey with horrible tasting green beans. Also ordered mojitos and they were the worse I've had. I do not know about the rest of the menu but the thanksgiving dinner was overpriced and gross. The two stars are for the dinner roles and the parmesan chips.
2	Given the big name attached to this place (Emeril), and based on a friend's recommendation, I had high hopes. Sadly, the name here is just a facade for mediocre food and service.I made reservations via Yelp/OpenTable to treat my girl to a nice dinner on our first "just us" trip to Las Vegas.It was a cold night and she had decided to wear a heavy coat. When we arrived, neither the host or hostess offered to take her coat. I then asked them to take her coat and they responded that Delmonico's doesn't offer a coat check. Strike one.The hostess seated us at a table that had obviously already been reserved for us, as two of the chairs at the four-person table had been removed. That was a small, but nice touch.I had expected Delmonico's to have a dress code, but there were plenty of patrons in jeans and polo shirts. I almost want to strike the restaurant for that, but I understand it is Vegas and they have to cater to a variety of customers. But it does take the ambiance down a notch.The waiter appeared promptly and introduced himself (Renee, I believe it was). I had to ask for the wine list. Why should I have to *ask* for the wine list? Strike two.Renee did not go over any of the specials with us. He also mentioned that two other servers would be assisting them, but he did so when they weren't there. So when one of them came by later, we had no idea which of the two assistants he was.The assistant pretty much took over at that point, and we only saw Renee once again (with the bill). The assistant asked to take our order before we even saw the wine list.This wasn't turning out to be the pampered, high-quality service that I had come to expect based on my experiences at other fine dining establishments.Our food came out fairly quickly; almost too quickly. We had barely received the wine when our appetizers arrived. She had the lobster bisque which was very thin and only contained about 1oz of lobster. I had the duck prosciutto flatbread. The duck was overcooked and still had a layer of skin and fat that was rubbery.Almost instantly after we finished our appetizers, the main entrees arrived as if they had been waiting around the corner with the dishes to spring out as we took the last bites of our appetizers.She ordered the filet and I had the bone-in rib-eye. Both of the cuts were of good quality but were ruined by an over-seasoning of creole spices. Both steaks were ordered medium rare and came out cooked perfectly.The sides left much to be desired. Many of the choices were bland and uninspiring. The broccoli was simply steamed with no seasoning or oils added. The potato gratin contained too much garlic.The speed of the service and delivery of the meal was too fast. We finished dinner within 1 hour. Strike three.Total damage, including wine ($120 for the bottle) and tip, came to ~$340. We've had much, much better fine dining experiences (and food) for less.I would not recommend this place to anyone looking for a classy, upscale meal. It's just a touristy, over-priced restaurant with a celebrity chef's name tied to it.There are many better options available in Vegas.
5	Finally made it here after wanting to go for so many years.  From the moment we got there we were greeted by the hosting area and whisked away to our table.  They pulled the chairs out for me and my guest and made sure we were comfortable.  They even asked if I wanted my jacket placed on the empty seat next to me, wow.  Head waiter came over and introduced himself and his team that were going to serve us for the night.  Sommelier came over and asked if I need any help picking out a wine.  being the wine geek that I am I had no problem browsing thru the incredible list/book and picked out a delicious red burgundy.  We ordered the truffled potato chips and boy were they good, yummo.  We skipped on a big appetizer because we didn't want to get too full.  We both ordered the Bone In RIb Eye and it was one of the best steaks I have ever eaten that I was sucking the tasty bone with no shame.  One incredible meal and one of the best I have had in Vegas.  This is the place and I will be back for sure...
3	When I think Delmonico, I think banana cream pie rather than steak. I don't really understand applying cajun rub to a perfectly decent, medium rare porterhouse cut. But I do understand a buttery crust filled with sweet, vanilla-banana pudding and stuffed full of ripe pieces of banana. The pie isn't as creamy as the yummy banana cream pie from Jongewaard's, but I think that may be because the banana to pudding ratio favors the bananas. Delmonico has one of my favorite banana cream pies and, now, is a regular stop during my visits to Vegas. Only 3 stars though because it's a self-proclaimed "steakhouse" and I didn't care for the steak.
5	One of the best restaurants from Emeril.  A group of us dined here while in Vegas.  I ordered the ahi tuna/salmon tartare as an appetizer.  It was amazing!  The ahi and salmon tasted very fresh.  The fish is divied by a small amount of seaweed salad.  It's served with wonton chips, cucumber/onion "salad", and a trio of wasabi sauces.  For dinner I ordered the ribeye steak.  It was HUGE.  I was expecting small portions since it's the case at most fancy restaurants. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to finish my steak.  And most hotels in Vegas do not have a fridge or microwave in the room.  So, I couldn't take it with me.  For dessert, the group shared the bread pudding with butter pecan ice cream, chocolate cake, and pecan pie.  And these were not your typical "pecan pie" or "chocolate cake".  They were all delicious and decadent! You have to try them to really understand.  Overall, my dining experience was wonderful.  The service is impeccable and the restaurant has a warm ambiance to it.  Yes, it's pricey, but you are going to a famous chef's restaurant.
2	Great food. Great service too if you're a high roller, no so much for the average diner like me.The table next to ours had someone on staff stopping by to check on the every few minutes, chat them up, pour more wine, etc.Our table of six received very mechanical service. Food was dropped off, and no one bothered to ask how the food was or of any of us would like another drink (two of us sat with an empty glass from the middle of the meal onward).Fine dining is about the overall experience, and Delmonico let me down with poor service.This was my second visit. I tried to give then a second chance, but this visit only confirmed the poor service from my first.  I will not be going back.
4	Everything I had was great - lobster bisque and filet.  Although all the dishes Could probably be a little less buttery/heavy, I would recommend and return.
5	OHH.... ohhhhhhh.... omg. Let me start off by saying that I am not a beef person. I can happily chicken every day... buuut every now and then I get that naughty craving for some good ol' American red meat! :DSo ex-roomie and I went to Vegas to visit friends of hers and I told her we could do whatever they wanted & all I wanted in return was to visit one of the famous pricey Vegas steakhouses. All agreed and so we booked a reserv. for Delmonico. The decor was simple, but elegant... kinda mod, imho. Looked very exclusive from the outside, so I felt all fancy. :DI have to give MAJOR props to the waiters(s), especially an awesome young gentleman who was a total sweetheart (I think his name was Andre..). Actually, I was shellshocked at the great service... most pricey restaurants are pretty snooty, but the peeps @ Delmonico were warm and super attentive.Unfortunately, there was major drama @ my table with a couple of the girls (snide remarks,  tears, running to the bathrooms), throughout which Andre (?) remained patient. I tuned all this out because..................................... I WAS HAVING MINI MOMENTS OVER MY AMAZING, TENDER, SUCCULENT AND DELICIOUS BONE-IN RIBEYE!!!  holy mother. The thing was huge and ex-roomie and I actually shared it (with Andre sweetly saying that it was not a problem) and it was STILL too much. Had my steak been anything but spectacular, I would have been mortified at the shenanigans. Instead, I swiped some artichoke spears (crisp, fresh and awesome) & truffle potato chips (a little greasy but OMG, so good)  from the other ladies and dug into the side we ordered, which was the potato au gratin (again, a little heavy but OHHH... so amazingly tasty... my favorite side dish!) Crazy delicious food, beautiful ambiance and wonderful service, and actually, with the magic of sharing, did not break the bank. I will definitely be back!!!!!
5	One of the best meals.  The steaks are aged and melt in your mouth.   Fast a day prior so you can enjoy an appetizer, salad, entree and dessert.  This place rocks!
4	I been to SW steakhouse, CUT and Craftsteak in vegas. Delmonicos ranks right up there with those 3 steakhouses.attire here is business casual.service is spectacular. water and soda glasses were always filled and hot warm bread every 5-10 minutes brought out to us. if you go, you must get the TRUFFLE CHIPS for an appetizer. AMAZING MOUTHWATERING omg... $10 for a big batch of chips.My bone in ribeye was awesome. my friend's filet mignon was superb and his gf's salmon was good.that being said, i only give this place 4 stars because my baked potato and friends doubled stuffed potatoe were a bit dry. maybe i will try the polenta next time?
5	Went here with friends at 1030 p.m. following the marathon and amazed that they let my husband in while wearing his running attire as this is truly fine dining and he looked extraordinarily out of place.  After losing an undisclosed amount of money, I wasn't really in the mood to eat yet another expensive meal; however...I was prepared for high prices and adequate food but my oh my was I in for a pleasant surprise... at least on 50% of the expectations.  Food Fabulous and Prices were indeed expensive but I have to say worth the full experience.My husband shared the Chateaubriand Carved Tableside for Two, Asparagus and Garlic Smashed Potatoes for  $110 - Same as the Filet however, it comes with sides and costs less.  It was prepared PERFECTLY and was delicious from the first bite to the last bite.  Other sides folks had and loved were: New Orleans Creamed Spinach;  Twice Baked Potato with Bacon and Vermont CheddarThe wine we chose (we asked for a med-full bodied red with a smooth finish and complex aromas that didn't cost more than $100 or $1000 (see photo of wine prices)  He actually suggested something for around $60 or so and it was exquisite!  Chappellet Mountain Cuvee 2009.Add this to your to do list in Vegas and go hungry!!  Don't be shy to ask for a wine within your price range... they don't carry any bad wines so why pay a thousand bucks for wine?  LOVED THIS RESTAURANT!
5	Talk about a perfect experience...Delmonico is just amazing. My husband and I enjoyed the best meal. He enjoyed the petite wedge salad while I had the lobster bisque. He had the NY Strip and I had the bone-in ribeye. Our server told us that these would be the best steaks we've ever had on the strip. At first we thought he was just blowing smoke, but boy, was he ever right. The steaks were perfectly seasoned. We shared the au gratin potatoes which were hearty yet creamy and just delicious. The service was perfect. Not intrusive or annoying at all. Food arrived at the proper temperatures and my drink was never less than 1/2 full. Can't wait to go back. Thank you Emeril!
4	Great steaks, great service and the banana cream pie was over the top.
5	Damn you Emeril Lagasse.  Damn you and your fantastic service and amazing steaks.  I am ruined for life from any other restaurant.  Nothing will ever compare.  I intend to keep returning until you make a mistake and I am no longer addicted to the best steak I have ever had in my life.
5	Food was great.  I had the aged Rib Eye, and my wife had the Filet Mignon Medallions.  The service was top notch.  Attention to detail.  I will be back!
5	Very good, and worth the price!  All food was very good and service outstanding.  Perfect location if going to shows in Venetian or Palazzo.
5	We had early reservations for a party of 9 for my 40th birthday. We were seated at a lovely table and were all surprised how we could hear everyone without having to strain. This means the acoustics in the room we were in were spot on. Our waiter was Lamont and there were various other folks helping us out. We were all served warm buttery rolls that had both a salt and we are pretty sure bit of sugar sprinkling on them. Drinks were ordered by a few of us-I imbibed just a bit as it was my birthday after all and the drinks were good, reasonably priced and tasty. Everything we ate was wonderful. We started with 2 orders of house made potato chips with truffle oil and Parmesan. They were yummy and the perfect combination of salt and grease to help the booze go down easily. Some of us had starters, some of us chose not to. I had the lobster bisque to start and it was heavenly with perfectly cooked lobster and nice pieces of it. Others had the Gumbo (no seafood-heat but not hot), the heirloom tomato and Burrata cheese salad. There were also a couple of other appetizers ordered-BBQ Shrimp (delicious and unlike anything we had before) and Escargot(I was too chicken to try it).Truffle Parmesan potato chipsFor mains, people had FiletsBone In Rib-eye SalmonScallopsMedallions of beefSince sides are generous, we all shared:AsparagusCreamed Corn-delicious (and I make my own just as good)Creamed Spinach (the most boring)Sauteed Mushrooms-fabulousPotato GratinTwice Baked PotatoesGrits (meh-but not for me texturally)We were all so full, we only ordered one dessert to share and that was the infamous Banana cream pie. Worth every bite and every calorie-in fact....Kevin and I came back here for lunch our last day in Vegas!We shared the BBQ shrimp, I had the lobster bisque again and he had the heirloom tomato salad. We also shared another slice of the banana cream pie and I would do it again in a heartbeat. Fabulous birthday dinner and wonderful company!
5	Fantastic bone-in ribeye. Perfectly marbled. Delicious cajun rub. Great wine selection. The gumbo was great, but a little too refined...almost like a stew. Ambiance was a bit sterile. But, you're here for the steak... And it's awesome.
5	Our favorite steakhouse in town, by far.  Fantastic steak, yummy sides, fabulous service, wonderful dining atmosphere and the best sommelier in town, Kevin Vogt.  And my husband's favorite dessert, the banana cream pie.
4	They are known for their bone-in ribeye so I had to try that.  I ordered mine medium rare and it was a little undercooked but still very tasty.  The steak was good but not the best I've had.  What was really amazing was the white fish.  This was the first time I tried the white fish and I will order this again.  I also tried the New Orleans bbq shrimp which was good and the au gratin potatoes.  The sides are huge and we had a hard time finishing one side.  Service was excellent and the restaurant had a nice modern contemporary look which I liked.  Overall, a good steakhouse and I had a good experience here.
5	Ahhh. Delmonico. I always make a point to visit this restaurant when I am in Nevada, for this is my favorite steakhouse. The ambience is quite dim, and the overall atmosphere simple and elegant.We started out with the truffle and parmesan chips as well as the pork trotter. The chips= simply AMAZING. The chip was light and airy, yet when you bite into it, you get the perfect combination of truffle oil and crisp potato. The pork trotter was also good, but I believe that it was better the last time I came.As for the steak, I ordered their signature bone-in ribeye with a side of spinach. The steak came with butter on top, which I found different because not many other steakhouses included that. The steak was delicious; and i was able to finish it without problem.However, I was too full for dessert, and did not have the opportunity to see the desert menu. Last time when I was here, I remember the peach or apple (some fruit) tart with ice cream was the best.
4	My favorite LV restaurant; they can do no wrong with any beef or pork dish. The last time I was in Las Vegas, I dined there twice in three days, the menu makes it easy to do that.   Great salads and app's too.   The wine list is fantastic and the pricing not that bad considering this is Vegas in the Venetian.
4	the food was good. The service was good. The ambiance needs lots of work.
4	Decided we'd give this a try as we frequent many of Houston's steak joints regularly.  Definitely did not disappoint.  Prices were a little higher then I think they should have been, but suitable given the restaurant and area.  Maybe Houston's just a better value for food, I don't know.  Doesn't matter anyway..We started with an heirloom tomato salad which was quite good.  Truffle and parm chips were delicious as well and certainly something I've looked to duplicate at home.  Buffalo ribeye was a good change of pace as well from the typical Texas steak house offerings.  Really enjoyed the wine reduction with that.  Also sampled the filet which was pretty standard, well done however.Wine selection was also fairly reasonable with options for everyone.
4	Pretty good steak
4	Fancy! =)Well, I must admit that my husband does know how to pick them. We went here for dinner during our weekend getaway and I was not disappointed. The style and ambiance is very simple and chic. If I may add another word - classy.The service was impeccable! The waiters (we had 3), were so welcoming and genuinely interested in how they could make our stay there memorable. So that's always a big plus for me (i do not like snooty waiters). The food was great! Not the best I've tasted but still up there =). I had the white fish with lump crab and it was delicious! The fish was soft and not chewy at all and the crab definitely complimented the slight saltiness of the fish. Great find!The New orleans bbq shrimp were a tad too salty for my taste, but nevertheless, delicious.I would've definitely ordered dessert, but I was so full that I just couldn't get myself to do it. In any case, I had a wonderful time and I must implore you to try it if you are ever at the Venetian Hotel in Las Vegas (did that sound classy??? eh i tried). Lol.Bottom line: go for it!
1	At ces trade show and looking for lunch. I show up at 2:03 and the host jokingly says we are closed. We laughed. But he meant it. Last year my burger ordered medium came out almost raw. I am never going back
5	The best steak I ever had in Vegas!! I have been here three times and they have never disappointed. Every steak I have had has been perfectly cooked and seasoned. Caesar salad was perfect and the sides were tasty as well. Service is always friendly and ambiance is nice. With many choices, Emeril never seems to disappoint  and I'm truly a fan.
3	Under delivered on the steak.  Had the bone in New York charred medium rare and it was over - cooked, a bit dry and chewy on the edges.  The other 3 patrons at my table enjoyed their steaks.  The creamed corn was very good.  Service was top notch.
5	Apparently finding a high-end restaurant on the Strip that serves lunch is more difficult than I thought. With many spots only open for dinner service I opted to dine at one of the few with a lunch menu -- Delmonico.  We started with the wild arugula salad -- shaved apple, candied walnuts tossed in champagne vinaigrette with a trio of artisan cheeses. It was a large portion that they split for us.My wife had a steak panini served medium rare on ciabatta. The accompanying horseradish was overpowering, but the beef was still excellent. The sandwich came with some amazingly crispy and light truffle fries.The lobster sliders I ordered was a small order of two. The Maine lobster was lightly dressed with a citrus aioli and celery leaves, helping make this some of the tastiest lobster you'll find in any sandwich in town. The Old Bay fries that they came with were tasty, but not nearly as good as the truffle fries. My only complaint about this dish is the size. Something this delicious shouldn't be constrained to two sliders per order.4.5 Stars
5	Wow!!!! Delmonico is absolutely my favorite restaurant, period. I've been visiting them since 2002 and try and get there whenever I'm in Vegas.The service is second to none. I don't know what the wait staff to guest ratio is, but it has to be 2-1. I also absolutely LOVE how they put every person's plate down at the exact same time, period. You're a party of ten? Then ten of Delmonico's finest serve you all at once. And man do they now their business. I've never had a recommendation be anything but excellent!The food.... Did I say wow???? My personal favorite is the bone-in rib eye, but all of the meat is fantastic. I order mine rare, so it is easy to get a tough steak, but not here!!! It is just lie butter.... Yum.... The BBQ shrimp are amazing, and homemade truffle potato chips??? Wow.... I could go on and on.... Creme Brule is amazing, as is the bread pudding.I simply can't say enough about Delmonico's. It is simply worth every penny!!!!
5	HOLY hell. This place was yummyAwesome thing, no split plate charges. My gfs and I were not yearning to eat a 22 oz steak, so it was nice to be able to split the entrees. We ordered the bone-in rib eye. YOU MUST ORDER that, especially if you're a steak eater. Medium rare, and that's how steak should always be. We also tried the Grilled Filet Mignon Medallions, which we overdone, Medium Rare my a$$, it was more like medium well-well done. but it did have a good taste. I don't believe in returning food.The creamed corn was the shiznit. It was soooooo good. And the asparagus was good too, tender and perfectly buttered. Of course I can't skip dessert, had the creme brulee, which as ok. A bit too much sugar on top, but overall not bad. We had a bday and was given banana sorbet - gross. :P But the brioche bread pudding w/ bourbon and ice cream. was to die for. SOOOOO delish. :DI will return for the truffle potato chips. :D and rib eye!
4	Our group of 14 was staying at the Venetian and Delmonicos was our pick for a nice fancy dinner. Since we had a night full of drinking ahead of us, we definitely didn't want to over-stuff our stomachs so each couple agreed to share a steak along with lots of appetizers and sides. To start off, some of us had the salmon and tuna tartare, wedged salad, baked oysters, french escargot, shrimp cocktail, and lobster bisque. They were all quite tasty! The BF and I shared a Bone-in Ribeye. Asked for medium rare but it came out medium well. I was disappointed since I really hate eating well done meat. Luckily the flavoring itself was pretty delicious or I'd definitely have to have it recooked. I also had an addition of seared Foie Gras as well - which was the absolute BEST part of my meal. The flavoring and texture was perfect and after my last bite, I found myself wanting more still!Along with our main entree, we had an order of almost every side they had listed on their dinner menu: buttered asparagus, buttered broccoli, creamed spinach, sauteed garlic mushrooms, mash potatoes, creamed corn gratinee, and potato gratin. All the sides are meant to be shared family style and a scoop of each was more than plentiful to compliment your main course. I loved the creamed corn the most. As full I already was, I saw expresso creme brulee on their dessert menu so of course I couldn't pass up on that. Glad I didn't either bc it was fantastic!Service was excellent and our three waiters were extremely attentive and helpful throughout our entire meal. Overall, we had a pleasant dining experience. 3.5 stars because my steak came out medium well instead of medium rare, but because the service was superb, 4 stars it is! Next time, get my steak right please =)
5	Best steak in town!
3	Had a steak and mushrooms, both were very good. Escargot was OK, but I have had much better. I would go here again.
3	Love their cream corn & BBQ shrimp! Service was top-notch, friendly and attentive. You can split the bone-in rib eye if you plan on ordering appetizers, sides & dessert, plenty of food for two! The only thing was, it was a little hard to locate inside The Venetian.
5	Amazing...best steak ever.  Had the bone in ribeye and was outstanding.  Service was excellent, food was pricey but worth it.
4	I was over here for dinner the other night.  It took a while to get seated on a busy Saturday night, so we hung out at the lounge for a bit.  Once we were seated though, the service was pretty good, as well as the setting.  It was too loud as far as ambiance goes, but it wasn't too invasive.  We grabbed the Stuffed Pork Trotter, which by itself could be an entree as opposed to the appetizer.  After we were "stuffed" with the pork trotter, we proceeded on to the main course.  I grabbed the boneless rib-eye, which was very intimidating.  I also shared some sides of spinach and mashed potatoes.  All of the main entree items were excellent, though I was too full to finish the rib-eye.This place is probably one of the better steakhouses I've been to in a long while, despite the prices, which I was fine with paying.  Bring an empty stomach, but a full wallet.
4	Had dinner here about a year ago. Great service, good ambience. I ordered the Colorado Rack of Lamb, it was delicious. Also a bonus; sizable, clean restrooms.
3	Service - Exceptional 5 stars  Classic high end steak house service, Head waiter assisted by 2 servers for your table.  Fast drinks, table clean-up, staff comes back often to make sure you are OK.Soups and Apps  5 stars - Our party enjoyed the steak tar-tare and our lobster bisques.  Very good Quality.Steaks - OK 3 Stars.  The only reason I rated three starts for the review.  If you are a patron of New York steakhouses such as Peter Lugers or S and W,  or excellent national steakhouses such as Shula's, like myself, you may not enjoy the steak cuts.  My New York Strip was fairly tough, and required some heavy cutting considering the $50 price.  If you can't cut a $50med. rare steak with a serrated butter knife, I don't want to eat it.  It probably has some good marbling as it was juicy and moist, but it had some tough fibers that were definitely not meat or bands of marbling.  This may be expected in a ribeye where tendonous material often lines the outer rim of the steak.Overall, a great dining experience with great service, but 3 stars because of meat cuts.
5	Dined their this past Friday, great experience. Service was terrific, food was Superb.  Started with the signature barbecue shrimp which were tasty.   Good wedge salad. Streaks were outstanding.  My wife's came out a little rare and they immediately corrected. On the must eat list for Vegas.
4	Very good steak house.  Good service and food was well prepared.Good location if you are going to a Venetian show.The only reason it did not get 5 stars is the price.  I have eaten at other steak houses in Vegas with equivilant or better steaks for less price.Will go back if I am staying at the Venetian for sure.  Especially if someone else is paying.
2	Had the occasion to eat here recently and although it was gook, it honestly didn't meet my expectations.  Of course everyone is going to have different expectations. Maybe because it's Emeril's but I was expecting just something much better.  We had a party of 6 and they seated us at this huge round table.  You had to talk very loudly in order for the other side of the table to hear you, which just contributes to the already loud atmosphere.  The food was on par for a steak house of this caliber though a little on the high side, which is premium you pay for the Lagasse name.  I can't review anything that already hasn't been said.  I had the rib eye which was good, sides I can't even remember.  Bread as others have mentioned was not memorable.  I'll have to disagree with others about the banana cream pie..  just didn't seem to have the flavor I was expecting.. just a lot of not sweet enough whipped cream.Service was great though.Will probably not go back.
5	For an upscale steakhouse its great, I've had Ruth's Chris, Morton's, etc and its hard to say which is best. The steak, Bone-in Ribeye, was beautifully cooked, seasoned well, and tasted magnificent. But that isn't why this spot is so memorable! The unique flavors of the rest of the meal is the reason why I would go back. For appetizer I had the BBQ shrimp which was deep, smoky, rich, had a little kick, and was out of this world, definitely something you finish and contemplate ordering another. Lobster bisque was phenomenal, nice big chunks of meat, smooth explosive flavor. The sides were on point too but nothing extraordinary. They also had this crisp local beer form Louisiana called Abita Amber which was awesome. Overall I left only complaining about how stuffed I was.
5	I wanted my 300 review to be special and this restaurant sure is special.I have been  fortunate to dine at Delmonico's Steakhouse over a half of dozen times. I have never been disappointed. Last weekend for the second time in my life was lucky enough to have the Chef's Table that over looks the kitchen. As with the last time I ate in the Chef's Table it rates as the top 5 meals I have ever had in my life.You don't order at the chef's table you enjoy each course that chef personally prepares for you.  Each course is better then  the previous.Some of my favorite dishes in the dining room are:Steak Tartare-very tasty served with toasted baguette.Emeril's New Orleans Barbecue Shrimp, an original menu item, that is so delicious.My favorite steak is the Bone in Rib Eye, a great piece meat that is aged in house.The service at Delmonico is second to none, what  they are noted for is that everybody at the table get there plate at the same time, a real nice touch.Great side dishes,creamed corn and twice cooked potatoes are my favorite.Service is always top notch.A can't missI will be back soon.
5	That pork chop is the best I ever had, and we discoverd a fantastic bottle of Peju in the wine list.
5	Fabulous! This place will not disappoint. I had the special which was wild caught salmon. I have never tasted salmon so delicious.My husband had the steak and he said it was the best $50 he ever spent on food. We hope to visit again next year.
5	The bone in ribeye was freakin delicious!  I am glad had a good experience at my first Emeril restaurant.  Hopefully my next one will be Commanders Palace in 2 years.  woot woot.
4	Came here for a celebration, the only reason I chose this place was because I am a HUGE fan of banana cream pie, and all the reviews on here were raving about it. So I figured why not?! Right away, you realize that this place is trying to be something special. I say trying because it doesn't quite get it right. You do have 2 servers, and they pay attention to every little detail, which is great. I mean I was only thinking that i needed another iced tea, and before I could signal for one, the server had one ready for me. Great!!!However, I got the feeling everyone was trying a little to hard, I could tell only because everyone was so nervous and stumbling either over their words or the presentation of the food. Food wise, the food was GREAT! The steak was literally falling apart, I didn't even have to use any force at all to cut my filet. It was like thick beef jerky, if you can imagine that!!!Highly Recommended!!!!
5	One of the best steakhouses I have been to.  The petite filet medallions were perfectly cooked with a parmesan crust.  Never was a big fan of this, but it was really well done.  Tender, well seasoned, and cooked exactly right... a perfect combination.  Besides the steak being in the top 3 or 4 all time favorites (Marriott HI Kona and Waikiki tied for #1, chefs are brothers) the sides of scalloped potatoes and mushrooms are fantastic.   The service was exemplary.  Vegas is back!
5	Everything was perfect as always. Great wine, great meat. Great sides, great desert.
4	Had a very nice birthday dinner here and really, really enjoyed it. The atmosphere is simple and classic, it occurred to me that they were striving to feature the food with such simple ambiance, and they succeeded. The service was fantastic, we had a team of servers for our party of 6 and we did not wait for a single thing throughout dinner. They did manage to find that balance between being attentive and hovering, it was perfect. Hubby and I had the table side prepared Cesar salad and it was excellent. For dinner I had the rare filet and I really enjoyed it, and the table shared the grits (my personal favorite of the entire dinner), spinach and mushrooms. For desert we had the peppermint profiteroles, which were so so (I'm not a big peppermint fan though). I really enjoyed dinner and highly recommend it for a nice dinner in Vegas.
2	We were disappointed. Went there for anniversary dinner... There was no Bam, no kicking it up a notch, just kind of taste-free. Although we had three people assigned to the table the service was slow. After dropping the menus it took a while to take our drink order, and then a while longer to get them. but then we got the food before we finished the cocktail. OK. The main complaint is that the food just wasn't that good. Foie gras to start was OK, the wife had the filet and I had buffalo ribeye.  I knew buffalo is iffy, whether you get meat or gristle, but the waiter assured me it was not gamey. Well, this one didn't change my mind--the center was good but I had to do a lot of chewing to get to it. The filet was chewy and really had no taste to it. Creamed spinach had a definite cream taste, but where was the BAM? Same thing with twice baked potatoes--too liquid. To finish we had the espresso creme brulee, which was good, but too cold; with chocolate madelines that were not warm, and again, tasteless.  Just not worth the price we paid at all. I mean I've had better steak at Outback. Sorry Emeril.
4	I really liked Delmonico.  It's a bit pricey, but not unusual given the quality and location in the Venetian.  I especially loved the lobster bisque - definitely try it.  The Ahi Tuna Tartar was pretty good, but not a must get.  My friend and I shared the Chateaubriand filet, which was perfectly done and delicious.  Highly recommended!  And, as icing on the cake, they have an incredible scotch list.  They are able to accommodate large groups, which is nice - but even with a reservation, our wait was an hour, which is unacceptable - minus one star.I've grown to like Vegas more and more as I've learned that they have something for everyone - great food, shows, clubs, gambling, outdoor activities, pools, shopping, etc.  Delmonico is a great addition to the already outstanding food selection in Vegas.
5	Yes Yes Yes! I'm probably repeating all the great things people said already but it is true. My husband and I were there this past weekend and we were satisfied 100%! And after reading the reviews I'm not sure why people minus the 5th star because of the price. In my opinion if you are looking for an amazing fine dining experience you must be wiling to spend the money. We were here for about three hours and we enjoyed every bit of it. We let our waiter know in advance that we were in no rush and he made sure to plan the timing of our appetizers and main just right. We were watching the blue man group after dinner and wanted to drink a few drinks before we left.Every time we went to the bathroom they folded our napkins, refilled our drinks before we even had time to ask, and our waiter was extremely knowledgeable about the menu --- that alone just shows the attention to detail. In addition to the lobster bisque, french escargot, cream corn gratinne, creole gulf shirmp cocktail...:) I had the hot Alaskan King Crab Legs and my husband had the Bone in RibEye. He said "it is the best steak he has ever had" ( please take in consideration that we had travel all over the world).  The noise was moderate, besides I'm in Vegas and I wanted to dine in a lively and happy place not a quiet boring place.  Even though the dining room was open it is still cozy and romantic and easy to have a private conversation.  It has become one of our favorite places to go and we will definitely come back again!
5	i've been to vegas maybe 30 times. dined in some excellent restaurants, some douchey fake places and some decent pubgrub places. delmonico is by far the best place at which i've dined in vegas.steaks are the specialty here, and they kill. sides and appetizers are made from superior ingredients and perfectly prepared and seasoned. good corkage policy for such a top drawer place. and the service has been excellent each of the five times i've been here.the atmosphere just hits that sweet spot of class and friendliness, as if they took the best of new orleans and the best of manhattan, to spawn a super-race of service personnel just for this place.i just can't find anything negative to say about this place other than one needs to make reservations well in advance for a weekend booking. great problem to have.
5	I don't think I could have found a more perfect place to celebrate my birthday! After an amazing experience in December, I was so pleased to hear we would be going back for my birthday! I decided that this time around I would try out something besides steak. I knew they had steak down pat, but if this were truly an Emeril place, I knew I had to check out the other menu selections. So this time around we enjoyed the artisanal cheeses to start and I had the shrimp with fettuccini with olive oil. My husband enjoyed a trio of filet mignon medallions. The pasta was perfectly cooked, not overly dressed in sauce with the shrimp cooked to exactly the right temperature.  My husband's filets were also perfectly done and the sauces that adorned the medalions were amazing. Truly amazing. We shared the potatoes au gratin and of course, these were just as heavenly as I remembered from our first visit. For dessert, we shared the chocolate root beer float. The root beer was Abita, made in Louisiana. It was mild in flavor yet refreshingly delicious. I could swear that the chocolate ice cream was house made though I don't know that for a fact. It was sooooo refreshing and just the right way to top off our meal.I love Delmonico. It is by far my favorite restaurant in Vegas. I can't wait to go back. One day I hope to meet Emeril and hug him for making such wonderful food.
5	On my usual quest for the best Ribeye in America I wandered into Delmonicos Steakhouse in the Venetian. This place was magnificent! It did have  bland all white decor in the main dining that reminded me of 2001 a Space Odyssey 's Discovery One with  really dim lights. Good thing the steaks were from another universe also! It had to have been the largest ribeye I have ever ordered for one person, and It came with a slab of butter!  Really it needs more butter? It was well marbled, thick with a little char (key !),  and it had a wonderful juicy flavor. It  was extremely good as I was so full about 3/4 of the way through, but as in "man vs food" i trudged on ! I have to say it was a fantastic to eat, but i did feel like a hundred pounds heavier throughout the evening! Try the steak.... try the bone in Ribeye steak.... did I mention you should try the steak?  then next time maybe have something else..... if you dare!
1	A very disappointing experience overall. We went there for New Years Eve 2011/12 and were very disappointed to find that there were no decorations at all, and nothing had been done to bring out any kind of party atmosphere. The food was OK, but what really let the restaurant down was the service. Our waiter did not know the cocktail list. We had to spell the names of the cocktails we wanted for him to be able to order them for us. Same went for the wine, and once we got the wine, he didn't poor it for us a single time throughout the night, not even to taste when he first opened the bottle.Clearing the table was slow, and no one came to offer dessert, coffee or anything else after we had finished our main course. Getting the bill also took some time, and not a single person acknowledged us when we got up to leave, not a "thank you" or even a "good bye". We felt like we were being ignored, or forgotten, as we could see the people at the table next to us being looked after a lot better than we were. There was no reason for them to treat us this way. I work in service myself and I always make a point to be nice, pleasant and polite when at a restaurant, and if an honest mistake is made, I am normally very forgiving, but this was too much. We expected much better and I would not recommend this restaurant at all.
5	Service and food were worth the $200 bill for 2.  My husband and I chose the Delmonico for our Wedding night dinner last month.  We had a champagne toast, the chef sent out complimentary bisque as a wedding gift and sorbet after the meal. My husband ordered the Filet Mignon and I ordered the pecan encrusted chicken breast.  We splurged (I rarely order dessert) and shared a piece of chocolate cake.  Everyone was pleasant but with an air of regal you would expect in an upscale restaurant.The only complaint was the table next to us having a serious religious conversation during what should have been a pleasureable friday evening.  We made the best of it though and had a few jokes to keep ourselves entertained...
5	Steakhouses are a dime a dozen in Las Vegas- every resort has one, and with a few exceptions, they're generally pretty good. My experience at Delmonico was one of those exceptions.  Three of us celebrating St Patrick's Day, March Madness, and 40th birthdays all rolled into one weekend, decided to enjoy a dinner at Delmonico's.  From the moment we checked in, fantastic service.  Our server, Michael, was gracious, professional, funny, and more than willing to tolerate and participate in our banter, but never in an obtrusive way.  The food was outstanding- the ribeye was perfectly cooked, and the creamed corn gratin was downright amazing. Great wine selection, excellent service (have I mentioned the service), and a great pecan pie with some glasses of port.  This was a great dinner, and an experience I will appreciate for a long time, and worth every penny of the $200 per head that we paid.
5	I've been here about five times now and it never disappoints.  This is the first time I've strayed away from Ribeye..I went with the bone-in filet. And it was one of the best steaks I've ever consumed.  I seriously considered picking up the bone and gnawing on it to get more meat.  My must haves on the side are the lobster bisque and the creamed corn.  Can't wait to go back again.
3	Went a few years back and being a huge fan of Emeril's and loving all his other restaurants I've visited I must say I was quite disappointed w/ the experience. The food was good but it was not fantastic and neither was the ambiance like at his other spots. I went with a large group and some were very pissed while I and the others just enjoyed it. I love the Fish House at MGM and will continue to visit that one but I don't think I'll come back here.
5	For me the bar has been raised! I thought the Conch Republic in Key West was my best meal ever. It has been topped. The best Ribeye I have ever eaten. Everything about this place was top shelf. I had the escargot, Ribeye, loaded baked potato, and finished it off with the best pecan pie ever.
5	World class service.  Tasteful decor.  2400 selection wine list.  And the very best bananna cream pie ever made.While our Bordeaux decanted, the artisinal cheese plate was a perfect appetizer, as was the grilled shrimp with black truffle special.  Lobster bisque was grand.  The gumbo 100% authentic.  Her crab stuffed lobster tail was heavenly.  My bone-in ribeye was simply perfect.. We loved the creamed corn gratin.And then it was time for dessert.This dinner was my 4th time at an Emeril Lagasse property since my first visit to his flagship restaurant in New Orleans almost 20 years ago.  For all that time I've been telling her about Emeril's bananna cream pie, while I made it for her from one of his cookbooks.But now she's had the real thing and agrees it really is the best she's ever tasted. Her comment to our kids said it all: "at least Dad tried."With a very special wine, $800 for two.  We will return.
5	We walked all over the palazzo and Venetian looking at our options for a nice steakhouse. Overall, for the menu and value we went to this restaurant. By far, one of the best steakhouses we have been to in Vegas. The servers were on point, and the food was out of this world. If anything please save room and have the oatmeal crusted pecan pie with praline ice cream. It may sound a little weird, but it was the best dessert I have ever had. And I eat a lot of dessert! It wasn't overly sweet, you get an individual pie of delicious goodness! Take a break from those table games and make your way here, it will not disappoint!!
5	Another one of Emeril's top notch restaurants, this one being a steak connoisseur's paradise.  We booked the night before and got in before the traditional 7-7:30 dinner rush.  Service- top notch.  Mind you, everything is a la carte.I cant help but feel underdressed even though we were dressed well for the venue.  They have an insane wine list that goes on and on.  I had the bone-in ribeye which was done to perfection - medium rare.  We also had the creamed spinach and wild mushrooms.  So good we finished everything leaving little to no room for dessert.  Definitely should try the dessert since they all looked exceptional, especially Emeril's claim to fame Banana Cream Pie!
5	First time here and I will be back!I made reservations a week before on their website and asked for a nice table.My party of 4 arrived early, but no problem- they had our table ready for us!We ordered a bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon ($65) and had the following:I ordered two appetizers for my entree:1. Vine-Ripened Heirloom Tomato Salad with Burrata Cheese, Red Onion, ExtraVirgin Olive Oil, Balsamic Vinegar and Torn Local Basil.- I was a little sad that the Burrata cheese was so small compared to the heirloom tomatoes, but it was delicious!2. Butternut Squash Ravioli with Sage Brown Butter, Toasted Hazelnuts and Parmesan- OMG!  SO GOOD!  The squash was divine.  I would definitely order this again.3. Grilled Marinated Organic Chicken Breast - Roasted Fingerling Potatoes, WholeGarlic, Wild Mushrooms and Natural Reduction- The person that ate this said that the chicken was cooked perfectly and had really good flavor.4. Filet Mignon w/ a twice baked potato (with Bacon and Vermont Cheddar) and a Caesar Salad.- He said that the steak melted in his mouth!5. Surf & Turf- bone in ribeye and crab & buttered Fresh Asparagus, I believe. (I don't see it on the menu, so it must be a special)- My husband cleaned his plate.We also ordered two desserts:1. Delmonico Chocolate Layer Cake - Chocolate Pudding, Coconut Ice Cream andToasted Almonds- Looked delicious.  They said it was good and the coconut ice cream was amazing!2. Pecan Pie with Oatmeal Shortbread Crust French, Vanilla Ice Cream & Caramel Sauce- Pie was in the shape of a circle, so the center was ooey and gooey and yummy!!  Very good!Price was about $300+ for the table (not including tip).The service was OUTSTANDING!  We actually had 3 people waiting on us and never had to ask for anything.  They were on-point with re-filling the water at the table!  It was SO nice to never have to look around for someone to help us.  The timing of everything was beautiful.We even got an amuse-bouche bruschetta when we were deciding what to have for dinner.  What a nice surprise!!
5	Perfectly prepared red meat drowned in yummy sauce washed down with amazing wine.  Poppy couldn't ask for more.
5	I went here with a few friends of mine and was BLOWN away. And to think, I almost didn't even go. I was feeling cheap and didn't want to spend a grip on dinner, but boy am I glad that I went and had the wonderful opportunity to eat at this fabulous restaurant with some dear friends of mine. First off, the ambiance is very simple, understated, and clean. Nothing overly done. In fact, I heard it was on purpose so that you can focus on the food and the people rather than the art and ambiance of the place.Secondly, service is top-notch. If you're paying the big bucks, it's no wonder. They totally spoil you here and answer all your silly questions!Thirdly, ANYTHING you order off the menu will be delicious! We each ordered different items and tried each others plates and were blown away. You can't go wrong with anything you order!Everything was perfectly made and cooked very well and tender. So juicy! So flavorful and so plentiful!You definitely get what you pay for at this restaurant. I would totally go back either with a significant other or a nice group of close friends. It was such a lovely experience!
5	Delmonico Steakhouse is the BEST steakhouse I have ever been to. HANDS DOWN. NOTHING else compares. I have been going to this steakhouse for the past 8 years. Pretty much every time I visit Vegas; we find a way to to have dinner there. I have tried the pork chops for dinner. But my "go to" entree is ALWAYS the RIB EYE. It is done to PERFECTION. Always EXPERTLY cooked and seasoned. TENDER and almost MELTS IN YOUR MOUTH. The sign of an EXCELLENT STEAKHOUSE - is that your steak is ALWAYS cooked to order and does not need much in the area of extra sauces. Your steak comes with an assortment of Emeril's sauces. I have never needed them and prefer to eat the steak "as is". Service is IMPECCABLE. Your drinks are brought quickly. Your water glass is never empty. Entrees and side dishes are delectable beyond your dreams. Also, the most AMAZING Banana Cream Pie I have ever had the pleasure of eating in my Life. TRUST ME. Spending money at Delmonico Steakhouse is WELL SPENT and I doubt you will be disappointed. It is a true dining EXPERIENCE.
4	Wonderful experience, food was fantastic and our Waiter, Lamont was top notch.
2	over priced and barely average food. wouldnt return
5	Make sure to book a reservation!! Even with our 8:30 rez, we didn't get seated until 9:10. They were very accommodating though so I can't complain! The bone in rib eye and buffalo was TO DIE FOR. I was looking forward to the lamb based on the pictures that I saw, but it wasn't on the menu when I went there over the weekend. Bread + butter... Best.Ever.I cannot wait to go back and eat there again!!!!
4	Delmonico is another place that I've eaten at a number of times (over a span of close to 10 years), and it is always consistently fantastic.  The food, especially the steak, is always wonderful; however, the menu does not change often.  Thankfully, with items like the gumbo on the list, the stale menu isn't as big a problem as it could be at other fine dining establishments.  As you would expect, the steaks are incredible, and Delmonico is home to my favorite filet in Vegas.  The dessert leave a bit to be desired, but I am generally way to full to be bothered with dessert anyways.The service here can be hit and miss, and it seems to depend on where in the restaurant you are seated - up front by the entrance and you're being hounded by a swarm of waiters, runners, and sommeliers, while if you're seated toward the back of the restaurent, you tend to be a bit underserved.  The atmosphere is definitely a bit stuffy, but that doesn't stop the occasional jackass in a football jersey or cowboy hat from sitting down at the table next to you.  Overall a great restaurant, however I would recommend Table 10 in the Palazzo.  Table 10, another Emeril establishment, is far less stuffy and has a very similar menu and food quality, at about two-thirds the cost of Delmonico.
2	Wow, what a huge disappointment, considering how expensive the entrees are!My girlfriends and I were totally famished when we got into Vegas, thank goodness we had made reservations beforehand. We didn't wait long and had a drink in the lounge as we waited to be seated.After browsing the menu, my friend and I decided to split the bone-in ribeye, medium well. Our server says it's their house specialty. The steak was completely blackened from the char and the inside was perfectly done. As I cut into it with my knife, I can tell it's going to be chewy....and indeed it was. It had almost no flavor for a dry aged meat. My friend had to ask for steak sauce and sour cream to make it more flavorful.BUT, the sides we ordered (potato gratin and creamed corn) were awesome! AND my friend's filet mignon was the most tender I've ever had (she gave me some of hers)The service was impeccable and friendly...but the food (at least what I ate) was not worth $52 for a steak.
5	I've never had a meal experience like what I had at Delmonico's. Me and a buddy were in Vegas for the first time and decided we wanted to go out for a good steak dinner. I asked for recommendations from people and settled on Delmonico's. I made reservations the Monday before the Thursday we went to dinner. I checked out the menu ahead of time and was not surprised to see the pretty high prices., I was confident though that we were gonna get what we paid for. We arrived about 45 minutes before the reservation time and had a couple beers in the lounge. $6 for a Bud Light was pretty reasonable for this atmosphere. We were seated promptly at 7 and that's where things got impressive. The dining area is secluded, you have no idea you are in a casino, which is great. We were greeted by one of our 3 waiters and offered the wine menu. Neither of us drink wine, but I could tell the selection was awesome. We ordered the truffle and Parmesan potato chips and bowls of the gumbo. Both were excellent, Emeril knows gumbo. I ordered the bone-in ribeye and my buddy got the filet. We also got the potato gratin and a twice baked potato. The sides are ala carte and family style. They were some of the best potatoes we had ever had. As for the steaks, they were both the greatest steaks we had ever had! No sauce is necessary for these babies. After dinner I had the banana cream pie, which was exceptional. My buddy had the cheesecake and said it was awesome. Overall I can not speak highly enough of the dining experie nce at Delmonico's. The professional staff, excellent atmosphere, and amazing food make Delmonico's a place I will go to again.
5	This place is amazing!! This is our second time to visit Delmonico and we were equally as delighted as our first time. We really did it up...For apps, we got the BBQ shrimp (awesome) and the oysters. Both are highly recommended.My husband got the lobster bisque and I got the heirloom tomato salad.. the tomato salad was $18. Was that ridiculous? Yes. Was it worth it? Also yes. I got the filet medium done, and my husband got the bone-in rib eye medium rare. My steak was perfection.. my husbands was too medium.. The staff were quick to correct the error and apologetically brought him a new steak. Talk about wonderful service! We shared grits (so yummy and I am NOT a grits girl), and the asparagus. For dessert we sampled the banana cream pie.. like everything else we had, it was really special :)Overall, this is a wonderful place to splurge! The service is accommodating and helpful.. the food is well worth the money, and the ambiance is great :)
4	Bread pudding and bone in rib eye and wine makes it 5 stars but the sides are so so ... Good not exceptional more to come...Finished dinner- still reminiscing about the bread pudding....its creamy, not to sweet, enough raisins, and ice on top- w/ pecan candied crunch- perfection.  the bone in rib eye is good- not the best I have ever had.  The reason being the ration of fat to meat was a little high- i do like marbled fat in the steak but when 1/3 of the steak is fat...i couldn't eat it w/o thinking of clogging my arteries.  Wine was exception- the Italy-"Vertigo" was yummy.  The best experience for me was spending it w/ my girl-riends esp for her 30th B-day! the service makes you feel grown up and independent!.  Enjoy!
5	The first time I went to this restaurant was in 2002, and I remember it like it was yesterday. It is in the top three meals of my life. After almost 10 years I can still remember the flavors of the table-made Caesar salad, the Angel Hair Pasta with Smoky Mushrooms & Tasso, and the perfect Filet Mignon. Joe and I were dating at the time, now married, and we still talk about that dinner, and went to re-live it a couple years ago to be amazed again.
4	This place won't blow up the sky with "it's the best ever" fireworks but it is more than just a sparkler during the fourth of July.  The must order dish...Lobster Bisque....probably the best I have ever had.  Consider this the m80 of the meal exploding with flavor and a generous mound of Lobster.The crab was good but nothing to oooh and aaaah over.  The steak was good too but I wasn't jumping up and down with excitement.  As for the side dishes...the gratin potatoes and the mushrooms were by far the best.  Our table tried almost all of them and those two would be the ones I would dive into.The other guests felt everything was a little over seasoned.  I didn't get that but I am also borderline billy goat with my love of the salt.What gives this place 4 stars is the service.  The staff was awesome.Light the fuse of your tastebuds at this tasty steakhouse if you are craving an old school steak dinner with amazing service.
5	too many places to eat in vegas! but, im not the type of girl who can ever turn down steak, so off to delmonico's it waswhat i ate:- heirloom tomato and burrata salad: caprese salad, all grown up! the heirloom tomatoes were delicious, juicy, and flavorful. the burrata cheese, gooey, creamy, the perfect delicate match to the tomatoes. the syrupy sharp balsamic vinegar reduction made everything go POP with flavor. my only gripe was that i wish there was more basil to bring in the fresh flavor. regardless, this was pretty damn good- [special of the day] beef medallions with mushrooms and parm: the beef had a nice bite to it, the mushrooms and sauce were to die for, but i wondered if i should have just opted for a nice steak- baked potato w/everything on it [side]: cheesy perfection- haricots verts [side]: perfectly cooked string beans with garlic and almonds- mushrooms [side]: a nice mix of mushrooms, this would make any mushroom lover happy- banana cream pie: i love banana cream pie, but lets be honest, all banana cream pies pretty much taste the same, right? wrong! this banana cream pie was perfectly layered. oh man, i could have eaten this entire thing all by myself, but sharing is caring!- coffee: coffee lovers beware! the coffee is so good (french pressed) that im tempted to just come back for a slice of the banana cream pie and coffee next time im in town!pros:- food: food was perfect. everything was delicious- service: friendly, polite, helpful. our server helped me pick out a GREAT wine in the price point i wanted- free bruschetta starter. when i called to make the rez i let them know it was for a birthday- free banana sorbet for the birthday girl- bathrooms were clean and well stocked! my stall even had a lil basket of tampons. how thoughtful! ;)cons:- good food and good service comes with a price... but, to be honest, considering how much we ate, and having a bottle of wine, it was not any more expensive than i thought it would be. our entire meal, plus tax and tip came out about $500, which is very reasonable cause it was for five girls... it also helped that i won a few bills gambling earlier that day :P- reservations: i was able to get a rez for a late dinner, which is what i wanted anyways, but if youre planning on being in vegas, it would be smart to call to make a rez ahead of time if you like eating your dinner at the regular dinner time- loud: im not sure if its due to the dome shaped ceilings, but voices CARRIED. i guess you have to expect that though from a steak house - full of dates and GUYSwould i come again? if i won some extra cash gambling and craving steak, YES!
2	I feel like Twitter is pretty useless so far; I have an ok amount of followers I guess, but I feel like they're all following so many people that anything I say gets lost in the mess of their feed. I could tweet all day and get very little response to anything aside from a couple loyal folks on there. And it was one such reader that led me to Delmonico recently for what he claimed to be an excellent burger. He's a food writer in town so he should know what he's talking about, right?Delmonico is located in the small restaurant row of the Venetian right by another great burger spot, although most people would not come here for their burger. The interior is nothing too fancy in either the bar area or more traditional area in the back. I did notice while sitting at the bar that they have an amazing bourbon selection, but since I was there during a lunch break I'll have to go back some time when I'm not on the clock. The lunch and dinner menus are a bit different, with the lunch menu featuring more sandwiches and things, so maybe the comment I just made about people not coming for a burger is wrong. Either way, this restaurant is pretty fancy and features quite a number of great sounding items aside from what I came there for.The Delmonico Prime Hamburger comes on a toasted brioche roll with fries, cheddar cheese and bacon. The meat had excellent flavor from the first bite, but I noticed right away that it was way overcooked and dry. It started off extremely juicy but that faded way too fast and by the end it was very dry. The cheese was melted and had great flavor, but the bun was a tiny bit dry as well and a little too thick. The heirloom tomatoes were fantastic, but maybe a bit off-putting at first due to their green color. The bacon also had good flavor, but was a tiny bit undercooked and soggy in parts. Overall it was still decent, but could have been well beyond that if the meat had been cooked properly.Luckily the fries were great. Some of them were almost a bit too hard and crunchy, but they were very tasty and a welcome change to the 'typical' fries I often get around town. Something I found to be quite funny was when I asked for ketchup I was brought an insanely large bowl of it, more than probably a table full of people could have used.The online menu lists the burger at $15, so I was a little surprised to see the $18 listed on the menu when I made my order. I think if it was cooked properly I would still be ok with this price given the chef, the location, etc, but because of this price I seriously frown on the fact that they couldn't cook my burger properly. If you're willing to risk this inconsistency and are ok with the cost, I think it's a good burger to check out, and has the potential to be really great, but if you're at the Venetian and are craving a guaranteed good burger for a similar cost I suggest you go next door.
3	Came here twice in a single week so I had to augment and order different items.I started the week off with the bone in new york, it was a tad bit too salty for my taste.  Nothing to really say about it.Midweek I had to go for some seafood, sure it's a steakhouse, but the bbq salmon it was.  Nothing too special, overall I'm not too fond of Delmonico.
4	This was the best steak dinner I have had in Vegas hands down.  The portions are HUGE so you will leave very full.  The caprese salad was really good and the steak was amazing.  I was not so impressed with their dessert menu.  I would definitely come back.  My only complaint was that a meal takes a while at this place so be prepared for a leisurely dinner here.
4	This is a good steakhouse.  They use an Italian spice on their meat.  I'm generally not a fan of strong spices on meats but it was still good.  I had the strip and it was cooked perfectly.  Great service all around.  The sommelier was very polite and knowledgeable.  He recommend the perfect bottle of wine.  Reservations would be recommended.
5	Went there for lunch during the week and it was dead, I was a little worried, but the service was great and the fried chicken was unbelievable!
2	interesting cave like setting.  busy, but way overpriced for what it is.  nothing special or memorable about the steaks or sides. average quality food. average service, nothing special to stand out from any other restaurant. hyped name.  professional host greeting.
5	If you are looking for the best steak you have had, and a fine dining experience, the team at Delmonicos will not let you down.  We had the table side Caesar and the rib-eye and filet, and we were in heaven.  Go here!!!!!
3	We came here on a mission called "20-ounce Bone-In Ribeye". That is all we wanted.So, we ordered the ribeye with mashed potatoes. We shared both over a few glasses of red wine. The steak is served with a glaze of butter worcestershire, bearnaise and chimichutri sauces. It was huge, beautifully cooked, and tasted good. It was missing one thing for me: SALT! My impression was that it had none. My BF said he liked it as it was. Don't get me wrong, it was a really good steak but it left me wanting more from the flavor spectrum. The potatoes were okay.Service is always impeccable at Emeril's restaurants.
3	I've eaten here twice, it was better a few years back. The steak wasn't that great quality in general for the steak. The sides and salads were excellent. I'm kind of upset that they share the name with the fantastic steakhouse Emeril owns in New Orleans.
4	Three words. De-lic-ious. Ribeye. Yes Please. Great wait staff.  Oysters to start, wedge salad. 'nough said. If Emeril Lagasse put's his name on it...well chances are you'll enjoy it.
5	Celebrated 29th wedding anniversary with truffle poatoe chips that melt in your mouth. Had ceasar salad prepared at table side and followed with 22oz  bone in rib eye with foie gras. I had the best ever banana cream pie and my wife had creme brulee.  She preferred the pie (the one bite she got)Three waiters attended us and service was top notch. They suggested they keep our leftovers in their fridge until our show was over. Wonderful way to celebrate.
2	My brother in law's birthday required steak...so naturally Delmonico Steakhouse sounded like a great option. Here's the thing, I love steak, but i'm trying to cut back on being a crazed carnivore. I ordered the half roasted duck (yeah i know it's still meat but it's not red meat...get off my back) and my wife had the halibut. What kind of morons go to a well reviewed steakhouse and don't order steak? Well it's nice to meet you.My duck was ehh... her fish was ehhhHad a taste of the ribeye (seriously, shut up...How could I realistically NOT try it?) and wow...REALLY good.But my rating is only 2 stars you say? Yeah, well my experience was kinda lame...the attentive staff was fine, the prices were completely outrageous even for the strip, and our food was just kinda boring. I didn't think much of it to be honest.You may be saying... "Well moron, you ordered duck and fish at a steakhouse, what did you expect?" I would then reply "Hey, if it's on the menu, it should be held to the same standards as anything else!". So There! :PIf I do want to pay too much for a really good steak, I know where to go...but y'know, I'm a local and that is rare. (get the pun...nudge nudge...get it?)What I will say is that it's a classy establishment and they appear to cook a fine slab-o-meat. But i'd steer (I keep doing it!) clear of any non-cow based items. Sorry for the puns!I'm not really sorry.
2	Not good for lunch.  Atmosphere is too austre and quiet-like trying to dine in church.  they dont even pipe any music in.  the lobster sliders were filled with about a tablespoon of lobster and at least that much mayonnaise.  Fries had been sitting too long and gotten hard.  Good service and good wine list but overall not worth the $70 pricetag for lunch.
5	Best bone and rib eye ever!
4	Almost perfect except when they screwed up my steak order and made it well instead of medium. Staff was very understanding and quickly replaced my steak with the correct order (seriously, my table mates maybe got another one or two bites in before I had a new plate...so quick!) otherwise everything went well. At the end of the meal, my cousin asked for a tour of the kitchen (she's a CIA grad) and they let her check it out.
2	My wife wanted to take me to a special place for my 50th birthday, and she chose Delmonico.  Overall, it was a bit of a disappointment.The food:We started off with the shrimp, which was wonderful, and the bread was warm and soft.  It was a bit salty for my taste, but that's just me.  We then had the spinach salad, which was wonderful!  For entrees, I had the crab stuffed lobster and the wife had the filet.  The lobster was great; the filet was nothing special.  For dessert, we had a sorbet and the cheesecake; both were quite good.The waiters/staff:If I had to use one word, it would be disinterested. The waiter was good, but the other (why were there two?) just seemed to be reading a script and literally had to read his notes on the available dessert flavors.  The wife had informed them it was my 50th birthday, but when the dessert came out it said "Happy Anniversary".  We jokingly noted the error and the waiter said we didn't appear to be old enough to be married for 50 years, but he went with what he was told.  We didn't blame him at all and left a generous tip. This error underscore their lack of attention and appearance of just going through the motions.So, overall, it was OK, but not great.  We've had better steaks, and FAR better service (Ferraro's Italian Restaurant waiter was the BEST) for much less cost.
5	This place has the best Filet I have ever eaten. That means a lot because I never thought anything could outdo my taste buds over Hugo's Cellar (which I still love very much). The service was excellent. We had reservations and were seated promptly.I enjoyed the Asparagus with Prosciutto wrapped around it they brought to the table. We must have had 3 different people checking on us. As I stated I had the Filet and Garlic Smashed Potatoes. The Filet melted in my mouth it was just so darn tender and flavorful.It was almost $55 for my portion and well worth it. I now know why this place wins so many awards for best steaks!
3	A bit torn about this place...I heard through the grape vine that Delmonico Steakhouse was the best steakhouse in Las Vegas. Having heard that, I made reservations for Delmonico 2 whopping months prior to my boyfriend's birthday.The evening finally arrived when we were going to dine at this fabulous establishment. Upon entering the host was a bit busy fiddling with something to greet me immediately. When he did, he told us to have a seat in the lounge and that our table would be ready shortly. After 2 minutes, our hostess showed us to our table and even laid the napkin in our laps. It didn't take long for us to order so I got the filet mignon and a side of potatoes gratin, while my boyfriend had the ribeye and the jumbo crab.Initially the filet mignon was quite delicious, very juicy and delicious. Getting near the end of my filet, however, it started getting dry, and I tasted the herbs and spices grinding against my tongue. The potatoes gratin were good but a little dry, I would have liked it to be a little more moist. I tried a piece of my boyfriend's ribeye and it was nice and tender, and the jumbo crab did not disappoint.Our server(s) were nice, however I felt a bit rushed during the meal. He did one hell of a job taking our pictures tho! Overall, Delmonico's would be a 3.5
5	I have been coming to this place for the last five years and it never disappoints.  One of my Vegas go to dining spots.  Visited last Thursday again.  A few favorites:Arrive early and visit Max the Bartender.  Just recently learned he is a world class mixologist (after ordering wine for years) and will create beverages that will make your head spin.  Has his own bitters collection to add a custom touch.  Tequila Gumption he made me was world class.I always get the Filet Pittsburgh Style and it is exceptional.  Not too loaded down with butter and just the right flavor.  If I am steaked out, The Salmon dish is incredible.  Creamed Corn is to die for with jalapeno seasoning topping (I am hyper critical of creamed corn but thing D's and STK are two of the best).  Biscuits that they serve are out of this world.  Potato chips with truffle oil are a nice indulgence.  Caprese salad is a great starter.  Like the wine list and not over priced like Del Frisco and the Wynn or Bellagio spots.Finish it off with a double espresso and you are ready to venture on into the evening.I prefer to sit in the main room and the seating towards the back is preferred.  Lamont is the best server by far.
4	The food was really good, but I've had better.  The atmosphere was somewhat pretentious and uncomfortable, but nicely done.  $10 to add broccoli with my $62 steak seemed a bit gouging.Service was above reproach.  Knowledgable and sincerely friendly staff.Would I eat at Delmonico's again?  Absolutely.  But my expectations will be lower next time.
4	The bone in rib eye was delicous and the cream of spinach and the grits and bacon sides were flavorful.  This is a huge slab of meat and I had a hard time finishing all 18 ounces of it.  The only reason why I didn't give this place a 5 was because of house expensive it is.  I'm all about quality at an affordable price and I would only go again to this place for like a 10 year anniversary.
5	This place was EXCELLENT!  We were on the hunt for a great steakhouse and we definitely found it here.  The food and drinks were excellent and there were many options to choose from.  One thing I find in many upscale steakhouses is a somewhat limited menu with only a handful of entrees and appetizers to choose from.  Delmoico's has an expansive menu and everything was delicious.  the atmosphere and food made for a great night out... definitely try if you are looking for a nice night out (for steak) in Vegas!
2	Great service, great decor and ambiance, but food was weak.  Wedge salad had undercooked, fatty bacon on top. Roast duck was over-done, not juicy, but skin was rubbery.  Lots of folks do it better than Delmonico, keep looking.
5	By far the best steak I've ever had. We had a large party of over 20 and they were not the best prepared to handle our group. Once we were settled they were very attentive and timely.
5	One of my top 5 Steak house favorites in Las Vegas. The service is always great and the steaks are even better. I recommend getting the Rib Eye bone in if you can handle the incredible flavor of a Juicy aged steak. I like the steak so much I won't stop eating it until it's all gone. Save room for dessert or you'll miss out on something wonderful.
4	Every Vegas trip needs a fancy dinner. Delmonico just happened to be the restaurant this time around. I've never eaten steak in Vegas before (unless you count the $5 steak and egg places which I don't) so now was the time.Alas, I ordered the bbq salmon and I'm glad I did because it was delicious. Perfectly cooked and the potatoes on the side were delectable.I tasted my friend's steak which I had no complaints with. It just wasn't anything special. I'm pretty sure I could have made the same steak for cheaper. However, since California is banning foie gras, we ordered that with the steak and boy was that fattened duck liver good on top of it.Four stars because service was excellent and very friendly and my salmon was fantastic.
4	I had a late-ish dinner around 9 here on Friday the 28th of July after seeing Phantom at the Venetian because the restaurant was close to the theater. I noticed there was a piano in the waiting room but no one was playing it; instead they were blasting the sportscast on the TV which soured the mood. Once seated the atmosphere was largely pleasant but also a bit too loud and some of the staff seemed uncertain and nervous. Our head server in particular was not enjoying himself at all and was visibly annoyed by the group across from our table which was loitering around the restaurant for a long time after finishing their meal. The meal itself was very good, especially my Bone-in-Ribeye which is their signature cut. It's a slightly glazed and massive piece of meat, rubbed with a Cajun sauce that gave it zest and even a bit of spice. It paired beautifully with the Bourbon-Bacon Manhattan I ordered at the bar. My dining companion had the New York strip which was fine but not nearly as memorable as the Bone-in. Like the cuts of the meat, the sides are probably too big and one side is more than enough for 2 people. However both of the sides we had (The Wild Mushrooms and the Spinach) were delicious so it would be difficult to pick one. The appetizers were relatively standard, with the exception of the Parmesan-Truffle Chips but be forewarned that delicious as they are they are very filling and quite greasy.
4	I like this restaurant. One of Emril Legasses' offerings.It does seem a bit pretentious to those uninitiated, but clearly when you are approached by the wait staff, its everything but. They are well informed and can  give you the advice you need when ordering, are courteous and explanatory.The service is awesome and I think the food is very good. The steaks (rib eye, porterhouse, filet) are done to perfection, they are char-grilled with butter, making them an even greater artery hardener than they already are, but they are delicious.  If you like a steak, this is the place to go in Vegas. In my estimation, it is better than Prime at Bellagio and SW at Wynn. The menu is pricey 50-60 bucks for a filet, and then all your sides are extra (6-8 bucks for a baked potato), but its well worth it, if you like a steak. As well, the salads (Caesar is signature) are terrific, as well as the vegetable and fungi selection in terms of potatoes, asparagus, and sides of mushrooms. The desserts are also very good, the bread pudding is one to watch. Excellent.For two people and a nice bottle of wine, one is looking at about $350-$400, or more.Highly recommended before some of the other steakhouses in Vegas. Take a beautiful lady and she'll be suitably impressed if she is a meat eater.
5	Oh dear. Our anniversary dinner here was amazing. We shared the oysters Rockefeller, which had this great buttery panko topping. We then had the steak for 2- huge cut! They came with these puff pastry popovers that also had a great buttery spread on it, accompanied by the seared foie grad add-on. Heaven. Great classic steakhouse.
4	I didn't get a chance to eat here but the mojitos were absolutely divine. they make their own rum in house and could easily be the elixir of the gods. worth the time, every time. highly recommend.
3	We came here for our one year anniversary dinner.   I was a little intimidated to eat at a place like this in Vegas but once we were seated everyone was super nice and didn't make us feel like we shouldn't be there.   The menu has a bunch of different things on it but the star of the show (as told by my waitress) is the beef.   Husband and I knew we were both going to order steak before we even looked at the menu.   I ordered the ribeye with country smashed potatoes and husband got the filet mignon with creamed corn.   The side were served family style and were more than enough for two people.   The creamed corn was fantastic.  It had little bits of jalapeno in it for the extra BAM!  We both ordered the lobster bisque to start.   Bisque was very delicious especially the lumps of lobster meat.   Did you know during the summer the bisque is dairy free?  The steaks were just okay.  Asked for mine medium but it came out well done so I didn't find it that good.  Husband also asked for medium but basically got a rare steak.   Overall though the atmosphere was definitely upscale yet comfortable.  I want to compliment our waitress ...she was very friendly and fun.   Check was $164 dollars for two people.
3	It has been a few years since my 1 and only visit. I recall it being highly overrated. I am from Texas and have been to many steakhouses. First of all, the high-end white tablecloth fancy decor with everyone in suits and ties is not fitting for a steakhouse.The steaks were not memorable and I have had much better for less money.  I do not recall if the steaks are grilled or broiled but I do recall mine was overcooked and for such a high-end fancy place, I would expect better.If you are looking for quality steak in Vegas and willing to spend some cash, I would try many others before this place.
5	I'm a simple dude.  I'm a thrifty dude.  When you combine the two, it's a wonder when I spend $40 on an entire night out.  So it was a significant deal for me to set foot into a place where a plate of food is on par with my average bar tab.  It was a special occasion so I shelved my cheap-skate side for the evening.Thank god I did.My wife and I arrived early and had a drink at the bar.  The bartenders were exactly what I look for in one: chill, conversational, intelligent but not lording their smarts over you, and just nice dudes.  Our drinks were great (though I did have to swat at one fruit fly, but that happens).Dinner was unlike anything I'd ever had before.  Here's why:- Three servers throughout the course of our evening, and all of them were great- I was able to get a black napkin without asking- The table was perfectly sized; I didn't feel like I was going to nail someone with an elbow when they were sitting next to me- My wife ordered a Cesar salad which we split.  The thing was hand-prepared at our table and it was amazing- I ordered duck.  I'd never had duck before and felt this was a perfect opportunity to do so.  I expected a breast or perhaps a thigh--not a half of a duck.  From bite one to cleaning the bones, it was spectacular-Everyone at the table completely cleaned their plates (or had the intention of doing so if we didn't run out of time before our show--not for the sake of service, rather solid conversation).  Not one dissatisfied customerShould I come into a small fortune in the future, I'll certainly come back.  Until then, I'll just have to dream.
4	Steakhouses in Vegas are like Starbucks in the USA... they're everywhere. If you're passing by a nice restaurant in a hotel casino, there's a good chance that it's a steakhouse. Maybe Vegas has figured out that eating an expensive steak will make you feel better despite the fact that you just lost hundreds of dollars...Some friends and I had lunch at Delmonico's this past weekend and we got there right when it opened for lunch. We were their first customers and spent most of our lunch being the only people in the restaurant. Therefore, I guess it's no surprise why we got such great service. We made small talk with our servers and they were very pleasant and attentive throughout our entire meal.One friend who has been here before was raving about their lobster bisque and banana creme pie. I got to try their lobster bisque ($16) and thought it was good but I'm no connoisseur of bisque.  The bisque comes with scrumptious pieces of lobster and it was very rich and creamy. I ordered the Filet of Beef Medallions ($21) and they were super tender. Although they were covered in bread crumbs and a mushroom type sauce, the medallions were quite delicious. The entree isn't very big and I was still hungry afterwards so I suggest getting this alongside an appetizer. I got a bite of the Banana Creme Pie and not only did it look amazing, the taste of it was delightful. Delmonico's is a surprisingly huge restaurant. I hope their dinner draws in a larger crowd that it does for lunch or else much of their space could be put to better use. The lunch menu is rather limited but it's priced right with the most expensive entree being only $21. All in all, pretty good food and extremely good service. You gotta try that Banana Creme Pie!
5	I try not to eat any restaurants inside the hotels.... But this is and exception. This place is amazing. When we walked in the employees were so nice they greeted us and pulled our chairs out for us. The best part was the food. We both got steak and let me tell you that beef was so delicious. Worth every penny. I recommend anyone to at least try it
2	Went to Vegas with the husband to celebrate our 10 year anniversary and take that honeymoon that had been postponed for far too long.  One of the reasons we booked at the Venetian was to dine at Delmonico Steakhouse.We originally made a reservation for lunch on Sunday but moved it to dinner as the husband was worried lunch service didn't offer all the varieties of steak.  Made the mistake of booking for 9 pm on Monday, August 20th.  The hotel was packed with a new rush of guests as was the restaurant.Enjoyed a drink in the bar before being seated and were then led to a small table where we were introduced to Josh, our primary server.  Josh informed us that we would have 3 servers that evening one of which would be a sommelier.  We perused the wine list and then Lamont came over and asked "if anyone had explained the menu" to us - a jarring question in a fine dining establishment.  We decided to start with wine by the glass as we didn't want a full bottle at that point.  I asked Lamont about a blend on the list -- I inquired as to what was in the blend.  He asked me what I meant.  I clarified by saying what types of wines are used to make the blend.  He rattled off one variety and then said "and I think a Cabernet is in there".  Lamont made no offer to explain or recommend any other wines.  We ordered two glasses of Malbec, our appetizer and entrees.  My husband asked Lamont if he could get a side of garlic butter.  Lamont said no - they don't have garlic butter.  Really?!  This is an Emeril Lagasse restaurant!  He asked for a side of plain butter and we sent Lamont on his way.  A food runner, or possibly our third server (he never introduced himself), delivered a complimentary appetizer of tuna atop a crostini which I enjoyed but the husband did not.Josh came back with our wines.  We inquired as to whether Lamont was the sommelier that Josh had mentioned earlier and he affirmed that he was.  We expressed our surprise and disbelief yet Josh did not follow up with any inquiry as to why we asked the question.  At this point I had to talk my husband out of storming out of the restaurant.  Josh did not alert the floor manager of our question or our discontent.  It is unclear if this was because of poor training or due to the staff not being able to handle when the restaurant is full.Our salad with arugula, granny smith apples, prosciutto and champagne vinaigrette arrived and was very tasty.  We started to move past the negativity and then waited and waited for our entrees.  The husband ordered another glass of Malbec and asked for more bread, which never came.  The steaks were quite good but the extra butter was not delivered.  The twice baked potato was yummy and the side of mushrooms was divine.  The espresso creme brulee and pecan pie desserts were very good and we appreciated the complimentary banana gelato with 'Happy Anniversary" written in chocolate on the plate but it still wasn't enough to make up for the fact that our servers' poor performance ruined an experience we looked forward to for months.  I would have given Delmonico Steakhouse one star due to the service but gave it two because of the food.  We expected much more.  I suggest you go somewhere else.FYI - Delmonico Steakhouse is a large restaurant that seats approximately 100 patrons.  The women's restroom has 2 stalls.
3	Good steak in general. Not worth the price your paying.
4	It's basically what you'd expect from Emeril.  Pretty freaking awesome.  Get the foie gras with your meat.  I just wish I didn't just have The Buffet at Wynn before coming here.
5	I did the 2012 Restaurant Week $30.12 lunch special here which was a pretty good deal for a 3-course meal at an Emeril Lagasse restaurant inside the Venetian.  Five stars for participating in Restaurant Week and donating a portion of proceeds to Vegas' Three Square charity, having excellent food, friendly and professional service.Slight demerit for having nice but very plan decor (ceilings/walls pretty much barren), but I care more about food than the eatery/setting anyways.
4	2012 Fall Restaurant Week Lunch #2. Whether you're visiting Delmonico on a regular night, special occasion, or during Restaurant Week as I did, from the amazing lunch I had with extraordinary service and exceptional food, I'd recommend it to anyone. 4.5 stars at least.We seem to be the first party seated for lunch. Our two servers worked well together, being knowledgeable, catering, and attentive from beginning to end. Even as more customers started to come in and they had more to attend to, they still did an amazing job making sure we were taken care of.What we put in our tummies:(pictures posted)1st CourseTraditional New OrleansChicken & Andouille Sausage Gumbo2nd CourseButternut Squash RavioliPrime Cheeseburger w/ Bacon3rd CourseEmeril's Banana Cream PiePecan PieI'm no expert on gumbo, but I found it very tasty. Still steaming in individual serving pots, it was poured over rice table-side. Very nice touch. The burger was an enormous 11oz, well-seasoned, cooked medium as requested, hearty and meaty as burgers should be. Fries were just...fries. It was my first experience with butternut squash ravioli, and I loved it. Sage brown butter, toasted hazelnuts, and parmesan cheese made these raviolis sweet and flavorful.The highlight of the food was unquestionably the desserts. I never order banana cream pie, but I'm a big believer in trying whatever is the signature item, especially when it's written "Emeril's Banana Cream Pie." I'm sure it's not made very traditionally, but OH MY GOSH. Made with sweet bananas, the pie filling felt more like a cheesecake. Topped with chocolate shavings, amazing crust, this dessert will be what I think of from this day forward when anyone says banana cream pie. You think the way I described it, how could the pecan pie even compete?! Well, it did! Served warm and moist, it was decadent and comforting.I was beginning to wonder if the Restaurant Week event and menus were affecting my experiences at these places I've been eagerly wanting to try. I was very excited to participate, awaiting delicious gourmet food at a great price at a fine-dining establishment, helping a worthy cause. Personally, I'm very happy to say Delmonico made me want to become a repeat customer, again and again. It's so hard not to give 5 stars, but I would want to experience dining here on a non-Restaurant Week to confidently say it was as amazing as I remembered this lunch. I'm very much looking forward to coming back. And soon!
5	I've heard criticism from others on Delmonico's. Out of the 10 or so times I've been here, always with at least three others at a time or more, I've never had a bad meal. The steaks are superb (I love their bone in rib steak - too big to eat in one sitting -but I manage it anyway), along with their sides, and finally their banana creme pie is to die for - and I normally NEVER order this - I was converted in a hurry and convinced friends who thought I was nuts to try it - they too are converted followers.  Haven't been there in about six months, need to go back next trip soon.
4	We dined here for Restaurant Week lunch.  For $30.12, I had the heirloom tomato salad, burger and banana creme pie.  My wife had the gumbo, fish and banana creme pie.  The salad was ok, and the burger was good, a perfect medium rare.  The best was the banana creme pie.  This is not some crap you get at Marie Callender's or some other establishments, this is the best banana creme pie I have ever had.  Yes it is that good.  Slight deductions for atmosphere as we were seated in the middle of the restaurant which felt a bit sterile and uncomfortable.
4	Excellent service and good steak.
4	Been wanting to go here for a long time so when a media contact/vendor asked me to lunch here I didn't hesitate!  The ambiance was lovely, low light, tasteful decorations, great big leather chairs.  We had water, bbq shrimp, lobster sliders, steak medallions with side of garlic mashed, chocolate layer cake with coconut ice cream for dessert.  BBQ shrimp was delicious!  Had a homemade bbq sauce that was just tangy, sweet and rich enough.  Large shrimp came with about five I think very yummy.  My entree was the something something steak medallions - (sorry it's not on the lunch menu online and I can't remember exactly what it was called) it was EXTRAORDINARY.  I think after looking through the photos they were the Filet Mignon Medallions - I am a red meat junkie and before this Carnevino was the best steak I ever had - this one ranks right up there.  Perfectly medium rare, flavorful with delicious meaty mushrooms, and as tender as a steak could be.  Just delicious.  Be warned it doesn't come with ANYTHING - just the meat so be sure and order a side dish or two.  I ordered the garlic mashed potatoes which come in this cool metal pan/dish thing.  They are a very large portion so that was good.  The mashed potatoes were soooooooooooooo creamy.  Very very good.  We ordered the chocolate layer cake with coconut ice cream for dessert.  This is why I gave only four stars - the cake a'ight.  Nothing special.  It was enormous though so you'll get the bang for your buck.  My sister is a pastry chef so I might be a little extra picky on my dessert but there you have it.  For what we ordered plus my vendor ordered an additional 3-scoop bowl of coconut ice cream on the side it came to $91.  It's pricey - so be sure to eat the warm bread they give you at the beginning so you can be full, lol.  But the portion sizes were generous, the service was INCREDIBLE and the food delish.
1	WORST STEAKHOUSE I HAVE EVER BEEN TO. So I just stopped by to have lunch by myself. I read the reviews and cannot wait to have a perfectly cooked Filet Mignon. I got the BBQ shrimp and the Filet Mignon ordered specifically MEDIUM RARE. The BBQ shrimps are four tiny shrimps that are by no means jumbo shrimps but suspiciously resembled frozen out of a bag. And then is the Filet Mignon. They overcooked it so much that when I taste it, I almost wanted to cry. It can hardly pass for well done. I was so hungry and I waited 35 minutes for it. But I had to wash it down my throat with water. If this is MEDIUM RARE, then I will be ordering a live cow next time. The manager Michael did come by, confirmed that the steak is overcooked and asked if they can take it back. (I cannot wait for another 30 minutes for a new one. Doesn't a customer's time mean anything to you?) This is nice. But when the chef finished cooking my steak, how can he decide this is OK to serve? He must have cared so little about how his customer would think to decide to serve me this. LET ME TELL YOU. IT IS NO DIFFERENT THAN SPITTING IN MY FACE.Paid 95 dollars for the bill. I am feeling like a complete loser right now. Good thing is at least I came alone. If I have brought my GF, she would think I want a break up. And Michael, next time this happens, just take 20 dollars off the bill. You guys can never be a top notch restaurant.
5	Outstanding.  The bone-in ribeye was cooked perfectly and totally delicious. The bar has the best whiskey selection I've seen.  Service was prompt, and we had an amazing time.  Awesome meal, exactly as it should be.
1	One of the worst dining experiences I have ever had.  The strip steak was sooooo bad, I finally asked to have it taken away and removed from my bill after the kitchen made2 efforts to correct it. My wifes salmon was dry. I also found it very poorly managed - had to walk among rows of extra chairs in the corridor (which needed cleaning and a fresh coat of paint) on my way to the restroom. DON'T BOTHER.
5	On our first night's stay at The Venetian, we walked to Delmonico in less than 5 minutes and were seated on time.  It took approximately 60 seconds for the staff to begin delivering The Bliss.  I am not a steakhouse fan (my husband is), but this restaurant is an Emeril restaurant, and having had wonderful experiences at his other establishments in New Orleans, I thought we would be in for a treat.  The service was extraordinary even though the restaurant was hustling at by 8 p.m., we had the full attention of our waiter as well as the sommelier and other ancillary staff, which made the evening a lot of fun.  We enjoyed an amuse bouche of heirloom tomatoes, basil, burrata cheese and EVOO.  My husband ended up with an enormous piece of meat on his plate (no surprise there) that he stated emphatically was the best steak he'd ever had, accompanied by a terrine-sized dish of the New Orleans Creamed Spinach, easily the best creamed spinach I've ever put in my mouth.  I only wish I had been able to enjoy the leftovers in an omelette the next day for breakfast.I ordered one of the specials, which was a $42 plate of pasta.  Yes, you read right: a $42 plate of pasta.  It was heaven: just the right amount of papparadelle with six very large shrimp, and a generous amount of andouille sausage and artichoke hearts.  I enjoyed a complementary glass of red wine that was a blend of several varietals; complex and nicely balanced, it was a wine that Emeril endorsed and labeled, and it had been bottled by Au Bon Climat Winery in Santa Barbara, CA.  I started with the mixed greens salad, dressed with a sherry vinaigrette and shaved Manchego cheese.  It was perfectly balanced and just the right flavor profile for my mood that night.  We were too full for dessert, but had there been room, my money would have been on Emeril's Banana Cream Pie, served with caramel sauce, chocolate shavings and whipped cream. I didn't take pictures at Delmonico, but we enjoyed our food immensely and I would return in a heartbeat.  The staff is well-trained and extremely attentive, and the food is unpretentious, well-prepared and top-drawer.
2	All I can say is -- get rid of the salt! Wow, food was just okay but the salt level was overboard.
5	With all due respect to other Steak places in Vegas, Delmonico knocks it out of the park! The bone in ribeye (Delmonico), cream corn, cream spinach, potatoes gratin, even the mixed greens salad were fantastic! The banana cream pie and even the quality of coffee were above par. Our waiter Michael and his co-staff were great. We have a now a total of three great experiences at Delmonico. Is it expensive, well isn't everything in Vegas? It is a must every time we're in Vegas.
2	We chose Delmonico as our "fancy" steak meal on our recent trip to Las Vegas.  We arrived early for our reservation and sat in the lobby area.  We thought the restaurant very nondescript and plain.  We were seated right next to the kitchen which my husband had his back to but I could see the comings and goings throughout dinner and it was very distracting.  The wall next to us had some sort of splattering all over it, like steak juice.Appetizers were lobster bisque which my husband enjoyed and a salad for me which was nice, nothing spectacular.  Hubby got a glass of the cheap house wine which turned almost immediately.  We ordered the chateubriand for two which came with mashed potatoes and asparagus.  The seasoning on the steak was nice and it was cooked perfectly but we found the meal overall just average, not bad by any means, just not great.  Service was fine, again, nothing to write home about, just adequate.We were too full for dessert but would have loved to try the banana cream pie.  Bill was $205 with tip.  For $200, I expected a little more and I would not rank Delmonico as one of the best steakhouses in Vegas.  There are definitely better ones.
5	I ate the duck and it was nicely done. The other people I was with had steak and salmon.. They also enjoyed their meals.
2	While on an extended stay at the Palazzo we decided to try Delmonico. I made a reservation through Open Table. We were seated promptly but at a table that was less than desirable where the waiter had to stand behind me while serving us. He was quite pushy and brusque. My wife ordered the half duck as she loves duck. Right after we were served the waiter returned and asked if everything was OK, My wife had taken one bite from the duck leg and she said that things were OK. But as she continued to work on the rest of the duck it seemed to become very tough like it had been over microwaived. She signaled the waiter over and rather than handling it professionally he asked in a rather accusing manner why she had said the duck was OK when first asked. This made us feel very uncomfortable. The waiter did remove the duck and did not charge us for it. However, we just wanted some excellent food. I'll never return to any of Emeril's restaurants based on this encounter. If you want a good meal while at the Venetian / Palazzo go to Bouchon where you'll be treated well and the food is great. Just to be balanced I will say that the rib eye that I had was good.
4	Came here with friends for our high end streak meal during a recent week in Vegas. It did not disappoint. For drinks, I ordered a High West rye Manhattan and it arrived perfectly mixed; maybe the smoothest Manhattan I've ever imbibed. Ceaser salad very good, but no anchovies. Two of us split chateaubriand and it was perfect, although presentation was somewhat boring. The potatos and asparagus were good but not spectacular. Another friend got the fillet and it was so tender she started cutting it with get butter knife and didn't even notice! The wine list is overwhelming. 93 pages. It's better to know what you want and see  if it's there than to try and choose. The decor is somewhat vanilla, but nice.  Also, the place is huge - much larger inside than what you see when you walk in off Restaurant Row in The Palazzo.  The crowd made for pretty fun people watching; there seemd to be a lot of middle aged men with their much younger "dates."  Maybe it was "take your niece to dinner" night.  But overall, a very nice, entertaining  evening out, but spendy.
4	This is not the Delmonicos restaurant of NY. This is an Emeril Lagasse steakhouse. There is no decoration to speak of. Just a large open room with many tables and many people chatting and laughing. We ordered the bone-in ribeye and it was prepared to perfection, but a tad bit too salty for my friend's taste. I loved mine, but you need to be a full-on caveman to eat the whole damn thing. We had the creamed spinach which was coarse and tough to chew and the au gratin potatoes were really good. The sommelier was great and recommended a very nice blend. We were so stuffed, we chose not to have dessert, but they looked quite good. This is a very nice, fancy steakhouse, but CUT still gets my vote for the best one around.
3	Came here for a quick dinner before the rest of our girlfriends arrived for our Vegas weekend. Me and my friend at the at the bar and ordered the bone in ribeye to share. It came out juicy and perfectly cooked. My complaint would be it lacked seasoning, I had to add salt and pepper, without it, it tasted like it was lacking a little in flavor. I had a glass of wine, and tried a couple of their signature cocktails, a mint juliep drink and a lychee flavored one, both were very good. Overall a decent meal but did feel a little out of place as we were leaving because me and my friend were both dressed super casual, shorts and a tee, while the rest of the people that had started to show up while we were eating were much more formal.
4	Came out for our anniversary, the steaks were wonderful HUGE cuts if you want to spend money on this Restaurant, then this will be the place to do so. The aged steaks which i ordered medium came out as expected. Better come VERY hungry due to the sizes of the servings!
4	As far as steakhouses goes in Las Vegas, you can almost never go wrong if you're willing to pay $50-75 for a steak for the most part, or at least maybe I've been lucky.Delmonico's is a solid restaurant, which for me is highlighted by Emeril's Banana Cream Pie which features Caramel Sauce, Chocolate Shavings and Whipped Cream.I've gone to the lounge seating area just to indulge in a slice of their Banana Cream Pie, so if you love pie, and BCP, then you've got to find the time and make room for this...
4	This place was great. We came with a party of 12. We chose the restaurant based on the wine list and this had one of the best on the strip. The gumbo was good. The filet was great. The only part I didn't enjoy was the oysters. We mentioned it to two different waiters and only ate about 6 of the 12 oysters. We were all a little upset and we spent $1500 on dinner and they couldn't take the oysters we didn't care for off the bill.We sure to stop by the bar on the way in or out. Not only is the wine list worth the trip but if you like high-end bourbon this is a great place. They have several different Pappy Van Winkle bourbons and Templeton Rye.
4	We Came For The Ribeye! You Should Too!We'd heard the accolades about the Bone-In Ribeye at Delmonico's and decided to see for ourselves. Of the eight in our group - seven of us ordered the Bone-In Ribeye - the eighth ordered a Filet.  Bottom Line - Everyone Was Pleased.The cuts were ample.The cooking-temperatures perfect.The flavor excellent.The texture exceptionally tender.Of note also, was the table-side Caesar Salad. For sides we kept it simple - ordering fries and mushrooms - both were excellent. Another winner was the Banana Cream Pie.Service overall was accommodating and highly attentive. The room itself is a little bland - and the lighting system rather ugly - but hey - you're here for the steak!Recommended!
5	after I had stake here, I am not satisfied any other stake house...sign.Delmonico stake is the best.Make sure to get "bone in rib eye"Simple salt & pepper, and you can taste the MEAT.Fillet minon was good, but compare to salt & pepper rib eye, I like rib eye 100 times better.The excellent cooking temperature, perfect medium rare.I have no complain. Amazing.Also, the simple lettuce wadge salad was amazing, too. To make this simple dish this good is wonderful.I highly recommend this place.So, sad that they are not near where I live.
4	I brought my two friends visiting from London to Delmonico's. Having never been there before I was a bit nervous. No need for nerves here.We had an excellent wait staff take care of us. You are not there for the decor but for the food so don't judge this book by its cover.My friends each ordered the filet and I the rib eye. We also ordered the lobster bisque, the creamed spinach (a must), broccoli and fingerling potatoes. Everything was divine. My friends both wanted to cry over how perfect their filets were. I have no idea what wine we had but all in all I could not have asked for a nicer meal. I recommend it for the experience of going as well as the wonderful food.Another plus is people were dressed for a nice dinner and not in casual shorts and such. The mealk ran about $100.00 per person after everything.
5	the best meal ive ever had hands down. cooked perfectly high quality you get what you pay for and wont be disappointed
5	The bone-in rib eye is easily the highlight of this steakhouse. The medium rare steak had excellent flavor along with the marbled fat that simply melted in my mouth. The oysters, ahi tuna & salmon tartare, butternut squash ravioli, and bbq shrimp are all excellent choices for starters and the potato gratin is a good side dish to have the steak with. The wine list is very extensive, but if you're not up for all that intensive reading, they also have a very knowledgeable staff to make recommendations. I was a little disappointed with peppermint profiteroles which were a little too stiff for my liking. Service was great and efficient. I must have had my water glass filled 7-8 times that night. Pricing is relatively decent - entrees around $50 and starters/sides/deserts around $10-$15 each.
4	Yes I love this place and I want to go again and again.   The value is also very good and where it should be.   Note to all: The pork chop is now called "Ham Chop", it's still my favorite item on the menu and I think the country's best piece of swine.
2	I recently stayed two nights in Vegas. I went to B&B one night and Delmonico the second. The food was excellent quality at both places. But the service and the atmosphere fell very short at Delmonico's. I was dining alone so maybe the server didn't think he needed to attend to me but the night before I had amazing service at B&B so I had an expectation of what a $100 dining experience should be like. I told the server I would like a glass of red wine when my steak was delivered. I waited ten minutes before it was brought out. I used to wait tables... for a decade. I'm a reasonable patron. I think fine dining demands something above diner level service.So despite a delicious steak and a tasty martini, the rowdy classless crowd and the crappy service will keep me from coming back.
5	Unbelievably great food & service. The  steak's are divine and cooked to perfection. Portions are bigger than expected. Try the butternut squash ravioli and the wild arugula w/ raspberries. All dishes were beautifully presented, perfectly seasoned and dressed, and absolutely delicious. There was not a single bite leftover from anyone's plate.Overall, this place was expensive, but it was worth every penny. Go ahead treat yourself, I dare you!!
5	Impressive table side carved steak. Probably the best dessert I've had thus far....The Banana cream pie
3	I never try to get my expectations up too high when it comes to high end steak houses, since i have been let down so many times before.  The ONLY thing that was really excellent here was the service by far!  The entire wait staff (which is only men) was wonderful!  The food was good... nothing to rant and rave about!  I had theChateaubriand, and yes, it was good...but the table side presentation was the only GREAT thing about it, the steak itself was nothing i would go back for.  I strongly feel that the streak was just as good as the steak at Carve in the Cannery, and for half the price!  Overall, it was a nice experience, another thing to cross off my list, but honestly, no need for me to ever go back!
5	We went on Christmas Day, so had a few specials. Started with they oysters - very good. Then a duck salad. The duck was rich but was cooked right. It's extremely hard to cook good duck, but they nailed it! Then I got the filet minion, medium rare. It melted in my mouth. It was amazing. It may have been more on the rare side, but I had no complaints. To finish off my experience I got the bread pudding. Just like the filet, amazing. The pecan buttered ice cream and the warm bread was bigger than it looked - but had no problem finishing it. In our group of 3, we each got a different menu item - I feel like what i got trumped the other dishes. Try it!
4	We had a great experience at Delmonico.  Great food, wine and service made for a great meal.We started with bbq shrimp and ahi tartare.  The bbq shrimp is New Orleans style which is shrimp in gravy rather than a typical bbq and it was very tasty.The gumbo was good and had a bit of heat, great stuff.My bone-in ribeye was cooked to medium and had a creole rub that was delicious.My son had a huge, huge cheeseburger that was very tasty.  The service was prompt, attentive and courteous.I grew up in Texas, so I know a good steak when I see it.  The bone in ribeye served here is fantastic.Expect to spend at least $100/person when dining here, you don't get a great meal here on the cheap...
2	The best part of the whole experience was the service...they paid a lot of attention to our party of four.The worst part were the STEAKS!!!!!!! cold....later warmed up and dry with no taste at all. I can make a much better meal at home!!I would never come back to spend so much money for horrible food.I had a duck that was decent but not worth writing home about, sadly :( it was quite dry and all it needed was some of the cane sauce to be poured over it. I wonder if they can cook anything right here when it comes to meat.quite a disappointment, i am never coming back.
5	Outstanding
4	I have yet to have a better steak dinner in Vegas than this one at Delmonico Steakhouse. Tableside Caesar for two was great. The 8oz filet was seasoned & cooked perfectly; I enjoyed every bite.  BUT the best dish of all was the banana cream pie. Ditch the apps and opt for the dessert!
4	Its a fancy steakhouse in Vegas.  Sure it was great, the food was good the service was superb and the wine selection was almost too much to deal with, but its expensive.  hey its a fancy steakhouse in Vegas.  So it lives up to its name.  If you are looking for a great night out for steak this is as good a selection as any.  Just be prepared to pay about $100-$150/person if you are going to be on wine.
4	I stumbled into Delmonico Steakhouse after going to the wrong place as suggested by my friend. He told me to go to Emeril's in Vegas, so I did. However, the only place that houses Emeril's name is the Fish House.My friend challenged me that Demonico had the best Caesar salad after I claimed I had found the holy grail. So I had to try it here. First off, they make it from scratch, tableside here. They even have you inspect it before putting salad in.Previously I thought I had good Caesar salad, but this was on a different level. The salads that I've had before were either good or bad. The flavor was just that. however this salad actually had *waves* of flavor. you could distinctly taste the pepper fade in and out, the egg fade in and out, sardines fade in and out, and other flavors until it mellowed out on your palette. WTF, are you serious? I didn't even know salad dressing could do that. I give the salad a 5/5My lady and I shared the lamb. I am not a huge lamb eater because I generally find it too fatty and I don't like fatty texture. This was good though and I did enjoy it all. It could have been a little more charred on the outside as I found that part to be the most tasty. I probably would have been better off with something a little more traditional like steak, I suppose. I'll give them lamb a 4/5For dessert I got this cheesecake that was akin to a smore. It was seriously yum. I was stuffed before I started it, and I still ate it - it was that good. I will give it a 5/5.What was magnificent with this place was the service. I am very particular with service and how often the service visits your table. I was a little scared at first of this place when they announced that we would be attended by three different people. Of crap I thought, they are going to be down my throat every bite. But really, they worked it like a charm. They came when they needed to and didn't come when they didn't need to come - all three of them. My water was constantly full as well. I really appreciated this.I want to go back here next time I am in town and do a few things differently. First, don't eat 3 hours before arriving. I was not all that hungry when I arrived and I felt like I was doing myself a disservice. Second, try something more to my liking such as chicken or steak. I have to give it a 4.5 but yelp doesn't allow a half mark. I feel that the main part of the meal was the weakest which is the main reason you are there so I am rounding down to 4-stars. Maybe if I enjoyed the main course a little more (not that it was bad) then I would have given it a straight 5-stars.I'll be back.
4	Having been to most of the steak places in Vegas I was excited to try something new so I chose Delmonico's.Had a reservation but arrived early and they go us in fairly quickly. They aren't overly friendly, the barely look at you and they speed you to your table, but that's where I wanted to be anyway. Service in every other way was impeccable. I was pretty impressed with the waitstaff from the start. They were amazing.Sat down and only had water between me and the business associate I was with. He declined an appetizer, but I chose to have the half dozen oysters on the half shell. They were tiny, but delicious. I definitely would recommend these if you enjoy nice, mildly salty and briny oysters. They had a lot of flavor for the size.We both ordered steak; I had the bone-in ribeye and he the filet mignon. I also ordered the foie gras to top my steak.My steak was a nice size and it was cooked medium rare with the outside being a little tough and very seared on the outside making it tasted burned almost. I ate around that and was pleased. It isn't the best steak I've ever had, but the prices were reasonable so it hurt less. The foie gras was tasteless and a waste of money. I like mine to be buttery and melt in my mouth. Not happening here, save your money. There are a lot better places to get it.My associate had the filet and I tasted it; it was tender and moist. It was cooked perfectly, but the outside was pepper coated and it tasted bitter. Not a fan of that.For dessert we split the banana cream pie and it was the best part of the whole night. Highly recommend! It tasted like something my mom would make and I loved it! It was big and we couldn't finish it. I bet it would have tasted awesome right out of the fridge the next day, but alas I left it there. All in all it's an okay restaurant. I probably won't go back because there are a lot better steak houses, but I enjoyed it for what it was.
2	I recently entertained clients here.  I made my reservation over Open Table.  Originally I had made for 4 people, then wanted to add one more guest.  They told me several times that there was no way they could fit another chair at the table.  Ok.We get there, and there is a private party going on - but in the lobby/bar/wait area.  What?  That's a bit disturbing.  They sat us in the lounge area and we ordered drinks (which never came).  Then our "table" was ready.  Well this was the end table which basically was in the lounge area.  So we moved over one table. The wine list is very in depth and almost overwhelming.  Just give me a good red with my meat is not the way to go here.  No simplicity.From the start our table was crowded.  Too many items on the tables, and the service ware was oversized for the little table.  It almost made it difficult to eat.Before our food came I wondered off to the loo - which was like a hike because the restaurant is actually quite huge.  As I walked by tables, I saw several larger tables with less people seated at them and empty chairs.  Hmmm.  So they really couldn't let me bring an extra guest or they really don't know how to plan their seating?  During our meal we couldn't even talk - the noise from the private party was too much.  And they were standing all around us.  Several time people knocked into the back of my clients' chair!  So frustrating.  I can't understand WHY they would seat people in that area - and we had plenty of room for the extra guest.  The food was wonderful.  Meat done right.  But all the negatives earn this only 2 stars.
5	Let the 5 star rating speak for itself. Absolutely delicious mind blowing steaks served here. The bone-in ribeye was grilled to perfection. Topped with butter. Seriously, could you ask for anything more. I had tears welling up in my eyes it was so good. I was having a moment. Tender beyond belief. The cajun rub did not taste cajun. It tasted like seasoned perfection.Excellent sides and appetizers. Wine list, extensive. Decor wasn't my style but very simple - nothing to write home about. The staff was very attentive, helpful, and courteous. Again. Mind blowing!
3	The food here is pretty good but the reason I'm giving 3 stars is because I personally don't think it's any better than a Ruth's Chris, which is half the cost.What stood out the most was the lobster bisque. It was really good! But everything else wasn't better what I could have gotten at Ruth's Chris, especially not the banana cream pie which was worse.My advice, save your money and go to Ruth's Chris or another restaurant.
5	D is for Delmonico's!  I love steak!  I love Rib Eye Steak the most so I order it everywhere.  This ranks as the 3rd best Rib Eye flavor wise I've had behind Fleming's and Joe's Stone Crab IMO.  I had the mushrooms for sides which were good but not fantastic!  The Banana Cream Pie was exceptional.  Very thick and rich!  When you visit, dress like a High Roller!  =)
3	Family and I went last night.  Everything was mediocre except my wife's filet.  Prices are crazy
5	My rating is based solely on my experiences at the bar and Max Solano's mastery of spirits. I kind of treat Vegas like a giant tapas restaurant and basically go from restaurant to restaurant having an app and drink at each stop so I cannot comment on their food or service other than the apps that I have had there which have been delicious.Max Solano is Emeril's master mixologist in Vegas and I believe he creates all the signature cocktails for Emeril's Vegas properties or maybe it's just the Venetian/Palazzo properties. Whatever the case may be this man can make a drink. Do yourself a favor and sit and the bar when Max is working and let him design or recommend a drink based on your personal tastes. I have given him just two ingredients that I was craving and had him invent a cocktail for the first time right there in front of me that would rate as the best I have ever had. He is a true artist behind the bar. He also boasts what is one of the most extensive whiskey inventories in the country!A cocktail or two by Max is a great way to start or end an evening and sometimes both in the same sitting but either way add a Solano cocktail to your Vegas must do list the next time you visit Vegas.
5	Just went last night. Still THE BEST steak any of our party had ever enjoyed...and it's consistently at that level. excellent service; just a GREAT way to enjoy a vegas evening before hitting the clubs, tables or whatever else is on the agenda.
4	Efficient Service, Quiet and Great FoodIt has been 4 years since I ate here and so on my last day in Vegas, I stopped for lunch. The food as usual was excellent. Tried their tuna which was cooked just perfect. My buddy had a burger which he tells me was very tasty.Love the fact that this place has maintained such great quality over the years.
2	I was part of a group of six people having a business dinner and was really looking forward eating at this establishment. The service was very good and noise level was acceptable wherein it was easy to carry on a conversation.  I had the BBQ shrimp as my appetizer which was very good.  But as to the main entree, I was very disappointed in the quality of the NY strip.  This piece of meat was described as prime but in reality I thought it was more of a select grade ... I have had choice from the grocery store that was more tender.  Initially, I thought maybe my steak was an anomaly and did not want to complain since were invited out to dinner. However, then  another person in our party also stated his steak was very tough and was only able to eat about a quarter of his steak ... Gave up and moved on to eat only the side dishes, which were very good I may say.We all shared the desserts ... I really enjoyed the Banana Cream pie.Even though there were some good things about this restaurant still rated it lower based on the poor quality of prime steak I had relative to the cost of the steak ... In essence it still was not worth the dining experience even though I was not the one paying.
3	I had dinner here on 2/7.  The last time I was here was over 10 years ago.  The last Vegas steakhouse that I had eaten at was CUT, so that is what I will be comparing my experience to.Service:  Very Good.  We had at least 3-4 servers taking care of us (party of 5) throughout the night.  Initially dinner was for a party of 4.  However, once we were seated, our buddy landed at the airport and decided to join us.  I informed the head server (thinking that they may not be able to accommodate) and he immediately converted the table to seat 5 (pulled out stuff from the bottom to make it a round table).  Water was constantly filled and table cleared off in appropriate fashion.Food:  We started off with the Caesar Salad and Ahi Tuna/Salmon tartare.  I thought the salad was just ok.  A tad too much dressing.  Same with the tartare.  Nothing special and pretty bland.  Most of the group got the bone in rib eye (medium rare to medium well).  All were cooked well.  I thought the medium rare tasty pretty good.  Nothing spectacular about it, just good steak.  I had the rack of lamb (medium rare) and it had decent flavors.  I would take Carvino's lamb chops over it any day.  The sides we had were decent (Potato gratin, mushrooms, and corn).  We had a nice bottle of wine that the Sommelier recommended with a price point of $85.  That was probably the best tasting thing of the night.The verdict on Delmonico's is that it is a decent steakhouse that it's reputation is based on its name more than its food.  I would choose CUT over it any day.  They have more selection of meat (cuts and quality).
5	Second time dining at DelMonico.  Food was great service was onPoint. A must when in Las Vegas
4	We have been to many steakhouses in Vegas, NYC and around the country and this rates right with the best of them.My wife and I shared an appitizer of tomato and Mazzarella which was very good. She had the rib eye and I had the filet mignon. Both were cooked perfectly and tasted so good. For dessert we had their famous banana cream pie. I highly recommend it and it is enough for two. Also-their espresso was excellent. The atmosphere is loud and full of energy. The decor us somewhat plain but nice and clean. Our server was very good and professional. This is a Vegas restaurant I would come back to.
5	i had an amazing dinner here the other night with a friend.  In often too-busy Vegas, it's nice to find a nice, quiet, comfortable, spacious restaurant like this one, tucked in the Restaurant Row of the Venetian.The food was very good -- I'd recommend the heirloom tomato salad and the lobster bisque.  The Filet was great as was the bone-in ribeye.  The wine list is amazing with a very nice collection of French wine, top burgundies in particular.  And if you're in the mood to drop $500-$750 on a bottle, you can actually great a very good value on wine that would cost much more elsewhere.
4	I was treated to a lovely birthday dinner here and was pleasantly surprised.  The restaurant is a lot bigger than it actually looks.  Walking past it in the Venetian, you wouldn't believe it extends back to a full restaurant.The ambiance is elegant, comfortable, but friendly.  The manager came out before our meal to greet us and wish me a happy birthday, which was rather special.  The wine list was over 100 pages long and took us quite some time to decide which bottle to get.We had the truffle & parmesan potato chips, which were just okay, and a small charcuterie plate with homemade cheese chips.For our main courses, I ordered the filet mignon.  My date ordered the bone in ribeye with foie gras.  My steak was arguable the best steak I've ever had.  It was perfectly buttery, seared and charred on the outside but tender, moist, juicy, and pink on the inside.  I had a bite of the ribeye with foie gras, which was just savory overload.For dinner, we received a complimentary "Happy Birthday" sorbet with a candle in it.I had a great experience there and would go back again for the steak.  I only gave 4 stars and not 5 because the other menu items (starters and sides) were very forgettable.  The steak however, was unforgettable. Date night seal of approval!
2	Punked!In a sentence, horrendous value for money.We chose this place expecting a fine dining experience complete with great food and service. Unfortunately both failed and especially the service.We had specified to our waiter immediately that we had an hour and a half before we had to leave to attend a show and he assured us we'd have plenty of time to enjoy our meal at a quiet and relaxed pace.One hour and 10 minutes later our steaks arrive even though the 2 parties next  to us arrived later and had already been served all 3 courses of their meals. What's going on?Call it favouritism, poor planning or whatever, we had to engulf our meals in 10 minutes before rushing off to our show only to be late. Not only that, the waiter forgot to include the mushrooms I ordered, had them made quickly and then added them to our bill...so considerate of him. Where's the common sense in customer service? At least give me the mushrooms for free!I wish I could say the food was superb but it was average at best;  I've had better steaks  at 1/10 the cost, no joke.Bottom line: if you're looking for a premium dining experience, think twice before choosing Delmonico.
4	My mom lives in Vegas so I am there all the time and we try a lot of the nicer restaurants in town.  Delmonico Steakhouse was one of the better ones.  We were a little early for our reservation so we sat in the bar and ordered a few drinks.  The hostess then called our name after only a couple of minutes so we did not get our drinks in the bar but they brought them to the table and added them to our bill.  It was a very smooth process.  For dinner, I had the fillet Mignon with blue cheese melted on it.  It was delicious.  The steak was a tad undercooked for my taste but I did order medium rare.  I guess I was expecting the norm where other restaurants cook medium rare closer to medium.  But overall the steak was delicious.  Good flavor and I loved the blue cheese.  My mom had the rack of lamb.  Again a little too undercooked for her taste but they truly cooked it to medium rare.  We shared the twice baked potatoes with cheese and bacon.  Yummy!  The bread was good too.  We had a great main waiter and his assistants.  Everyone treated us well and in a timely manner.  Definitely a place I will go again.
5	Had one of the best meals I every had. Was celebrating both mine and my nephews b'days in LV. Awesome food even better service. Bone-in ribeye rocked the table.
4	Best pecan pie ever!Shrimp cocktail, good but nothing special, I thought it would be more Cajun. Oysters fresh and the horseradish was so good! Lobster bisque very good. The steak was pretty good I had a filet mignon and my husband had the Ribeye it was huge! Everything was cooked well. I have had a better steak but it was good. The best thing was the dessert of pecan pie. I'm just going to go there for that!
4	The filet was delicious!
4	The delmonico was delicious, the potatoes were excellent, and the deserts were amazing.  After dinner I was thinking about dessert and they suggested the banana cream pie.  Normally banana cream is not my favorite, so I was somewhat skeptical, but the server said that if I did not like it they would not charge me for it. so I gave it a try.  It was amazing, I would recommend it to anyone, but you can get it at any Emeril restaurant so dont go here just for that.  Overall pricy, but very good.
4	Had dinner here last week - great food, very nice atmosphere.  Top notch steakhouse.The bone in ribeye was delicious, as you would expect there was a lot of fat on it but the flavor was worth it.  The bone in filet (a special) was very good, tender, less fat than the rib eye but also less flavor.  I would say both are worth getting but it depends on your preference for flavor vs. tenderness.  The duck was very good - not fatty as most duck is but still full of flavor - if you are looking for a non steak entre I think this is the way to go.I didn't have one so I cannot confirm but someone I was dining with said the mojito was the best they have ever had so keep that in mind if you are a mojito fan.Overall a great dinner.
3	I'd probably give Delmonico four stars, except that my expectations were set higher than they probably should have been. In all honesty, The Delmonico did not deliver anything notably better, more worthy of celebrity, than the average high end steak house in Nashville - including Stoney River, Ruth's, or local favorites like Sperry's. I guess I thought that for all the critique Emeril gives Top Chef stars, his restaurant would blow me away.The homemade truffle chips were good, and somewhat unique, but perhaps a little over cooked, leaving a numb of chips hard.Our steaks were indeed prepared excellently, and a quality cut of meat. I had the filet, which was an ample serving and cooked to a perfect medium rare.But the twice baked potatoes were a big disappointment. The shells seems to be way overcooked, to the point or requiring a steak knife to cut through them. The flavor was bland, even with cheddar and bacon. A little salt and pepper certainly helped.We did enjoy the creamed spinach, even including my colleague who usually doesn't like green things.The bread pudding was definitely the way to go on dessert. We also had a slice of banana cream pie, but the star was the bread pudding, which was not ruined with raisins. It was rich, smooth, creamy and delicious.
4	Great service! Excellent menu! Their chateaubriand steak was mouth-watering!
4	We went to Delmonico's a few years ago (while I was undecided if I was an Emeril fan or not...turns out, I'm not).  Didn't care for our meal, but the one thing that stood out was the Banana Cream Pie.When we were back in Vegas we stopped by just for a slice of that pie. A few years later and its as good as I remembered. I'm picky about bananas, not a pie person, and still this pie is amazing.
4	Outstanding lobster bisque and gumbo. Got a bit loud at times with large groups, but we enjoyed a delicious ribeye and filet. Both are good choices.
3	I think I may have set my expectations too high. I went for lunch, which was pretty nice since there were only about 4 of us total in the restaurant. The service was good, and the staff is extremely attentive (again, only 4 people in the restaurant). My caesar salad was a bit bland. I wasn't in love with the long leaf of romaine that they pour the dressing over and make you cut in order to eat. The burger sans bacon was amazing. They didn't ask me how I'd like it cooked though which again bothered me. I normally would get mine a bit more done than medium rare. The dessert I opted to try was the banana creme pie. It was amazing. The display itself is jaw dropping! I enjoyed the pie immensely and bagged the rest for later in the evening. I couldn't possibly eat it all right then and there. Ambiance - 4 starsStaff - 4 starsFood - 3.5 stars (bland caesar salad; could have been better had they asked me how I'd like by burger prepared)
4	We have been wanting to check out Delmonico for a while now, and with it being Restaurant Week, it made sense to stop in!They only had a lunch special, but there was a lot of variety, and the food was great! Service was top notch as well, with our glasses never hitting halfway with a smile.  Had to hit it with the 4 star, since some of the food was hit and some miss, but overall everything was good and a great value for RW.Started off with a surprise amuse!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/delmonico-steakhouse-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#s2aCXocbqLcx3v6sl0_NZwThen the apps came out...The Heirloom Tomato Soup with Grilled Ricotta Cheese Sandwich was good! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/delmonico-steakhouse-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#ogoxihGvCtfmoq7L8TD1BAThe soup itself was a little rich and thick, not very soupy consistency, but it worked well with the delicious Ricotta Cheese sandwich! But I tried a few spoonfuls without the sandwich, and it didn't stand on its own.Vine-Ripened Heirloom Tomato Salad :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/delmonico-steakhouse-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#d9kt2ojPgUys4VgvTBOTOgConsisted of Burrata Cheese, Red Onion, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Balsamic Vinegar and Torn Local Basil.  The company liked it, but since I am not a fan of tomatoes, I didn't bother trying it.On to the entrees!  The Grilled Skirt Steak Sandwich was great!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/delmonico-steakhouse-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#EWRi7UESqNjHjvYn0GlXLQIt was on Ciabatta with Roasted Mushrooms & Onions, Horseradish Mayonnaise, Spinach and Truffle French Fries! The sandwich itself was great! The steak was a perfect and tender medium rare, with the horseradish mayo adding the perfect blend of awesome! The truffle fries were great as well, but their style of fries are a bit overcooked for my tastes. Seems like they are twice fried here...and everyone's was like this, so I know it wasn't by accident. Still good though!Butternut Squash Ravioli :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/delmonico-steakhouse-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#GQE0e9w2Ew-u0GzjA1SJjQConsisted of Sage Brown Butter, Toasted Hazelnuts and Parmesan Cheese. Not bad...very creamy though.The desserts were awesome! Emeril's Banana Cream Pie :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/delmonico-steakhouse-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#EZOm9VBP7nhTaoF6PABi-AHad a Caramel Sauce, Chocolate Shavings and Whipped Cream, and it was way to big to finish! Lots of chunks of banana, and the cream pie portion was rich and outstanding. The Pecan Pie :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/delmonico-steakhouse-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#2PfIwfb5F0JTL9DuO52WywHad an Oatmeal Shortbread Crust, French Vanilla Ice Cream & Caramel Sauce. It was good too! A bit better on the portion control here lol.Anyways, I want to make it back to check out their steak menu! Seems like they are a little less spendy than some of the others on the strip, with prices on aged beef starting in the high $40s.
1	We were sat at 9:15. Dinner arrived at 10:45...  Those of us not drinking wine were not offered anything other than water. Once dinner arrived a couple of the steaks were placed in front of the wrong patrons. Instead of just correcting the issues, the server/manager restated what I ordered (the bone in NY strip). The steak in front of me was very clearly a filet. Our wine glasses were not cleared until our dinner plates were...The steaks were decent. Not amazing, but adequate...  Restroom was dirty, toilet seat damaged, no hand towels. A relatively pitiful attempt at a fine dining experience.
5	I am a sucker for celebrity chef restaurants. After a poor dining experience at Gordon Ramsey's Pub & Grill, I was a little skeptical to try another one. Delmonico was wonderful and would blow the pants off anything with Gordon Ramsey's name attached.The service here was impeccable. We had multiple servers and they all worked as a team. We never had to ask for anything because they were always on top of it.The wine list was like a novel! I ordered the vine-ripened tomato salad with burrata, which was very tasty. For my meal, I had the filet mignon, cooked PERFECTLY medium rare. Overcooked meat does not make me happy, so I was very pleased with how mine came out. I also ordered a baked potato with the works...this potato was HUGE. The waitress even offered to being me more toppings if I ran out.For dessert, we tried the banana bread pudding which was delicious and very rich with a scoop of ice cream on top.I was extremely impressed with Delmonico and would absolutely eat there again!
2	To start with our luncheon last week, the front hostess was way rude and young.Then was our waiter who seemed to be rude and showing no sings of enjoying hisjob at this restaurant. Both my husband and I were talking about how people that work in this kind of environment in Vegas have become more and more rude and complacent with customers in the past years. Will not go back. Food was OK!
4	Bam!  Great service! Top notch service, amazing service, service, service, service.  They even asked us for a business card so they can write us a thank you card in the mail.  Food: -Bbq shrimp-4 pcs, very tasty, amazing sauce.  -Spinach salad was delicious, candied bacon...well like candy! -Red snapper was perfectly cooked.  I could have used more lentils but heh it's cool. -Bone in ribeye was, as everyone else says, amazing.  -Pineapple mojitos, really refreshing but also very strong.  Sadly, no room for dessert.  Would have loved the Jamaican Blue Mountain Coffee but the $20.00 price tag was a bit over zealous.  I would totally go back, but maybe for lunch so I have more room for their dessert!
2	I took my husband to LV for his 40 birthday. Thought would be nice to try this steak place since he loves steak.  I don't mind paying for good food but the steak is average, The place is nice but our table is right by the kitchen. If i mentioned is a birthday celebration when I made the reservation then at least a good table location. They made no effort to even mention "Happy Birthday" to my husband.  Joe's is much better. Never come back.
3	I got a chance to enjoy Delmonico Steakhouse during LV Restaurant Week. We went there for lunch and I'll take some of the blame for the experience because I ordered a a burger instead of a specialty, but it could have been better. It would have been nice to have someone ask me how to prepare it to my liking. Other than that, the staff was great and I had my very first piece of pecan pie there. I may go back again, but I'd have to be convinced.
1	We have previously eaten here each time we're in Vegas because the food is excellent.  We've eaten here our last three anniversaries - this year was our 25th.  We were seated and the evening began well enough; however, there was a large group of men at a table several feet away becoming louder and louder as the evening wore on. As other couples in the room finished no one was reseated in our area (the stone walled room with the wine 'wall').  As the group became louder their language also worsened to the point of being profane and the mention of male body parts. My wife and I were appalled as well as shocked that the staff  which recognized the situation did NOTHING but apologize to us. There was no request that the group exercise some decorum or that we be moved.  One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas failed to deliver on a very special occasion.
2	Dinner at Delmonico Steakhouse on 3/17/2013, to celebrate husbands birthday while visiting Las Vegas from Miami, Fl. The dinner experience was awful. Sent steak back, not cooked as requested. Waited 20 mins for waiter to bring steak back. When plate was returned steak was dry, burned and the items left on dinner plate where ice cold. Husband ate dinner alone while I waited for my $52 steak. An apology was never extended. Dinner was definitely not worth the $200 check. Very Disappointed! Will not recommend to friends or family!Pricey, Poor Quality Steak and Bad service!
1	Our bad experience started with the lady who answered when I called to set a resv. She sounded like she wasn't very happy and didn't make me feel good about planning to go to Delmonicos.  We get there and the hostess simply said "follow me" she did not make eye contact or even ask "how's your evening?" She walked so fast to our table it was hard to keep up.  She sat us, gave us a napkin, said nothing at all, and walked away.  (Also they only have white napkins.. I'm used to fine dining where your napkin, either white or black, be offered to go with your ensemble.)Next, our server(s), didn't seem to care that we were dining there.  Not sure if they judged based on skin color, age, and style of clothes, but it felt like they did.  After offering us drinks and giving us menus, it was about an 8 to 10 minute wait to see our server again.. Mind you that we'd chosen what we'd have for dinner and had our menus closed a majority of that time.Overall for service from beginning til end was way below par for such a place.  We did not feel welcomed nor that they gave 2 funks about us.FOOD:My bone in rib eye was ordered medium and came out medium well, which made it particularly dry and tough.  My spouses bone in rib eye was cooked correctly (medium), but was nothing to call home about.I ordered my steak Oscar style.  The asparagus was the highlight of our dinner and the crab seemed a but overlooked and dry.We also had a lobster tail each, which came de-shelled and on top of the rib eye.  Drawn butter was brought out but lemon was not, nor offered.We had the New Orleans style creamed spinach.. The only "new Orleans" about it was the name.  The spinach tasted fresh but it was about a 3.5/5 on overall taste and quality.For the price there are many better options in Las Vegas (Mastro's ocean club; the capital grille, del frisco's..).  We will surely never return.
5	Still the most consistent and my personal favorite in Vegas!
3	Went for lunch waited almost five minutes for any type of service (was not busy). Ordered appetizers chips and gumbo they were very good. Then the bad. We ordered two burgers one medium one medium well. Both came medium rare at best. Sent them back, they put the burgers back on the grill. Came back mine was supposed to be medium well was medium. My wife's was supposed to be medium was medium rare. Both came back on blood soaked buns WOW.  We were disappointed. It did get better the pecan pie with ice cream was very good.  Also our server was very nice once he came to the table. So for the poor burger and blood soaked bun I have to give three stars.
4	Everything we had was amazing here. Great service, great atmosphere and best of all... great food.Truffle Potato Chips... highly recommend.  When I first saw it... was a little skeptical. But.. they are amazing.Vine rippen tomato salad, really good.  cheese was super fresh and the tomatos were very sweet and rip.  Rib Eye - was perfectly cook, medium rare.  perfect crust and was just so good.  I can see why my friends made it a tradition to come here.
5	Bone in ribeye was incredible. Even offered a special "book" of scotch selections.
5	EXCELLENT!! Everything was perfect...Ambiance, Service, especially the food.  Wished I had a bigger appetite to hold more food.   There were 3 of us girls sharing the Vine-Ripened Tomato Salad with the Burrata Cheese ~ Excellent!   We weren't very hungry so we shared the Chateaubriand among the 3 of us. It was a perfect size for 3 people.  The portions were well divided with enough sides and steak to go around for 3 people.  We wished we had a bigger appetite to order dessert and try Truffle Potato Chips. Can't wait til my next Vegas trip to try out more of the menu.
4	ordered ribeye bone.  it was excellent!  juicy, tasty.  now, i'm not sure if it's because of the type (with the bone), or the butter they put on top of it.  bread.. they only provided one kind and it was mediocre.  wine was good (based on their recommendation).giving only 4 star because of the bread and the service.  they only provided one kind and even so it was just so-so.  would've been nice for them to invest a bit more in it, as a nice complement before the steak arrive.secondly, the service.  was not as good as wolfgang puck's the cut.  but since i care more about the food, i still give delmonico the trophy over the cut.
5	My experience is from dining at the bar. I never discount the bar as an option for a wonderful evening. It honestly is the best way for a single diner or even two people to enjoy a nice evening without the pretense of an uppity experience.My friend and I came to Delmonico, dressed in tank tops and jeans, so we found an open spot up front. The bartenders are friendly and just as polished as any server. The recommendations for red pairing with our bone in ribeye to the port at the end was perfection. We started our meal off with the steak tartare. It has to be the second best in the city. I wished they would use a quail egg to dress it instead of a chicken's. Moving on to our entree, we split the ribeye and it was more than enough for the both of us. Add a side of the haricot vert with sauteed shallots and it is the perfect meal. Being in an Emeril restaurant we we had to finish with one of his specialty desserts. I tend to not be a big pie fan, so we went with the bread pudding. It is decadent and comes in a generous portion. No one person should be able to polish one off on their own. This is one of those restaurants were I would not even bother with getting a table and would prefer to eat out at the bar.
2	tl;dr - You can do much much better.  I was actually kind of shocked by this place.  I had heard good things, but was disappointed at virtually every turn:Appearance - the place is falling apart.  tiles falling out of walls, holes in walls, dirty bathrooms, uncomfortable and awkward seating.Service - mediocre.  Had to ask repeatedly for items, waiter disappeared for 20+ minutes at a time.  Food - decent; worthy of a 3 star, but the rest drags the rating down.  My filet was cooked to order and seasoned well.  When I ask for anchovies for my caesar salad though, I don't mean 'the anchovy paste you use in the dressing is adequate.'  It means I would like actual anchovies.  This isn't rocket surgery, delmonico.All in all, anywhere else this would have rated a 3 star experience, but given both the price (in general, and relative to other steakhouses in vegas), and the sheer overabundance of steakhouses per capita in LV, there's no way this should rate highly on anyone's list.   Bad form, Delmonico.
2	It was my last night of being in Vegas for a trade show.  Everyone from my company all ready left and was alone.  My feet were tired from standing up all three days and didn't want to leave the hotel for dinner.  Had the following:*BBQ Shrimp: tasty sauce but the shrimp was OVERCOOKED!!!  Tough chewing.*Vine ripened tomato salad with burrata: It says "torn local basil"... Now how corny is that... and me being more &itchy.... it wasn't torn... they were cut as chiffonade.  I wouldn't thought this but really....."torn local basil".. give me a break..  This was what was expected.  Can you really screw up sliced tomatoes, slapped on burrata on top, "torn local basil", red onion, virgin olive oil and balsamic vinegar?  My friend's 4 year old daughter can make this dish.*Filet Mignon-medium rare: was the toughest filet mignon I EVER HAD!!!  WTF?!?!?  It was cooked correctly, but TOUGH at $50 for 9oz.  The filet I had at Outback was much more tender. *Grits w/bacon and white cheddar: If you like steel cut oats, you'll like this, which I do.  Not creamy like most grits.  Has texture.*Banana cream pie: OMG... I LOVE banana cream pie, but this was really bad.  The cream was sooo thick it was almost like a dense cake.  It looks impressive because of the layers of banana.  The flavor wasn't there. Safeways' banana cream pie is MUCH BETTER!! I also had a cocktail and a glass of red wine.  My meal came up to almost $200.  I don't mind paying the price if the food was worth it... IT WAS NOT!!!  Not coming back here again.1 star for the waitress who was very attentive1 star for the hostess who got me a table quickly
5	A few of us went for my honeys bday recently this past weekend, we read reviews and figured we would try it. This place was ridiculous!! Omg!!! We had Fois gras and steak tar tar for apps (daalishsus), then there was a few perfectly cooked melt in your mouth ribeye steaks with daalishsus sides and an order of the butternut squash ravioli!! So buttery rich you didn't want it to end! and of course there was dessert, creme brulee and John brought the bday boy some perfect sorbet! ugh!!! Seriously where do they get off??  Then to top it off they had the nerve to provide amazing service as well! John, I assume the manager, was great very attentive, fun, well humored!! We will absolutely be returning especially since the birthday boy can't stop talking about it! Lol thank you Delmonico's staff for being awesome!
2	Dined there last weekend with some friends and we were utterly disappointed. Not impressed one bit.I don't understand how this restaurant received such high ratings, but I certainly would not go back nor would I recommend to anyone.From the food, the service, the ambiance - huge let down.I would've given this place an additional star if the service wasn't so terrible.  The server was slow and was more interested in chatting.  Also, we waited at least 30 min to get our entrees(they didn't even seem busy). After our table was cleared from apps and salads, we waited 20+ min before calling our server to check up on our food. She said it was still within the "window" and she couldn't do anything. Luckily, she spoke to her manager after another 5-10 min because that's when our food was "officially late." What we had (from what I can recall):BBQ Shrimp - shrimps were cooked unevenly and drowned in mediocre BBQ sauce. Some were cooked well, but mine was under. Vine-Ripened Tomato Salad - nothing specialBaked Crab Stuffed Lobster - lobster tail cooked well, but tough to eat and nothing amazingNY Strip - no flavorFilet - nice crust from the Essence stuffSauteed Garlic Mushrooms - standardPotato Gratin - bit on the dry sideCreamed Corn Gratin - best side order we had on the table, but that doesn't mean much.Dessert:Sorbet, banana cream pie, apple fritters, key lime pie.The desserts and our bottle of wine were probably the highlight of this dinner.If you are looking for a good steakhouse on the strip, this is NOT the place.You'll probably have better luck at Mastro's, Stripsteak, Prime, or Craftsteak.
3	This review is only for the front lounge area as we were in for drinks and appetizers.  Drinks were fine, service was totally average...not great but not bad either.  We ordered an assortment of appetizers to share.  Butternut squash ravioli, truffle chips (weird to order potato chips at a nice restaurant, but we did not based on waitress recommendation) and shrimp were wonderful, the pork not so much....it was very mushy and gamy tasting for some reason. I don't consider myself a food snob, but I took one bite and did not eat any more.  We booked this place based on yelp reviews and now I can see why they are mixed.  I would for sure give this place another shot if we were in Las Vegas AND in the Venetian/Palazzo area.  That said, I would not go out of my way to dine here again.
5	HELLO!!?!?! This place was SO GOOD. We had the table side Caesar Salad which was delicious of course and I had the filet mignon and boyfriend had a big bone in rib eye. We had scalloped potatoes as our side and everything was truly amazing. Our server said Jay-Z and Beyonce were there about one month prior which made us feel like our choice of eating here was a good one. We went to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday and I let them know that when I made reservations. They did a great job of making sure everyone that encountered our table knew that which was nice- made us feel really valued. A really beautiful steak dinner and they did an excellent job of making our special occasion extra special. SO GOOD!!! Steak was cooked to perfection and the cajun rub that they put on it was really a nice touch. Can't hate anything with a large pat of butter on top either- of course it was everything I had hoped this filet would be and more. The crispy outside of the cajun spices was really a nice addition of course an emril style thing you'd hope for. YUM!
3	had a med filet...it was alright.  i don't think i'd go back with craft & nine still around.
4	The food is still fantastic.  We were a party of 7 and everyone enjoyed their meal.Lobster Bisque Soup *****Oysters *****Salads *****Chateaubriand ***** (vegetables were perfectly cooked and a huge amount of them)Bone in Rib-eye *****After dinner drinks *****We brought 2 bottles of Daou. Corkage fee $35.00 eachMinus 1 star because of the lack luster environment.   Delmonico use to have a great vibe which doesn't seem to be there any longer.
5	while in vegas attending my employer conference -  myself, my business partner and our clients ate here for dinner. - ambiance is "right on"- service is "awesome"- food is "Oh My Gosh" (alaskan halibut w/ mash potato)need i say more?
5	The old adage, you get what you pay for fits here! Expensive but what a treat! One of the best steaks I have ever eaten! Service was amazing and the chef even came out to check on us. There are simply not enough superlatives for this place!
5	Decadent.  Delicious.  Delightful.  That was our experience, celebrating our 3-year Wedding Anniversary at Delmonico's! #Bone-In Ribeye ~ a must ($52).  Tender, seasoned and delicious.  Perfectly cooked medium rare.  We added the foie gras accompaniment ($20), which made it INCREDIBLE.  Killer combo and highly recommended!#Corn Au Gratin ~ piping hot, with crunchy bread crumbs on top.  Not too heavy, not too light.  A definite winner.  I could not stop eating it.#Creamed Spinach ~ good.  Also not too heavy.  But, not mind blowing.  #Wild Mushroom Pappardelle Pasta with Truffle ~ a decadent appetizer and quite delicious.  ($20)  This was a dinner special, so I don't know if they regularly have it.  Tasty, but quite a small proportion.#Lobster Salad with Champagne Vinaigrette ~ tasty, with a nice chunk of lobster on the side of leafy greens, thinly sliced red onions and halved cherry tomatoes.  ($20) But, nothing to write home about.  #Bread ~ Biscuit shaped croissants, with butter.  Ok.  Would have been better served warm.  Service was attentive.  Our champagne glasses were topped off regularly.  Water glasses refilled constantly.  Reservations were a piece of cake through OpenTable.  Seated within 5 minutes of arrival.  Total bill - $200+ for 2 people.  Reasonably priced for fine dining.  BOTTOM LINE:  Highly recommend and would dine again!  Next time, I will leave room for dessert.  Creme Brulee and Bread Pudding was on the menu and I heart both!
4	Great steak house. The spinach salad with bacon and a fried egg is to die for. I always get the fillet and French fries. The fries are not in the menu but are AMAZING. All in all one of my favorite steak houses in Vegas. A must try.
5	My favorite steakhouse in Las Vegas, somewhere I know I can go and get a great steak and have a great atmosphere to share with friends or family.  I have been going to Delmonico since about four year ago and I have never been disappointed once.One of my favorite things about this place is every time I have made a reservation I have always got seated almost exactly on time.  This place is not cheap nor is it too overpriced compared to other steakhouses in Las Vegas that don't even come close to this one.One of my favorite things is they have an great selection of scotches and bourbon, the have a separate menu for it and if you like either please make sure and check it out.Give this place a try and know that I recommend it to everyone.
5	Awesome food with excellent serviceWe shared the BBQ Shrimp which was excellent, the Butternut Ravioli was great & the oysters on the half shell were fresh.We spilt a spinach salad that was good and the Ribeye Steak was to die for.We ended with the Banana Cream Pie that was 5 layers deep This was truly a WOW dinner
4	I was a bit skeptical as usual to try a tv chef place, such as Emeril. But i wasn't disappointed after all. We started the evening with a pre drink at the bar which is a small but nice and up scale place. Then we both ordered starter and main course. I had the oyster platter and my friend and the shrimp bbq. The oyster were great, especially because it is the small size ones, more flavorful to me. I think the big hit was the shrimp which takes about 12 hours to make that special bbq sauce. Then we were recommended to try to the bone in ribeye as far as steak. We were going there for steaks to start with but this was definitely a hit. Steak was perfectly cooked, dry aged (8 weeks i think) and we had a lovely potato gratin to complement that. I wasn't a big fan of the corn side dish we ordered though. The waiter also suggested a nice red wine to complement that. Service was top notch with 3-4 servers always around you which is very appreciable. If you are in a mood for steak, i think this is one of the best option in Vegas for sure.
5	My wife took me here for a fabulous dinner before the Blue Man Group show.  We got there in plenty of time and explained that we wanted to sit and enjoy our experience and planned on being there for awhile.  We were told that it was no problem and they were happy to have us as long as we like.  We were never once rushed or pushed out like at a lot of places just trying to turn tables even though we were there 2-3 hours.  The service was amazing but not to the point where you were harrassed...our drinks were never empty and plates never sat long but it seems we never noticed the waiter coming and going which is awesome.  We took our time with drinks, appetizers, and dinner and all were timed perfectly and served when we were ready.  The food was amazing as well!  I had the escargot and the bone-in ribeye which was the best steak I have ever had!  I have had a lot of steaks from so called steakhouses and top recommended restaurants, this is definitely tops!  My wife had the lobster bisque and king crab legs which were also absolutely delicious.  The prices are higher, but it goes directly with the service and quality of food and I have no problem paying for what we got.  We will definitely go back...now if we could only catch Emeril there!
4	Given the high price point of the steakhouse, it would have taken a much better steak to justify a five-star rating. I had the bone-in ribeye, which was solid and my date had a petite filet, which was also solid -- but nothing fantastic. The salads were also fairly good, and the creamed corn was amazing. We were too stuffed for dessert, but all in all, a good meal.
4	Delmonico Steakhouse is at the Venetian.After the Venetian lost my luggage last summer (see my Venetian reviews for the entire story) I swore I wouldn't step foot in the Venetian. It pains me to admit this, but I stepped foot in the Venetian during my most recent Vegas trip :(  Just to clarify, this was NOT by choice, but by circumstance. Me, my boyfriend, and 2 other couples wanted to do a nice dinner. Long story short, one of the other couples raved about this restaurant and made dinner reservations for all of us. With that being said, this steakhouse blew me away. It was surprisingly really good.  **APPETIZERS: I had the French Onion Soup and my boyfriend had a salad. The appetizers were so-so. We definitely could've have done without ordering them since our entrees and sides were filling.**ENTREES: My boyfriend and I each ordered the Bone in Ribeye. Had we known how HUGE they were, we would've just ordered one and shared. I was surprised at how good my steak was. I wanted to pull a "Fred Flinstone" and pick up the steak with my hands and gnaw on the entire thing.  My steak was prepared well, seasoned well, and tasted delicious. Even with all that deliciousness there was just so much meat that neither of us finished our steaks. **SIDES: We had the Creamed Corn Gratin & Potato Gratin. Both of which were creamy and delicious.  The service was fine, the ambiance was nice, the steak and sides were fantastic. I'm just annoyed that this restaurant is located in the Venetian -_-
5	My wife and I had dinner at Delmonico on Thursday 6-6-2013.  Every person that works there, that we encountered, was 100% professional and took great care of us.  The restaurant is very quiet, you can actually have a good conversation and hear every word said.I ordered the Petite Iceberg Lettuce Salad.  It includes Wisconsin Buttermilk Blue Cheese.  This is one of the best salads I've ever had.  I then had the Bone In New York Steak.  It was excellent.  I had, for dessert, a chocolate cake that was top notch.I rate the New York steak a great buy for the price you pay.  I rate this place as an excellent place to treat yourself to an excellent meal with superb service.  Tip the staff at least 20%....they deserve it.
5	I have had the best meal of MY LIFE, on 3 separate occasions at Emeril Lagasse's Delmonicos.  I loved how I have never been let down when I have gone there.  I really enjoy steak, and his bone-in ribeye was the best I have EVER had - the crust on the medium-rare perfection was amazing.  That being said, I expect a great steak at any steakhouse I go to, so that's not enough to make this my best meal ever.  However, the sides and dessert we equally amazing! The creamed spinach is unlike any other I've ever had, the mushroom were succulent, and the football sized baked potato really hit the spot.  The service was great, the ambiance is perfect, and the chairs and tables are very comfortable.I wish I could come here more often.  Every time I plan a vegas trip, the sure bet is that I will be here.  I loved it, and I think you would too.
4	Very good, excellent sides, tasty food.
5	Went here for lunch while in Las vegas on June 4, 2013.  Fabulous service, definitely a first class place.  My girlfriend and I started with the caesar salad which was just wonderful, great flavor and presentation.  We then both went with the steak sandwich with truffle oil fries.  The steak sandwich though not huge was extremely delicious and I mean EXTREMELY delicious.  Everything that went into it was perfect, the spinach, the mushrooms, the grilled chibata, the horseradish mayo, and the wonderful juicy perfectly cooked steak.  It is a bit pricey at $18, but definitely worth the price in my opinion.  The fries weren't anything special and were a bit over cooked.  The setting was nice, but the restaurant was empty and all the guests dining were confined to the front dining room.  Overall great meal, and I will be a repeat customer when back in town.
5	If you're lost you can look - and you will find meTime after timeIf you fall I will catch you - I'll be waitingTime after time at...DELMONICO! - Michelle Chamuel (time after time cover)The best way to satisfy a girl (at least food-wise LOL) has got to be a nice juicy piece of steak. Located next to the Blue Man group theatre at the Venetian, this place was packed on a Saturday night and for good reason. From reading all the other reviews, there really wasn't any other choice to be made than to order the bone-in ribeye. We both ordered that except I got mines with foie gras since I miss it sooo much (california ban no bueno). I understand how fattening it is, especially with a steak, but its Vegas and she looked so effing hot and I told myself, NIKE! (just do it!) I got mines medium rare like the pros and it came out just as I had hoped - not overcooked, although there were small parts where I questioned if it was too rare for me! I mean my whole mentality that night before we met up with my friends at Hakkasan ft. Calvin Harris was #yolo! so I figured it WHY NOT? To my very surprise, I managed to finish ~85% of the huge piece of steak, which was quite an accomplishment for myself. The meal itself was exquisite, with service being impeccable, and a prefix to one amazing night.
2	I did an all Venetian restaurant tour on my most recent Vegas trip.  I had dinner here the second night of my stay.We ordered the gnocchi w/ black truffles to start ($25).  For my entree I had a bone-in ribeye w/ foie gras ($72 - $52 for the steak & $20 for the foie gras), my friend had the regular ribeye ($48), and on the side we had haricot vert almondine ($11) & fingerling potatoes ($12).  The gnocchi was very good.  It had a nice crisp and the truffles accented the taste of the potatoes in the gnocchi very well:  4 Stars.  Unfortunately, the steak was not very good.  It was fatty, chewy in some spots and not that flavorful.  The waiter stated that Delmonico's has the best steaks in town.  Sorry, but I have had better steaks at STK and T-Bonz in Summerlin:  2 Stars.  The foie gras was OK.  It was nice to see it on the menu because you can't find it in CA.  However, I was expecting more crisp:  3 Stars.  The haricot vert was just OK too.  The beans were crispy and there were plenty of almonds, but other than that they were nothing to remember:  3 Stars.  Lastly, the fingerling potatoes were too salty, and I am one who generally doesn't notice when dishes are too salty.  The waiter Ken did offer to make a new batch, but the food took a long time to come out and we declined:  2 Stars.To accompany the meal we had a bottle of COS Pithos Rosso 2008 from Sicily ($85). The winery describes the wine as superbly elegant, subtly meaty w/ a cherry fruit nose.  The palate is profound:  Elegant, pure and mineral with lovely spice and earth notes.  Some complexity, and a bit of tannic structure.  OK, perhaps too much self-promotion, but Delmonico has an extensive wine list at many price points.  The wine was excellent and went very well w/ all the dishes:  5 Stars.The ambiance was sterile, but there was a good amount of space between the tables.  Unfortunately, the restrooms were lame.  It was quite a walk, there was no valet and only one stall and one urinal.  I had to wait and after I finished, the line was two deep:  2 Stars.  In addition, the service was not very good.  The entrees came at least 35 min after the first course.  Ken, our waiter never stopped by to check on us and let us know it would take a while.  He did redeem himself by agreeing to take the potatoes off the check.  However, he offered us a complimentary dessert and we chose expressos and my friend asked for sambuca also.  We were charged for the sambuca : XXX. If he didn't take the potatoes off the check, I would have given him 1 Star:  2 Stars.I will not return to Delmonico's the next time I am in Vegas, even though I can walk here from the Venetian where I always stay.  The steak was lousy, the bathroom is lame and the service sucked for an establishment of this caliber.  Word to Emeril:  You need to work on this restaurant - BAM!!!
5	Excellent service and food.  Not inexpensive, but worth the price.  Tender steaks.
5	This was the second time Joe and I had diner at Delmonico's steakhouse located in the Palazzo hotel and it did not disappoint.  We were seated promptly when we arrived, the meal started with a mushroom and creme cheese pastry.  Even though I do not care for either ingredient I finished my whole thing!All dishes were beautifully presented, perfectly seasoned and dressed,and absolutely delicious.  The service here was impeccable. We had multiple servers and they all worked as a team. We never had to ask for anything because they were always on top of it.  Here is an example of the service, Joe was debating between two dessert wines after deciding on one, and they also brought him a sample of the other option.Bam! Great service, great food and great atmosphere!For pictures visit my blog at http://staci.writesthisblog.com/index.php/vegas-trip-delmonico-s-steakhouse/
5	I go to this restaurant every time I go to Vegas, which in my line of work is about 4 times a year. The food and service can't be beat. Now, in a fairness it is one of those she she places where everything is rediculously over priced and gives you that feeling of "do i make enough money to eat here" lol Its all an act and at the end of the day, it really is a fantastic place to eat!
5	Delicious- from the cocktails to the steaks! Apps: We tried the oysters and bbq shrimp (holy yum!). Entrees: Our party of 6 had all steaks (filet, ribeye and bone-in ribeye) which were all cooked to perfection. One ribeye was very fatty but that's to be expected with that cut and the portion size of the steaks is so that there was plenty to be found that was free of fat- seriously, these steaks are HUGE, definitely share-worthy. Sides: Creamed Corn (VERY yum!), Sauteed Mushrooms (yum), Mashed potatoes (how can you go wrong) and a Twice Baked Potato (a little over done on the bottom but still good regardless). We enjoyed the service and the experience overall. Would highly recommend!
5	Dinner was fabulous. The bone in ribeye was perfectly done, the filet was blue as requested, not an easily done prep-and spit on. The grits, as well as the creamed spinach very tasty. The banana cream pie a perfectly yummy dessert for two. Well worth the price.
5	Let's be honest: steakhouses are a dime-a-dozen in Las Vegas. Every which way you look, there's some place that's being advertised as "The Best Steakhouse in Nevada!" or "THE Las Vegas Steakhouse" or "If Elvis Were Alive, He Would Eat Here!"Not all steakhouses are created equal -- Delmonico is proof of that.Situated in between the Palazzo and the Venetian, Delmonico is unassuming from the outside. It looks simple and classy. Once you step inside, however, you realize that comfort is their highest priority. The chairs are deep and made of the most comfortable leather. You won't want to get up when you're finished with your meal. This was our second visit (our first for lunch), and I must say that the service was just as attentive and cordial as they had been the first time. Both of our servers were named Peter (which turned out to be quite humorous when we called out for one and they both came running), and they were extremely pleasant. They had absolutely no problem recommending dishes or letting us know their personal favorites. For my appetizer, I had the heirloom tomato salad. The tomatoes were ripe, juicy, and delicious. The accompanying cheese was a perfect pair to offset the acidity of the tomatoes. Thin slivers of onions covered the perimeter of the plate, which were also very nice.I chose the fillet of beef medallions for my entree, and I was impressed with how absolutely wonderful they were. About a half-dollar in diameter and an inch tall, they were perfectly cooked, not to mention topped in Parmesan cheese and drizzled with homemade Worcestershire sauce. Delmonico doesn't need to be one of those places that wears people out with advertising. They know how good they are, and they aren't afraid to knock your socks off. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a relaxing way to enjoy an evening with good people and great food.
4	Typical day in Vegas couldn't decide where to eat (too many choices). Decided to go to Delmonico Steakhouse in the Venetian. Service was pretty prompt as usual with this place. We ordered the Caesar Salad that was prepared table side, I believe I ordered a  bone in rib-eye and my girlfriend ordered the salmon. All of the food was prepared well and service was perfection. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to my friends and family.
3	Had dinner on 6/26/13. This was the second time my wife and I dined at Delmonico Steakhouse. The 1st time I ordered the bone-in-ribeye and was disappointed because it had some gristle and was underwhelming to say the least. On this trip, the wife had the organic baby mixed greens salad and the Filet while I had the shrimp cocktail and once again the bone-in-ribeye. We also shared an order of asparagus.The Filet was good - tender and nicely seasoned. My ribeye was disappointing, however. It was not very tender and didn't have much flavor for being dry-aged 2-3 weeks as per our waiter.The service and atmosphere are on par with most of the other high-end steakhouses in Vegas, but the steaks are not as good as those we have had at Craftsteak, Cut, N9ne, Stripsteak, Prime, or even STK. Does not deserve more than 3 stars IMO and even though it wasn't bad, it is not good enough for us to return especially with all the other choices in town.
3	"Everything taste good except for the steak and foie gas~ seriously, not even outback quality. Lobster bisque and pecan pie saved the day.. Don't come if u want decent steak. Like Gordon's steakhouse, this place is overrated~~~" I am giving 3 starts just because of the amazing lobster bisque  and the surprisingly good pecan pie. Also, the service is too good to deserve a two star. Me and my friend paid 80d/person to eat here and we didn't get the expected experience. I know we all expected vegas to be overpriced but I would rather pay for some other restaurant that would worth it.
4	Delmonico is a terrific steakhouse, with great food and ambiance. We are from NY and have been to a lot of top notch steakhouses, so were really impressed by this restaurant.  Tom Baker made it even more memorable, great maitre d/waiter! I highly recommended Emeril's BBQ salmon and the bone-in fillet.  The real surprise were the truffle and parmesan potato chips - delicious!
5	One of the BEST steak houses in Vegas, no need to go anywhere else.I am the biggest mastros fan in Los Angeles, and in Las Vegas.  If you feel like the special rub, cooked to perfection steak... this is the place.  My filet was cooked to perfection.  It would come off the fork and knife like butter.The juices running down the plate, the char on the steak glowing in my face. For fans of rib eye, this is the place (get the bone in) I know you may not want to do the work, but its fantastic.  For the filet eaters like me, this is the place.The tableside caesar was perfect.  The dressing was spot on, with anchovies (if requested) just the right amount of cheese, and other ingredients.  Its a do it.I stayed away from the potatoes, but had the creamed corn and spinach and good grief, the night kept getting better and better.The gran finale, was the biggest piece of banana cream pie I have ever had.This is no ordinary banana cream pie.  This is over 5 layers of pure banana pieces baked with the best crust and cream you have ever had in your life.Even if you decide to dine somewhere else (which I disagree with) go for the dessert.You will leave Las Vegas with a smile on your face, ready to gamble and hit the night  on the town.
5	Incredible,  we had 10 people and the staff killed it with their service.  The food was amazing.  The steaks were perfect, the sides delicious and great desserts.  After having a terrible meal at craft this was one of the best meals I've ever had.  Thanks Delmonico's!
5	Steak! My first trip to Vegas was this past summer with a group of friends. We ate here one night and it's the best steak I have every had in my life. I started with the lobster bisque and for dinner had the boneless ribeye medium rare with a bunch of different sides for the table, no room for desert though. Also two of my friends ordered the Caesar Salad which they make table side (for two people).  Lobster bisque... very very tasty and rich. If you don't like rich foods then you should not order this. It also has nice size chunks of lobster in it. Boneless ribeye, medium rare...Amazing. It was cooked to perfection, just the way medium rare should be. It was well cooked and well seasoned, there's no need to dip it in ketchup or steak sauce. It was a pretty decent size cut of meat too, I can't remember the ounces but I left stuffed. Caesar salad...I'm not a fan of rabbit food but watching the person make it table side it looked really good. In a matter of about 5-8 minutes he made two servings of what I was told was the best Caesar salad ever,At this restaurant, the steak doesn't come with anything, you have to order the sides separately, I think we ordered asparagus, wild sauteed wild mushrooms and twice baked potato. All was cooked to perfection. The Service...it was the outstanding. There are three people per table, so you are always attended to and the waiter is well versed in the menu and the drinks. I wasn't too sure what I wanted so I asked him for a recommendation and he asked me a few questions and based on those answers brought a drink out, which was good. I can't remember the name but it was good. I think it had 3 different kinds of liquor in it but it didn't taste like it at all, not overwhelming, good blend, good bartender. It is expensive but well worth the money. The food, the service, the atmosphere and best of all since it is Vegas no need to really dress up, my kind of place. Definitely have to go there again when I go back during Christmas.
4	They have the absolute best lobster bisque I've EVER had.  I would eat here again just for this.  The banana pie was amazing as well.  We had about half the sides and appetizers at the table and these were all great too.Sadly, our steak came out way too raw.  We asked for medium and it was seriously raw inside.  Restaurant was great with the error though, even the manager came over to us and made sure we didn't want anything else or a new steak after we told our waiter we were ok and didn't really need a replacement (we were pretty full and were just going to split the original steak).  We were not charged for the steak.I would eat here again.
4	We ate a very quiet lunch at Delmonico's on a Monday afternoon -- just a handful of other tables at 1:00 pm.  I love going to steak houses at lunch - - you usually get a great meal at a reasonable price.I had the deconstructed steak salad -- delicious.  Medium rare with blue cheese.  Yum.  Hub's had the Lobster Sliders -- divine. We each had a glass of wine, so it was an $80 lunch, with tip.Service was spotty.  The assistant waiter was great, but our lead waiter was very distracted and barely attended the table.  When asked about simple wine questions (what blend was the Emeril Red), had to defer to the FoH manager.Will go back -- love Delmonico's here & in NOLA.  I've never been disappointed at any restaurant run by Emeril.
5	Great experience. I enjoyed the filet and caesar salad! My steak was cooked to PERFECTION! The service was top notch! I will definitely return! One of my favorite steak houses in Las Vegas!!
2	Service was great but being a steakhouse, I would have expected a lot better steaks! Table ordered 1 filet, 3 ribeyes and a New York - meat lacked seasoning, dry and 3 of the 5 were overcooked! Side dishes were okay. Best thing was the wedge salad! Definitely not a place I would return!
1	Didn't like the steak there . I ask for medium rare but it was wel done and cold . I am not going back there agian .
4	Pricey, but worth it. I tried the pan roasted salmon with sweet corn &  crab vinaigrette and fresh basil- of coarse with mashed potatoes :), the Cesar salad and a shared Apple Fritter desert with pecan pie.
5	Second time I have been here. The strip steak here goes down as the best steak overall I have ever had. God the creamed corn is heavenly as well. This place is not afraid of butter, yay! Will be back
5	***This review is only for the cocktails in the lounge***Whether you spell it "whiskey" or "whisky", Carol W and I have been long time lovers of this brown spirit in all of its forms.  Therefore, it was a logical imperative that we check out Delmonico Steakhouse and its vaunted whiskey collection.  We got there around 9:30 on a Thursday night and the place was largely empty as the restaurant was nearing the end of its service for the night.  As a side mission, we wanted to also check out the much-mentioned "secret" menu of whiskey-based cocktails created and crafted by Delmonico's lead barman, Max Solano.  Max possesses encyclopedic knowledge of whiskey and is personable and passionate about what he does and if he isn't busy, is very willing to impart some of his knowledge discussing the finer points of whiskey and his whiskey program.  As the curator of Delmonico's whiskey collection, he's assembled the most comprehensive lineup of whiskeys I've ever seen to include hundreds of ultra high quality, hard to find, or never heard of before brands from around the world.  As a personal aside, did they have Pappy Van Winkle?  Yes, of course,...the ENTIRE frickin' Pappy product line and it was on the shelf, not out of stock like so many other places that have it listed on their menu!  I was so tempted to get the Pappy whiskey flight, but on this visit, I was even more intrigued by the secret menu of cocktails.  Delmonico has a standard (but very intriguing looking) cocktail menu consisting of classics and originals that all of the bartenders can prepare.  However, only Max knows how to craft the secret menu cocktails.  I had the Don's Orders made with Templeton Rye and the Smoked Bluff made with Glenmorangie 12 yr. and both were complex, boozy with subtle sweetness, yet completely balanced.  Simply put, Max's secret menu cocktails were hands down the best treatment of whiskey in a cocktail form that I've yet consumed.  If you love whiskey, then the Delmonico Steakhouse is a must!  The next time for us?  We may even get around to trying the food!
2	very disappointed. my steak was burnt and it wasn't great.
4	Came on a Tuesday night there were no line and lots of empty tables.  Service was good 4-5 people cater us the whole night.  I love the bone in ribeye medium rare,  and the fried chips are a must but make sure have them make it with no salt, the cheese flakes they put on top is already salty. Price is high since its inside casino thats the only reason I gave one less than perfect.
5	The food in this restaurant was excellent.  We went with a large group.  They did not rush us.
2	So you stake your claim on your Rib Eye eh? I ordered mine medium-rare, au poivre and it came out medium. The peppercorns added nothing, and I kept waiting for more flavor with every bite.There was a group of 12 of us split into 2 6-top tables. Even though we ordered first, they got their meals before us.The sides were nothing interesting. This is just another expensive Vegas restaurant where you pay for pretentiousness.
3	This review is actually an average of two visits. First visit was back in January of 2013. My friends and I decided to have dinner at delmonicos to spoil ourselves. We were in Vegas for the CES convention so the place was pretty crowded. We had to make reservations in advanced just to make sure we got a table.  So what did we get? Bone-in Rib Eye. It was delicious. It was tender. It was juicy. It was pretty much the best steak I've had so far in my short life. The flavors were amazing and the seasoning was just right.. Then came dessert. I do believe my boyfriend and I had a cheesecake. It was so rich in flavor. While my friends, they had banana cream pies and one had bread pudding. Needless to say, we were very happy. The price was definitely worth it.Service: N/AFood: A+++++ However, our second visit in August 2013, everything wasn't what we remembered it to be. The steaks were disgustingly different. They were dry. They were rough. I ordered a medium rare and it came out medium. It was NOT tender. It took a lot more effort to chew than it should for something that's $52. There were NO flavor in it and the seasoning was quite lacking.What the f*ck happened?!?!!!??!!! The steaks tasted like they were fresh steaks versus the dry aged ones that they advertised. THEIR SERVICE IS FANTASTIC AND IMPECCABLE. We had brought up the issue with one of the servers and the manager of the location, Doug, took care of us. My friend's steak, and so was mine, was done three times to see if we were happy with the results. My friend's steak was pretty much rare when she ordered medium rare so they tried to correct that for her. They took the steaks off the check and gave us complimentary desserts. Even though they tried to correct my steak and even though they had amazing service, I'm not sure if their quality control is at work anymore. The quality was a good 180. The piece of meat they gave me was comparable to a $20 steak from Outback or any other random cheap joint versus the $52 price tag. It could be a bad batch, it could be quality control, but I'm not sure if I'd return to the location.Service: A+++++Food: F
4	Always on the hunt for the perfect steakhouse I took up some Yelp recommendations and gave this place a try. We were a party of 6 and truth be told we were running on fumes from the prior evenings festivities (how strange...in vegas??) so this review is based on our less than average appetites. Although we did order a lot more than we could manage to eat.Their most popular steak is probably the bone in rib-eye and it's a whopping 16 ounces (without bone)...quite hefty and although the steak was cooked to perfection it was definitely under seasoned. It also seemed mine had a bit more fat than usual which is as we know is where all the flavour is but it seemed perhaps a bit too much. All the sides were awesome and their meant to be shared family style... definitely try the garlic mushrooms!Service was top notch...not in your face but always there making sure your wine is topped off and full of suggestions when you need.I've been to STK in Vegas and if you're looking for the more swank place you might want to hit that up but for a more authentic steakhouse experience I'd definitely recommend Delmonico...
5	Had the ribeye bone-in with foie gras on top. The best steak of my life.
5	I don't know if my review is biased because of how horrible Del Frisco's in Vegas has been, but I really enjoyed my bone in ribeye.  It was cooked perfectly, and the sides were excellent.  Not much more you can ask for from a steakhouse!
4	On our stay at the Venetian, we decided to try this steak house one night.I had the ribeye and my wife went for the filet mignon. Both steaks were absolutely delicious and cooked to perfection. The server was extremely knowledgeable about the menu .For the desert we opted to share the bread pudding,and I have to say it is one of the best I have ever eaten.Very good experience overall!
5	Great service and the best cooked steaks my wife and I have had in the US. The cocktails and sides are also delicious. Pricey but worth it
5	Celebrated my daughter's birthday here as it was her desire to dine here again, and everything was fabulous! My daughter & my husband shared the Chateaubriand with asparagus & mashed potatoes, and I ordered the Filet Mignon Au Poivre which was wonderful... Starters equalled Lobster Bisque & Butternut Squash Ravioli which were excellent as well... Impeccable service & the highest Quality food & preparation were greatly appreciated for a special occasion for our family! Thank you for a memorable evening!Banana Cream Pie for Bday dessert was ridiculously great & enough for many to share!
5	Hands down the best steak I've ever had. What an absolutely memorable experience from start to finish and a complete slam dunk on the three foodie tenets: food, service and ambiance. Our waiter, Frank, was friendly, hilarious and beyond helpful. His recommendations just simply rocked. The ambiance was spacious, open, modern and comfortably cozy - the dining area is huge and perfect for large group dinners. We stayed at the Palazzo so it was a convenient location to head to since its in the heart of the Venetian. Now here are the juicy deets on the food: 1. Tomato Bisque soup with a dollop of cream: OH MY GOODNESS. So creamy and absolutely delicious2. Filet of beef medallions: The juiciest and most tender pieces of beef you'll ever find topped with mushrooms & bread crumbs, apple bacon, parmesan cheese and a special home made sauce *insert tears of happiness* 3. Delmonico's prime hamburger: Oh my oh my. Served on a toasted brioche roll with cheddar cheese and bacon and accompanied by a bed of fries... this burger is unlike your average joe one. It's hearty, juicy, tender and foodgasmic. Do yourselves a major favor and include this as one of your entrees. 4. Emeril's banana cream pie: After all of the steak and appetizers, my stomach was literally about to burst from fullness. However, at the taste of this pie, I was somehow able to stretch my pants to new heights and devour the whole pie. Thank goodness my bf and I ordered our own desserts because he just wouldn't have gotten any otherwise. 5. The pinot noir I ordered was the perfect complement to all of the above, taking my palette to new extremes. Unfortunately, I can't remember the name, but I do remember that it was from Sonoma and I ordered it by the glass. We also had the lobster bisque and the BBQ shrimp as appetizers. While they were phenomenal as well, they were a mere 5 stars in comparison to the 6-7 star dishes above. So basically, you can't lose by ordering anything at Delmonico's. Happy Eating, Yelpers!
4	i stumbled apon this place my first trip to vegas and been coming back ever since. u can always count on getting a very good meal with some great service.
5	Long overdue review! Went back in July...and swore to myself I needed to give the place kudos because we had such a lovely experience. The food was delicious...and yes, it's a steakhouse, but I'd go back just for the banana cream pie. Oh...how I long for that pie. Anyway...the standout though has got to be the service. When our steaks came, I was disappointed to see that my steak had been overcooked - but it was clearly a busy night (and it looked like they had some crazy difficult customers that night), and I'm not usually one to complain, so I figured it still tasted good, and said nothing. But the manager, Ken, was nearby, and must've seen me sort of picking and inspecting my food, and he came by to make sure things were okay. I said they were fine, but he insisted on checking it out for me -- and in the end, even though I had already taken a few bites, he brought me a whole new steak and made sure it was cooked the way I liked before he left us to dine. That is fantastic service. Food was delicious, foie gras was heavenly (damn you California for banning it!), and the service top notch.
5	The Ben:  This is my steakhouse when I'm in Las Vegas. Why?  Well, I usually stay in the Palazzo, but they have some pretty amazing steaks.  They start you off with these fresh out of the oven dinner rolls that you can never get enough of, but watch out that you don't fill up on it.  The steaks are worth skipping some bread for.  I always go with the aged prime ribeye on the bone.   It never disappoints and this time since there is a ban of foie gras in Cali I opted to try it for the first time as a topper.  Please don't mock me for never trying the foie, well I can you can, but as a Yelper/foodie I had to try it for my street cred.  I thought it was okay, I just I'm not as much as a foodie as everybody else.  It was just some extra fat for my steak.  I would recommend the banana cream pie for dessert, it was amazing!  Bravo!The Bad:  Only thing I would say it that you will be having a slow dinner.  I think we were there for a few hours.The Ben:  Get the ribeye, pie and prepare for they long night of eating.
2	Went to Emril's Delmonico last night for dinner and to sum up the experience was grossly underwhelmed from start to finish.Atmosphere: the general atmosphere and ambiance is exactly what you'd expect from a fine-dining Casino restaurant. Clean and well-kept. Service: The service was generally pretty good from the two support staff assisting our primary server. Our main server, however, was quite underwhelming to say the least. It was apparent from the moment he greeted us that he wasn't enthused to have a 2 top sit down (at a table for 2 no less). I mentioned to the server that I was interested in an appetizer to share, but didn't want something so large as to prevent me from fully enjoying the steak I had decided on. He ignored my question for a suggestion. I've never had that happen, anywhere, let alone a fine-dining establishment. The worst part, however, came to the bill. To set the stage, we were seated adjacent to two other 2-top tables, one of which was behind us in the meal progression, the other who was ahead of us. Several moments after our dessert and after dinner-drinks were dropped off, our bill was placed on our table with the statement "I'll take this as soon as you are ready." Interesting . . . I looked at the table next to us, who had already finished dessert and they did not have their bill yet. And on top of that, he failed to ask us if we wanted anything else, which had he asked, he would have realized that my wife would have liked more hot water for her tea. My wife was also thoroughly irritated with the fact that the bill was explicitly placed within my reach, and not hers. She made it a point to the server that she was the one who wished to pay.Food: We were both completely and 100% underwhelmed with everything we ordered. I had the "house special" which was a dry aged, bone-in ribeye, reportedly seasoned with Emril's Essence. It was a good steak. Not great by any means, and most certainly not worth the $52 price tag. The flavor was mediocre (surprising since its purportedly dry-aged), and the cook highly inconsistent. It was ordered medium rare, and parts were rare, others were medium. Very disappointing and suggestive of an amateur grill chef. I'm quite content to pay that much and far more for a good steak, however, I expect to get what I pay for, and this was most certainly not it. I've had far superior steaks for less than 1/2 that price.  My wife ordered the snapper, and it was so overcooked that it was mostly inedible. Also had the mushroom side, which was generally pretty good.The dessert, however, was quite good. The banana creme pie.Perhaps we went on an off night, however, this experience coupled with the abundance of other restaurants on the strip, is enough for me to never return.
4	The prime rib was excellent and, to literally top it off, I ordered foie gras to complement the fantastic steak. Great ambience, great service, overall a great dining experience.
4	Pros:1. Was at a chefs table overlooking the kitchen shielded though2. Excellent all around for 6 people3. Excellent service, our famous chef and two servers4. It was fun for all5 Love the black grilled carrots, very tasty said from the amazon jungle6. I could have rated it 4 1/2 stars, I really enjoyed the evening at LAS7. Deserts were off the chart, an indulgence for allCons:1. Lamb from Colorado was OK, not great it was medium cooked, so it was a little chewy since I prefer medium rare.2. Really none I recommend it highly. Damage was reasonable, we will be back!
5	Our 1st time to Vegas and my husband loves Emeril, so we went with 3 other people.  Our waiter Ryan was just amazing!  Our food was divine!  We had such a good experience, when we go to Vegas we will definitely come here again.  I would recommend it to anyone!  Key Lime pie was so good!  We all liked the banana cream pie as well.  My Filet was to doe for.
5	Appetizer: Ahi!Entree: Bone-in ribeye!Really recommend this place if you want something decent in Vegas.
5	Impeccable service, amazing food, & super easy accessibility when staying at The Palazzo means 5 stars all the way in my book.But the FOOOOOOD alone deserves 5 stars:Tuna & Salmon Tartare - very fresh tuna & salmon tartare, each delicately seasoned, with a bit of wasabi sauce & seaweed salad in between.  A lightly dressed cucumber and red onion salad with the tiniest seasame seeds sprinkled on top added a nice vinegary element.  And crunchy wonton chips were perfect to scoop up everything with.  Great texture & flavor!Bone In Ribeye - a seared perfectly, served medium rare, herb butter topped, giant steak.  Classic.  Awesome.Applewood Smoked Double Cut Kurobuta Ham Chop - I'm not a big fan of pork so if I say that I loved this, it's a BIG deal.  This double cut chop had seared, caramelized, fatty edges, and was perfectly seasoned.  This was THE juiciest pork chop I've ever had.  Served with pecan-topped, candied sweet potatoes that are a MUST eat with the chop, & a cider reduction.  The combination of savory, sweet, buttery, meaty, pecan-y, brown sugary, and slightly hammy flavors together were amazing.  Emeril knows his pork!Wild Mushrooms - a generous mess of delicious mixed mushrooms.  Yes.Banana Cream Pie - a ridiculously impressive-looking presentation, crazy tall!  Thin & slightly salty crispy graham crust, tons of freshly sliced bananas, able to reach such heights because the pudding was more cheesecake-y texture & acted as banana mortar.  Topped with fresh whipped cream, a drizzle of caramel, & a few chocolate shavings.  You'd have to be crazy to attempt to eat this alone!This was definitely a dinner to remember, and that ham chop is something to spread the word about.  Get it!
5	Been here a couple times, the last one for my birthday in September. Quality and service were phenomenal as always. Ordered the filet mignon with foie gras, mashed potatoes, and their bread pudding. My man ordered the salmon and it was delicious. My friends were very happy with their dishes as well. Even got a complimentary bottle of wine (though I think that was a mistake on their part. Oops!). Needless to say, I'm a fan and will go back whenever I'm in town.
5	Absolutely fantastic service, atmosphere, and food. We started with the tuna tartare and cheese plate and then shared the bone in ribeye. The staff was perfect - they doggy-bagged the cheese we couldn't finish and happily cut our steak in two. Our sides were mashed potatoes and asparagus...delicious. The kicker was the mark up on the Chianti we ordered was very reasonable, particularly for a restaurant of this price range.We were in LV for five nights and this meal/restaurant won hands down.
5	This has to be one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. Been there many times and each time it is fantastic.The food is really excellent. Some of the best steaks you will ever have. There has been nothing ive had here that has been short of excellent. Its traditional, with a hint of cajon for some little extra spice and flavor.Some of the best service of anywhere in Vegas. I always love when the food is served to the entire table at one.If I am in the mood for steak, I would pick Delmonico. Emril knows what he is doing with this one.
2	I'm soooo bummed! Wanted to love this place! Brought my hubby based on the reviews. Lobster bisque....amaze balls! Scallops......sooo salty they were not edible. Filet was raw even though I ordered it medium. Manager was so sorry that they comped the scallops, comped dessert, and comped a salad. Our whole meal was basically wrong or ruined. I'm glad they comped, but still.......umm probably won't be back. Bummer :(
2	Wasn't able to secure a last minute reservation at Craftsteak (which I love by the way) while in Vegas so I reluctantly went w/ Delmonico.Service was good, as expected, but not as warm as I'd like--you know the feeling you get when you can joke around with your server and have that "rapport", I never really clicked w/ the service.  Whatever the case that shouldn't matter because I was there for the RIB EYE!!!Disappointing... hardly marbled... flavorful yes, but tough enough where I couldn't enjoy every bite.  My pallet favors texture over flavor and although my wife felt the steaks were flavorful, in my opinion the toughness completely buries any goodness from the flavor.What really lowers the score for Delmonico is the sheer fact that it's surrounded by so many other steak houses, I mean it's Vegas after all!! Because of this, I don't see myself EVER coming back
5	Omg if you want a really big, soft, juicy steak seasoned and cooked perfectly you have got to come here! My gf and I both got what they are known for which is their bone in rib eye. Just a heads up though, only get this is you are starving because this piece of meat is HUGE! I swear it must've been a 12oz! I almost forgot to mention that we also had the lobster bisque and this was also delicious! Words cannot describe how good the food is here, even the service is awesome! If you are starving and craving for some really good food you HAVE to try this place! The only downfall is their chairs don't have wheels on them so you can't be rolled out!
3	I love Delmonico's, I really do.  But this past weekend, it just didn't measure up.  I should have gone with my gut and given CUT a try.  We started with drinks in the bar, which was fine.  Our table for seven was ready on time, which is always nice.  Unfortunately, our service was super average compared to what I've had in the past at Delmonico's and at other comparable high end steakhouses.  My husband and I shared a salad for an appetizer.  We let the server know this when we ordered and in the past, we've had this served on two separate plates in lieu of having to divide the salad at the table.  Unfortunately, we were given to salad plates and told we could split it ourselves.  I love a good filet, and unfortunately, my filet was very average.  It was cooked to my liking, medium rare, but it was served relatively cool, which made me think that our food was sitting for a while before it was served.  My mom ordered seared ahi tuna which was served completely cold.  The outer edges were completely cooled after the searing, which again, tells me that our food sat out for a while.  My husband and my brother both ordered bone-in rib-eyes.  When the food was served, they brought one rib-eye that had been split in two.  The server went back to the kitchen and they realized they made a mistake and brought out the other rib-eye, while using tongs to take the half from my husband's plate and added it to my brother's plate.  Rookie move, seriously.My family doesn't eat a ton of cards, so for sides we ordered two servings of the mushrooms, broccoli, and corn for my niece.  The server kept pushing for us to order a starch, which we insisted we didn't want- very bizarre, it's not like we weren't running up a pretty hefty tab.It was my mom's birthday and I really thought Delmonico's would come through with an excellent experience.  The food was okay overall, but I really can't say that this meal met my expectations or anyone at our tables' expectations.  I've been to many Emeril restaurants, maybe they went through a recent management change??  I don't know, I wish I could explain the extremely average experience.
4	I am of cajun decent and HAD to try Emeril's gumbo.  It wasn't "mom's", but it was excellent gumbo for Las Vegas.  It was a darker roux and rich.Everyone had steaks which were perfectly cooked and had an amazing, salty, flavorful seasoning.  The Lobster Bisque was one of the top bisque's we've ever tried!Also had to try banana's foster which we highly recommend!
3	Had the lobster bisque and NY Strip.  Bisque was decent but nothing special and the steak was just above average.  Under cooked slightly as well which is surprising from a steakhouse.
2	How can you screw up on Boned in New York twice? Come to Delmonico's.  Medium means Well Done.  No pink what so ever.  And they even cooked two steaks. Is your steak fine? After all your friends have eaten? Yes.  It's fine because I don't want to wait around for you to screw up anymore.  Only saving grace was the bourbon.  Basically, screwed up on steak.  Luke warm coffee.  Oh hell, might be a bad night, but my five other friends had good dinners.  Didn't want to bitch and spoil their evening.
3	My rating is based on my personal preference of how a steak should be cooked. I don't like it charred so to me their steaks were just okay. I've had better = Mastros! Still my #1 in Orange County. Their lobster bisque was yummy. Large lobster chunks!
5	Impeccable service and outstanding steaks!  But then again what do you expect it's Emeril and Las Vegas!
5	Delicious steak house! I will recommend you make reservations and come with a healthy appetite! This place is top notch. The decor is romantic and comfortable. I would definitely tell you truffle lovers to order the truffled potato chips. I promise they won't disappoint. In regards to the meat, it's comparable to any wonderful steakhouse I've ever been to. The service was phenomenal. This is a place I will definitely be returning to, it's a gem on the strip !
4	Having eaten here now a handful of times, I felt it was time to finally leave a review (not that they need it, based on their stars.) That having been said, it's really hard to go wrong with a steak here! The NY strip is huge, delicious, and, in my experience, cooked to perfection. The sides, while pretty standard fare, are quite good. I find the creamed spinach and mushrooms to be particularly noteworthy, while the asparagus was uninspired. The value is reasonable, in spite of the fairly high price, so no complaints there. With the number of great options in the Venetian/Palazzo, let alone in Las Vegas in its entirety, it can be hard to stand out, but Delmonico Steakhouse manages to do so.
4	Wow, what can I say that hasn't been mentioned here yet.  The food was good the service was great.  We were pushing the service a little so we could get to Rock of Ages in time so we couldn't enjoy the ambiance as much as we liked.  This is one of the top 3 steakhouses in Las Vegas in my book.  JW and Craft are the other 2 on the list.
5	Best steakhouse we've been to yet. Our wine pairing was on point. Absolutely excellent service, highly recommend!
5	Quite possibly, the best steak I ever had.  Went here with my wife and made sure I had reservations.  We were seated promptly upon arrival.  The rolls were delicious, as they are in all of Emeril's restaurants.  Ordered the Lobster Bisque soup, which was incredible.  The large pieces of lobster inside the soup just made it all that much better.  I ordered the bone-in ribeye and my wife ordered the filet.  Both steaks were cooked perfectly and were extremely tender.  We also enjoyed the twice baked potato with our meal.  For dessert, we had to have the Banana Cream Pie.  It was absolutely fabulous.  It had chocolate shavings drizzled on top and caramel sauce on the plate.  This is not your ordinary piece of pie.  It was absolutely heaven.  We had a fantastic meal, just like we have at Emeril's other restaurants.  The service was excellent and the staff was very friendly.
3	Disappointing. The positives: top notch staff and service. They were knowledgeable, prompt and friendly. From the bartender who gave me a great suggestion for my Cabernet to our waiter who was very attentive.  Downside: completely bland decor. I'm used to steakhouses having a great classic feel that welcomes you in. This place was drab, and nothing special. As for our steaks, they were just ok; we expected much more. The heirloom tomatoes and burrata were a nice starter. But our overall experience was of a place we'd not return to. When you pay over $40 for a steak, it should be delicious.
4	I was able to sample many menu items on my first and only visit to Delmonico's to date.   The things I loved were the Parmesan chip appetizer, the caesar salad, the soft shell crab and the BBQ shrimp app.  The Caesar salad was probably the best I've ever had.  The chips were thin cut and perfectly crispy.  The BBQ shrimps were cooked just right and the bbq sauce was mild and great for the shrimp.  The crab was excellent - perfectly cooked and had great flavor. I also tried the NY strip, it was cooked correctly and had a nice crust.  It was not the best steak I've ever had, but you can tell it was done with care and quality.  The appetizers were very good because each one had something that made it special...I would like to see that with the steaks as well.  I would say the service is what i was most disappointed in.  Not that it was bad, but it just wasn't what you expect from a place of this caliber (and price).
5	Just ate at Delmonico's for dinner tonight. I was really in the mood for a good steak, and this place did not disappoint AT ALL!! The pappardelle mushroom pasta appetizer was not quite as flavorful a dish as I anticipated, but very good none the less. Also had the truffle and Parmesan potato chips, which are a MUST HAVE!!  The Bone in New York Strip was quite possibly the most flavorful steak I have had in a long time if not ever. The Service was spot on and the atmosphere was relaxed. My wife and I visit Vegas once a year and we will be sure to make it to Delmonico's at least once per trip from now on.
1	Went in last night with a party of 5.  Unfortunately the service was really off.  Having dined here a few times with solid results, I was underwhelmed by this meal.  Took about 20 minutes to get the drinks out, was served appetizers with no silverware, soup was barely warm 1st time, 2nd try hot with a skin, mains sat for 15 min on a tray waiting to be served.  Spoke with the manager and he end up taking one of the mains off the bill.  Way to much competition in steakhouses at this price point to risk a repeat of this experience.
5	We had a great meal last night because service was first class. I wouldn't order the bone in ribeye I didn't think it had a good flavor. Steak tartare was delicious and the cream of corn.
3	Thanksgiving dinner with the family,  ok food but better can be had for the price.Going in,  you expect good service ( check), nice atmosphere (check), and good food (mostly check).  At $14 for soups and $62 for a steak ( including $12 for peppercorn sauce).  You get it here.A couple of issues. Delmonico's is branded as a premier Steakhouse priced accordingly.  Nothing about my meal and / or my service deserved a premier rating.  My steak was ok at best.  The Peppercorn sauce lacked any sort of consistency and flavor.  My Wife's turkey was good... but that was expected given day.Service was attentive and not overbearing. They accommodated our kids ( mostly stuck to their Kindles all evening... thank you Amazon!)    but were slow to react to most simple requests ( again, could be thanksgiving though we were there early).Net,  after spending a significant amount on a special dinner... nothing rings special!I expected more and it delivered a sub par experience for a Premier establishment.
3	The food was good.  The service lacked personal service.  There was nothing superior about the food.  Good food nothing extra special or amazing for the price.
5	This is the 3rd time we've been to Delmonico & honestly, it keeps getting better! The service is top notch.  Our servers were on top of everything but not intrusive & the manager, Rene, was friendly  & knowledgeable about all aspects of the restaurant.  For our appetizers, we had oysters on the 1/2 shell, wilted spinach salad & heirloom tomato soup.  All we're yummy.  We've come to realize that splitting a steak between 3 people is the way to go.  In the past, half our steak would go to waste as these steaks are huge!  We split a bone in ribeye and there was still a couple of pieces left over. The reason you get so full is because the sides at Delmonico are out of this world! This time around we had the potatoes au gratin, creamed spinach & creamed corn.  I could make a meal on Delmonico side dishes alone - they're that good!  While they've served up delicious desserts in the past (what? No more bread pudding?), we just didn't have room for dessert this time.  I can't wait until we are back in Vegas again & have the time to stop by this gem of a restaurant.  It's true culinary bliss!
4	The service was wonderful. Lobster bisque was wonderfully creamy and the dinner role melted in my mouth.
5	This is part of my steak house reviews for Las Vegas. Delmonico's is a premier steak place. The staff is top notch and make you feel at home even though it is a high end steak joint. We were there for a bachelor party.  all of us tried varieties of different cuts. The filet and ribeye were phenomenal. The side selection was not as good as some other steak places I've been too, however it was still good. The only drawback and it was a minor one, was we had a vegan with us. His chef's creation was substandard for a place this cutting edge.
4	I have eaten at this restaurant twice. The first meal was memorable and I never forgot it. As a result, I was so excited to go back last week. I had the truffle chips for an appetizer which were good but they didn't fit in with that kind of restaurant. My friend had a shrimp appetizer that was the favorite of the waiter's but we both found it very strange. It was supposed to be something creole and the shrimp was covered with an unattractive brown sauce. Odd.We both had a filet mignon. I ordered mine medium rare. I couldn't finish the last 15% of it because it was rare. Disgusting. It was fine but not worth $50. It came with a  sauce that made it delicious though. Without the sauce it would have been a big disappointment.We ordered a side of double baked potatoes. That was the best part of the meal.We each ordered a dessert. I had the banana cream pie. It was gorgeous but it was all bananas (which I LOVE) but with little cream. It was fine. My friend had the creme brulee and it was delicious.Service was very nice. Overall at $312 I won't be going back simply because it isn't worth the money.
4	Very nice place - especially for a larger party.  We had steaks and they were good and sides were good too.  The service is attentive but not over the top.  Had the 21 year old Balvenie scotch - great and well priced too.  Recommend.
4	At least 4.5 stars. Let me start by staying that I thought this was a great place. The ambiance was fantastic and maybe I enjoyed myself so much because we went here with a group of 18 or so right after my husband and I got married in the Venetian but here's the breakdown. The appitizers were really great, the parmesan chips were thin and had wonderful flavor. We talked about stealing a basket as we left. The bbq shrimp was done perfectly and a great twist. My brother had the soft shell crab and that may have been my favorite thing I had. It was fantastic but I don't have much comparison since that was actually the first time I've had soft shell crab. Nevertheless, it had great flavor and I would order it again. My husband and I split a steak and got the cesear salad. The salad was really nice and fresh. The steak was great, and probably in the top 3 I have ever had. We had a bunch of wine and tried a few different kinds and they were all great. The manager came over and talked to us about the wines and was very informative and nice. The reason why this didn't get 5 stars from me was because for the price, you just expect a little more from the steaks. This was still one of the best dinners I have ever had and I would absolutely go back.
4	One of my favorite dishes is Rack of Lamb.  When I'm traveling for work and see it on the menu, I have to try it.  My bar of measure is Mr. B's in New Orleans French Quarter part of the Brennan family.  Short of flying to Paris to find a fair place to compete against Mr. B's grilled lamb chops, Delmonico's certainly gave Mr. B's a run for its money.I tried Delmonico's without looking at yelp first - in some countries I would be shot for this crime - and not knowing that Delmonico's even existed.  It was after a long day of work and simply being hungry, I walked into the first restaurant that was open without even looking at the menu.  When I was seated and handed the wine list, I knew I had found the right place, almost by divine inspiration.The wine list was more like a wine book, only dedicating the last page to single glass selections.  The rest were bottles only.  This is where I figured out I was in a place worthy of my pallet.  They had 15 different vintages of Caymus Special Reserve.  Most fine dining places maybe have one or two at most.  Of course since the company was paying and no one to split a bottle, I could not in good conscious order a bottle.  I would have been hung by the accounting department.The waiter gave the specials of the day and I of coursed b-lined for the lamb chops like a rabid dog.  When the dish arrived you could smell the fine attention to detail that the chef had prepared.  The Colorado rack of lamb with Roasted Cipollini Onions, Haricot Vert and Brandy Peppercorn Reduction staring back at me was love at first sight. I order my rack of lamb medium rare. Anything else would be blasphemous to the animal who sacrificed itself for my dining pleasure.  The lamb was tender and juicy all the way through.  The vegetables, especially the Cipollini onions soaked in the tender juices of the lamb melted in my mouth.  This was a meal that reminded me why it's so good to be alive.My only regret and no fault to Delomico's is I broke and tried the bread pudding for desert.  Being an Emeril restaurant I figured why not.  Being a bread pudding connoisseur and having such a spectacular experience with the lamb, I had high expectations.  I will be fair and say I was offered the key lime pie instead but I stayed true to course and ordered the bread pudding.Was it bad? No but it was certainly average for the area and if placed in New Orleans, it wouldn't even register on the map.  Delmonico's is marketed as "creole" restaurant and as such looses a star for the poor attempt on their bread pudding.  Will I be back? Absolutely without a doubt! Will I be ordering the bread pudding? No and if have a hankering for bread pudding after your meal at Delmonico's, mosey yourself on down to Gordon Ramsey's Pub and Grill.  Order the spotted dog and you will be in bread pudding heaven.  With that said, Delmoico's is in my top three restaurants of all time in Las Vegas.  If you don't mind spending a pretty penny on dinner and you're a true fan of food, Delmonico's is hands down one of the finest restaurants in Las Vegas.
5	we are a repeat customer-- best service - Thx Tom!!! Best NY steak, Ribeye---unbelievable flavor. Great Kir Royale.  Unbelievable Banana Cream Pie.  This has to be best restaurant in vegas
5	I recently had 2 lunches and dinner at this restaurant. I must say that their Atlantic Salmon on the lunch menu was the bomb!  It comes with corn and crab pieces with the salmon. Ask for medium and your salmon steak would be just perfect! Their lobster brisk soup is also delicious. However, it is on the pricier side. I believe about $11 at lunch time for the soup and $14 at dinner time.  I also had their salad for lunch... I forgot the name but it's the one with arugula, spinach and 3-4 different chunks of cheeses. It was delicious!! For dinner I had the bone-in aged ribeye, foie gras appetizer, cream corn, and the mixed green salad.The appetizer foie gras when it was first served was over cooked and dry. Also, the brioche breads served with the foie gras had peanut butter sauce on them which in my opinion did not go well with the foie gras sauce and the citrus taste of the dish.  However, when our server found out that we were not fond of our appetizer dish, he took the initiative to recommend that we send the dish back and have the kitchen remake the foie gras dish the way we like it. Our server was so courteous and genuine, we felt comfortable expressing our concern and dislike re the dish. The kitchen remade the dish in the way I liked it which was the traditional way of just plainly light grill of the foie gras and serve it with olive oil and the side vinegratte sauce. When they brought out the foie gras dish the second time, the foie gras was tender, tasted like butter which melted in my mouth and the brioche breads complemented the tender foie gras to a T.  Btw, the foie gras piece was huge. It was definitely worth the $25 high sticker price for an appetizer. :)I must say that the service here is superb!!! They really take serving you seriously. They strive to take very good care of their customers. If you don't like a dish that you order, they will do everything they can to do it right!!!   Their high quality service boosted this review of their restaurant to a solid 5 star rating.The bone-in ribeye was very well cooked. It was a perfect medium just as we ordered.  The meat itself had a herbal rub taste to it which I was not too fond of.  However, after I added a little bit of the leftover vinegratte sauce from the foie gras to it from time to time, the citrus/acidity of the vinegratte really brought the natural flavor of the meat out. It was not the best piece of steak in terms of flavor that I've ever had, but it was definitely a high quality steak. The mixed green dinner salad was pretty good. Very fresh but I like the lunch salad better. Overall, I would say that I really enjoyed my visits at this restaurant. I would definitely keep coming back here for their lunch salmon and salad. I may visit it sometime again for dinner to try their other steaks dishes to see if I'd find another steak dish that I'd like here better. It's a solid 5 star restaurant re quality of their food and their superb customer service which were very appreciated!Give them a try!
5	Best steakhouse in Vegas! Be sure to ask for Lamont as your waiter for an extra special experience. We had the ribeye, filet, and New York . All amazing!
5	I am in love. In love with the ceasar salad prepared at our table by our very likable  waiter, in love with the steak medallions topped with lobster and drizzled with a wonderful bearnaise sauce... in fact I would be hard pressed to find anything to criticize about the experience we had here last week. Finally, the banana cream pie was nothing short of the totally perfect end to our evening. Fine wine, fine company, fine service and more than fine food. Dare I say it one more time??? In LOVE haha
5	Great meal!  Went for lunch and had the truffle potato chips, Caesar salad, lobster sliders, filet medallions and prime burger.  Topped it off with the pecan pie (spectacular) and peppermint chocolate layer cake.  Service was outstanding as well - what a great group from start to finish.  And thanks so much for the surprise pop-overs in our to-go bag!
5	Best filet mignon of my life...cooked to perfection with cajun spices. The wine list blew my socks off...and I am a viticulture/enology geek (in normal English...I am a wine snob). This, was in fact, the most impressive part of my meal here. I couldn't stop turning the pages of the wine list (evidently the largest wine list on the West Coast). The sides are unbelievable and complementary to the steak. I highly recommend the carrot cake for dessert. Emeril sure outdid himself here.
5	This is probably one of my favorite places for steak, bread pudding, or when I wanna eat at the bar alone. Here is a summary of one of my experiences that I shared with one of my foodie friends when we ate here. We ordered the Caesar Salad which was spectacularly prepared fresh able side by the maitre 'd. It was like $30 but probably THE best salad of my life! Next was the bone in rib eye which was so perfectly seasoned and cooked! I'm a huge fan of sides so I got the creamed spinach, a Idaho baked potato, creamed corn, and asparagus. YES, there were amazing left overs!For dessert of course it was the White Chocolate Macadamia nut Bread Pudding! If anyone knows Emril's shows or books you know this is like his signature item. I have also had the Duck Egg Creme Brulee which is heavenly as well. But my go to is the bread pudding!This is a place you probably wouldn't wanna eat at daily, but it is a place to take special friends who enjoy good food at it's best or for an awesome night of self spoiling! :)*Lobster bique, the butternut squash ravioli and the fried chicken are killer too!
4	Steak was awesome but very pricey ..service not so good thet need  to  work on that..
4	Went here with a large group. Good steak.  Sides were only decent. Overall a 4 star meal.  I would go back if asked, but would not plan the meal here. There is better in town.
5	Recently had lunch here with my small work crew (3 of us) to celebrate the Holidays. The restaurant was completely dead mid-week so at first I thought maybe we'd made a terrible mistake. My fears were quickly assuaged as our food started arriving. We ordered the lobster sliders as an appetizer to share between two of us, and our other colleague had the lobster bisque. The lobster sliders? Well they are the things dreams are made of, I'm still salivating over them weeks later. Lobster bisque was also apparently outstanding. Fries with old bay, perfectly cooked and tasty. For our entrees, two of us each had the grilled skirt steak sandwich and the other had the steak salad. The steak sandwich and truffle fries were absolutely delicious and I hear the salad was really fantastic. Service was impeccable and obviously we had the restaurant to ourselves, so our every need was catered to perfectly. I definitely will be back.
5	Great restaurant! The people were extremely kind and the food was excellent. Thanks to the Indianapolis Colts beating the Chiefs, house money paid the bill but I'd be more than happy to spend my "hard earned" cash here as well!
4	Steak and sides were tasty although not nearly as well prepared or delicious as the food at Ruth's Chris. The pecan pie desert was actually the best part of the meal and the chicory coffee was horrible. Wine list offered $40.00 bottles of wine for over $100.00. Service was excellent which it should be when your paying so much money for your food. Ruth's Chris is much better steak and sides for less money. A fun experience but will not be back for a long time.
4	Yummy always so good!! I just hate the wait! ! But would definitely go back. The staff are so friendly there. I even got to meet the cook one time AWESOME
2	Really disappointed by the food.  I've been to several of Emerile's places and this one is not up to par.  I should have left when I saw the stained carpet in the bar and had to clean off the seat at my table.  My cold lobster salad was rubbery,  My fried chicken and waffles were so sweet I couldn't eat them.  Very sad to see this place so run down
3	This place was not special.  There were chairs in the hallway and lack of attention in the services.  The atmosphere was uninviting and cold.  The food was typical, not so memorable for the price point.
5	I have not written a yelp review in over two years, however after having Delmonico's I felt compelled to dig up the old yelp account to share my experience.I loved the atmosphere. It had a very nice ambiance to it. The lighting was dim and the decor was simple. Attire was dressy/casual. Starting with apps, we had the oysters and foie gras. The oysters were exceptionally fresh. No complaints about the foie gras. I also had the New Orleans Gumbo which was good, but I'd pass on the next time around.Main courses - Bone-in ribeye was fantastic. The seasoning was great and the steak itself was cooked to perfection. The portion was huge. (Like bigger than my face huge!) It was one of the best steaks I've had.Sides - I would highly recommend the sauteed garlic wild mushrooms and the twice baked potato. They went perfectly with the steak. Both had good flavor and were prepared just right.Desserts - The duck egg creme brulee was good. It was creamy and had just the right amount of sweetness to it. I would also recommend the white chocolate macadamia nut bread pudding - it was scrumptious! I would say expect to spend about $100/pp. Overall I very pleased with my experience here - from the atmosphere, to service to food; excellent delivery. Kudos Emeril!
5	You're in Vegas what else do you expect but excellent cuisine from a world famous Emeril restaurant? Yes this place is on the pricier side, yes the portions are huge, and yes its an upscale place. But you pay to play in Vegas so that is exactly what you receive here. The service was nothing but superb! It didn't matter if you're a big wig celeb, or just a family for wkend trip they treated every patron with the exact same excellent service. The menu is pretty much full of steaks or some selections of pasta and seafood. Pretty much all items are ordered Al a carte in addition to your entree selection. The majority of us had the highly recommended bone in rib eye. OMG you will know with your first bite why this aged piece of steak is $52! It literally melts like butter in your mouth! The seasoning was spot on with that perfect caramelized crust. I would definitely recommend the rib eye if this is your first time here! The must have side dish is the Creamed Corn Gratinee: This has the consistency of cream of corn yet has the crusty top of your usual gratins. It's has a delicious sweet yet savory flavor profile that just makes you wanna come back for seconds. The only negative is its $11 for that little dish. But again you pay for the quality instead of quantity here.The next must have dessert is the banana cream pie! It's quite literally 8 layers of banana slices staked high! This reminds you exactly of what a banana cream pie your grandma used to make at home tastes!  This is quite the perfect way to finish off your meal or share with a date/friends. We will definitely be visiting again on your next Vegas trip. But yes you'll need to save up for this one as your wallet may cry once you see the bill!
5	Beautiful dining room with exposed, double entry wine cellar with wine BINs from floor to ceiling.  Had a business lunch here and enjoyed every bite.  The Truffle Chips (home cut potato chips tossed in truffle oil, garlic, parmesan, and green onions) are rediculously addictive!  Great banquet space, able to privately seat groups of 12ish up to what looked like over 40.  Definitely would recommend.
3	Good for the management to reach out and connect with me.  I hope they are sincere in making an effort to make this establishment a better experience for everyone.
5	Had dinner reservations at 6:30pm and we were seated right away.I looked at their menu prior to stepping foot into the restaurant so I kind of had an idea of what I would like to order.For our appetizer, we ordered two Parmesan and Garlic potato chips. I'm a chip queen....obsessed and in love with chips but this....this didn't taste that great. =/ The first five chips were good...but after awhile...it tasted WAY TOO GREASY. You know that over greased taste? Yeah...that's what I was starting to taste. It felt like they drenched the entire thing in oil and left it there for days. My party finished the first plate of that but we just couldn't finish the second plate. I definitely would NOT order this again. NEW ORLEANS GUMBO: This gumbo had rice, chicken, sausage and veggies. Pretty good sized portion for a bowl of soup. Small eaters would be half full from this. Seriously...lol. I thought to myself...damn...I hope I have enough room in my stomach for my entree!!!CAESAR SALAD: Typical normal Caesar. It's big enough to share with your entire party.BONELESS RIB-EYE: You have your choice on the menu for bone-in OR boneless rib eye. I was with a fancy date and his party of four other high rollers so I didn't wanna make a mess, that's why I opted for boneless. I've got to admit...it was good...but to be technical, I would rate it at a solid B grade. My rib eye was cooked to my liking, the flavoring was delicious BUT......there were more fatty parts that I would like. =/ eh...not a big fan. But it didn't take away from the complete meal. Great rib eye...big enough for leftovers the next day.NOTE: Three out of the six steak entrees my party ordered was over cooked. Someone wanted medium rare but her steak came out medium. My date ordered medium and it pretty much came out medium well.For our side dishes we ordered potatoes au gratin, asparagus, mashed potatoes, and another veggie dish.Can't go wrong with Delmonicos. Def give it a try! Be sure to make reservations.
4	Great service! The staff was professional, attentive, and friendly.  The popovers were very light and delicious. We ordered the wedge salad and lobster bisque as our appetizers. Both were delicious and we were really impressed with the bisque.We ordered the bone in rib eye and lobster stuffed with crab. There was nothing impressive about these two dishes. My husband liked to lobster but said the crab mixture had too much mayo (?). My ribeye cut was too fatty and didn't need the butter. I felt like I was eating a rib eye from Paula Dean's kitchen. For, dessert, we ordered the macadamia nut bread pudding. Uh, meh, nothing spectacular.  The italian espresso was very good.I'm giving this place four stars because the service was really good and I believe the dishes we choose weren't bad, they just didn't please our taste buds.  I would like to give this place another try.
3	Went here over the past weekend just to try. Have been to other steakhouses like cut, Ruth cris, morels, summit house in Fullerton, and lawrys. Safe to say food was decent considering the price. Filet mingnon was tender but good. Not great. I have liked the filet at cut much better. Crab legs were bland but amazingly precut and offered at either a cold or hot temperature. The lobster bisque was ok too. I think I had expected the greatness I found with McCormick's lobster bisque. Safe to say for the price I would probably go to cut again or lawrys or McCormick. Probably wouldn't want to go back here. Sorry kids. But that's just me.
4	What better way to celebrate a big 3-0 than with a mean piece of steak! It was my good friend's birthday and we had two tables reserved for our big group. I must say, service was stellar. Staff was knowledgeable with their menu and very patient with us when placing our orders in as we were all quite indecisive and had so many questions.   Starting off with some bread and aperitif, I chose a glass of Blue label Chimay as my poison. Ahhhh...a wonderful prelude to an evening of indulgence. For appetizers, I had their OYSTER ROCKEFELLER. This baked aphrodisiac was not as cheesy as I hoped it would be but they were fresh and of good quality. I can't complain. Next came the main show, BONE-IN RIBEYE which my man and I split. Split plating was beautifully done with the perfect portion for each of us. No fee for split plate, thank you. I like my meat cooked medium and it came as pink as I expected it to be. A dollop of butter topped off my steak but that for me was unnecessary. It had quite a chew to it which was unlikely coming from Chef Emeril Lagasse's kitchen. Did it taste bad? No, not at all. I just think that being in Vegas where you are surrounded by a plethora of dining options of the same caliber, you need to live up to your name. Sadly, I wasn't as impressed by this dish compared to other fellow Yelpers. My side of choice was the CREAMED SPINACH. Now we're talking! It tasted sensational with that silky feel of butter and cream. Finally, Chef Emeril's true colors are coming out. And on a sweet note, we ended the evening with EMERIL'S BANANA CREAM PIE. Can I say, WOW!? I will have to say this was the best banana cream pie I've had to date. Hats off to you, Chef! This my friends, earned Delmonico Steakhouse the 4 stars I'm giving them. Would I come back? Sure! I'll skip the steak and try his southern specialties instead. But more importantly, I shall not forget EMERIL'S BANANA CREAM PIE. It's to die for!
4	i had a delicious meal here. i came here a few weeks ago for a business dinner and had a nice experience. i didn't like the wine, but that's my fault, not theirs!i ordered a salad of sorts to start, and then i had the bone-in rib eye. normally i find a steakhouse doesn't put a rib eye and a bone-in rib eye on their menu, but for whatever reason, Delmonico's has both. my steak was incredible. it was so juicy and prime. to accompany it, we ordered mashed potatos and also asparagus, both of which were very good.also, for dessert, the espresso gelato is a must. the next time i'm in vegas, i'll certainly return to delmonico's.
5	What an experience!I made reservations for my friend and I. We had dinner at around 6:30pm on a Sunday. We were seated right away. Three servers were helping us, and they were very attentive throughout the night. Our meal started off with complimentary bread. It kind of reminded me of yorkshire pudding. It was really light and airy. I liked it because it didn't make me as full. Both of us ordered the bone-in rib eye cooked medium rare. It was cooked nicely, and it had nice flavors. I didn't realize it while I was eating, but the steak was really salty. I couldn't stop drinking water all night. We also ordered the wild mushroom side dish. This can definitely use less salt. To end our meal, our server gave us a birthday dessert- blueberry sorbet. Because we were so full, we ordered the banana cream pie togo. It was boxed nicely and I was able to enjoy this dessert later that night. It was delicious, but if you don't like bananas, don't get it. It was an overall pleasant dining experience. I would definitely come back and try other dishes.
3	It was a real up and down evening.Apps - BBQ shrimp were great but there's only 4 of them so don't expect to get filled up.Entrees - my wife had the filet medallions and they were basically disgusting. They were terrible cuts of meat and she was only able to eat about half of it. I had the bone in ribeye which was fine but nothing spectacular.Sides - we had the creamed corn which I thought was terrific, my wife not so much. The potatoes gratin were good but you better like parmesan if you order them. Dessert - the greatest piece of banana creme pie I've ever had, and it's monsterous!! Drinks - They didn't have the bacon and bourbon manhattan but the bartender said we weren't missing anything....so why keep it on the menu? Anyway, to finish off the night I had a Dusk in the Burroughs which is just about the perfect after dinner drink. That and the banana creme pie were easily the best things we had the entire evening. The service was top notch and they took the medallions off the bill and also comped the pie, all without my wife saying anything more than she wasn't impressed with the steak. In the end the start was good and finish was fantastic, but with the steaks being so bad it really took away from the whole experience. At roughly $50 a steak we just expect way way better, and with so many fine dining options in Vegas it's tough to see us going back anytime soon. Maybe eventually, but it'll be a while if we do.
3	Trying Delmonico was a last minute impromptu decision... My friend and I wanted to grab a quick bite before the rest of our friends arrived. We were underdressed/too casual (shorts/tank tops) to sit in the formal dining area so we just shared a steak at the bar. We started off with drinks which were good and strong. I ordered the Lychee martini which was really good, and I couldnt even taste all the alcohol I watched him pour into. We shared a bone in ribeye, medium rare plus. The steak was really juicy and cooked perfectly, but it lacked flavor... We had to ask for salt and pepper. :(  I don't know if I'd go out of my way to come back... Maybe if I stayed at Venetian and needed another quick bite again.
1	How does one spell grossly overrated...Delmonico's!!! First, I have seen more originality in a Denny's restaurant in terms of decor. This place is as boring to the eye as watching paint dry...that should have been my clue to exit right!!! There is no color, no cool lighting, no cool art, no great looking floors...nope, a two year old could have designed a more interesting restaurant.Now let's talk food. It is 3am and I'm on the toilet, let's start there!!! They hand me a steak they claim is prime beef. The only thing prime was the price...52 bucks! The meat was not only tough, but like the decor, it had no taste...NONE. Cosco has better steaks then that thing they brought me. So they do take it back a I ordered rack of lamb for, yes, 55 bucks!!! Now those little four rib racks were excellent...but not 55 bucks worth of excellence.  Where's the MEAT! Then it is time to go to the bathroom...you won't believe it...a dirty, filthy two stall bathroom!!! And the road to the bathroom, and I purposely used the word road, was a journey in itself. How is it that a place that charges 55 bucks for a rack of lamb can have such a piece of s@&t bathroom? And as I sit here on the toilet at 3am all I can tell you is if you think this place is great, then you are from Hoboken NJ because this is a grossly over rated restaurant with horrible food, decor, bathrooms, etc. the owner is laughing to the bank with the fools who go here...AVOID this place. The restaurant manage reached out to me...good for them...but I'm not interested.  You get ONE chance to make your reputation, and Mr. Celebrity Chef, you lost it here.  AWFUL PLACE!  GROSSLY OVER PRICED!  DON'T WAIST TIME OR MONEY HERE!
2	My boyfriend and I dined at Delmonico's on a trip to Vegas  in July 2013 - for dinner on the 4th of July.  The restaurant we had originally planned to go to that night was completely booked, so based on the great Yelp rating we chose Delmonico's instead.  Prior to our trip, we were so excited to try this place out.  Our reservations were at 8pm and we showed up a few minutes early, expecting the place to be packed.  I should mention that the location is very odd and not easy to find.  However, once we found it we started wondering if we were  in the right place...  Both of us have dined in nice steakhouses many times and expected that familiar 5 star experience.  From the second we walked in the door it was clear that Delmonico's was not that kind of place.The entrance was very dark - no one was at the hostess stand and the bar/lounge area was completely empty.  The restaurant looked closed.   Then, the hostess showed up with another employee - they finished their casual, not work related, conversation before greeting us.  They looked up our reservation and sat us right away so I was ready to let go of my first impression and enjoy a great meal.  Unfortunately, that was just the start.  The hostess led us into a mostly empty room with very dim lighting.  We thought it was weird but went along with it.  As we sat down, we realized that the only other table in the room was a large party with serval children - who were playing games and watching movies on their iPads! We were shocked that this behavior was allowed in such a place.  We looked into the other dining room which was mostly full and seemed very lively, full of adults.  When our waiter came over we asked to move to that room (pointing out the distractions at the other table), which they accommodated.Finally in the environment we were hoping for, we felt relieved as our new waiter handed us a wine list.  The waiter brought the wine and as he poured the glasses, he spilled an entire glass in front of me, on the table.  Did he find us a new table? Did he bring a new (full) bottle of wine? No. Instead he picked the glass up and continued pouring and brought a white napkin to place in front of me to cover the wine stained/wet area.At this point, we considered leaving but it was past 8:30 and we wanted to try the steak, so we stayed.  We ordered the table side Caesar salad and the chateaubriand to split.  The salad was the highlight of the meal - if you go here, make sure to order it.  The steak was ok, slightly undercooked and we have definitely had better.  After the meal, we decided to skip desert here and go upstairs to Otto instead.I did use the restroom during the meal.  This was another disappointment.  The restrooms are located down a long hallway, which was also where they stored the extra chairs (stacks of them).  You felt like you were in an area of the restaurant that shouldn't be customer facing - cluttered, scuffs all over the walls and baseboards. Overall, the experience at Delmonico's was anything but 5 star.  With so many wonderful restaurants in vegas at this price point, there is no reason to choose Delmonico's.
4	In my opinion it's not fit for a foodie. Meal was very good but not superb. However, service was great. I wasn't impressed by their BBQ shrimp which was highly recommended as their signature appetizer.  Fish was cooked perfectly but most of the food only had 2 dimensions.  I expected more complexity and excitement in their flavors. Overall great for a cocktail and a good meal but Las Vegas has so many places in this category. I would love a large well known restaurant on the strip to go above and beyond. If you aren't adventurous and just want a good meal with all your great basics on the menu this is perfect. It's a crowd pleaser but definitely lacking in excitement. If I were to rate the food it would only be 3 stars but the service is very good so I gave them 4 stars. I will be back for drinks but it wouldn't be my first choice for food.
5	Excellent steakhouse !!! Food amazing !!! Service 5 star !!! Not much to say just must visit and you'll see ;-)
5	this place hasnt change a bit in their service and the great tasting steaks. every time im in vegas i be sure that is one stop i ALWAYS make...
3	I ordered- Bone in rib eye- Speicial of the day: Lobster and medallion steak- Lobster bisque- Twice baked potatoI could not taste the flavoful and texture of rib eye.Medallion was very soft and well prepared, but lobster was small and salty.Lobster bisque was salty.Potato was just potato.Bread: disappointed.....Personally, morton or Mastros are quite better than Delmonico.I just want to give 6 or 7 out of 10...
5	I was very pleased with this restaurant.   We were celebrating an anniversary and both maitre D and wait staff greeted us with "Happy Anniversary".The restaurant itself was lovely, comfortable, and busy, but not noisy. We certainly had privacy at our table. The staff was helpful and considerate. The food was excellent and plentiful. Lots of variety and the staff was respectful of allergies/dietary restrictions. It was pricey, but we spent far less than we anticipated. My only regret is that we didn't have enough room for one of their fabulous desserts. I would not hesitate to dine there again.
5	WOW.I came to Vegas searching for their best steak and I think I might have found it.  The dining experience overall was spectacular.  I purposely starved myself all day and did tons of walking throughout the day so by the time we were seated at our table, I was ready to rip into it.  The only thing I eyeballed was their bone-in rib eye.  Ordered it medium rare.  The first bite was perfect.  So much flavor and it just melted in my mouth.  Not only was the food great, the service was as well!  Thanks Delmonico for making my last night in Vegas dining experience a memorable one!
5	Our last night in Vegas & my daughter & I went to Delmonico for dinner.  The service was tops, our waiter Frank was the best!  We had the barbecue shrimp appetizer-excellent!  So tasty and the sauce--so good!  My daughter ordered the NY sirloin and I ordered the lobster bisque.  The steak was superb; like cutting butter and seasoned perfectly.  Unfortunately, I became suddenly ill totally unrelated to the food and had to leave for a bit.  When I returned Frank, our waiter seemed quite concerned and brought me a club soda.  Sadly I wasn't able to eat my meal or have the banana cream pie I had dreamed about sharing with my daughter.  I was not charged for my bisque or the club soda; which I really expected to pay for.  The care and courtesy extended to me was so appreciated!  Emeril should be proud of your employees especially Frank!  Thank you all so much!!!
4	Everything from the starters to the dessert was amazing. Highly recommended. Only loss of a star was for the restaurant decor. Very boring.
5	This is the steak house that delivers. Food was prepared to a T and the service was outstanding . Really great time at dinner   There were 4 of us and everyone seemed to have picked the right meal. Really impressive    And did I mention the service??? The name carries itself from new Orleans and this place really carries on the tradition   And they even have the cane root beer from Abita Springs
5	Holy smokes we loved this place!!From the homemade potato chips with truffle oil to the BBQ prawns, oysters, herb fillet, halibut, and desert. This place was absolutely delicious. The service was great also. Merill beat Colicchio hands down....
5	Unbelievable. Delmonico's was an unforgettable experience from start to finish.  We went there with a group of six to celebrate a 30th birthday. We called two days in advance to make a reservation (you can do it on their website too).  We arrived and were seated immediately and it was then that I realized that it would be a dining experience. We had 4-5 servers around out table at any given time. We were immediately served water, delicious little bread knots, and out drink orders were taken. I thought it was interesting that they did not give a drink menu, rather the server recited all drinks in the given category to each person (wines: red or white, beers: IPA or Stout etc). Then they reviewed the menu with us and took our orders. There were many specials available, and they brought us a sample of a cheese tomato pesto flat bread, on the house. The meal took a good 20 minutes, but it was worth every second (and dollar!). I had a filet, which was prepared to perfection. Sides are a la carte, and family style. The green beans, potatos au gratin, and country smashed potatoes were to die for. Very very delicious.This is hard to imagine, but the servers were almost too hovering. They filled your water after one or two sips. They definitely took care of us to any need. The prices are high, but worth it. Delmonico's is something I will always remember about Vegas.
5	I bring customers for dinner here every year during the ISC trade show for the past 7 years- and it always is the right decision. The drinks are some of the best on the strip, the Lobster Bisque and locally grown tomato salad ( yep a greenhouse in Vegas and the cheese made in house)  is to die for, and everyone that had steak said it was full of flavor and cooked perfectly. I had the Salmon special and it was great as their fish dishes always are.  Until last week I was never a fan of Key Lime pie- but when we got several desserts for the table the Key Lime pie was one of them.. and although I went in with hesitation... it was hands down the best dessert on the table...so the new rule for me is Key Lime Pie- but only at Delmonico!  As all things with the Emeril name impeccable service was our experience - even with a trade show crowd and a large private whiskey tasting event. Our water glasses were never less than 2/3 full, a server was always there for another drink or any issue. The pace of our meal was first rate. I'll be back again next year!
5	I really can't eat steak anywhere else in Vegas if I have the opportunity of getting a reservation here.Bone-in rib eye, creamed spinach.  Delicious.  No complaints!!!
5	Phenomenal! Food, staff and ambiance is impeccable! We had the filet, ham chop, cream corn and the potato gratin. I recommend them all! The banana cream pie was too die for and the special dessert was a brownie trifle with ice cream and marshmallow fluff, I ate until I was almost sick it was so great! Come here with an appetite and you won't be disappointed!
4	We had dinner reservations to celebrate a special event. We started off with a few drinks.Fried Soft-Shell Crab:An appetizer with poached egg, frisee salad and lemon truffle vinaigrette. Lightly breaded and fried. Not greasy, not fatty and the shell was definitely soft. The citrusy salad compliments the dish. One of the best soft-shell crab versions I've had. We got 2 orders of these - they were that good. 5/5Filet Mignon:Since I'm not a fan of animal fat, this is what I normally get. Some people may find it boring but I like my steak simple and lean. Very tender and cooked to a perfect medium-rare. This piece of meat didn't photograph very well since it looks so dark from all the pepper but it tasted good. 4/5Chateaubriand:The second most tender and lean cut of meat. We got mashed potatoes and asparagus on the side. 4/5Bone-In Ribeye:Dry-aged prime with butter on top. Superb! 4/5Foie Gras:This was a side item. Perfectly seared and mildly sweet. You don't really need to do much to make foie gras taste good. KISS (keep it simple, stupid!) 4.5/5Mushrooms with Garlic:This side was really good. I love mushrooms and garlic. The mushrooms did not have just a hint of garlic. They were deliciously garlicky. 5/5Grits:This has bacon and good melted cheese which makes this more interesting than it should be. I wouldn't normally eat grits but this was good. 4/5Creme Brulee:I've been feeling tired of this dessert. I didn't find joy in eating this. Plain, ordinary and too safe. 2/5Delmonico Coquetel:Gin, sparkling dessert wine, five spice-infused simple syrup, ruby red grapefruit and lime juices. Their signature cocktail...but why? Our server was right, I should've not wasted my time on this. It was too sweet and it just didn't taste right. I took a few sips and our server knew it was time for a different drink. 2/5A Tale of Two Cities:Cherry vodka, elderflower liqueur, black cherry juice and citrus juices. This was deliciously amazing if you like cherry. 5/5Another drink we had was a martini with bleu cheese-stuffed olives. Since I'm not a fan of martini, olives or bleu cheese - it would not be fair for me to rate this. We got a free chocolate gelato and it was good. Service was good. Our server gave us recommendations and what to stay away from. Honesty is always appreciated.
3	I say 3.8 stars. It's absolutely what I would expect going in. I didn't think it was anything really special about it. My steak was cooked perfectly and the sides we ordered (musrooms, mashed potatoes, and shoot I can'r remember is they were green beans or asparagus) were all tasty. If you want a good old fancy steak dinner that's reasonably priced this place is not a bad place to go for it. Oh! the service was fantastic.
5	Wonderful experience! Classic service, friendly wait staff, perfectly mixed cocktails, and flavorful food. Our salads were absolutely perfect, the dressings on both were incredible. Our steaks were juicy and cooked to perfection - both of us got the rib-eye and all its flavorful goodness was all over the plate. I was however, surprised at the lack of ambiance in this place. It's got really nothing going for it but tables and good service and good food. I guess you don't need much more than that, but it's Vegas for goodness' sakes. Liven up the decor a bit! But go, please. You won't regret it.
4	Unbelievable Service there, and the food was very good, but service was top notch!
4	Food was outstanding and so were the sides.  Had the bone-in NY Strip.  Service was ok as our waiter didn't really make us feel welcome.
2	I really wanted to love this place, but honestly...well...For starters, I was a single, attractive woman, dining alone when there was a giant computer convention at the Venetian. Why oh why would you seat me in a dark, partitioned corner??Then my dirty martini came, and it was...warm. And my iceberg wedge salad was tasty, but soggy. My bone-in ribeye was enormous and glorious, but not exactly warm. And my tawny port looked awfully ruby. All in all my experience was uninspired.
5	Great steak. Good service and atmosphere and accomodated our large group.
5	Wide whiskey selection, excellent bartenders. I'm assuming the food was good, but even though I came four days in a row I never made it past the bar.
5	AOL Keyword: Bone-in ribeye
5	I ate here years ago.  I had a nice meal but I don't remember much.  I went back last week with my husband and another couple. The steak was wonderfully done.  It has a wonderful feel inside the restaurant - big and airy.  We had the tuna and salmon tartar to start then shared the bone-in ribeye.  It really was good.  I'd go back in a second.
5	BAM! Sorry for the cliche, but Emeril hit the nail right on the head with this one. BAMtastic service, BAMtastic food, BAMtastic atmosphere and a guaranteed BAMtastic experience!Been there many times and I'll be BAMmed if everything hasn't exceeded expectations!Normally I would include tips for what to order and why. This time I have just one recommendation. Eat here. This is by far the best dining option between the Venetian and Palazzo. Now BAMit, make your reservation, enjoy and you're welcome! Lol!
5	Two words, food and service.  The service is top notch.  The food came timely, and everyone made sure my dining experience was exceptional.  The food, excellent without a doubt.  I had the fillet and it was very good.  Without a doubt I will definitely eat here again whenever in Las Vegas.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.   I finished with the banana cream pie, it was a very large piece of pie.
5	I had the bone-in rib-eye, which is the best steak I've had in my life. Deliciously juicy, tender, full of beef flavor, with just the right amount of bite, the thought of this steak is making me salivate while writing this review.My friend had his with the foie gras. If you like foie gras at all, DO THIS. It might seem a bit odd to pair these two together, but when I tried it, it set off little fireworks off my taste buds.
1	This was by far the worst meal I have ever had.  Not steak,   Meal!  I went with a group of 4, only 1 steak was cooked correctly and it was super fatty. I had a filet ordered medium to medium well black, it showed up well done with no char whatsoever.  My friend ordered hers blue and it showed up rare. My husband's was fine but like I said super fatty. The other friends was over cooked as well along with the snottiest looking disgusting foie gras I have ever seen. Bottom line_ you go to Vegas to have a great meal and it sucked.  All of it sucked. Go somewhere else for $100pp.
5	We have eaten here every time we are in vegas.Consistently top notch food drinks and desserts.Felt like a king and queen for 2 hours. Cannot say one bad thing about this place . Emeril has it down to a fine art! You will not be disappointed!
4	Service was great... !! We sat down to a late dinner to find the restaurant was extremely busy and still great service. Ordered the chateaubriand for two & was not disappointed. Nice sides were included - Asparagus & garlic mashed potatoes. Very generous portions. The popovers before the meal were perfect. Unfortunately we had no room left for desert. If you have not been to Delmonico ... Make it a stop on your next trip.
5	I don't usually go to fine dine restaurants while in vegas, but I make a few exceptions and this was one of them. Came here with a few buddies for a birthday. The waiter made our experience a very easy one. He offered many different suggestions and options. After we finally made our decision, the kind gentleman complimented us with bread and such. Afterwards, he poured our glasses with wine and afterwards treated the birthday girl to some lovely dessert. On to the food...At first I was on a budget, but then I said to myself, might as well splurge a little so i ordered the filet mignon and I have to admit, it was deeeeelicious. I did not order any sides with it, and wish i had ordered some sort of baked or mash potatoes. overall, i had a great experience and I would definitely refer someone to this place for great food and great service.
3	We went to Delmonico's in the Palazzo/Venetian for a pre-theater dinner.  While nothing was bad, it wasn't a four or five star experience, either.  The service was competent, and the restaurant decor is definitely upscale.  This is an Emeril restaurant, so they have some cajun/creole items on the menu along with steak and seafood.  I started with the Ahi and Salmon Tartare.  A nice starter served with a small cucumber salad, but nothing extraordinary.  The lobster bisque arrived after sitting on the pass for awhile, it seemed, as there was already a skin atop the soup.  It was a nice bisque, about what you'd expect at a steakhouse.  The petite iceberg wedge salad was, again, pretty standard with bacon and blue cheese.  I finished with the Halibut served over what they call vegetable risotto.  It was good; maybe a bit overcooked, but I enjoyed it.  The rest of the table ordered appetizers and steaks, and while they said the steaks were good...no fireworks to speak of.  I did try a bit of my GF's ribeye, and was actually a bit surprised that it was lacking flavor in my opinion.  The ribeye is usually very flavorful, but this almost tasted like a filet; tender, but without any real steak pop and just a hint of gaminess.  Overall, especially for the price, I thought the food would have been a bit more inspired, but as it ended up it was just OK.  Not a place I'd steer anyone away from, since the menu is diverse and the wine list very respectable, but if you're looking for something really special, I don't think this really hits the mark.  There are certainly better steak and seafood restaurants in Vegas that are less, at, or a bit more than this price point that would be much better.  Interestingly enough, despite the restaurant's name...they had no Delmonico steak on the menu.  I thought that was a bit odd, as well.  :)
5	One of the best places I have dined at! Everything here is delicious! Oscar style w/ Filet Mignon is super good!
5	Absolutely fantastic service, fantastic food, and wonderful atmosphere!  We will be back, without a doubt!
5	Located at the Venetian Hotel and a Emeril Lagasse establishment. I made reservations for four persons BC our vendor wanted to treat us to dinner.We started off with drinks at the beautiful bar and made our way to the plush dinning area. I started off with the gumbo which was superb. For dinner what better choice then the dry aged in house ribeye?  For sides we enjoyed garlic mushrooms, asparagus, NOLA creamed spinach and for dessert I savored the a entire Emeril's banana cream pie slice (it was huge and delish). My co worker from Phoenix enjoyed the bone in filet and he ended his meal with  key lime pie which he also raved about. This was definitely a meal that was memorable and thank you to the entire staff at Delmonico Steakhouse. It's great knowing I can get a solid NOLA influenced meal with having to go to NOLA!
5	T me Delmonicos earns a five star rating for two reasons.  For one, I've never had a bad experience eating there... Their food and service has always exceeded my expectations.  Secondly, their Pan Seared Foie Gras literally took my breath away because I was enjoying it so much I damn near forgot to breath.  That is saying a lot because normally I don't like liver!  For a quick recommendation, try their filet mignon, duck or ask for their filet medallions, it is off the menu but the flavor is amazing.For a full review read my post at:http://foodilistic.com/reviews/delmonicos-las-vegas/
2	My family went here for Fathers Day at noon. The place had a very nice atmosphere. We sat two minutes after checking in.  Five minutes later, a waiter approached us and took our order for drinks. He introduced himself and another waitress. We got our drinks and ten to fifteen minutes later, a different waitress gave us bread.  A person in a suit then approached us to ask if we were ready to order. We replied, "Yes".  He then walked away instead of taking our order. I would assume that he is the manager.  A different waitress then approached us to Finally take our order.  This took more than half an hour from the time we sat down.  Sad thing was that the table behind us sat after we did and was already eating their appetizer before someone took our order.  Mind you, we sat before several customers and they were attended to first. Very very poor start of customer service.  I would think that this place would have excellent service consistently.  Another, I had black slacks on. I placed the napkin on my lap, and behold the napkin left tons of white lint on my black pants.  I went to other restaurants in Vegas and I was offered a black napkin to use instead.  Others, the napkin did not leave as much lint as this one did. I ordered the lobster bisque, which was excellent. Creamy, smooth, and a lot of flavor.  I also ordered the filet medallions.  It had panko breading which I really didn't care for.  The bacon was charred and hard, but the two filet medallions were great.  It also had a simple sauce with small mushrooms. My dad had the lobster sliders.  The sliders were surprisingly great according to my dad.  They didn't skimp on the lobster.  Instead of shredded pieces, they are a generous portion in the sliders.  The bread they offered got cold pretty quick but it was still good to eat.  At first, drinks were coming in slow. Then the waiters paid more attention to us in the end.  The restroom was located all the way in the very back.  I thought I had to exit the building itself to use the restroom.  You have to through a very long hallway to the very back towards the exit sign.  The sink was shallow and I could barely wash my hands in it since it's so shallow that my hands will get wet from the dirty water in the sink.  There was only one sink available.  Food would have been excellent.  Service was mediocre.  I'm not sure I would return here if I have this kind of service.  It was my first time here.
4	My friends hyped this place up so much this time in Vegas that I walked in with super high expectations, which unfortunately did not hold.While the service was great, so were the breads, their cocktails were nothing to write home about and their wine selection was rigid - I had the Hemingway drink and it was alright.The food was good - I had the tuna which was really good on itself, but the sauce was terrible. The sides were not bad. Our server really hyped up the creamed corn, which came much later and I did not see what the big deal was about. It was again just ok.The desserts were pretty good, our table enjoyed them. I ordered the bread pudding ala mode and having had the some spectacular bread puddings recently, I did not think this was anything amazing but still not bad.One thing to mention though - because our server had forgotten our last side order, it was on the house. tells you alot about the quality of service at this place.I probably will try out other options on the strip before coming back here. Given that it's Vegas, there are some really good options. Unfortunately Delmonico wasn't a super memorable experience for me, but for a well-made dinner in a nice restaurant, this place is spot on.
5	My husband and I have enjoyed Emeril's restaurants. But when we tried Delmonico's, it was unbelievable. We had the best meal ever. It's worth the money. I think it's the best of all Emeril's restaurants. I have no more words, speachless. You all should to try it.
5	Beautiful restaurant, thoughtful staff. Some of the best food I have ever had plus kick ass cocktails. My only complaint is not their fault. We are only in vegas for 2 nights and i see a food coma in my future.
4	This was a great venue to have some dinner and enjoy the company of friends.  Located in restaurant row in the Venetian, this place is an Emeril restaurant that features steaks and sides of high quality.  A few of my party actually shared the rib eye because it was a really bit cut of meat.  That combined with the great sides made a wonderful meal.  Service was impeccable as our waiter and other staff were engaged and always on top of what we needed.For sides, I'd suggest the grits and bacon.  I ate the whole side dish and barely shared with others.  The creamed corn was surprisingly good and the brussels were also really good.  For dessert, we had the strawberry shortcake which came in a jar which was terribly good.  We also had the chocolate cake and key lime pie.  I didn't try too much of that as I was stuck digging my spoon in the strawberry shortcake. For a great balance of food and service, I highly recommend.
5	Two of us went here to celebrate a birthday.  What an amazing experience.  You'd never know you're in the middle of a noisy casino - it is away from everything.  The atmosphere is quiet and sophisticated without being stuffy.  In fact, our wait staff team was a great combination of being knowledgeable and fun.  The wine list gave us an ample selection and we were not disappointed with our choices.  We treated ourselves to the rib eye steak and fillet meals with fingerling potato side.  It was wonderful - done as requested with amazing taste thanks to the way they prepare it.  We would have loved to try a dessert (the pictures looked wonderful) but were too full despite sharing the potato side dish.  Maybe next time, we'll split an entree, too so we have room for dessert.  Overall, the entire experience was a real treat.
4	Pretty good. It was an enjoyable meal although somewhat pricey. Food-wise I ordered the foie gras appetizer, bone-in ribeye, and pecan pie. Even if you like foie gras pass on this one. It was heavily coated in honey and I didn't enjoy it. The bone-in ribeye was delicious and cooked to perfection as was the pecan pie. Delmonico has a great wine list and we ordered a nice bottle that complimented all of our meals and then we ended with a nice 40 year tawny port and coffee. Someone in my group had ordered a filet cooked medium and if was more medium-rare than medium. I would return here but it's not a place that I would make a regular for me when I go to Vegas.
5	Fantastic experience. Went here with a group of 9 and we all enjoyed ourselves. The service was exceptional; the lobster bisque was generous with the portions of lobster; and the bone in strip steak was good (although not the best I've had.) A friend had the salmon and said it was in his top 5 restaurants ever.  For sides we had broccoli and mash for the table..both were good. I'd definitely go back.
5	Outstanding!! Service - Perfect!! Food - Excellent and large portion size!  Clean & Elegant.
4	Excellent steaks.  The best we had on the whole trip.  The wine was also terrific.  The waitress was also very friendly and accommodating.  The only negatives were the side dishes.  The asparagus was just OK and seemed flavorless.  The potatoes were also lacking in flavor.  The steaks are well worth it though and I would go back in a heartbeat.
3	Came for lunch mid-day and it was not crowded.  Service was exceptional but food was so disappointing.I LOVED Emeril's restaurant in New Orleans (NOLA) and I was sooo excited but this was a let down.  I had the ceasar and it was fine but nothing compared to the one at NOLA (which was the best one of my life).  The ricotta grilled cheese was bland (but good in that comfort food kind of way).  The tomato soup it came with was good--nothing special.The dessert (apple fritters) were amazing--mini-apple crispy pies with good ice cream.  I would go back for only that.  Otherwise, nothing special and a personal let down.
4	Our party of six dined at Delmonico for my 50th birthday celebration.   In short, the service was outstanding!  Our head waiter was Michael and the manager on the floor was Vincent.   We also had at least two others who served us.  All were very professional and patient. Our party was not the eaisiest to serve that night, but what happens in Vegas...!Obviously food tastes are very subjective.  My bone in ribeye and twice baked potato were great.  I did not care too much for the chicken and waffle dish my wife had... neither did she.  The shrimp appetizer was a 10, as was the crab dish.   The desserts... Creme Brulee, banana creme pie and chocolate cake were very good also.  Overall, a very nice experience.  We will return.
2	I ordered the halibut (as did my cousin) and it was dry. The entire dish had zero flavor until I added salt and pepper (I NEVER salt my food after cooking). The sides we had were good- wild mushrooms and creamed spinach. Our husbands steaks were good but nothing to write home about. Servers were attentive but they get a big zero for 1 reason- we told them our fish was dry in a very nice/hushed manor and they still charged us for it. Our bill was $1500 and they couldn't part with 2 $40 entrees. Wow! We won't be back. There's too much amazing food out there and much classier service.
3	Honestly, I wanted to like this place. This was not our first time there but it will be our last. The Cesar salad was the highlight of the meal and still one of the best I've ever had. The steak was just OK. The sides were quite good but it is a steakhouse so I was expecting something much better. The deserts were not bad just not mind blowing. For the price, unfortunately it was not worth it.
5	Place is amazingly good on all levels. From reservations to hostess to waitstaff and the  food is to die for. I love a good steakhouse and this one is one of my top in Las Vegas Had lobster mac and cheese, onion soup, the surf and turf , rib eye was just delicious. The meat just melts in your mouth.  Dessert was the s'mores , which just ended the meal with a bang.Bill for 4 was well over $900 or maybe more but well worth the splurge. Great ambiance. Will be back
4	Enjoyed the meal. $50 for a filet mignon. Cooked to perfection. The creamed spinach ($9)  might be the best I ever had. A nice flavor. Sort of had a hint of wood burned flavor added to it. The bread that was served with it was like a Yorkshire pudding that had a slight wood burned taste...excellent. The coffee was less than average. The service was excellent.  (Only odd thing...when the crumbs were cleaned off the table while I was between a course, they were not cleaned to a plate, but the empty chair).
5	Best. Steak. Ever. You pay for it, but that's expected at a high class restaurant. Service is exceptional... Food is off the chart!!Would definitely return when I'm back in town.
3	Food was excellent!!!!  The favorites of our group were lobster, ribeye, filet, rack of lamb.  Salmon was a bit dry and halibut was just ok, but fine.  My personal standout for the many sides we got was the potatoes au gratin...I'm still dreaming!!!  Our service was just ok until the end when our server scolded someone in our group and said "sssshhhhh."   Really???  If he was ruining something for other customers (which I'm sure he wasn't--others tables were toasting with us) than a manager should've come up and said something, not her.  I mentioned to the hostess we were a lively group and to sit us accordingly.  She assured me it was not a problem.  We spent a lot of money and ended on a sour note--which is no bueno....it could've been handled so much better.  Also, they knew we were celebrating an anniversary and didn't bring a complimentary dessert??? (I think even Cheesecake Factory does that?).  It just seemed the waitress had a personality problem and didn't like us from the get go. Unfortunately, this is the second visit here where the service has fallen short.  Four stars for food.  Not in a hurry to go back.  There's no "sssshhhhh-ing in Vegas!"
1	UPDATE - Delmonico / Emeril's staff reached out to me via Yelp a couple of days after I posted the review, and I ended up having a good conversation with their Director of Operations in Las Vegas.  Mike told me he reviewed the events of the evening with the staff at Delmonico, including the mistakes that were made and ways to ensure it doesn't happen in the future.  He asked that I give them another chance and let him know when I'm going to be in Vegas again, which I most certainly will. I'm very impressed with their response and how they took the review as an opportunity to improve. ORIGINAL REVIEW - One of the worst high end Las Vegas restaurant experiences I've ever had.Dinner started out alright.  Larger party of 15, restaurant spread us across 2 tables instead of handling us as one; acceptable, but not thrilling. Initial greeting with menus and wine lists was prompt and fast. After that, follow up service to get drink orders and appetizers was very slow. Orders were finally taken and again, return to deliver the drinks took a while. When time came to order, my wife and I were among the first in the group.  I ordered a tableside Caesar for 2, a Special bone in filet medium rare for my wife and a special bone in filet blue (think less cooked than rare, if you don't know it) for myself. The pop-overs are fantastic, and the tableside Caesar was great. The gentleman who prepared it was kind enough to give me a couple of hints how they do the Caesar dressing which I'm looking forward to trying in my own Caesar dressing. At this point, the wheels came off the bus. I finished my glass of wine with the Caesar and tried repeatedly to signal our waiter John for another glass and failed. My wife got into trying to get his attention as well and failed multiple times before finally succeeding. Rough bus, meet out of control bus. Dinner arrives, and my wife and I are simultaneously served Bone In Ribeyes. Hers medium rare, mine blue (our order was Filets - medium rare and blue). We promptly object and are corrected at first by the waitstaff that we got what we ordered (we never order Ribeyes as we both like our steaks too rare for a ribeye's flavor to come out).The waiter comes over after some confusion and tells me he brought me what I ordered. After some quick discussion our incorrect steaks are removed and we're told our Special of the evening, Bone In Filets, are on their way. Not minutes later, we're told they've sold out of the special and we can have regular filets. Since the rest of our group has already been eating we just say fine, whatever, bring us a medium rare and a blue filet. Three different people drop by to apologize to us, a total of 8 times across them. Frankly it creeped us out a bit. When our new steaks finally arrived, they sat them down saying "here is your medium and rare filets".  When we cut in to them, we did get 1 medium and 1 rare filet but 0 medium rare and 0 blue filets. We just accepted them and went forth.  The flavor of the filets were good, as was the texture and seasoning. After the steak disaster, I did not have to struggle to get another glass of wine fortunately!!I can't say the side of grits with cheese and bacon was all that great since it sat there getting cold and congealing the whole time they were figuring out the steak issue. We passed on dessert, having lost all confidence on the restaurant. We did order a decaf coffee and a 10 year tawny port for me. The waiter offered to buy the port for me, i.e. comp it, but that seems a small consolation compared to blowing the whole main course in such an epic fashion. Can't recommend you avoid Delmonico enough. With so many other options around here, don't risk wasting your hard earned dollar (or luckily won one) here.
3	Pork Chops looked amazing although, I don't like pork chops... The guest who had them said one of the best they've EVER had... I ordered salad and the jumbalya- it was good, not fantastic...
2	I would give Delmonico a 2.5 or even more if it was available but as it's 2 or 3 unfortunately for them I have to go with 2. There were so many pluses for the meal that I feel bad about rating the restaurant low. However, the overall experience was not what I wanted, and for a  meal of this price I have pretty achievable expectations.For starters, the sevice was immaculate and I mean truly immaculate, the servers work as a team and they we're amazing. From recommending wines to full descriptions of food, and even drinks, they were aces. The wine list had so many rare and amazing finds that you could get lost searching, thankfully the staff was able to help us pick out one perfect for our tastes and meal. For the appetizer, bone in bacon, we'll if you didn't think it would be absolutely amazing by the name I can promise you, words do not describe how amazing this appetizer is. It truly is memorizing. Try it, and you'll understand. For dinner I had a filet and he had a bone in ribeye, their signature cut. Unfortunately  my husband had to send his steak back due to being substantially overlooked. Again, the waitstaff immediately addressed the issue and apologized agreeing with my husband that not only was the steak overlooked, but it was substantially overlooked, ie, the steak was ordered medium rare and came out between medium well and well.The waitstaff removed the steak from the table and after a few minutes brought my husband a second steak, most notable on the second steak was the fact that the steak butter was not melted, leading us to believe that the  steak was brought directly from the grill to the table, no time to rest under a lamp and overcook itself, a plus we thought. Until my husband cut into the second ribeye, again their signature steak, again substantially overlooked. At this point the server, who was speaking with my husband about the meal and appologizing about the previous steak appeared appalled that again, the steak was substantially overdone. He appeared embarrassed for the issues. We were promised no matter what it would be made up for and even the manager immediately addressed my husband and appeared completely appalled that the steak was so overdone, for a second time, (this time closer to medium well, maybe a high medium, but still nowhere near medium rare.) The manager and server traded apologies and promised to make things right. Due to the fact that I had only had half of my filet, my husband opted to not receive another ribeye, instead choosing to just finish my meal. The server and manager happily took the ribeye off and purchased us two desserts for the troubles and issues. For the good, the menu is amazing. In it's entirety, I believe it rivals some of the best steakhouses around. The lobster bisque is by far the best I've had, and as a fan of lobster bisque, I've had it at several 4 and 5 star restaurants all over the United States. Presentation, flavor, texture, everything was amazing. The bone in bacon, if I didn't convince you before, it is one of the most flavorful dishes I have ever had, the watermelon is a little strange sounding but brings out so much flavor that again, I just can't put it into words, you have to experience this dish!My filet oscar was great, perfectly cooked, very flavorful and perfectly seasoned. I just wish I had a second stomach to finish it after almost licking the plate of lobster bisque and bone in bacon. Desserts were great as everything else, and the after dinner drink list is as expansive as the wine list. If you can imagine it, they have it. My only issue is my husbands meal, again I feel bad because I understand mistakes happen, but it was very unfortuonate that for a dinner to celebrate our first annivarsary, at the end he/we were disappointed. He continued to describe it as "the food was amazing, but not what I was hoping for." I personally have issues with a $300 meal (granted $130 of it being an amazing and perfectly reccomended bottle of wine,) being disappointing in any way. Again mistakes happen and I believe firmly that they are rare at Delmonicos, but I cannot change this disappointing experience. If this is the only negative review that you read please do not discount this restaurant. Again, mistakes happen, and even as I write this, I feel bad for not giving the restaurant better ratings because so many things were good and accidents happen, but it doesn't change the experience tonight. Hopefully, as it appeared, this will be a rare experience and we may give this restaurant another shot the next time we're in Vegas, but as this was supposed to be a special meal celebrating, I will say disappointing is the best way to describe it. The restaurant has so much more potential and obviously could have done so much better than we experienced, we were just unlucky. Again, no fault on the waitstaff, they were amazing, but overall experience was disappointing. I hope others have better luck than we did.
2	2 stars for the great service!- 3 stars for all the food...The bone in ribeye was bland and overcooked.The lobster was really chewy and fishy smelling...The foie gras was good but I mean when is the liver of an specially fattened duck not good? For the $$$$ we spent I just expected so much more! Yelp...you let me down!
2	Over Priced!All Entrees come A La Carte, basically with Nothing!Waiters attitude not great!Disappointed...
5	I had the pleasure of dining at this restaurant while I was visiting Vegas with my fiance. We were staying at the Venetian and this location is conveniently located within the beautiful hotel so it was an easy choice for dinner. It is definitely nice not having to step outside of the AC when the average temperature outside is 115! I got the caesar salad to start and filet mignon for the main dish. Some of the side items we got were spinach, asparagus, wild mushrooms, and creamed corn gratinee. The main dishes do not come with sides so they are extra but the portions are large enough to share. I asked for my filet mignon to be medium rare and it was done perfectly. The steak was so tender and delicious! It was definitely one of the best steaks I have had. The sides complimented the meat nicely and everything single one of them were delicious. I wish I could comment on their deserts but we were both so full by the end of the meal that we decided to skip desert. This restaurant is a must if you are in Vegas!
4	Simply perfection. It is an experience well worth the price. Impeccable service, amazing wine list, phenomenal melt in your mouth filet mignon and strip steaks, mouth watering, delectable side dishes. In a city full of fantastic and amazing gastro experiences, THIS gem is in my top ten list rotation. Go, go go, be pampered and leave so satisfied!
2	Overall, I thought Delmonico was unimpressive given its rep and price point. I would suggest SW Steakhouse or Gordon Ramsay instead. Here's the salient-ServiceThe Staff was friendly enough but nothing special. There was a LOUD diner (really loud as I'm from NYC and used to noisy restaurants) and, despite my request, my server did not ask the guy to take it down a notch. Food- The popovers, to start, were good but I was disappointed that no other bread was offered, which is usually the case with steakhouses.- The word that comes to mind when describing the quality of the filet is mediocre. It looked like it had been pulverized with a meat mallet. Pretty bland and not juicy at all.- My friend did enjoy his pork chop and it looked much better than my steak. - The twice baked potato was a big disappointment given that the bottom of it felt rock hard and the whipped potato on top was bland.- The fried apple pies were adequate. My friend really liked the pecan pie.
4	I came here for a bachelor party, and there were some mixed reviews in my crowd.  Most would give this place a 3-star review, but I thought that it deserved a 4-star review.Most in my crowd thought that the steaks were poorly decorated.  But I was not sure what they expected - steak is steak.  And my filet tasted well enough.  It was cooked well for a medium rare plus, which is hard to do.  So I was impressed enough.I also shared salmon with someone, but that definitely could have used more salt.  That surprised me considering that this is Emerald's restaurant, where butter and salt is what he *BAM!* loves.But I had some sides here that I thought were pretty amazing.  The buttered and gratin'd corn here is delicious.  My friends other hand, felt underwhelmed by their mushrooms and asparagus, which I guess I would have to tend to agree.They did have an excellent wine list, however.  I got some bottles of Shafer Relentless for less than double the retail price, which is a great deal considering that I was at an upper-end steakhouse.Lastly, what is noteworthy is that this tends to be a pretty good scene.  So not a bad place for a bachelor's party.
5	Ridiculously Delicious, Best Price Ever, Great Service by Michael Jackson (LOL - yep that's his name) and just a huge surprise all around.  2 of us ordered the Buttermilk Chicken which was - seriously - finger lickin great.  We were a bit Steak'd out after 3 nights of dining and so decided on the Fried Chicken thinking how bad could it be - OMG - you've got to try it.  The bone in filet was also scrumptious - even rare.  The pecan pie desert was straight out of my home town in the South.  Four 4 people I almost fell off my chair when I got the bill it was so low.  For incredible food, exemplary service, great value and a beautiful atmosphere to eat in - ya gotta try Delmonico's... Who knew???  WOW
5	This place is a little gem.  Yes it is very pricey but the service combined with great food make it a great place to dine.  We had the NY Steak and Rib Eye along with the truffle chips, buttered broccoli and the chocolate cake. First the service is impeccable five star all the way.  The hosts have only a few tables and are very accessible while not being overbearing.  They have assistants that are every bit the professional as the hosts.  Was treated very well.The food is amazing.  The steaks are quite large and bone-in meaning great flavor.  I think better than Ruth's Chris even.  The sides were good the truffle chips are highly recommended!  and the pop-overs that they start with are good if not a bit heavy.  The chocolate cake was also great.  The place is pricey for sure but you get what you pay for here.  Highly recommend this place for a great experience!
4	Juicy ribeye and tuna salmon tartare The service was very good here. I really loved the ribeye, tuna salmon tartare, and their complimentary bread. The price is decent for an upscale dining restaurant. I tried other dishes my friends got and they weren't as good. My friends didn't really enjoy their filet mignon. I tried the pork chop and I thought the sauce was very salty. The bacon appetizer was good but tasted a bit salty as well. The creamed corn was very good but I didn't really like the bread crumbs on top of it. The creamed spinach was just ok. The potato side dish was just ok too. If you have an occasion you are celebrating they give you a sorbet. They also gave us a small mousse type dish for being there for the first time so that was nice. The decor is simple and had a nice ambiance. It's a nice place to try in Venetian regardless.
5	Fantastic food, great service.  Much more expensive than what we usually spend on dinner, but so yummy and worth it!  We both had steak for dinner, with sides of salad in the sherry ving., garlic smashed potatoes, and the pecan pie.  I wish we had room to finish the pecan pie, but could only get through half.
4	Ate at the bar here and had a great experience.  Service was attentive and the food delicious.  Ordered the bone in ribeye --- enjoyed the spice rub and the meat was very tender.  Sides of broccoli and mushrooms were great.  And for a Las Vegas steakhouse, the prices were not obnoxious (a la the nearby Cut).   The banana cream pie is incredible --- great way to end your meal.
5	The chicken andouille gumbo is perhaps the best I have ever had and the salt and pepper crust on the filets never disappoints.  I make sure to eat here every trip to Vegas - the food and the service are impeccable.  Also love the Abita products these folks offer (both beer and root beer).
5	Five star service the bone in rub eye was a good size and so favor full and tender that I ate the whole thing , the strawberry shortcake was unbelievable . Unlike anything I had before, my wife loved her scallop and macadanina bread pudding. In fact. It was the olmy bread pudding I liked
4	The first time I was here, the steak was great.  We came back today, and the steak was a bit overcooked thought it was still real good.  The garlic mushroom side order is a must.
5	This is solely for the Chef's Table experience.The bar area, dining room, and professional wait service is on par with spendy steakhouses. The vibe is casual, yet classy and not stuffy or pretentious, but imma talk more about this other thing going on near the kitchen. If you want to catch a glimpse of the restaurant's inner sanctum, with a backstage-VIP-behind-the-scene view of organized chaos that is a proper kitchen service (and willing to pay for the private room setting), then prepare for a premium dinner. Anyone with an unbent iPhone 6+ can snap selfies and food pics these days, but you need just a little more than reservations for this opportunity. Our group was ushered through the dining room and towards the kitchen door, then guided into a side room that was separated from the dining room area. Glass panels allowed us to see the various kitchen workstations. In this fishbowl room, it was cramped quarters, like dudes crammed into a submarine mess hall, but you kinda just get used to it and settle in for the experience. Battle stations!The food (photos uploaded) was brought in by a team of waiters and chefs and placed in front of us in unison at every course. Each tasting was beautifully plated and delicious. Course after course was brought in, and they even paused mid-service to allow diners to return from their nicotine break before bringing in the next round of plates.After all these dinner courses, there isn't much room left in the tummy for dessert. I was expecting maybe something light and sweet to cleanse the palate. Suddenly, these giant platters of everything from the dessert menu appeared! It wasn't just one or two items. So much decadence and it was a surprisingly wonderful grand finale to a spectacular meal.For the amount $$$$pent, we could've went for bottle service, made it rain, or get swindled at a rub-n-tug joint, but we indulged on a magical evening of delightful food pr0n. Would go again if I hit a Vegas jackpot.
4	I would recommend this to anyone that's in Vegas and wants a good steak. The bone in ribeye was certainly amazing, along with appetizers. And I think the price is very reasonable. If I have to complain about anything is that I didn't like the Caesar salad cuz it was drenched in dressing. But everything else was super yummy. Here is what we ordered:Tuna and salmon tartar: omg so good. Combined with the crispy chips, I could order two of it for an entry next time. Fresh oysters: tasted very freshBBQ Shrimp: got it despite yelp reviews say not to. Thought it was pretty good. Nice bbq sauce. Lobster bisque: good but too salty. Tasted better with bread. There were big chunks of lobsters though. Caesar salad: it was made table side. Nothing spectacular, and way too much dressing. Bone in rib eye: AmazingNew York Strip: pretty good but wasn't as good as the rib eye. Salmon: forgot the exact name but it was very good. It had like gumbo style things on the bottom which made it interesting. Garlic mushroom side: good Garlic mash potatoes: just goes so well with the rib eye.
5	Best steak in Vegas!!! Service was GREAT! The side mushrooms was bomb!!! It's a must go when in Vegas! Well go back there again!
2	Nice place. Good steaks, delicious sides, good service. A bit overpriced, but not bad for Vegas. The only problem was with my salad. The egg was overcooked, and when I asked for another, they didn't bring a new salad, just a new egg, which turned out to be overcooked as well. I gave up and started eating the salad anyway, and when I pulled out a long dark curly hair, I stopped. They took the salad away, and three people apologized, but they didn't offer me another appetizer. They did make up for the unconvinced by comping our corkage, dessert, and, of course, the salad. It was a nice way to make up, but we didn't find out about that until the end of the meal.
5	The steak was cooked perfectly and was worth the price. In addition, we ordered the truffle potato chips and devoured them in minutes. I also got a lychee drink which was pretty good but probably too expensive for me to ever order again. But if we're ever back in Vegas, we'll be sure to drop by this restaurant again for the steak!
5	Ate there back in April.  Man what a great place. My friend and I had the NY Strip with the twice bake potato and caesar salad was good.  Plan on trying a steak house over at Caesars Palache's in January but may be heading back to Delmonicos as well.
4	Bone-in ribeye was the bomb.They cook the steaks as precise as you could get for medium and medium rare lovers out there.  No need to temperature down when being asked in anticipation of the kitchen cooking the crap out of your steak, what you ask for is what you get.I was here was some buddies for a random Vegas trip and we decided to do it big at Delmonico.  The experience was great.  The ambiance is a little bit more on the "date night" side of the spectrum, but the service is awesome and the steaks and sides are delicious.  Make reservations and don't stress about the price, it's a special occasion.  Even if it's not a special occasion, it will be when you steak comes at exactly the right temperature.
5	Impeccable service & the ambiance was right on. We had the cowboy ribeye and was top notch, the au gratin potatoes were recommended and was not let down and the mushrooms were OH SO GOOD! We were over stuffed but had to try the infamous banana cream pie.... AMAZING.
4	After a quick drink at Public House, I was feeling pretty good, and hungry, and a little buzzed. Here's how my conversation with our waiter began:Me: "What kind of bread is this?"Waiter: "They're popovers sir."Me: "Has anyone ever commented that they're shaped like dicks?" Waiter: "Haha, no sir, very good observation sir." Yup, their popovers were pretty much shaped like dicks. They were a bit cold, oily, and combined with the refrigerated butter (one of my pet peeves at restaurants), a big disappointment. Despite the phallic start to dinner, the rest of the meal and service was excellent. The recommended lobster bisque was a great way to cleanse my palate of that bread. There were big chunks of lobster meat and the bisque was well-seasoned without going overboard with the salt. Delmonico is known for their bone-in ribeye so I ordered that medium-rare. The steak was more on the medium side, but no complaints here as it was just as juicy and tender. No steak is complete without a side of creamed spinach, which was done well. All sides are portioned to be shared. Despite a misstep with my friend's order (bone-in NY strip instead of boneless), service was spot on.
4	Great steak but disappointing service for the price.  Went here for a friend's bachelor party.  We all got bone-in ribeyes medium rare (of course) with multiple sides and starters.  Unfortunately, mine came out clearly at medium well.  Which would be fine if I were not paying 50+ dollars to enjoy the wonderful dry-aged (etc., etc.) beef.  The steak still tasted good but not as great as it could have been.  I brought this to the attention of the waiter, who offered to bring me a new steak, but I did not wish to wait 15 minutes while my friends ate.  At the end of the meal, the waiter offered a free desert to make up for the steak, but we were all too full to enjoy one, so I declined.  No other offers were made to compensate for the overcooked steak (could have made any one of the drinks, appetizers or sides we ordered) and when the check arrived, the waiter had mistakenly added an extra bottle of wine to the tab (when brought to his attention, he removed it of course).  I know these are minor complaints, but having waited tables at much cheaper restaurants, I have found a way to make it up to a customer when mistakes were made.  I expect at least the same when a table is spending 400 dollars in your restaurant.  So all in all, the food was great, service good, but not up to par for the money you will spend.
5	Walked in on a Sunday evening, no reservations. Portion sizes are excellent especially for the price and the upscale vibe. Was thinking it was going to be small portions, but not so. The bone-in ribeye and their special of the day, bison short rib, were delicious and cooked to perfection. Would definitely come back. Very trendy busy, but worth the experience: excellent.
5	Great Experience. We had a couple of friends in town and this place came highly Recommended. The cherry martini is so good! I could eat a bowl of the liquor soaked cherries they put in it! We had the bbq shrimp, lobster bisque, and the bacon for appetizers! We ate those too quickly to get pics! The guys got Rib Eyes. Ladies got fillet both were stellar! The ribeye had more flavor! The sides we got we're all great. Asparagus, twice baked potato, creamed corn, and potato Gratin. For dessert, Banana Cream Pie and Pineapple upside down cake. Our bill before tip was over $400 but well worth every penny!
5	Hands down the best steak I've ever had, the bone in ribeye was amazing! I loved the garlic mushrooms and the twice baked potatoes too. Not only was the food perfect but the service was phenomenal. My friends and I popped in off the street with no reservation and not dressed up at all. Even though we completely stood out, we were shown to out seats immediately and we didn't get one dirty look from any of our 3 waiters!  I will return to vegas in the future if only to eat here again!!!!
3	Steak was very good, sides were ok, and our waiter was helpful but didn't look to be overly excited about working.
5	One of the best meals of my life. Gumbo,  Filet, oliver style was delectable.  A nice 2010 bottle of wine from emerils own collection.  White choco macadamia nut  bread pudding.Oh and the twice baked potato was like silk!Service was great too, very attentive.
5	i ate here on 10-27-14 around 5:30 pm.  i enjoyed my dining experience in the bar.  the hostess staff was very friendly.  the bar staff did a great job too.  they took the time to go over the menu and to have some small talk.  made the dining experience more enjoyable.for dinner i ordered the bone in ribeye.  i really enjoyed this steak more than "the cut" which was in the palazzo.  my delmonico ribeye had more flavor and juices!  i enjoyed my free bread basket too.  the side of smashed potatoes were great!  i went with the bar servers recommendation of trying the banana cream pie.  not my cup of tea but i enjoyed my pie.i enjoyed my steak, the staff and overall had a great time.  my bill before tip was $86.  i would definitely go back again!
5	I'm still dreaming about this meal. We don't often spend this kind of money on a dinner out, but this was a special night out in Vegas, so why not? Let me tell you, it was worth every penny. Top items include:Delmonico cocktail. It was heaven, but I love gin and grapefruit and it was a perfect mix. The truffle chips. Oh my goodness they were so good. The steak my husband ordered melted in your mouth. It was perfectly cooked to order and had fantastic taste. I ordered seared scallops, a special. Totally amazing. We went with our servers recommendation on dessert, the flourless chocolate torte. I'm still pining over it. Above all, the service was phenomenal. We had a table of 8 and we always had an attentive server ready to answer any questions, provide recommendations that were always spot on, or even help us find a lost card. Great spot!
5	Dinner with my wife and 6 family members...no problem with reservations for this large part of a party.  Service was outstanding!  We all agreed that the steaks were some of the best we had ever eaten!  Seafood tower was very good!  Sides were very tasty and the creamed corn was SO GOOD!  Not sure how they prepared it, but it was some of the best ever.  Will definitely include this restaurant in our future visits to Las Vegas!
5	This is my second visit to one of emeril's steakhouses. Like the chophouse I visited previously, the service and food were out of this world. It's not a cheap eat, but it's one of the best steaks you'll ever have!
5	I had dinner here couple weeks ago with all my team members from work, party of 7. Everything that we ordered was great and it's like you can't go wrong with all the dishes.
5	I really enjoyed the medium-rare rib eye as it was seasoned and cooked to perfection, but what I enjoyed even more were the pork chops!  Bone in tender chops cooked barely pink covered in a delicious, light sauce.  I'm getting moist just thinking about it.
5	Had an outstanding dinner last week. It was over the top. The dry aged prime grade bone in new york was the best. try the banana cream pie. will be hard to eat out after that service.
4	After three years of waiting, I finally found myself back to Delmonico Steakhouse. Why did I come here out of all the other excellent steak houses on the Las Vegas strip?1 reason: Truffle Parmesan potato chips. they are like crack, you simply can't stop eating them :)I ordered the Certified Piedmontese steak, NY Strip steak ($60), grilled in olive oil, sea salt, roasted garlic and rosemary. At 16 ounces, each tender bite was worth every dollar.Girlfriend ordered the grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup and said it was very good.Service is impeccable with a three person staff dedicated to your table and they make your experience worth the high price tag that is at Delmoncio!
2	If it was not for the price I probably would consider giving it three stars... 1) wine here is overpriced ALOT 2) we ordered bone-in rib eye as median but got almost well-done 3) lamb was tasteless 4) service was mediocre. Overall I had a really hard time giving more than 2 stars for a restaurant that's supposed to be such high-end but has no idea how to cook steak median...
5	Probably one of the best meals and service I have ever experienced. They operate on a team-style of service, though our main server, I believe his name was Mike was fantastic. Started a little slow, but we went above and beyond my expectations! Started with a bottle of champagne and then a bottle of red with dinner. They keep the bottles for you off the table, so you never pour on your own and your drink is never empty. Though we may have over-ordered the table-side Caesar and table-side chateaubriand were phenomenal. Perfectly prepared and delicious. I could not have enjoyed myself more! Thank you for an amazing date night in Vegas!
5	First of all I've been here a couple of times and it was always a great meal with great service. In my opinion they have THE best steaks anywhere. This time it was my birthday and they went all out. We sat in the private backroom with a view of the kitchen. We had the chef's tasting menu in which the chef serves a 4 course meal of his choosing. It is hard to describe with out writing a short novel. Let me just summarize. We had a salad, seared tuna, lamb, and steak. It's The best meal and service I've ever had! It was like having a personal chef and complete wait staff just for us. We got a personal tour of the kitchen by the chef after dinner. Then after we were all stuffed to the gills, in comes every desert they have to offer and just about everyone on staff to sing "Happy Birthday". Everyone was so personable. I felt like they were all my friends. They would do whatever it takes to make you happy! Yes! it's pricy, but so worth it. My only regret was not wearing elastic pants.
5	Delmonico serves up superb cuts of meat!  I'd recommend going with the bone-in ribeye... so tender, juicy, and flavorful!  And don't skimp on the sides, order at least 2-3 even if it's just for a party of 2.  I loved the caesar salad.  There's something nice about slicing your own leaves of romaine in a salad.The service here is nice and efficient.  It's what you would expect when dining at a restaurant of this calibre.
5	Steak was cooked to perfection. Service in general excellent!
5	My husband and I dined here for my 40th birthday. We were treated like royalty and loved every minute. He had the chateaubriand and I had the salmon. Both were incredible. I can't wait to visit Vegas again just to eat here!
3	I've walked by Delmonico and stopped to look at the menu many times as I've gone through restaurant row on my way to/from the parking garage at the Palazzo.  With a show later, I made an early reservation for Delmonico.  I was promptly greeted and seated.I knew the steaks were large unless I got a petit filet (not my favorite cut of steak) so I ordered a bone in ribeye, a side of cheesy grits with bacon, and then bread pudding for dessert. I had a trio of servers who took good care of service.  I ordered the steak cooked blue and it was close to that but a bit beyond.  The steak was quite average.  The steak was pre-seasoned and it was OK.  The star of dinner was the cheesy grits with bacon.  They were very good!The bread pudding was white chocolate macadamia nut with creme Anglaise.  It was OK, too.The dinner never had any wow factor to merit the prices charged.  Things were average except the grits.  I thought the dried branches on the poinsettia on the wall by my table reflected the lack of attention to detail one would expect of a high end restaurant like Delmonico.  Service was very good and the servers were friendly but I left feeling somewhat disappointed.  Well, at least they're be no need to stop and peruse the menu anymore.
4	Oh good lawwwwd....did someone say STEAKKK?!?!I recently came to Vegas from DC for a bachelor party and this was our one "nice" meal for the weekend. I decided to eat the Wagyu and it came with mashed sweet potato. It was sooo good. Cooked awesomely by the chef. What made it even better was eating it with the many sides we ordered. Surprisingly I loved the cream of spinach, but my favorite side was the potato gratin. Unfortunately there are so many different places to eat in Vegas...I don't know if I'll ever get to come back here.Def need to try it at least once!
5	I've been here a few times.... All I have to say is....Finally a place that knows how make a steak!  I came here for dinner and lunch.  I also had a chance to try their burger. The juiciest and tastiest burger I have ever had. I would definitely come back for future meals as well as recommend this place to others.
2	Major letdown. Maybe quality of food have went down.Came here for bachelor party. Had a private room. Pork chop was better than the ribeye and tbone.Foie gras was on menu but i didn't  care too much for. Better off with bacon appetizer. Quite good.Seafood tower was lacking in quality.
4	The food was okay/good and service was great.  The service made our okay meal a better experience. When my bf and I were first seated, we were asked if we were celebrating anything. We told them our anniversary and was served a complimentary amuse-bouche and sorbet dessert at the end.Yay:-Truffle Parmesan potato chips: freshly made and amazing in flavor. You can taste all the elements of this working well together. I thought the truffle oil was going to overwhelm the dish but it was nicely perfumed throughout and complimented the freshly grated Parmesan. The chips were thin, crispy and airy. I almost ate the whole thing before my meal but had to stop myself. Other:-Ribeye steak special: the special of the day was a petite rib eye with foie gras. The steak otherwise would have been bland had it not been for the foie gras. It was perfectly cooked to my medium rare preference. -Ribeye: my bf got the regular ribeye without the special and it come out to be almost the same size as my petite filet. It was slightly seasoned more than mine. However when we reheated the leftover steaks, mine held up better and the foie gras melted into the meat flavoring it better than this one. -Mashed potatoes: just regular, nothing fancy.
3	Food: (3/5) "For quality and taste, go to another steakhouse"The bone in ribeye ($55) was mediocre, not as good and tenderized as I expected. I come from Northern California and steakhouses like Flemings or Alexander's offer far better steaks. I even thought that Texas Roadhouse was a better steak and better cooked.Price for the ribeye is average for a steakhouse.Ordered it medium-rare and came in a bit over cooked. I didn't find much of the broiled flavor to it. Service: (3/5) - "Not worth the $100 gratuity.."The waiter was not very sociable and a bit to dry. We initially got the attention/service you'd expect from a restaurant like this, but during the middle of the dinner our waiter disappeared on us. The first time we needed him it took us a while to get him, and the second time I couldn't wait anymore and directly stood up to find him. Environment: (5/5) "the best amenity in this restaurant"Pretty decor. Well dressed staff. Nice colors.Very comfy.I'm
4	We were seated promptly for our 5:30 p.m. reservation on Monday, 12/29/2014. Front of house service was exceptional. The food took a while to make it to the table, which was a little surprising as the restaurant was not busy. My wife loved her filet. My bone in ribeye was good, but by far not the best I've had. The meat was over fatty. The sides were very tasty, including the asparagus and the twice baked potato. I would go again, but I'd order the filet instead of the ribeye.
5	We have been several times now and it is a wonderful experience. Truly special. The staff are so friendly and attentive. They recommended dishes for us based on our likes. It really felt like they were committed to ensuring we were well cared for during our entire time. When we ordered coffee one of our friends went to the restroom. We were all enjoying our coffee when she returned. No sooner had she sat down one of the servers filled her cup so it would be nice and hot. It's those special touches that make this place so special. Now for the food. Delicious! The bone in ribeye is amazing and the salmon is delightful. The sides are served family style and honestly you cannot go wrong with any of them. We loved the corn dish was our favorite. We cannot thank the staff enough for such a wonderful dining experience.
5	This restaurant is amazing! We started with the BBQ Shrimp & Oysters. Then my husband got the Shrimp & Grits. But what satisfied me (and had flavors that I will continue to search for) was the Pappardelle Pasta with Wild Mushrooms. It had (and I quote from the menu) Fresh White Italian Truffles, Parmesan Reggiano, Vermont Butter and Local Chives. I can't wait to come back just to get this, but it was a special, so hopefully they will have it!The staff was great too. Very helpful and not stuffy at all. I told our waiter I was craving pasta (which is limited on their menu) and he said they could make me a shrimp scampi on the fly.And I thought their digital wine list was so cool!
4	So this review is going to be two sided since we had mixed experiences. Let me start out by saying this is my 3rd Emeril's restaurant in Vegas. The other two places Fish House and Table 10 are always on the half priced ticket booth so a discount is always possible but given this is a steakhouse in The Venetian no discount. We came here on Dec 30th before our Marroon 5 concert. Securing a reservation over the phone a few days ahead of time was easy. We had wine, appetizers,2 main entrees,2 side dishes and a dessert. The service and customer service here is exceptional. We tried the lobster bisque, pasta special appetizer, BBQ shrimp, Cajun Ribeye, Filet Mignon, Gratin potatoes, Mushrooms and the Choc cake. Most of the food was delicious but a few fell short like the Ribeye and choc cake. the ribeye was overcooked, not that tender and lacking seasoning. The choc cake was dry and previously frozen. The special pasta appetizer was good but not excellent or anything I would mention ordering again. The filet was delicious and the demi glaze sauce was the highlight. The BBQ shimp were delicious along with the little biscuit that comes with it. The lobster bisque was creamy and seasoned well. My server let me try a sample before deciding on a main appetizer. When asked about our dining experience- we were completely honest with the manager and our server. The main issue was how long we waited for our meal and the $55 ribeye didn't live up to his name. They also forgot to put in one of our appetizers. However, this place gets a four instead of a three because of the amazing customer service we received as a guest. They expedited our food and when we received the bill the ribeye, 2 appetizers, and the cake was taken off our entire bill which to me speaks volumes about how great their customer relations and service is. They have a name to live up to . We had a mixed dining experience but I would probably come back and give this place another chance due to the outstanding customer service. Keep up the good work.
5	Had my second visit here recently during a long weekend in Vegas.  The food, service and prices were right on point!$55 for the bone-in rib eye is a steal.  It is huge and enough to feed two people.  Needless to say, my party of 4 ordered way too much food.  We had two bone-in rib eyes ($55 each, probably about 20 oz. each), the flounder ($40), BBQ salmon ($36), sauteed mushrooms, asparagus and mashed potatoes.  The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the mashed potatoes.  It had a pasty texture to it.  I prefer my mashed potatoes fluffy.  We topped off the night with a slice of the banana cream pie.  OMG -- I had it three years ago on another visit and hadn't stopped thinking about it.  I wish we hadn't ordered so many entrees so I could have had my own slice!We asked for both steaks to be cooked medium.  It was a PERFECT medium!I seriously can't wait to go back to Vegas.  Emeril never disappoints so I find myself frequenting all of his establishments in the city. P.S.  The lobby area is nice.  Lots of seats and big screen TVs.  We topped off the night by watching the end of the USC-Nebraska Holiday Bowl game.  Go Trojans!  We won... barely.  Phew.
