5	Great service and decent prices. Very happy that I chose Jose to trim my trees and bushes. Very knowledgable and quick. Very easy to make appointments as well.
5	After several bad experiences with landscapers in the area I am very glad that I found C & A in Yelp reviews.  He is the most knowledgeable landscaper I have ever found.  He understands what our type of plants in Arizona need.  Outstanding work, great prices, on time and professional!  Will never use any other service!
5	My tree was fell and snapped by the darn storm last week. I called Jose to come over to give us an estimation. He came on the same day and gave us a very reasonable price. We were very surprised he didn't increase the price due to the demands of the landscapers by the storm damage in Phoenix. What surprised me more is his work is beyond my expectation. He was very details on the weeds picking (and even sprayed  weed killer), bushes trimming, and of course clean-up my fell tree. Overall he is very fast, professional, and very good job of the works. Highly recommended of him and I am glad I choose C&A to help me out. Definitely will have him to help me next time.
2	This is regards to a commercial property I own in Peoria even though I live in California. I will give him an extra star for at least going out to my property and let me know he had an estimate.  After that he was not to be heard from again.  I called him to let me know what his estimate would be.  Called him again and gave him both my number and email to please email me an estimate.  Both times he decided he didn't want to follow up.  Not saying he might not do good work but I felt this guy let me down.Hope others have better luck.UPDATE: I tried to call him again after he said I never worked with him but he again goes to voicemail and at this point I have found another landscaper that seems to be more reliable.
5	Jose is the guy if you want any landscaping work done.  I called Jose on trimming the trees and doing a desert landscaping.  He took time out from his busy schedule and came over to give me an overall estimate for tree trimming.  His price and service were both exceptional.  Jose is an honest person with a lot of experience.  Overall, I am a very satisfied customer.
5	The first time I met and talked to Jose was when I just moved to my new home and had him came for an estimate of some landscape work.  That was last year, and too much moving stuffs made me forget about his estimate. The second time was a couple of days ago. He was coming and did the cleanup on my rental property. Both times, Jose is very professional and knowledgeable. He came and give me an estimate for the frontyard. I met him the next day asking him to also do some cleaning to the backyard. He went to the backyard to take a look and said that since there is not too much in the backyard, he will keep the price the same. How nice of him doing extra work for the same price! It was dark at that time, and he had to come back the next day to finish the job. I came back to the house yesterday looking at the yard and was so pleased of how clean and nice it is. Jose took care of everything he said he would do without me being present. I really appreciate that. Thank you Jose.
