1	I don't understand how people think this place is good. The food has no flavor. NONE. I understand Madison is far away from the border but come on, it feels like sham to me. If you are going to advertise as Mexican food then at least put some real dishes on the menu. Very disappointed.
4	We've had really good experiences here. On the last trip, my "enchiladas guadelajaras" were excellent, topped with fresh lettuce/tomatoes and guacamole. Very fresh and delicious. My wife's "enchilada poblano" was similarly excellent. The mole sauce was rich. We enjoyed the Laredo margarita and a dessert flan. The only mild criticism is that the dining room (like most other restaurants) can get really loud. But we'll be back.
4	We LOVE the nachos with shrimp and scallops (nachos con mariscos). Around $10 and enough for two.  Plenty of seafood and spicy cheese.  The margaritas are just average, but the nachos are not to be missed.
5	I am from chicagoland where we Mexican restaurants every 5 feet.  This place is one of the best.  Any place where you eat refried beans like pudding is saying something.  Not to mention awesome salsa, solid dishes; all with great flavor!
4	Situated on the side of a major commuter highway is this nondescript little brick building that would appear to house nothing but just another greasy Tex-Mex restaurant shelling out food just a cut above Taco Bell for quintuple the price.And when you walk in that seems to be confirmed...pink walls, tile floors, mariachi music...everything about it will remind you of your typical suburban "Mexican" restaurant experience, so I was very pleasantly surprised to find that the food went far above and beyond my expectations. I thought I came in knowing exactly what I was getting myself into.Instead for around $20 (and this includes tip+tax) my girlfriend and I were presented with a very high-quality lunch of fajitas and salad that I am more accustomed to expecting from a place that markets itself as upscale. The seasoning was excellent, the meat was juicy and high-quality, the salad was fresh and unique.
4	stopped by for lunch on a Sunday.  I forgot how much I enjoy the kick ass margarita's at this place.  The simple standard marg, blended with salt is awesome.Beyond that I orderd the Chimichanga Verde.  It was a spinach tortilla filled with a wonderful mix of pork, peppers and onions.  The green "verde" sauce was flavorful.  It could have used a little more "kick" for my palate yet all aound a great meal.Once again the only reason this place didn't get 5 stars is service.  It wasn't super busy yet the waiter seemed to disappear near the end of my meal and I waited forever to get the check.
4	I have to admit, we love Laredos, but only order one thing...the nachos con mariscos.  They are so good we never order anything else.  The margaritas are good, but a little sweet for my taste.The service is good and the bartenders are quite friendly.
4	We live in the area and I never thought to come here before now even though I often crave Mexican food.The place definitely satisfied my cravings.First of all, the house guacamole is to die for. It comes in a huge stone bowl and the avocados are perfectly ripe and seasoned just right.I ordered the enchiladas with mole sauce, and it was richly flavorful. The spanish rice that accompanied the dish was so good that I finished it first and wanted more, I usually don't feel this way about rice.I also thought the service was great, it's a friendly place.
1	I am a long time customer of both Laredo's and Mi Cocina (Cocina Real) in Middleton (they have the same owners). I went out for dinner last night at the Hilldale branch and had a very bad experience. I was dismayed because it was so atypical to what I usually experience when I visit Laredos.The Good:The host, Jesus, was pleasant and friendly! He did an excellent job of seating us and bringing us our chips and salsa. He provided great service and had an awesome attitude. Unfortunately, this is where the good part of my visit ends. The Bad:Our server, in stark contrast to Jesus, was quite disappointing. First of all, he screwed up my drink order, bringing me a blended Margarita instead of one on the rocks as I had ordered. When I politely sent my drink back, he had a bad attitude about it. The replacement Margarita that he gave me tasted as though it had no alcohol in in. I would not be surprised if this was his way of "getting back at me". This alone really wasn't all that big of a deal and I wouldn't be writing except for what happened next. My dining partner ordered a steak taco salad. He was brought a taco salad with scallops. We told our waiter about the mistake and asked for a steak taco salad. He the proceeded to ARGUE  with us and said that we did order scallops. My companion is actually allergic to seafood, and I can assure you he did not order scallops. The correct salad was eventually brought to us after about 30 minutes, but not after our waiter basically abandoned our table. He stopped refilling our waters, and he never brought us the refill of chips and salsa we requested. And Lord knows what they did to the taco salad. I actually can't believe my companion was brave enough to eat it. We did not leave a tip. Unfortunately, I did not catch the waiter's name, but I wrote an explanation on our receipt as to why there was no tip given. For the record, I generally give 15-20% for average service, and 25% for excellent service. I was just so irked that this waiter ruined our dinner that I couldn't reward him. Finally, the food wasn't up to par. I feel like they've cheapened the quality of their food of late. I might as well have gone to Taco Bell. I am not sure that I will return to any Laredo's establishment for quite a long time, if at all.
