5	I spoke with the owner on the phone who had a vast amount of knowledge and experience in the industry. I explained I had a rental property and that the previous tenants had trashed the property. He stated that the deluxe package would make the carpets look beautiful for renting. He offered a very fair price and the work that they did was FANTASTIC!!! I was extremely please with work.
5	I first called at night and i got their recorded message. The prices sounded very good and they said ask about our power scrub and shampoo, it leaves carpet like brand new.  well I gave them a try and it really looks like brand new and my carpet is almost 14 years old.  Hats off to Aardvark !!!!Sincerely Art I.
5	I called to get prices to get my couch cleaned and was happy to be greeted by a very professional man who gave me the ins and outs of the products he uses and how the couch would be cleaned. I do a lot of shopping around and I have to say they have the best prices!! My couch looks amazing and they were able to remove all the stains!!! To top it off... Later that day the owner called me to let me know he was sending me a 15$ refund because they were running a special that day that the technician didn't know about but they still wanted to give it to me!!! Very honest if you ask me. Would recommend!!!
5	I needed some help trying to clean the carpets where I live. I had pet stains in the carpet that I tried to get out with the rental carpet cleaners that would disappear and then return later. It would even smell after a few days. So I called Aardvark and they told me what needed to be done and how much it would cost me. I told them that I would tell everyone about them if they get the stains out and smell good. They got the stains out and my carpets smell great now. They truly know what they are doing. Two thumbs up.
5	I've used Aardvark on several occasions in the past and they have always been good - this time...they were Great!!!  It seems that they have upgraded their equipment and it really makes a difference.  Good Job Aardvark!!!
5	After calling around for hours pricing cleaning on a large area rug, I had given up and figured I would be better off replacing it.  I called Aardvark last, and  I wish I had called them first.  The gentleman on the phone was friendly and knowledgeable.  His price was fair.  When the crew arrived for the appointment, they were on time, clean, professional, friendly, thorough, and quick.  I will recommend Aardvark every time and plan to use them in the future.
5	The pictures of the stairs were what made me call.  They did an amazing job on the stairs and other carpet cleaning.  I gave them 5 stars but wanted to give 10.
5	I was on a time crunch to get my carpets cleaned before a final walk through on a rental I was moving out of. Aardvark was at my property at 8am the next day after I called. They offered a groupon discount before I even asked and the carpets look amazing. They are white and I honestly never thought they would get the high traffic wear and stains out. But thanks to aardvark they look brand new! I'll definitely be calling them again.
5	I love this company! Not only did they do a better carpet cleaning then all the other companies I've EVER had here in Las Vegas - seriously. The owner Hal, was knowledgeable, he got me the time I needed, cared and then he followed up when the job was over. Hal sent over Austin to clean my carpets, what a gentleman - he spent so much time on them sprayed specific chemicals for specific spots- not just one style of generic spray  - they ave never looked better! BEST CARPET COMPANY in LAS VEGAS!
5	I m loving YELP reviewers! I had a house close right at the end of a lease and needed  last minute carpet care, as in "today, right now". I was given a discount and flexible scheduling and the the technician they sent "Guy" was extremely detailed. Carpets look and Feel new! Smell great too :)
5	Great company, will continue to use them any time I need my carpets cleaned!
5	These guys were good, they arrived on time and cleaned the carpets well.There was one ink stain that we noticed the next day  (after everything was dry) was still there.  We called them, and they came back the next day with some specialist cleaner for the ink stain, which has now gone.Very good service, went above and beyond/
5	Amazing customer service and reasonable prices.  I will definitely be going to them again soon and have already referred them to several friends.
5	Found this company on here. Compared the prices to others and these were the cheapest for the same service.  I was very impressed! Guy called to let me know he was on his way. Showed up on time and did an amazing job! Guy was very professional and very hard working. Would totally use this company again!
5	First time they cleaned my rental. They went the extra mile as the carpet was in desperate need of cleaning. Can't say enough good things about their professionalism and I plan on using them for my house as well. Thanks to Yelp for helping me to find them!
5	Excellent job.  I had to have my apartment carpet cleaned for turnover after almost two years in the apartment with a pet.  I know the technician put a lot of extra effort into cleaning my carpet.  After he was done, the carpet was like new.  I got my full security and pet deposits back.  Great job!  Highly recommend.
