4	I really like this place.  Not only do you get chips and salsa, you get re-fried beans when the chips come out.  Plates are fair priced and the specials of the month are always a nice deal.  I have never had a problem with the service, food is always hot and fresh and tasty.  I would recommend for sure and if you play some, your dinner could be free (or the hundreds of dollars  you lost to the one armed bandits!!!)
3	I really like the food at this place and I have gone here a lot.  How can you mess up Mexican Food?  Some do, and in my opinion, Amigo's doesn't.  My biggest problem is the service.  The service is never great.  It's never bad enough to not come back but it is always annoying.  Chips come out quickly, food comes out fast, and then they always seem to have the biggest problem bringing the check.  It's just ridiculous.  If the food wasn't good, I'd give the place a 1, and if the service wasn't bad, I'd give it a 4.  Here they are, right in the middle.  Oh, and they do have some good specials and pitchers of beer are cheap too.  $6 I think but they have to bring them from the bar and it takes them forever.
3	I was totally surprised this place is good. The food is cheap and quick but very tasty.
2	This is the 2nd time I've eaten here. The first time I came here I had the pick 2 combo whch was enchiladas.  the 2nd time I was here was on New Years Day after filling up on $1 beer in the sports book. I dont remember what my bf ordered but I went with Beef Fajitas. The plate came out sizzling hot and smelled very good. I dont really eat tortillas but it came with a side plate of rice and beans. the beans are kinda runny and the rice is very much like what you would get out of the box of rice-a -roni. Well I love san francisco as much as the next person but this was not my fave rice but after a few beers it wasnt too bad. The fajitas were very small portioned. I know my bf took several stabs at my food but compared with other places I think I'd rather order something else next time. I guess I'm just so used to taking a box home to go- and this time .. there was no box to pack and it was rather greasy. Better yet to go to Los compadres on Trop and order some fajita meat to cook up or order some of their ready made food.
4	We have been here a number of times and have always felt we got a good meal for our money.  It is not the fanciest place but hey, it's a place to eat. As others have mentioned you start with freshly made chips and two types of salsa, as well as a bowl of refried beans, a nice combination.  If you want more salsa, just ask.  For me the chips is just a vehicle for the salsa to ride so I always go thru a lot of salsa. For dinner I usually order the enchilada's but on our last trip we all got the all you can eat tacos for $6.99.  What a deal.  You have a choice of beef, chicken or fish.  I started with chicken thinking they would be fairly small so I could try the others.  But by the time I got done with my first plate (and all the chips and salsa) I was already almost full.  But being a huge fan of fish tacos I just had to try some.  They brought them out and they were a very decent size piece of fish.  The garnish was just about right and the sauce was tasty.  Although for me I think they could have put a bit more sauce on the taco.Dang, "where's the beef?"  I never did get to the beef taco. Next time we go I think I will ask for a variety of tacos on the first run to make sure I have room to sample them all.My only complaint: the Margaritas were a bit on the spendy side.You can have dinner here for under $10 but $10 to $15 is more the norm depending on your choice of beverage.
4	I had to update this review.  I go to this place all the time and the past 6 or 7 times the service has been much better.  'Tiny' is probably the best server here.  He's funny, personable, and he gets the job done.  The food is always consistent and now they've added a salsa bar.  Their chicken or beef flauta is great!  I love to go to new places but when I want mexican food, I want to go somewhere that I know is gonna be good.  Other than Carlito's Burritos, this is the spot for me.
1	A few of my friends went to Amigo's inside Fiesta Henderson on a Wednesday night for dinner.  We went there because we heard they have great Mexican food for relatively inexpensive prices. Both of those things were true.The food was good. My wife and I split a chicken fajitas and couldn't finish all of the plate. The restaurant serves multiple salsas and hot bean dip with chips before the meal, and we were so hungry, we ended up snacking a little too much on them!The food was good, the prices (except a $2 side of cheese) were decent, but the service was Terrible (notice the capital "T"). We had an older lady serve us and from the moment we came in, our experience was terrible. She asked us if we would want anything else from the kitchen because they had to close down (we were in and out much before closing). She walked away in the middle of a conversation with me and was just generally rude.I only write this because I have had similar experiences with the waitstaff here before. I know yelp is not a place to rant, but it's a legitimate concern for all of us who are considering a place to eat. I had such a terrible experience that I will not eat there again. At least not on a Wednesday night.
3	Second visit here. First time, the service was extremely horrible and the waitress got the order wrong..not once...not twice...but 3 times. Some old lady, very inattentive and rude. Management had so many complaints they comped the whole restaurant.Tonights visit...much better, service was alot better. 2 of us got the fajitas, which were good, vegetables could have been seared a touch longer. Beverages stayed full, but the margaritas were a touch watered down & pricey. The other party ordered a combo plate and it was devoured quickly. I felt that the food was a little bland (but better bland then overpower it) and a little salt was needed.They also have the $1 2-spot win a $15 coupon keno games there. We played $30 worth and ended up winning $60 dollars in coupons which almost covered the cost of the meal, so that was a great investment. Plus the keno runner tonight was very friendly too (but probably bored and she said it was extremely slow for her).Overall, this visit was a 3 star, its an average run-of-the-mill mexican restaurant.
1	Worst service I've had in my life!!! Avoid this restaurant!!! After 2 mins of sitting the waitress comes to take our order. And after notifying her I needed more time she disappeared for 20 mins before coming back. I didn't see her for the rest of the night, but the table next to me got to see her 4 times! Another waiter brought out the food. Which was completely wrong and ice cold. Asked for the manager and waited another 15 mins before he decided he got around to my table. All in all we just got up and left. I will never return to this horrendous restaurant.
3	We were hungry and did not want to eat at Denny's or Ala Cart Steak house; so we came here for some Mexican food.  The food was ok and the service was mediocre.  I am from san diego so I expect great things from a Mexican food place such as Amigo's.  So I was not impressed or disappointed but I did walk away with a full belly and way over priced food bill.   Will not return any time soon!
4	A bang for your buck. The $9 fajitas with rice beans chips and a margarita was great. Come hungry because it is enough food for two meals!
1	Went for the 9 dollar fajitas and margarita.  We were very disappointed.  Arrived at 500 pm on Memorial Day and the place was busy.   We placed our order and watched for 45 minutes the bartender next door grab every fajita dish that the cooks made, clealy our order came out twice and he snatched it away to give to newly arrived bar patrons.   At 600 pm we finally complained and at 615 we were given steak and chicken that tasted like it had been sitting out for hours.   It was awful and we became sick the next day.   I heard other patrons complaining as well about the bully bartender with the glasses.  Do not eat the 9 dollar fajita special!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	About a year ago I used to go here practically every weekend.  However about a year ago something changed the food not as good as it used to be. One of my favorites used to be sizzling fajitas however now the quality is just not good they used to bring it to your table smoking and sizzling, they don't do that any more. Also the quality of the food is just not good any more either, for example the shrimp do not smell fresh and are now very tiny. If you chose to grande your fajitas which means upsize the meat portion they don't give you much more meat like they used to. Overall it used to be great food now it's just blah.
1	Yuck.  I'm not sure how they can call this Mexican.  The service was crap.  The food was crap.  Stay away!
4	Attended a Beer pairing dinner! All of the food and service were excellent
2	I feel horrible writing a bad review, but this is really gross.  I forgot what my parents ordered but they hated it. My order wasnt too bad, but then again, I got chicken wings, you cant really mess up on chicken wings.  The service was good they were really nice, but they were really slow.  If I stay at Fiesta again I will not be coming back.
4	Thinking of cheap Americanized Mexican food and cheap cocktails.... Come here. Our server was awesome, the food was prompt and delicious.  There was a salsa bar and unlimited chips to go with it.  They gave us an extra margarita on accident!!!! I've been looking at the other reviews for this place and I have to say... I thought I was judgemental!!! All I want is a server who doesn't hover but knows when to refill my glass, a friendly smile, good food, good cocktails. The prices can't be beat and my server... I think his name was Luis but I'm not sure... Always had my glass refilled.  There's nothing worse than an empty glass and a thirsty patron.
4	Inside the Fiesta Henderson. There is a good size bar that you can order from too. Chips and salsa bar is awesome, service was good.I Ordered the chicken enchilada, chili relleno, and mini shredded beef burrito. The Enchilada was excellent as well as the chili relleno which had sauteed onions and peppers on top. BF had the carne asada burrito and may have found one of his favorites . Over all this is our new favorite Mexican Restaurant. Just beware if your order the Sangria Pitcher, $36
1	WOW. Never again.... I must say, this is the worst I have ever been treated in a restaruant. We were in the Target shopping center this evening, and where hungry. The fiesta is close..Why not? Mexican sounds good...Why not?Well, 'Why not' yourself down to Sunset Station's Mexican restaurant, or to Chipotle. Or chevy's in the mall. Save yourself.First off.The chips. Even though it says "ala carte" chips and salsa are $3.99, they are on the buffet. There seems to be a triage of colored chips...go for the lightest ones. They don't have a revolting burnt taste to them. Salsas were okay. The green one was one of the better ones.. even though I didn't mind the one that our "server's assistant" brought out originally.We ordered waters, and I ordered a Pineapple Mojito. The waters came...with about 3 ice cubes in the glasses. We were told that the restaurant was "running low" on several things (if that included ice, I am not sure), when we asked for an extra glass of it.The first time we saw our waitress, she told us that a burrito and the fajitas were good. My guy asked if they had "corn cakes", and the waitress looked at us like we were from another country, before saying no. I asked which type of fish was in their fish tacos....tilapia (ick) and that it was frozen ((double ick.)) I went with the carintas tacos, and my guy went for the steak fajitas.While waiting for our food, and my mojito........Our waitress never stopped by. Neither did her assistant. We were missing napkins, and silverware.. Finally, a manager, dropped off wrapped silverware in cloth napkins three feet from our table. She and I made eye contact, and I waved, she smiled and started to walk away. I then throw in more violent waves to get her to come over, so we could have some napkins, and eating utensils.Servers who were with other tables, were quite attentive to their customers. We didn't even get our lady's name. Still waiting for our food, and attention.....and my drink.A server/busser comes over with a tray, that isn't sizzling...so we know it's not ours. He attempts to drop it off, and we decline it.seven minutes before our food comes, a hostess comes by with my mojito.NOT WORTH THE WAIT. It was disgusting. watered down. A fake pineapple taste. We both had a sip of it and winced. The manager who gave us the silverware told us that our food should be any minute, and that "it takes a long time." I sent her off with the mojito. Not impressed.Finally, our food came. My carnitas were dry. I slathered them in salsa to make them worth it...Normally, I would have sent them back... but I was famished.The guacamole was slightly brown, and looked like it had been stored in a ziplock. The beans, had no seasoning. Tasted 'fresh' out of a can, and just thrown onto the plate. The steak for the fajitas had no flavor. No seasoning. Not even salt. The rice was good.The second time we saw the waitress was her asking us if we needed anything. We said no.And asked for the check. The bus boy came by to clear our plates, and we asked to see a manager.......who walked by us after we had asked for her.When the manager came by, we told her how disappointed we were in the food, and in the service. We had seen our waitress twice, and the food was poor. She told us that she would have a talk with the server, and "see" what she could do....She offered us free dessert, or dessert to go....we told her that we just wanted to leave. We had already asked for the check, and were STILL waiting on it.Well, she must of talked to the server alright, because she came back, in a NOTICEABLY rude attitude when she brought our check. Like a toddler about to throw a tantrum because she just got tattled on.Walking out, she felt the need to give us a dirty look while she said "thanks," and "goodbye".NO THANKS. PASS ON THIS ONE.
2	Don't get the chicken suizas. The atmosphere was okay. Similar to every other casino. No one at this restaurant seems to have any time - everyone is running around like a chicken with their heads cut off even though the restaurant is half empty. Our waitress acted like she was on something...she spoke so fast, spoke OVER us, and reminded me of the white rabbit in Alice in Wonderland. Anyway. My husband ordered the fajitas and I ordered the chicken suizas. Our food came out FAST. Within 5 minutes of ordering...scary. When the fajitas came out I was revolted by the smell, the fajita mix wasn't sizzling...it was burning! Everything that was toward the bottom was burnt, but what was salvageable was actually very good. Now...the chicken suizas....Gross. The chicken was flavorless, the tortillas had like a chemical taste to it, the green sauce was good, the cheese was disgusting and the "sour cream" (I put that in quotations because I have never seen grainy sour cream) was absolutely dreadful. The rice was okay but I don't think it was cooked recently. Either that or they had mixed in the old with the new , as there were some pieces that were soft and others that were hard. It was all mexican rice and IT didn't have any flavor. What a shame!The service was terrible. The only one that seemed to care AT ALL was the "server assistant"...some guy that actually looked like he wasn't on something...We received our check TWO MINUTES into our meal and the waitress said, "I'll be back later to talk about desserts!" And quickly scurried away before anyone could say anything. Who the hell gives you the entire bill, without even asking about desserts, IF you're going to offer it!? Doesn't that seem a little counterproductive? Also a WASTE of paper!?? It doesn't make ANY sense.Okay, whatever...so...we all are finished with our meals and we wait.....and wait.....................and wait. Our server is no where to be seen. We have the money in the check, the "server's assistant" has already come and cleared the table...The waitress stops by and I ask her for a cup to take home some salsa, she runs into the kitchen and brings out a cup and completely forgets to grab the check! So we wait some more! I would say 10 minutes later she comes and grabs the checks and quickly runs away again....and we wait...AGAIN!!!! FIFTEEN minutes later, she comes back with change. She said she couldn't get change cause the bartender had to....um...what!? Anyway I know this review is really long but here's the jist...1. Only get the fajitas2. Stay away from the waitress who looks like she's the road runner3. Expect to be there for at least an hour and a half.
1	Everything was wrong we will never return. First off our food took forever I felt bad for waiter he kept apologizing and explain the kitchen was backed up. The restaurant was not that busy. Once our food finally arrive it tasted terrible I should have sent it back but I just wanted to go home by that point. We paid our bill, tipped our waiter and just went home.
5	Great place! Good food. The service was great. We are regulars here and get treated very well by the staff.
3	Good local spot. Margaritas are too sweet. Poor waitress had the whole floor all to herself. I witnessed some people waiting behind me that left cause they were waiting so long for someone to take their order. They have a salsa bar in the back with some descent salsa. In would def come back for the tortilla soup. We ordered enchiladas. The chicken was tasty. Decor is cute with overhead hanging lights. This is not a crazy party spot or anything. Prob wouldn't come with a group cause of slow service.
4	Been here twice in 2014.  Much better food and service than several years ago. We had combination plates with enchiladas, tacos, tamales, rice and black beans; and burritos too. All food was fresh and served hot. Kids menu has lots of choices and both my kids like eating here. Sundays and Mondays in May the entire menu is half off so expect a little bit (10-20 mins) of a wait.
1	Please do not eat here the food is decent but the service and drinks are Terrible. Don't order the vandalism margarita because they jip you on the alcohol...
2	Two stars for the service. Our waitress was fantastic which is refreshing to the last time with Janice. The food was so bad. There was no flavor what so ever. Do not waist your money here.
2	Just another casino Mexican place with the same old food.  Not even good enough for a doggie bag.
4	We came on a Sunday evening and ordered 1. 2 item: Beef enchilada and chicken tamale, 11.992. Fiesta carne asada burrito, 11.99for $16 (Used a Advisor BOGO entree coupon) - In Fiesta Henderson. Next to Fuego. - Free chips and salsa bar. Also has refried beans. - Quick service. Hot plate. No hassle. - Left the pitcher of water for us. Bonus- 2 item came with a salad. Basic. - Tasty tamale! Lots of flavor. Recommend. - Lots of carne asada in wet burrito. flavorful.  - Left overs. Enough for the next dinner meal. - Get chips to-go! yay. - Compared to other cantinas around the area; Chevy's, Jaliscos, Coyotes, I feel that this is the best in terms of value with the use of coupons.
2	Food is okay, I am not a fan of self serving my own beans and salsa...yet the prices are very reasonable.  Do not be in a hurry, the service is very slow and the waitress Hasmik is as slow as they come!  We usually ask NOT to be strayed  in her section.Overall -- for quick eats it's fine & the food is fairly tasty.  Perfect for nachos and beer after a movie.
2	Third visit here... No real improvement.  Sticky floors and tables, slow service and bland food.  Positive:  the sangria is yummy !
1	Sadly there isn't a 1/2 star option.  Poor service again... Bland food and children sticking fingers in the salsa bar.., sadly ... We will not be returning.  3 strikes and Your out..,,
5	We have gone here quite a few times and service is always good. The quality of the food is also very good. A stand out though was Anthony. We had a party of 7 and they put us in the VIP room. The kids loved it and Anthony made our dinner very memorable with his personality. He cracked us up.I had the Ribeye and shrimp. it was delicious!
4	Wow, tonight was interesting. We've been here a bunch of times and it's kinda always been 'meh' but tonight I liked everything (which is difficult for me). First the salsa. It wasn't heavy on the cilantro at all, obviously I'm a cilantro hater. I ordered the appetizer chimi - taquitos and they were crispy, flaky and yummy (chicken). Finally the hubby ordered the table side spinach salad, and they have a smoky pepper dressing which was tasty too.Maybe they're starting to turn around? I'll be back hoping it's not a fluke.
1	The worse food ever, the manager had an excuse for everything; empty salsa bar poor service yet the cooks were standing around and visiting with the waiters. Then the waiter walked by our table three times until I had to ask him to take the dirty plate. When our main course was brought he didn't bring an extra plate for the fajitas or the condiments to go with them. Very disappointed and will never go back.
5	It is a rarity in Las Vegas or Henderson to find really good authentic Mexican food at such an affordable price point.  If you want super expensive Mexican food that really isn't all that great, go to Nacho Daddy.  You even have to pay for chips and salsa, really sad.That said, the chips and salsa (several kinds) are awesome and you are welcome to help yourself at the salsa/chip bar for as much as you want, no limit.  Want hotter salsa, just ask and you will be on fire.The chimi, tacos, rice and beans, are the best I can find anywhere, including the entire state of Arizona.  Awe the time problem from all those low reviewers.  Everyone is in such a flippin rush.  And again I'll say it, if you're in such a rush, go get some crappy, fake, fast food!  Everyone will appreciate that you aren't in the restaurant.  You're not going to tip anyway, so you deserve fast food.The staff is great.  However they aren't there to kiss your ass every 5 seconds, as it should be.  Oh, they have their own bar, so if you're into Tequila, yup, they have it.
