4	This is a nice park.  A bit set away from the happening strip.  Taxi fare if you don't have a car is maybe $30-$40 to the Mirage area. I stayed with friends and would have wanted to let them relax at the park while I went back to the strip, but with the cost, I passed.  They have a general store that had the basic's, however no Beer or wine sold.  They have 2 pools one for Adults and one for Families. I don't know if the Europeans could read the signs as there was a couple of instances where they would bring in their kids to the adult pool.  The bathrooms were clean with and each individual suite had the bathroom and shower.  The dog park was nice for those with canines.  If you have dogs, you might want to ask for a space close to that.  Also some spaces have tree's that might restrict your use of your awning.
4	This is the best RV resort in Vegas, DO NOT GO TO THE KOA at the circus circus unless you don't mind parking in a Parking lot. Ok sure the KOA is right on the strip, but that might not be what you want to experience of VEGAS 24/7. This is a great RV resort with nice shaded spots and two pools( one for kids and one for adults), and a hot tub.  The staff is very helpful, and most of them live on site so they want this place to be as nice as it can be as they call it home. GREAT PLACE and the only place I stay when I am in town with our airstream.
4	Outstanding RV park. When you see Five Star rigs parked one after another you know you're in a good place. A few more trees in some areas would be a plus, but that's nitpicking.
4	First night our electricity kept shorting out due to a problem with it throwing our breaker but we moved the next day and had no problems. I would suggest not selecting your "upgraded"site until check in unless you have to. We had plenty to choose from and the cheapest rate turned out to be just as good. Park is very clean. Staff is friendly. Karaoke, bar and store all good. Pool questionable ... not my fav.  Vegas is HOT in summer; too hot for my dogs.
4	This park has about 1000 site, all full hookups, all for RVs (no tents). There's an entire section of the park for pet-free guests. It feels a bit "spartan" when you arrive and look for lots of trees, but remember: this is a desert!Monthly sites aren't too expensive, but the electricity costs will get you! 24-hour security is nice to have, though they can be kind of sticklers about your speed coming up or down the driveway.There are several parks and dog parks throughout the resort. Two swimming pools and a spa-- unfortunately, the park is not great about enforcing the "18+" rule in the adult pool and spa, so you sometimes have to deal with younger guests in the spa.There are activities almost daily-- mostly poker and movies. As a resident, one thing I wish they offered for monthly guests is a reservable "clubhouse room" that didn't cost an arm and a leg for small parties or guests.Other than that, it's one of the best RV parks in Las Vegas.
4	My family are huge road travelers and we've been in every kind of stop you can imagine.  There have been parking lots, KOAs, sweltering middle of nowhere places with no amenities, gorgeous RV resorts with more features than a 5 star hotel, quiet spots nestled into the environment of the places we've visited.  That being said, Oasis Las Vegas was unexpectedly nice for being in the middle of the desert.  The park was very well maintained, pretty close to the city (though not really close enough to walk as my husband and I found out- we ended up calling a cab).    We had full hook-ups, two swimming pools and a jacuzzi (although they seemed over chlorinated- we could smell them from a distance), and a nice clubhouse with a gym.  If I go to Vegas with an RV, I'd stay here again.
5	This was the first night of our 3 week RV trip across country.  I've been to Vegas too many times to count but this was the first time in a RV and staying somewhere other than a hotel on the strip.  This place was the 5 star hotel of RV Parks.  When it says Oasis, it means it.  The place was HUGE!  The pool was just like one your would find at a hotel on the strip.  Clean private bathrooms, large sites, modern laundry facilities.  It was right across the fwy from Silverton so there was a casino close by.  This place is definately living up to Las Vegas standards!
3	It was nice and clean, with lots of nice rigs, but didn't quite have the extras that we had been sold with.  I.e. it's casino was an area in the gift shop roped off with 4 slot machines, and the bar was in the restaurant that was only open through lunch.  A true Resort would have had more amenities.
1	Made a reservation online. No where during making of the reservation does it say rigs have to be newer than 10 years old.  When I called to confirm check in times, the lady couldn't find my reservation then while trying to make a new reservation proceeded to tell me about the age limit policy. Was totally rude about the whole thing too.Looks like a nice place, but just because your rig is older than10 years doesn't mean it's trash - like the people that work here. If you require rigs be newer than 10 years old, you should have a website that's newer than 10 years old too.
3	For a short term visit this is a great location - close but not on-top-of the strip action.  It is also close enough to off-strip locations like M Resort, Silverton, and all the Station Casinos.It is very well maintained - but dont be fooled by the 24hr guard gate. And altho there are golf cart security 'patrols' dont leave things of value out - bicycles especially.  We had two bikes stolen.Its one of thew few places in LV that do long term - as in monthly - stays.  Many years ago it was the pretty much the only place for construction workers ...There have been numerous changing of the guards in management and each tells tales about their predecessor .. the current GenMgr runs the park like a hitler-camp tho making it most unpleasnt for monthly stays.  Wish they paid more - MUCH more - attention to their laundry facilities - with all the housekeeping carts cleaning the bathrooms (dont/didnt use them tho) they should be wiping down their washers and dryers like a well run laundry does.  Charging $1.50 per wash and $1,00 per dry seems fair price - but it seems too that they would keep the place cleaner.A bigger beef tho is that when you stay monthly you are charged for elec - thats fine BUT they charge DOUBLE what they are charged .. seems not right ... As far as front desk people theres a regular crew and then always a new face or three ..  With the trickle down effect - and the new mgmt being unwelcoming theres been a very perceptible shift in personell too.
5	My family (wife, 3 kids and 2 dogs) took a long road trip last year and when we arrived at Oasis -- we stayed, far longer than we originally intended.  We had a 39' 5th wheel trailer and there was plenty of spaces available, all pull through.  The staff was friendly, the facilities were great and we loved the restaurant (including the prices!).We extended our stay to spend thanksgiving there and the park had a potluck thanksgiving dinner - where they supplied the turkey, some of the fixings and the drinks.  It was a warm and friendly gathering of all those staying at the RV Parks.The dogs also loved the large fenced dog run at the front of the park -- and also there were smaller fenced areas inside the park where the dogs could relieve themselves without any inter-dog conflicts.If we ever come through Las Vegas again we'll be sure to stay at Oasis again!
4	Great location, close to the Town Square Mall and the Premium Outlets South.  We stayed four nights.  Place was pretty quiet, except for airplanes. We were in spot 126, a pull through site.  Site included a small palm tree, rocks, and a picnic table.  Pushy time share sales person in the clubhouse.
5	Very nice & clean RV park near everything...outlet mall and strip. Nicely heated pools-- one for kids and one for adults. Excellent jacuzzi with strong jets. Snack bar & restaurant. Nice work-out room with good equipment.
5	Really clean sites, excellent staff,Restaurant serves breakfast and lunch2 great pools, general store, full hookups,Directly across 15fwy from Bass Pro Shop
4	The park was nice, clean, and everyone was friendly. They have a live guard at the gate all night long, and we felt very safe there. It was very quiet at night. I didn't even realize anyone was around us. The only reason I didn't give it the extra star, is that although this RV park is not far off the strip, with traffic lights, it takes a good half an hour, and a $40 cab ride.
4	This place is a great place to escape from reality for a few days. The RV campground is very large and has a number of amenities, which makes your stay pleasant. It has a close proximity to the Strip.Unfortunately, the spaces are tight in between units and it is located next to an Interstate. Even with this, we slept soundly in the RV campground. The security at the front gate was a positive even though the RV was in a good neighborhood.The pool, laundry facilities, bathroom were all well maintained and clean.Would I recommend this park? Absolutely. Would we come back? Absolutely.Informational: We travel in a 36' Class A RV.
5	Place is prettier than the pics!
5	Great location, great staff, fantastic amenities! Best gift/grocery I've seen. This is a very large RESORT!  ! Adult/spa and family pools with waterfalls and a natural grass 18 hole putting green. We don't want to leave!15% Discount for WIT members! :-)38 ft. 2014 Adventurer with tow.
4	Very clean, equipped with just about everything you could want from a 'campground'. The registration resembles a five star hotel lobby with its marble floors and considerate staff. Since you'll probably not spend too much time in your RV on the campground itself when in Vegas, I'll neglect the fact that the sites resemble a parking lot and miss a shady tree or two.All in all, a clear recommendation!
5	Stayed at many RV parks on our trips and this is rated the best. Amenities and good people to serve you. They actually act like the are there because they want to be. Nice pool at the perfect temp, clean and the patrols are always out and safe.
5	Stayed one night on our way to Utah.  The site was level and the staff was friendly.  Cant beat the price on a Saturday night.  $51.00.  If you don't want to drive up the strip, the office will call a cab for you.  Just so you know, the cab fare to Paris Casino was $30 one way.  The do have a convenience store and supplies.  I would stay there again.
5	We travel all over the country for work 7 months out of the year. Oasis is absolutely one of the very best RV parks we have ever stayed in if not the best. Staff is helpful and friendly.  Place is always immaculate.  Landscaping is extremely tidy and pleasant. We drive a 40 ft rig and there's plenty of space, we can even park our Tahoe in the spot.They have everything you could possibly need for a enjoyable easy stay. Pool, great showers, laundry, convenience store, cafe, plug in, sewer hook up. Probably more that I don't even know about. Highly recommend this place for families or anyone looking for a great place to stay.
5	The campground is immaculate and beautifully manicured. The managers are exceptional in making sure their guests are completely comfortable and have no problems. What problems can there be? None because they see to it that every consideration possible and care taken for their guests are attended to. How about PRIVATE bathrooms and showers for their guests who want to use the facilities. Extremely pet friendly. Sprinklers for the grass to make sure it is green and well maintained.Forget all that negative writing they posted. It is now one of the better RV parks in the country if not the best!!!
5	As far as Rv parks in Las Vegas this is the best. Two huge pools and jacuzzi. One pool is a family pool another 18 and older. There are several rock waterfalls and a sand beach with thatched roof huts. In the background from the pool is two large time share buildings that give you a feeling of being in Hawaii or as close as you can get in the d3sert. Your a short drive from the strip and other area locations.  The park is a little barren but the pads are level with ample extra parking for guests. I was pleasantly surprised with the indoor facilities store and restaurant. I haven't tried cable TV which is free yet or the internet which is an extra cost however I found when you pay for Internet at rv parks it usually works.
4	Nice place. Very helpful guest services . One suggestion! Plant trees/shrubs around the "RV Storage" section and we would think we were looking at a "Oasis" in the desert . Instead of parked RV's.
5	Clean, quiet and easy to access sights. Super pet friendly & the kiddo's loved the pool (heated during the cold season to a pleasant bath tub temperature)... Priced competitively, my family will definitely be back :)!
