5	Went searching the valley for a great Mediterranean food market, and what a delightful surprise to find the best one minutes away from home in Scottsdale. Wanted to post a review because I didn't see it listed - my neighbor from Jordan told me about it. It is kinda tucked back in a large shopping center, just north of Walmart. There is an excellent selection - everything for a well stocked pantry. Wide range of breads and pastries - all very very fresh and delicious. The store is spotless clean and organized, and the staff is helpful and knowledgable.
1	Saffron Market and Boutique is nothing to get excited about. The guys working there are super friendly but that is about it. Very pricey and you might as well take a trip to Haji Baba in Tempe. If you're hungry instead of going here visit Aladdin next store, as they have excellent food. Don't bother with this market.
5	The Saffron Market and Boutique is a hidden gem in north Scottsdale. I live and shop in the neighborhood and am always on the lookout for unique shops with quality products and great customer service. The Saffron Market and Boutique is under new ownership and the new owner has done a lot to expand her selection of middle eastern, Asian and hard to find products from around the world. The shop is bright, colorful, very clean with staff that is always ready to help find what you're looking for. I love their unique selections of tea, coffee and fresh pastries.  You should definitely stop in and check it out, it's like a little trip to India and the Middle East.
5	The first time I visited this store I felt watched, like an unworthy infidel at the temples of the great temple. But not to be pushed around, I visited again and found a change of ownership. Sonali is not only kind and business savy, she is also customer oriented.Saffron market has low, low prices, and high quality hard to find Pursian and Indian productions. I plan on going back again and again, especially when I run out of Turkish Delight. Yummy, yummy!
5	I love this market.  The moment you walk in the door you are greeted by the most intoxicating aromas of spices and different delicacies.  The owner is welcoming and friendly and so helpful to those like me who haven't used a lot of these products before.  She has helped me broaden my palate and increased my knowledge of Indian and Eastern cuisine.  I highly recommend Saffron Market.
5	Love Saffron Market, the Turkish coffee that they keep stocked is just amazing.  The pastries are just delicious always makes for a great little snack on my way back to central Phoenix.  The variety of products are really great and I always pick up something new I haven't tried just to try it.  Plus the store owner is very pleasant to deal with.  The store is always clean and the smells of all the spices are just amazing.
