4	The boba drinks here are quite good, the best that we've had so far here in Las Vegas. I got the regular milk tea and my hubby got the taro milk tea (both w/ no pearls) and we both liked our drinks. They also have smoothies, frappes, and hot beverages.  It's not too cheap ($2.90 for regular size, extra 50 cents for pearls) but I would definitely recommend this place. :)
3	While out running errands I managed to convince my husband to swing into Boba Cafe so I could get a honeydew milk tea with boba. My first impression of Boba Cafe was that it reminded me of a less clean, older version of another boba place I had been in recently. It was also very loud... I know employees can not help it when a customer has a screaming child in the store but it still made for a less pleasant experience for us. I did like that there was a couch to sit on while we waited for our drinks though. The boba was super chewy, and the drinks could have been colder. They used normal cup lids, not sure if that is why the drinks seemed like the needed to be stirred up a lot to reach the desired temperature... Decent enough price, 2 large milk teas with boba were right around $10. I may be back if I am in the area but I doubt I'll ever make a special trip to go here...
3	This is the closest Slushy place near my house so when we want a slushy fix we come here. Now I say slushy because I personally do not like boba(Tapioca balls) but I can get down with a pineapple,mango, or passion fruit slush. The slushies here are pretty typical - nothing out of the ordinary. Every time I've been here they have been pretty fast and during the summer tend to be pretty busy.Reguarding slushes I prefer Lollicup...You can also pick up some mini Vietnamese Egg rolls here...The egg rolls are filled with clear noodles, mushrooms and other veggies accompanied with fish sauce. They are good but for the size are a bit expensive....They also have Vietnamese sandwiches....I have never had a bad experience here so I will continue to patronize them!!!!
3	This was the first time my husband and I had a boba tea.  I had the peanut butter with banana.  He had the strawberry.  The smoothie tea part itself was really tasty.  We both really liked it but got sick of the tapioca balls! The way they seal the drinks is really neat.  I haven't seen that before.  Instead of having a lid, it's just a plastic seal they basically stamp on the drink.  The big straws are fun too!  (Obviously they have to be pretty big to fit the tapioca ball!)I would have one again...but it wouldn't somewhere I'd make a point of going.
2	This place is ok, could be a lot better.  But they did give me a ton of Boba, they aren't chincy with the ingredients.  Just my slushy was way to watery, not much slush.
3	Boba Cafe is no more. The days of boba and a Vietnamese sandwich are long gone and have been replaced with NO. 1 Boba Tea. It is the same company that is located inside the Chinatown Mall. The overall appearance of the shop has pretty much remained the same except they have a large menu board planted on the back wall of the counter. The pictures, numbers, and names of each drink is helpful in deciding. We do eat/drink with our eyes first. I had ordered the coconut lychee boba. The price of a 24oz is $4.50 flat with taxes and boba including in each order. The boba here is the right consistency, not too chewy, but does not go down like soft tofu. The texture was perfect, but the drink was just ok. I appreciate that it was not super sweet or syrupy, but it had an unnatural powdery or artificial flavor to it. I cannot think of another boba shop around. If I am in the area, I will not be opposed to getting a drink.
4	Every payday, Lil Man and I go here to get our fix for boba. When we go in it's always quiet and pleasant. It is definitely NOT busy when we go in. Lil Man always gets a large watermelon slushie with Boba. And I always get mango slushie with biba, but today, I asked for extra Boba and got it. It tasted so much better with the extra boba. It is so easy to get to the shop because it is in the Target plaza right there on the corner of Silverado and Eastern. next to the shop is other shops such as hot dogs, chicken, and much more.
4	LOVE boba and love not having to drive to China Town to get it.  Number One Boba Tea owners also have the boba place inside the mall in China town.  I always get the Peach Green Tea with boba and sometimes with Lychee Jelly.  Delicious!!  My other half gets a strawberry and mango smoothie which he likes.They have mini boba on the weekends if you like that.  They also make crepes if you want a snack.  And for those you don't like boba, of course just ask and they won't add it.  They also have stamp cards where you buy 10 drinks and get a milk tea free!
1	Ugh. I'm very upset I paid $4.53 for a boba drink that I didn't even finish due to its disgusting texture and bland flavor. I have never thrown away an almost $5 drink before! I ordered a taro smoothie w/ boba, which they made quickly. Unfortunately, I don't think it was blended for long enough. I felt like I was sipping sand through a straw! Ick!Contrary to their title here on Yelp, their signage reads 'No. 1 Boba Tea', which is far from the truth. Don't go here!
