5	We just came from here tonight. It is a new restaurant just opened a few weeks ago. The menu is huge and lots to choose from. I felt kind of discouraged because I am used to terrible hit or miss Asian buffets, but at least I could sample a bit of everything if something was bad. I didn't want to have to choose just one thing here at a real restaurant. But I did. I had the Sweet and Sour Chicken. My fiance got the Sweet and Sour combination which  pork, chicken, shrimp with the veggie mix, my mom had orange chicken and my brother had the eggplant and a veggie combo meal. The food was all just fantastic! I have never had such hot (how many times have you gotten cold Chinese? Yuck!) , fresh and flavorful food. My mom's orange chicken tasted like they used real oranges to make their sauce which was thin and not like a Panda Express type gooey glued on type of deal. It tasted very natural. My brother and fiance also loved what they got. Rice comes with the order, choice or white or brown. The waitress was was very helpful and the man, not sure, maybe owner had the best hospitality of any food service person I have seen. He was very helpful and sincere and wanted to know how everything was, if they could change how it was made, if we needed more rice (had two tubs full still) wanted to give us more plates, more food, everything. He was very nice, all the staff were. Also, the portion sizes are enormous! You definitely get your money's worth. Being shocked to look at the bill you always dread at the end of a meal...but wow, it was very cheap to eat out for the amount of things we got and how much of it they give you. Instead of going to any fast food, I would go here any day as long as they keep up the excellent food and service!As a bonus, they are open every single day from 11am-9pm! Sunday night eating!
5	New to Apache Junction. The food is probably some of the best Chinese I have ever had. Fresh, tasty and the place is super friendly. I will go back often.
4	My husband and I stopped in to the Lotus Garden for lunch today. It was our first visit to the restaurant. The decor is very nice and everything was very clean. The man and woman working couldn't have been any nicer. My husband and I both had the lunch special with Mongolian Beef. It was very good and I will be back to have it again for sure. I would have given a 5 star rating, but I also tried the won-ton soup and was not a fan. The won-tons were not soft enough for me. Usually, if I don't like something I will send it back, but the man who waited on us was so nice that I felt like it would have ruined his day if  I said I didn't like it. So glad that we finally have a good Chinese food place in AJ! :)
4	Went here for a quick dinner. It is a newer place. Food was pretty good they have a good variety of foods to pick from and they give big portions. The staff was great  They rolled some of the food up in Chinese pancakes table side which was cool. The also offer wine and warm sake which many small places do not. Overall it's a nice place for Chinese food in Apache Junction
5	Was happy to see  Lotus Garden arrive to Apache Junction...Food is great..portions are big...and the prices very good. Tonight I tried the Shrimp Egg Fu Young and it was delicious! Much better than Chen's Bistro in Gold Canyon, it just tasted fresher and had a better flavor. Though I've tried other items this is my favorite so far. We are definitely repeat customers for sure!
4	Nice change in dining . Fresh and tasty. Great staff. The servings are huge!
5	We're back! Tonight is was Sweet n Sour Shrimp and Mongolian Beef with pork fried rice. So good :) working our way thru the menu:)
3	friendly, and the food was ok. nothing to write home about...but they were nice and speedy which was good as I was only on a 30 minute lunch hour. Lunch started with my spring rolls which were really good. then the hot and sour soup (server first mistakingly brought me egg drop soup, which I don't like and didn't order, but brought me the right soup right away) then the shrimp and lobster sauce. All was good so far...until the shrimp w/lobster sauce came out. The won ton chips, spring rolls and soup were the best part of the meal. I've had better shrimp w/lobster sauce by far. I will go back when I have to be in and out quickly, since it is so close to where my work is. But this is not a place I would choose to go when going out for fine dining.
5	I'm not a big Chinese food person But this is by far the best Chinese food Their staff is also so friendly I come At least once a week.
5	Very nice people. Food is extremely good.  Restaurant is new,  and very clean.  I recommend the Orange Beef!
5	My first trip here :) Ordered sweet and sour chicken and pork fried rice. To go. Had tons of pork and veggies in it. And the sweet and sour sauce was very good!!
5	Just so you know...you will wait.  I waited 45 minutes for food for five people. Just so you REALLY UNDERSTAND.....IT IS WORTH IT.  I tasted the ginger, scallions, the garlic.  no excess oil in the noodles or fried rice.  The food is prepared FRESH, FRESH, FRESH! Everything is prepared so beautifully, so carefully....people, GO!!!!!!!  You will not be disappointed.  I live over fifty miles away and I will and I mean this, I WILL BE BACK!
5	Just seems to get better each time! We eat here at least once a week both lunch and dinner options are awesome! Suggest the pan fried dumplings...sweet n sour shrimp...pork fried rice and well almost everything on the menu :)
5	So happy to find this little gem in Apache Junction! They bring out little fried won ton wrapper pieces and sweet and sour sauce as an appetizer to start. We shared a bowl of hot and sour soup and a vegetable lo mein dish. Super fast, and everything was delicious. Also, a very nice atmosphere in this clean, new restaurant... and it's so inexpensive! I will definitely eat here again. :)
3	Delicious! I was a little skeptical with it being in the junction lol but it's really good Chinese!
5	Lunch place weekly for me!!   The food is fresh / generous portions Service is friendly and awesome.
5	We discovered this gem last spring in our travels.  We hoped that it would still be here when we returned this winter.  After unpacking our car, we headed straight to the Lotus Garden and were elated to have our first Apache Junction meal there.  We eat there at least once a week and bring all our guests there.  The food is delicious and generous and is only overshadowed by the restaurant's hard-working, friendly owners.  We are thrilled that this place is open and apparently thriving.  We wish the best to the beautiful family that has earned our business.
5	We came in after the lunch rush during the quiet time before dinner. The food, soup and tea was very hot and I enjoyed the wonton/ sweet and sour sauce pre dinner appetizer. The restaurant was very clean. You could tell the owners look after every detail of their guests experience.  We look forward to going back.
5	Yum yum. We've ate here many times and have never been disappointed! Service is great as well and I hope they are here to stay.
5	Best place for Chinese food ..well really the best restaurant around ..the food is always fresh ..the dinning room clean and the staff very happy and helpful..we have been eating here weekly for over a year and never had anything that was not perfect and yummy.. also I have diabetes and lactose intolerance this place is perfect..so if your looking for a place that is a healthy alternative to the norm and tastes awesome ..Lotus Garden is the perfect choice..everyone around needs to try this place and help support so it stays open...AJ needs to keep this gem open
5	Wow! Before ordering, we read quite a few of the rave reviews. Therefore, we ordered several dishes so that we could take some home. We were not disappointed! The hot and sour soup was good and spicy. The wonton soup was huge and loaded with different stuff. The fried potstickers and spring rolls were also scrumptious. Did I spell that right? And, if that's not all, we had Mongolian Beef, Orange chicken and the sweet and sour combination which were great. Whew! So, did I tell you that we took lots home and we will be coming back again and again.
4	We enjoyed a very nice lunch. We both ordered a medium hot and both were good and hot. Food was very good. Service was good and they were fairly busy. A good place.
5	We love this restaurant....one of the best Chinese places we have found.  The Hot and Sour Soup, dumplings, and General Tso's Chicken are favorites!
5	Again the best place in AJ ..the wonton soup is awesome  .and the kung poa scallops are so yummmy in my tummy right now..they never disappoint we eat here almost weekly and never had anything we didn't love ...eat in or carry out though they need delivery but eat in and have a Buddha beer the staff is always nice and the place is super clean
5	Really great Chinese food. The food is flavorful and full of really nice fresh veggies. Really tender beef, chicken and shrimp and some of the best Lo Mein I've had in quite some time. The service was a little slow, but the restaurant was packed the entire time we were there and was also handling a heavy pick-up/to go crowd as well. So it was understandable. The inside of the restaurant is quite appealing visually as well. I plan on returning the next time I visit my grand parents!
5	Food was soooo good. You never know what your going to get when your on the road but this was by far one of the best stops. The shrimp Lo Mein was loved by my 10 year old child. Too bad it's not closer to home :)
5	FANTASTIC! Being burned out on tasteless Chinese food I had no intention of trying this place but I was in a time crunch. I slowly opened the door, hoping to go unnoticed incase I wanted to gracefully exit. I was immediately impressed with the clean, tasteful decor, not your standard wall of food posters. And the place was nearly full! I decided to stay. You can carry out or eat in, of course I carried out because I was in a rush. So, I placed my order with the courteous man at the register and waited. There was not a lot of room to wait for carry out orders, so I finally parked myself at one if the few open tables. I ordered House Spicy Chicken and brown rice. I wish there had been some veggies in it but no stars lost, it came exactly as described on the lunch menu, I just assumed it would be a bit lighter with veggies. Next time I will slow down and ask more questions. That being said, although it will not be my go to dish because of lighter taste preferences, it was DELICIOUS and perfectly cooked, including the brown rice. I would definitely recommend it! Even their egg drop soup is flavorful! I don't like egg rolls, so I can't be of any help there!I'm glad I didn't exit and will definitely go back when I can eat in!
5	Reminds me of good old NYC Chinese food.  The beef was tender.  The service was outstanding. The pork fried rice had lots of pork and that's unusual. The food really is top notch!
5	Best Chinese Food Ive had in Arizona. The pork lo mein was loaded with pork and sooo good. My husband had the Mongolian beef and when I tried it I was pleasantly surprised that the meat was so tender. Great food, good service. This place is definitely my go to place for Chinese cuisine.
5	Amazing food, it was the best egg drop soup, orange chicken, mongolian beef and the service was excellent.  I will definitely come back again and again.
5	Food was excellent. Service was awesome
5	The best Chinese food in the east valley.  If you are from back east you will feel right at home at this restaurant.  It's worth the 30 minute drive every time.
5	I kept driving past this place on my way to Fry's and kept thinking hmmmm...After checking Yelp and seeing the rave reviews I had to check it out.Is it good?Yes. Very. Love the Orange Chicken, not all breading like a lot of places and the sauce was perfect. Not overly sweet. Just right.Hot and Sour soup was perfect consistency, not overly thick and a delightful flavor.If you are in AJ and craving some good Chinese food. Check them out!
3	Ordered take-out from here due to the good reviews. Recently moved to Mesa and have been searching for decent Chinese food. The food I received was very good, but it wasn't what I ordered. Ordered kung pao scallops, double pan fried noodles, and crab rangoon. Received Combination kung pao, orange chicken, double pan fried noodles, and almond cookies. Kung pao had good spice to it. Huge shrimp and lots of meat included. Noodles were good. Orange chicken was some of the best I've had.I refused to make the 15 minute drive back to the restaurant to correct the order. I will give this place another shot, but I will definitely be checking the order before I leave.
4	Not your normal Chinese food, this food is good. Staff was frendinely and attentives with out being pushy. Very good experience.
5	Best Chinese food in AZ. Homemade food, hot and fresh every time. I love their cashew and almond chicken, it's just delicious. My only wish is that they had egg rolls instead of spring rolls, but that's something I can easily overlook since the food is so wonderful. Friendly service and my carry out is ready and waiting in 15 minutes flat.
5	Went here based off the reviews for my 25th birthday and had a great time. The food was amazing - I ordered the General Tso's Chicken and it was perfect. The service was phenomenal, it's not exactly a big place, but they checked on all the tables quite often and the lady at the cash register made sure everyone was doing good on drinks/sauce/food.I went here with my family and all of the food they ordered such as the dumpling appetizer / the shrimp with vegetables / hot and sour soup and sweet and sour chicken looked amazing. Everyone was very happy with the food quality and the service provided as well as the price for the food (very reasonable). The interior was also very clean and it looked like the staff genuinely cared for the business and the customer. I will definitely be coming back here.
5	Holy smokes this place is good. I just moved to the Mesa area from Baton Rouge, LA. I was going to go to Panda Express but I told my son I didn't want to pay that much for Chinese considering it wasn't even personalized but just premade.A lady overheard me and asked me if I had heard of Lotus Garden. I let her know I had just moved here. She said if I wanted the best Chinese food I had ever had head there. She gave me directions and I was on my way. I can usually tell a good Chinese restaurant by the smell of the food. I ordered curry chicken, orange chicken, general tso, sesame chicken, sweet and sour chicken, qt hot and sour soup, spring rolls, and some Singapore noodles. I believe the total was about $69.xxHave mercy. Every single freaking dish was awesome. The orange chicken as other reviewers have pointed out was the best I have ever had. There was a very deep and rich flavor to all of it. Not like most Chinese restaurants where they put just enough flavor on it to make it edible.I do wish they had egg rolls because I am not too much into spring rolls.The portions were also extremely large. This will be my go to place if I am anywhere even close to it. But, I will also keep trying other Chinese restaurants because I could eat that every mean of the day and not ever be tired of it.If you are in the area where this is, I believe its called Apache Junction Frys shopping center, you are in for a real good meal.
5	First time I was here was for lunch. They were a little rude, service was slow and food was so so.  After hearing glowing reviews from people and seeing the reviews here, we gave it another chance.  Well, the first time must have been a bad day.  Been back 4 times since and it's great.  I usually get one more dish than we have people for leftovers.  Can't fault anything now,  great not only for AJ (most AJ restaurants stink) but anywhere I've been.
5	I love this place! Great food, good service, and quick takeout. It has been a while since Apache Junction has had some decent Chinese food and I think the owners know it. I have never had a bad meal or bad experience here. Highly recommended!
3	Basic Chinese fare at a good price. Had lunch (entree, rice, egg roll and soup) and a refillable soda for $5.75 plus tax and tip. Don't expect anything extraordinary, but the food is good and so are the portions. You won't leave hungry. Had Kung Pao chicken and it was pretty much what I expected to get from a mom n pop Chinese restaurant. Plenty of veggies and chicken. I will come again when I'm in the neighborhood and feel like a basic Chinese.
4	Restaurant was clean, service was quick and food was good! We debated going in, but were pleasantly surprised. We'll probably go back.
4	I'll admit, I was a little nervous to do strip mall Chinese in AJ but I wanted Chinese, and the reviews were good, so we went for it. We will definitely go back. The egg foo yung was delicious, not greasy at all. My husband ordered the cashew almond chicken, the veggies in it were still crisp, the nuts were crunchy, and the sauce very good. We normally order spicy dishes when we get chinese, but tonight we were in the mood for mild. These dishes hit the spot with delicious savory sauces. Comfort food, I guess. I'll look forward to returning to try other favorites soon. Or maybe find out what the piled high plate of giant shrimp and veggies was we saw being delivered to a nearby table and try that! Those shrimp were huge!P.s. service was great tonight, very attentive. Our glasses were kept full and our daughters special food request was happily met.
5	This is absolutely my favorite place for Chinese food in the area. The food is fantastic and the portions are very generous and reasonably priced.
5	This is the first time I've visited here. I was a little weary of Chinese food in Apache Junction, especially in a Fry's strip mall. I couldn't have been more wrong. We came for dinner. The restaurant is exceptionally clean, the furniture is new, the food was delicious and the wait staff was great! Good portions and fairly priced. We'll definitely be coming back! We didn't leave hungry!
5	Wow, you helpers weren't kidding. This place is amazing. We ordered 5 dinners the other day and the amount of food they provided, were huge. Not one negative thing I could say. Staff was so kind and friendly and we have a new favorite place.
5	Wow! I really liked this place :) My boyfriend and I ordered pick up from here last night after a dinner at home gone bad LOL. (Not my fault mind you) Anyways... I am new to the area and we have been looking for a good Chinese place. This was awesome! We ordered over the phone and within 15 minutes by the time we got there it was already waiting for us. We got the orange chicken, broccoli beef, and the fried rice with vegetables.The orange chicken was great because it comes in smaller pieces, which means more meat and is not made up of pretty much all breading like most places. The sauce wasn't too sweet, and not too spicy. I didn't try the broccoli beef but according to my boyfriend, his dad, and his grandmother.... it was delicious! The beef was a tad on the chewy side, but the vegetables were nice a crisp. The only complaint about that we had about it was the rice with vegetables that my boyfriend ordered had mushrooms in it (which is typical of course) but he had just forgotten to ask them not to put them in lol.We also ordered spring rolls.... which were nice and crispy, with a wonderful flavor. Should have ordered more!Overall, it was a great experience with plenty of leftovers because of the serving sizes. Also, any meal that my boyfriends 90 year old grandmother scarfs down in a good meal.... considering she normally has the appetite of a little bird. I would definitely recommend giving this place a try, or five!
4	I was also skeptical about this place. I went to pick up a To-Go order and saw that place was packed. I was pretty impressed. It was nicely decorated and everybody that I encountered was very pleasant.The Teriyaki Chicken was good. The fried rice was plain but good.The Twice Cooked Beef was very good. I wasn't expecting it to be spicy though. The Crab Puffs were very good. The Chicken Lo Mein was very good. I usually get sick when eating Chinese food, but not this time. Very eager to try out the rest of the menu.
5	I will say we frequent PF Chang's and RA Sushi so our standards are pretty high, but that's pretty far to drive since moving to AJ so we found a great place closer to home. Lotus Garden is always good. Our family orders take out 2 to 3 times a month there (for over a year now). Every time it's quality grub. Never had anything to complain about. You get quite a bit of food with each order and the prices are low for what you get. The only tip I can give is we typically order an extra rice in addition to what you get with your order. Our family consists of 5 people (3 are teenage boys). As anyone knows with boys, they can put away the food. Two entres will feed us all. If we order 3 entres we have lunch the next day too. The boys love the orange chicken and house spicy chicken which I've noticed since they make the sauce from scratch, sometimes it's a little sweeter, and sometimes it's a little spicy. We don't care because it's always really good. Take out orders have never taken longer than 15-20 minutes.
4	My favorite Chinese Food in the area the service is good as well! :-)
