3	Lupitas moved to this new location and it is A LOT smaller than the old place. Its in the same location as Castillo's was located before it closed. The difficult part about this location is that it is oddly designed. The restaurant is all booths, one right after another in two rows. There are no tables...just booths. And if you need a high chair, it makes it difficult to get around them because of the layout of the room. The decor is more subtle than the previous location. There are a few pictures up on the wall and the painted mural from Castillo's tenure is still on the wall. Because of the layout of the room, the decor is low-key and very understated.The food is good although nothing terribly special. The chips are fresh and hot. The salsa is chunky and flavorful. I wish they had seafood on the menu. All they offer are beef and chicken items so that kind of limits the selections. Mexican food is all pretty similar in its ingredients--all contain meat, cheese, lettuce, sour cream, and have some sort of vessel containing it all. There is nothing unique to Lupitas that you can't get at any other Mexican restaurant. But it's good tasting food, served hot, with a friendly staff at a good price. It's worth a visit.
5	Love love love this place.  The staff is friendly and the food is fresh.  The salsa has great flavor.  The chicken used in many if the dishes has great flavor and is not bland, unlike a lot of Mexican restaurants I've been to.  Try the chicken chimichanga.  It's delicious.
5	I have never had any food here that wasn't a least very good and usually extra good.  This is Arizonan/Sonoran Mexican food at its best.  This is at both the old location and this seen and accessible location.  This new location is more user friendly and I don't feel like I'm in a speakeasy.  I saw a review where it was said everything here was just a variation on beef & chicken. well that is plain wrong.  The pork chili verde is the best in the northwest valley.  The menudo is rich and hearty.  The cheese crisps are great.  This is the only restaurant that offers fresh jalapeno or serrano chilies, not that canned or pickled junk.
4	I found the people here very friendly and helpful.  I came in for take out and found the menu very well laid-out so I could make my choices quickly.  My order of two plates and a kids plate were ready in 15 minutes.  Now, my favorite Mexican food is TexMex due to being raised in south Texas and really enjoy that flavor.  This food is not TexMex but has a good flavor.  The refried beans and rice were excellent, as good as any I've ever had.  My daughter's taco had a generous helping of shredded beef, lettuce, cheese, etc.  My wife's burro (burrito) also had a generous amount of shredded beef, served without a sauce poured over it.  My plate had a tamale with the same shredded beef and had a cheese enchilada with a sauce.  It's probably the "Arizonan/Sonoran" style but we all thought the beef didn't have seasoning.  My wife and I thought it was delicious, but tasted like moist roast beef that was shredded without seasonings appropriate for a taco, burrito, or tamale.  The tamale was delicious with excellent seasoning in the masa.  My only concern was the masa was very thick (about 3/4 to 1 inch) around a normal amount of beef for a tamale.  Maybe this is the Sonoran style?  Overall, all the food tasted good.  We'll need to try more from their menu to see how everything else tastes.
5	The food is always good! I've never had to wait for a table. Whenever I have extra money to eat out, we treat ourselves here.
1	Awful! The staff was friendly, but I am pretty sure the waiter was on drugs. I am disappointed that the food was so terrible. Even the ice tea was awful, how do you screw up ice tea! The only half way decent thing were the chips. Will never go here again and will tell people do NOT go!
3	This place was ok at best.  Decent but definitely not the best Mexican.  The salsa tasted like it was made with enchilada sauce.   The chips were fresh and hot, which was a plus.
5	Great food and service! I have been eating lupitas since it was at its 1st location that was originally La Fondita. The food is very good and you never have to worry about being different then the time before. There are half tables and booths. ( not all Booths anymore like some one stated before). I like going to a restaurant that is very consistent with great service and never a wait! I think people are always just looking for something to complain about( unsalted chips? Really?) they put salt on the table so if you want to add it do it because I'm sure if they put salt on you would probably complain about there being too much salt. Overall it's a great place to eat. Don't listen to the negative reviews give it a try for yourself!
5	The shredded beef tacos and chips and salsa are Devine!!!!!!  The people are friendly and will make anything to order
2	This place was just O.K.  I have been in AZ for almost 2 years now, and I can honestly say that it is my least favorite Mexican restaurant thus far.  Pros: -The waitress was awesome. She was both waiting tables AND cooking--now that's skill right there. -The chips were amazing. The salsa was alright, but it kind of had a pizza flavor because of the oregano. -The rice and beans were delicious! Cons: -They upcharge for EVERYTHING. Want to share? That's an extra $1.50. Also, they charge $1 extra for chicken--yes, chicken, one of the cheapest meats out there. Oh, and it's an extra dollar for pork and/or carne asada. I understand the carne asada part, but pork and chicken? Not so much-Speaking of chicken, mine was terrible. I got a chicken burrito, and it was just plain, boiled chicken inside a flour tortilla--nothing else. It was seriously just boiled in plain water. There were no spices, no nothing, just plopped a chicken breast in water. Tasteless. My husband's machaca was pretty good though. It tasted like plain roast beef, but it was MUCH better than the gross chicken. With all that said, I probably won't be going here again. It was way too expensive for food that was mediocre at best. I much prefer Humberto's down the road. It's cheaper and the food is much tastier.
5	The food has stayed consistently excellent.  Came in to have a holiday meal with my daughter and was greatly satisfied.
