5	The most amazing show. Great people, new innovative products, and vendors that are friendly. Clif bar throws cool parties. Customer service is wonderful. Terry is great she helped us get our gala tickets back even though we cancelled them by mistake. Give her a bonus!! All together great show for any retailer. Thanks guys!!
4	Friday 9/12/14 was consumer day, but don't expect to buy anything.Very few vendors were selling anything: Bell, Blackburn, Go pro, Gyro, Shimano, Sram, etc wouldn't sell any of their products.  If you were expecting to try on shoes from Shimano, 510, Pearl Izumi etc you will be disappointed. Ditto for helmets from Bell,  Gyro, Scott, Smith etc. The display helmets are usually a size medium so no XL etc.The take aways from the show?1. There's so many vendors that it's difficult to see everything. It's overwhelming. There were also vendors that weren't in the main hall. Plan out your day.2. Go to the power bar and cliff bar booths if you get hungry or thirsty since there are tons of free samples.3. Di2 is cool, expensive, complicated, programmable, and not really needed if you have a 1x set up like me.4. All the Camel baks looks pretty much the same. No innovation besides a pack and bladder of different sizes and colors.5. Powerbar has a new lemon wafer coming out in March that is the best. I'll buy by the case most likely.6. Mountain bike wheel size - 26" is quickly fading, 27.5" and 29" will fight for the market. I'm guessing new bikes will be 27.5" - 60%, 29ers about 25%, and 26ers about 10% for new bike sales above $9007. Taiwanese and Chinese manufacturers are all on one side of the show and have some really cool stuff. 8. Some major names don't have big displays or even attend. I didn't see Specialized or Trek and Shimano didn't display their stuff, only had meeting rooms and a counter.9. Fat Bikes were everywhere. I'd bet almost all manufacturers will have 1-3 fat bikes.10. 11ninefatbikes.com had the coolest fat bikes of the show! Full sus! I rode one around the showroom floor. Try one out, they're fun. This guy is a start up out of Vegas and the only full sus bike I saw at the show.11. Bamboo bikes! http://www.bamboobee.net The coolest bikes of the show! I'm buying one this month!If you're into bikes, this was a lot of fun. You'll see stuff you want to buy that you never run across online or in the magazines.
5	What a great show this was on Consumer Day, September 12th, 2014.Thank you People for Bikes!!  for hooking us up. This show is a must for all cycling enthusiasts.  Held at the Mandalay Bay convention center. The show was busting at the seams with the "who's who" in the cycling world attending. You really needed 2-3 days to adequately cover it--it was so huge.  I had to pick and choose who to visit.  Some of the most interesting individuals in cycling and product development.  Lot's of new ideas trying to coming to market or new to the market.  Many that you have never seen or heard about.  There were only 2 cycling entities that made intentional decisions not to participate:  Specialized and Trek if you can believe.  Why? Their marketing departments decided that they have nothing to benefit by attending, everyone knows who they are and can come to them, and their money is better spent elsewhere since this show is expensive.  My prediction is that in the future, no will know where they are...At the show you have to opportunity to meet seasoned and new product designers.  You can explore new products just on the market and some coming to market. You can network with most everyone in the industry from metals, to clothing, to racks, to accessories, to tires, to handlebar tape, to foods, and much more.No one is allowed to sell at this trade show--that's not the purpose--but there were lots of quality swag.  We took home a few.  And have photos with the actual Amgen podium models too!Outside, the convention center, they set up a track and we tested over a dozen electric bicycle--it was a ton of fun, even in the heat.I am putting this on my list to attend again next year.
