4	Why am I reviewing a beer warehouse?  Because in Pennsylvania your life will depend on these few and far between places to purchase alcohol.In all my time visiting relatives in PA I never realized that in regards to alcohol it's like visiting a foreign country.  I used to think Norway was annoying but PA takes to a whole other level.Let me see if I have the rules right.1) You can't buy alcohol and places you normally can, like the grocery store, corner store, etc.  You have to go go special stores that sell just alcohol (all you scandis should be familiar with this concept).2) Beer and Wine/Hard Liquor are sold separately in different stores not even close to each other.3) You can only buy beer in cases from the beer store.4) You can buy 6-packs at any bar.  I'm not sure what the price rules are for buying from the bar.So in my time in Pittsburgh I was only able to visit this beer warehouse (hey, it takes a while to work through a case of beer).  Not sure if this is usually the case but the selection here was awesome.  If this is what it means to have special beer stores, then I'm all for them, except I would like them on top of and not instead of the normal grocery store/liquor stores.  Beers from all over the country and all over the world.  And not just cheap weird stuff you've never heard of but good brands.Prices weren't the best but I'm assuming there's little you can do when the state sets up a monopoly like this.
4	Yeah, so buying beer in the state of pennsylvania is a shit experience.  Why, why, why, WHY can't they just sell the beer in the LIQUOR STORES?   I don't understand that at all.  Anyway, I was parked, in, and out with a case of black lager and a blue moon brewmaster's sampler in ASAP, so I'm a happy camper.  I would be happier if going out to buy beer wasn't like a full day's errand, but that's PA's fault, not save-mor's.
5	If you have a car to travel, Save Mor is the place to go for beer--they sell cases, kegs, cups, and snacks, which makes picking up what you need for a party a simple, one-stop affair.The prices are typical, the people are nice, and they have a huge selection of most everything you'd want a case of. Also, you get a free large bag of ice with every keg/tub rental!
5	Im like a kid in a candy store every time I come here! They have everything you expect to find and other goodies such as cases of delicious micro brews, lindemanns framboise, and other imported gems. The store is sectioned off by snacks and sodas/energy drinks, seasonal, country of origin, state of origin, chilled, and el cheapo cases. Its always well stocked and the cashiers are pretty cool. If I ask about a new beer I want to try they tell me what they think or have heard about it. Prices are decent and they always have sales.
5	Save-Mor Beer, you make the ridonkulous PA liquor laws slightly tolerable.  They carry my beloved Abita brand, and have a huge selection of many other local, national and international breweries. There's a walk- in cooler section with your normal beers, nothing fancy in there though.Plus, their commercial can't be beat!
4	Easy in and out beer store.  Prices are the usual for any type of store like the such.  There is a cooler section if you are looking for something already cooled...Convenient!Staff is very laid back.Best part is, they still have the doors you have to stand on the mat to open.
4	It's not in Hazelwood.
