5	Today was my first time visiting this specific Pep Boys. I usually visit the one in Matthews, but I love this one better already. It is very big. Everyone is extremely nice, especially Israel who works at the desk in the garage side of the store and the manager, Raul, was walking around when I was lost looking for where to go for my oil change and he was extremely friendly and helpful. And they always have plenty if coupons so I basically got a $6 oil change. This is one of my new to to places when I can get my hands on a coupon.
4	Same as before. Planned on going to Walmart for my oil change but they couldn't get my oil filter off so I had to come back to this Pep Boys. The mechanic, Bobby Brown, screwed the filter on too tight, my Dad couldn't get it off (or he would've changed the filter as well as my oil) and about 3 of the guys from Walmart couldn't get it off. What a pain to drive all the way from Concord to come back here to get them to get the oil filter off easily and especially as a broke college student not to even get a discount for my time.
5	Israel the front desk/service manger was great...funny and helpful..multi tasked calls service request great while they were swamped.  Other employee went out of their way to help and were what seemed to be quite honest and  very thorough in explainations to costumers.   Had an oil change but did courtsey inspections and ran diagnostic codes for check engiane light free of charge.  Sadly it will need to go back for the check engine light but we will use their service even though it is a fair distance from us.   We ended up there by just driving around after a poor and rude experience at another oil change place but it was worth it.
1	I needed to get my car inspected and since this business is the closest location to my house that offers such a service, I decided to try them out so I made an appointment online for a State Inspection today at 4pm. The appointment setter online asked me for my car's make and model as well as the service needed before presenting me with a calendar highlighting the available appointment times. After reviewing all the days and times available, I went ahead and set up my appointment and received text confirmation a couple of minutes later. When I showed up at 4pm for my appointment, the guy at the desk very unapologetically said that they do not offer State Inspections on the weekends. I told him that they should address their website's appointment setter because it should not have allowed me to make an appointment for an inspection at a time when they don't offer it. He just said that he has nothing to do with that... The whole thing was a complete waste of my time and I will be taking my business elsewhere in the future.
