1	This is THE worst doctors office I have ever been to. The staff is rude, the place is always overcrowded. And it takes forever to be seen, and usually by a PA or NP never a doctor.I had to change my insurance, I had told the girl on the phone when I made an appointment, and I told the girl upon check-in. Filled out m new insurance paperwork and they STILL charged my old insurance. They over-charge on basic blood work (charged me 200 dollars, while I got blood work at a different doctor's office and they charged 40 dollars). You also have to make an appointment to find out the results of anything, and then they charge your insurance. DO NOT GO THERE
4	I was in desperate need to find a doctor in my area, and turned to my health insurance website and I have to say it was useless..... SO, I turned to Yelp!! I was hoping that my fellow Yelpers would have posted something great about a practice in my area, but I was sad to see that I didn't find to many reviews :(, so I turned to my friends (I turned to Yelp first cuz yelpers always speak the truth:)A friend of mine recommended Nurse Practitioner , Carrie Smalley at Desert Bloom. So, I called in and spoke to the front desk girl. I did not catch her name, but she was WAY helpful. Told her my urgency and said she wouldn't be able to get me in that soon, BUT they did take walk-ins the following day. She gave me the walk-in times, and reminded me their were two teams that work their (not to sure whats thats about) and stated if I came in the morning that Carrie would be working that morning and it would be good possibility that I would get her. She advised me that the early the better, I got her drift!I showed up the next morning before opening and was impressed to see the door already unlocked and 2 people waiting in the waiting room. I noticed the 2 sides of check-in, realizing the 2 teams. I walked-up to the desk and was greated. I stated I was a walk-in, the girl was like "ohh you called yesterday, I recognize your voice..." AWESOME! But damn me for not getting her name. She took my info (since I was new patient there) and within 30 mins was brought in. I waited a bit to see Carrie, but I assumed much since I was a walk-in (actually thought I be their much longer waiting). Carrie came in and tried to get some background info about me and we got down to the reason I was their.... Gotta say my friend was right and Carrie was great and easy to talk too. I am very glad I was able to get seen as well as find my new medical provider :) My only issue would have been is when you check-out. The girl at the check-out was on the phone and completely ignored that I was looking right at her. Not even a hand gesture saying "1 sec," which I would have totally understood. Ackknowledgement is key in any customer service business, just a note. Other than that would totally recommend!
1	If I could give this place zero stars I would! Waited 3 hours for my mother  to be seen. She DID have an appointment. When you are called in you then wait another hour to be seen! The office staff is unprofessional and not helpful. Especially Julie the Supervisor. She is rude, and needs a course in customer service. If you are looking for a doctor steer clear from here.
1	Pros: Very nice doctors. Cons: crowded always. Doctor spends short amount of time with you. Anywhere you go you know you'll have to wait but these guys are ridiculous. Good luck trying to schedule an appointment without the help of a crystal ball. At least 3 weeks + average to schedule an appointment. I've called multiple times to schedule an appointment and the phone rings and rings and the hangs up. After you dial, the menu order is 1, 1, 0 to speak to an "operator" who schedules appointments.
1	The office etiquette on the phones is terrible & every time I have called in, I get placed on hold by multiple people. Not only is the office personnel rude but the dr. had me wait until 12:30 to see me when i called ahead for a 11:15 appt. Yes she takes time to have a thorough visit with her patients but this is a business and punctuality needs to be taken more seriously. If you choose nursing as a career, you should understand that service should be a top priority at all times!!!!!!!
