3	Decent High Tea served at Palm CourtExpecting a 5-Star experience, we found the waitstaff to be inattentive; focusing more on the wedding party who were waiting for their event to begin, than the patrons who were trying to enjoy High Tea and lunchTea pots emptied & cold w/ no one around to refill & in fact, we were never asked if we needed refills on anything.  In the UK High Tea services we've experienced in the past, it's usually set up w/ lots of offerings to bring out more sandwiches, more pastries, etc... not hereMom & I shared the Veggie Afternoon Tea while Dad opted for the Roast Beef SandwichTea sandwiches were standard fare.  No wow factor - egg, tomato, cheese.  Was hoping for some interesting curry, chutney or something to really make it stand out but unfortunately it was not meant to beDesserts were likewise so-so but we liked the shortbread cookies.  Extremely buttery & crumblySaving grace for our Tea were the Scones!  Definitely best of the offerings & we wished we had had about a dozen more of these - miniature Cinnamon and Honey were the standouts.  Soft and flavorful but they weren't paired with clotted cream....or what I consider clotted cream.We found throughout our journeys & teas in Scotland, a whipped butter-cream hybrid is offered instead of Devonshire Clotted Cream.  Basically, it's just fluffy butter...Dad enjoyed his sandwich but wasn't wowed - standard is the theme in this review & a standard sandwich is what he had ....served w/ crispsSo why 3-stars after this mediocrity?  Well, it was a High Tea, we were on vacation & we got to enjoy the open, airy feel of the Palm Court... it's an impressive Bar / Tea area & worth a visit.... but for that kind of money, we expected a bit more pampering
4	On the one hand, the high tea itself was a real experience. You get the sandwiches and savory set, then they bring out the scones and sweet set, and then some people get the 3rd course of a serving from the dessert cart. Unfortunately, the service was difficult to flag down, so by the time I got someone's attention to give me the bill, I was ready to get out of there vs. trying the dessert cart (and no one even seemed to notice I didn't get that course). It's too bad because the setting and live harpist are really quite lovely. Someone did check in on me after the first course to see if I wanted a fresh pot of tea, but then no one came back to check later, and by the middle of the second course, my tea was cold. It was nice they gave me a newspaper to read, since I was by myself. I would definitely come back because the tea was so nice, but I would make sure I had plenty of time, so I didn't feel like I had to run out of there at the end. Overall, it's just not the level of service I would expect from the Balmoral.
3	the high tea was above average through UK, the sandwiches were specially diversified and its worth to be mentioned that the cheese twist is very tasty, and scones are good but only strawberry and blackcurrant jam were available with the scones, where the latter jam is never something I would go with scones. the dessert section is fine but just. overall I only give three points because we came first than the neighbour table but served after them, in addition, I have been waited for five minutes for my bill and the waiter forgot to give my bank card back.
