4	Solid 4 stars...!  Beer, unassumingly sold from a sleek little shop in the middle of the [Miracle Mile] mall.... Ahhhhh, only in Vegas!And there we were.  E, K, and I traipsing about in the Miracle Mile Shopping Center during the Grand Opening weekend of Planet Hollywood, Las Vegas.  Was it presumptuous to assume that we might refrain for the morning from drinking on this second day of a Vegas junket, after a bender of a first night?  Of course it was... =)Alas, the shimmering chrome and fetching red-n-black silhouette of woman (their logo) drew us in... SIN CITY BREWING CO.!!Our two pints of Weisse were affordable (@ $4.50 a pint) and very refreshingly good.  They also offer an Light, an Amber, and a Stout... all of which I have the utmost faith in the quality and taste of...Why the faith in beers I didn't get to try?  Returning the next day to pick up some [skimpy/sexy] tank tops for my girl-friends, I got to meet The Man himself, brew-master Richard Johnson."So, where from...?" he asked."San Jose, CA", I reply."Me too, that's where my first brewpub was..." he says, beaming.  "Gordon Biersch.""Oh, wow!  Nice to meet you, sir, I go there all the time", I espouse, stunned.Richard Johnson... Gordon Biersch Director of Brewing Operations, Richard Johnson.   Yes, THAT Richard Johnson...All in all, a fun little place away from the hustle of the casino floors.  Where good brews are sold as nonchalantly as soda or water... I heart Vegas!(Plus 1-star for the experience of meeting THE brew-master...!)
5	So, my first experience with this brand of beer was at the Las Vegas airport. I don't think I had ever experienced a draft beer that was actually skunky. Gross!!!Despite this, when I saw the brewery in PH, I decided to give them another shot. Their hef is a really pleasant wheat beer. The bartender was laughing and joking with all the guys at the bar (yes, I was the only chick by far) even though it was only 11am. They even have a walk up, quick-order window, so you can grab a brew and keep on walkin through the shops.If you buy any of their merchandise, your beer order is 1/2 off!!!I will definitely head back here next time I am in town.
4	It's like walking through a mall, but instead of an Orange Julius, there's a brewery stand.  You can sit at a small bar and talk with the bartender/brewer (very knowledgeable and helped navigate us to other good beer in the area), or grab a cup and keep walking.Every mall should have one of these.
4	Sin City Brewing at the Miracle Shops gave me the opportunity to experience something I don't get to everyday so that was definitely nice.  It's basically a small little beer stand located in the Miracle Mile mall.  And you can order a beer and walk around the mall with it...   The beers were pretty inexpensive.  I believe they were $5 a cup so it's conducive for you to try a few of their beers without breaking the bank.  Locationwise, it's good too because it's right next to the Lightning show so if you wanted to have a seat at the stand, you'd get the bonus of a lightning show every however many minutes they do it....
3	Out of Hefe-Weizen?  That's not cool.  Otherwise, beers were decent and the Irish Stout is probably their most appealing beer for craft beer lovers.  I was able to get free samples and it was a nice touch to have my pint to go in a plastic cup for mall shopping.
3	It is to bad that Sin City brewing does not have a location other than a little alcove off the Miracle Mile shopping walk.They brew some really good beer, and have room for about 15 people to enjoy it.Their beer is four or five star worthy and with a nice location similar to the Gordon Biersch brewery on Paradise they would be one of "the places" in Las Vegas. Perhaps they just want to do beer and not bother with all the food and other requirements of a big establishment.The day my son and I stoped by we had a chance to visit with the brewmaster and he made it a totally worthwhile visit.The beer is great .......  the location ? not so.
4	This place was inside our hotel and I am sorry that I didn't get a chance to try it earlier. The Weiss is the exact flavor I like me beer. A cloudy clovey hoppy taste.........YUMMMMMMMMMMMMMM and super cold. The location is on the way out to the pool, right outside out room elevator...now wasn't that smart!!!!
4	As a beer enthusiast every time I visit Las Vegas I am sorely disappointed by the lack of good beer. In a city where yellow fizzy beer rules the roost, Sin City is a sight for sore eyes. Good beer priced as well as you'll find in Vegas. Excellent establishment. It'll be a staple in every visit to Las Vegas for me every time.I must say though, they truly should expand. The locations are small and with a few larger places I think they could really make a respectable place for themselves in the city.
3	I've been to this spot and another restaurant type place that carries sin city brews and I feel...meh.Irish stout is what they most recently got an award for and that is probably the one to stick to. Didn't get to try the hefeweizen. Did try the light brew they have. Nothing special.I really want to love you Sin City Brewing Co...local brewery and ties to Gordon Biersch...but maybe it will take me a couple more times to do it.
1	Hey, a brewery is all about the beer, right? The beer here is for the yellow fizzy crowds (AKA Bud/Coors/Miller drinkers). The special beer on this 1st day of 2010 was claimed to be an IPA, definitely not worthy of the title; way too carbinated and insufficiently hoppy. As the choices are thin in Vegas, stick to the Stout if this place is the only option. It is definitely not a decent creamy beer, but it does have a sufficiently chocolate taste to stand above the other offerings. I would rate this pl;ace 1/2 start if that was an option.
5	Sin City isn't an "atmosphere" bar, it doesn't offer food, it doesn't offer a wide selection of over priced "specialty cocktails". It offers two things and two things only: great beer (perhaps a shot as well but...that's it drink wise) and a cool hang. It's pretty much you and the bar tender as the walk up bar is tiny (by Vegas standards).  Park your self for a few and have fun chatting with the local stop bys and the other walk ups. Have only been to the one at the Miracle Mile but...glad to know they've expanded...it's a sure hit brand too. Nice job Rich kudos to Joe and Skylar as the bartenders du jour.
5	Sin City Brewing Company is a great place to have a beer. The location is small, the locals are friendly and there is enough room for the serious beer enthusiast.  This is the original location on the Miracle Mile at the Planet Hollywood Casino.The brew master, Richard Johnson, is enthusiastic, holds a great conversation and knows how to brew great beers. He definitely makes me feel at home when I visit. The beers are well balanced and refreshing. My favorite is the Stout, though all of his beers are delicious.  I really like mixing the Stout and Amber like a different version of the black and tan. I make it a point to stop by whenever I'm in Vegas and I hope you take the chance to do so as well.
2	I was very excited to visit on my trip to Vegas. I had planned on visiting a few breweries and this was one of the few on the strip. They have multiple locations along the strip. I went to the Miracle Mile Shops and was very excited to try them. I tried the Weiss, which was my least favorite..I just didn't get much complexity from it. The amber was better, but still didn't excite me. The stout was defiantly their best beer because it was rich in taste and body. I didn't get to try their Blonde.I was disappointed that I wasn't really able to talk about the beers and their style. This is the main reason I love microbreweries, you get to see and taste their passion. I probably had too high of hopes for a brewery on the strip. Makes sense why their was so much merchandise and no one too talk to. Next time I will go earlier in the afternoon. I will revisit them again next time I am in Vegas and don't have to compete with people just trying to get trashed.
5	This is actually a review of the Sin city brewery at the venetian! it is effen awesome! i tasted all of the beers they had on tap. Yes believe it or not your main man Shake & bake tasted all the SIin city brews!........damn!I really liked the wheat beer with a hint of banana, yeah banana....pretty good beer.the lager was also tasty and lite yeah I probably drank 3 of those.The bartender there Kelly( tall blonde) she was so nice to us! she even gave us a shot of Jameson! we had a blast at this spot!sin city brew...............you are awesome! I will definitely make a pit stop next time I am in the fabulous Las Vgeas Nevada!shake & bake seal of approval!Hipster infestation level....ZERO cmon you didnt expect to see anyof these unbathed artists/musicians at the Venetian now did ya!?
4	Good beer, cool bartender, we like to stop here every time we visit.  Although drinking in a shopping mall is DANGEROUS for your credit card!  you have been fore warned.
4	My wife and I love beer, a little too much sometimes. But one of the things we like to do when we are in new cities is check out a local brewery and then take home a pint glass and we use those as our souvenirs, cause we think its better to give a guest at your house a frozen glass from a cool brewery then to show them our shot glass collection or a collection of spoons. Anyways, we were excited to see this location in the hotel we were staying at. Even more excited to find out that when we got a coupon book, it had a two for one coupon in it. There's nothing like walking the Vegas shops while double fisting some craft brews. I had the amber while my wife and sister tried the light beer. It is a tiny place but perfect for grab and go. The only thing that sucked was the server, as soon as he saw our coupons he just quickly got rid of us. I still tip two drinks worth even though I'm only paying for one, but maybe I shouldn't, it might be worth it to wait to see how they tip before you become rude.
4	I used to drink here often back in the day when I worked @ PH. So since I was here for a show and had time to kill I decided I needed a beer. They are super friendly here and offer discounts if you were in the mall or hotel. I ordered a beer..I believe it was an amber.Pretty tasty. I love drinking beer in a mall. Window shopping is much more fun when you have a cold one in your hand.Until next time Sin City Brew..and Im sure there will be a next time.
2	Small. Very small so if your looking to watch a game, may I suggest the Sports Book or Agasies? Piss poor Bloody Mary for $10 a double shot. No fresh cracked pepper or horseradish. It's all mix. So why come? Your partner wants a coffe or tea at The Coffee Bean and your already rolling in style. Grab a beer for the road to keep you going. But go.
3	Fun place to grab a beer before going to Tao. I walked by here a million times but never stopped. My husband had the light beer...I had the amber beer...We both really enjoyed our beers. I tried a sample of the seasonal beer... Bitter after taste, not my favorite. Overall, glad we stopped. Reasonable place to grab a drink!! Cheers!
2	Great name, but the beer is insipid, bland, and served  in plastic pitchers. Yuck. College greeksters might dig it, but anyone with an actual palate will be repelled. Costly, boring, feh.
4	I still love this place after all of these years. Its so nice to stop by and grab a cold one & I did while I waited for another show to start. Its such a great spot for people watching as well. I am glad that through all the changes at PH this is something that has not changed.
3	The IPA was OK.  I've had better, but it was nice to be able to grab a quality beer without it having a super inflated Vegas price.  This place is super small and inside a mall, so it's not the typical brewery that you think of when you think of a brewery.
4	Small store front, 4 beers on Tap and Promo Clothes and Items for Sale. Located in the Miracle Mile.
4	Anyone making their own beer instead of serving Bud Light should be applauded. This location is literally a shop in the Miracle Mile Mall at Planet Hollywood. You can take a break from shopping and have a beer. I tried the Amber ale but they also had other types like IPA. It's not going to blow you away, but I'm always a fan of local craft brews when I travel and I'll definitely check this place out again next time I'm in Vegas.
4	I'm a beer guy.  I brew beer.  I drink beer.  I didn't really have high expectations, as this place looks like a t-shirt kiosk.Let me say, I'm glad I made the stop.  They had five beers on tap: wheat, amber, stout, oktoberfest, and IPA.  The stout and IPA are quality beers in my book.  The others are okay, but a little milder than I prefer.We had a great bartender, and a lot of fun with a bunch of hawkeyes.  It's a low frill, no food establishment, but a nice oasis of sanity in the wild desert of Las Vegas.
2	Stopped in here for a beverage while perusing through the Miracle Mile shops. I only tried this place because I had an LVA coupon for 2 for 1 drafts. I ordered the amber and the hef and gave the bartender my coupon which she seemed less than delighted with. Holding it between her thumb and index finger like it was a piece of trash she was forced to pick up off the floor she smiled an odd sideways grin as though to say "WTF?" I could see the "cheapskate, I'm not getting a tip" wheel turning in her head. Regardless of the attitude, I did leave a tip. Dealing with the public is not an easy job. Maybe she is normally fabulous and was just having a bad day. Anyway...There were already 4 people seated at the bar (which means the place was packed) so I grabbed a stool at one of the two pub tables just outside the entry way. I like a chair with a back as opposed to a stool but after walking around all afternoon it was just nice to sit down and enjoy my beer. The seat was uncomfortable but the people watching from this vantage point was spectacular. In fact, the hef and the people watching are the only aspects that saved this from being a one star review. The hef was pretty good but I probably won't be back, Not even if I get another coupon.
3	Fun spot!  The beer was decent and the service was wonderful!  They also have mixed drinks for those who don't like beer.  There is a TV and a nice outdoor area looking towards the gardens.
4	Good stuff made even better by the 2 for 1 pints coupon you can get from the information desk in the mall! Only $6 total :)We tried the stout and loved it, but it was too hearty to have a whole pint that day. Instead, we settled on the weisse (refreshing with a slice of orange) and the amber (bright, complex). They were fantastic.Minus 1 star for plastic cups and an okay bartender who wasn't that interested in talking to us.
4	Sin City's PH location is a little cubbyhole in the back of the mall. They have a small bar with a couple tables outsite. You can sit at the bar and visit with the bartender or grab a table, either is a good choice. This is areat place to stop off and enjoy a brew and people watch. Tourists are halarious as are some of the regulars. I always have the Weisse with a lemon slice. It is an above average, consistant, unfiltered wheat beverage. There are several other locations around town. We like this one because of the non-stop entertainment walking by.
5	Kelly made our experience at the Sin City Brewing Co. at the Ventian and very memorable one.  Great company and entertainer.  The Amber by far is the best I have had in my recent trip to Vegas.  Keep up the good work and Give that Lady a raise.  If I had one complaint it is I wanted a bowling shirt with sin city logo on it but they only went up to size XXL.  I am a big boy I need a 3XL Oh well maybe in the future because I will be back.
4	This place has some of the best beer in Las Vegas! The bar tenders are always nice and friendly... Joe and Elise seem to know my wife by name which is a good thing, I guess. Either way, its a great thing to be able to go to a place in Vegas where the beer is great, the service is amazing and the price is reasonable. I just wish they served some food, but thats another story... don't get me started on the "pizza" place down the hall!!!
1	Gross! It honestly tastes like they took some dirty ass tepid water from Lake Mead and added a little bit of yeast and hops to it. Then they ferment it in a filthy bathtub, pour it into a keg, then cart this crap down to PH where they overcharge the shit out of you for it.West coast beers are usually known for being really fucking good. This stuff is a travesty. It is the red-headed step child of the west coast brewing movement. It is an embarrassment to craft beer. Any beer boasting the name Sin City should be a fantastic and tasty blast to your cerebral cortex! Instead this is a bowel destroying, taste bud assaulting, cup of liquid ass.The lesson is save your money. Save your taste buds. And save Lake Mead by not drinking it's ladled out nastiness.
4	I have been drinking here for 4 years. I used to stop by frequently for a few reasons. 1. I like the beer.2. I was out of work and had nowhere better to go.3. I became friends with a few of the bartenders.I don't go as much as I used to. I work and live in a different part of town now. And most of my bartender friends have moved on. It is still a place I appreciate with beer I still enjoy. My favorite in cooler months is the stout. In Summer, the hefeweizen. A word of caution with the hef, it changes evert time I'm there. Sometimes it is heavy on the banana taste. Sometimes it is heavy on the clove. Other times it is a perfect balance of it all. The light beer I don't care for. It taste like grass to me. And the amber is on the sweet side.For good people, local beer and music of the tenders choice, I like Sin City Brewing.
5	Love Sin City!! Great beer and staff.  I stop by every chance i get.thanks Sin City for all the great times!
3	Weisse beer while I shop? Sure. Had this not been so convenient would I have gone out of my way to get a drink? No. It was a good beer for the location.
3	Sin City Brewing Company is scattered all throughout the strip.  I stopped in to this location to see if I could grab an IPA or something nice and strong to sip on whilst watching my husband gamble (As you know only crappy beer comes for free at the tables and I refuse to drink crappy beer.  REFUSE.).  I got to the bar and was disappointed with the selection.  One Weiss, one Amber, a Lager or Light Ale, and a Stout.  That's it.  Since I was in the mood for an IPA, and have already tried the stout (which was pretty good...although served in a plastic cup), I just took a pass overall.  Sin City is decent, but they need to get more stuff on tap to satisfy me and my beer cravings.
1	More tourist trap than anything. Beers are not that great and a pricey. No beer ultimately stands out. There are a few locations around the strip of these guys, but they are really just contract brewers
3	Tried for the first time liked it ill go back
3	OK this is what it is. it is Beer brewed for the tourist crowd. It is not meant to be San Diego, or Portland Oregon style beers. It is meant to get Bud Light Drinkers to up their game. Taking that approach the beer is what it is, the Heffe is actually quite good and very true to style. The others are rather pedestrian but they are certainly not GROSS either. Do yourself a favor though and if you are going to drink at the bar, insist your beer be served in a glass, otherwise it comes in a plastic cup!
5	The service is what get's this place the 5th Star! Moe was amazing. Super friendly, easy to hold a conversation with, gave some nice tips on places to go and things to do. Limited selection on beers obviously but someting for everyone. Even mixed drinks for the fru fru types that don't like beer. It's not a full bar so they wont have that flaming moe or Tripple upside down gummy bear with a twist! Anywho, Sin City is a nice little pit stop while you're in the Miracle Mile Shops.
4	I'm an IPA guy, and I got the amber, which they call October fest?  Anyway, not many craft brews in this town, so count your blessings it isn't Bud/Miller/Coors.  Ask about the pint glass or pilsner glass.  Discounted prices for your fills there, with a souvenir also.  Great spot to people watch.  Staff is among the best in the business, but with only about 200 sf to deal with, don't set your expectations too high.
3	Beer is pretty good price is a bit much for what it is tho. Ellis island has better beer, better prices and they have good food.
4	Would be a shame if you miss this place but it's pretty easy to do in this strip of stores at Planet Hollywood. If you are a Bud Light or Coors light drinker, don't continue reading! Their Oktoberfest is above average as is their Hefeweizen.  Their IPA and Stout is very good.  Very friendly staff and -- Packer friendly!
5	The server was awesome and very personable unlike other bar tenders on the strip. If Kati is there the experience will be a good one. Plus good brew of stout.
4	Great beer on tap. Excellent service. Fun to hang out with friends and drink and people watch. Plus it located under the Elara.
5	Good beer and the bartenders are always awesome. This place is a regular, and sometimes frequent stop, along the travels of the Strip in Planet Hollywood. The bartenders are always friendly and actually have a personality- it makes for entertaining conversations. Never had a bad experience in the numerous times I've been here. Sin City has only a few beers that they serve but what they make, they do it well. There's a light (for all you weirdos who go to a microbrewery and want Bud Light wtf), IPA, Amber, Stout, and Hefeweizen. That's it. But they're all so good, that's good enough.Reasonably priced too. And I'm a geek and love the gear they have for sale (pint glasses, t-shirts, cute shorts, and even beer taps!). Go support this place, they rock!
4	Beer was good, service was great.  Small seating area which makes it a great place to stop and catch up with friends over an ice cold beer.
5	Good happy hour selection. Small space, doesn't serve food. Clean. Serves its purpose if you just want to have a few inexpensive drinks.
2	I am by no means a beer snob, but do appreciate a good beer.  I have passed by Sin City Brewing Company locations at least a half dozen times over the past few years, but never taken the time to stop and try their beer at their store locations.  I have had their beers over the years at local brew fests and other events, but was never impressed.  Friends have told me the beer at their locations are always fresh, richer and more flavorful...so I decided to give them a try.Honestly...the beers they serve at the brew fests are better and well...the service was too.  I ended up waiting at their "bar" about 10 minutes while the bartender finished her personal conversation with 3 girlfriends before acknowledging me.  When I asked if she could tell me anything about their beer selection I was given the old response "they are all good".  I decided to go with  Sin City Weisse.  I honestly thought it was pale ale when she poured it and it tasted more like a pale ale then a hefeweizen.  I will say I think they have a nice logo and fun apparel line, but their beer itself is less of a craft microbrew and more of a...well...not very good in my opinion.
4	Great Place to drink and have fun,  and people watch the beer is the best!!! Check it out and remember everyday at 4:00 p.m Happy Hour.
5	Great tasting beer, amazing service, and great prices! Jeri is by far the best bartender in town and I can't wait to go back!!!
3	I've definitely experienced better, but hey it's Las Vegas where people get tanked drinking cheap crappy beer. If that's what we're comparing this place to then this place has some pretty dang good beer. But if you compare it to the craft beers that you can get across the US, then this place has some pretty sub par beers. I had their IPA and Classic Irish Dry Stout. They're both okay and not bad. If you've never drank anything but Bud, Bud Light, Miller, etc. then you could use this place as a springboard into a whole new world of better tasting beers! Once you've started drinking good beer, you'll never go back to drinking piss-poor-excuses-for-beer... unless of course you're already drunk. :)
5	Great place to relax and enjoy a cold beer!  The bartenders are fantastic, the beer is awesome, and the atmosphere is great.  I'm hoping to go back soon!
