5	Great fun time. Music was awesome Will definitely go again. Encanterra country club beautiful views. Weather was so nice for this outdoor venue.
5	Beautiful Venue, Great food, Great Wine Tasting, Great Beer Tasting, well organized and Great ENTERTAINMENT!!!  What a great way to spend a Saturday afternoon and evening! Berlin and Terri Nunn was a great warm up and Huey Lewis put on an  amazing show!!  37 years in the business and seemed as fresh as ever! I WILL go back for more shows there!
4	We came to see Berlin & Huey Lewis & The News the drive is far but the venue is beautiful.  Especially, if the weather is gorgeous like is was for the concert.  Once you arrive to Encanterra the parking situation was horrible!  The person collecting the parking fees held everything up and there was a back up a mile long.  Then if you park in the general section it's another mile from the actual concert. It's quite a walk to the front gates.  Once we got to the gates they had food trucks, beer & wine and everything including the bathrooms (port o johns) were right there.  Thank goodness.....we didn't have to walk another mile for food and drinks.  The concert setup was really spacious especially the general admission area in the Spring you can bring chairs and there was plenty of room to accommodate all the concert peepsThis is a great outdoor concert venue.  I would definitely go here again but rethink how I get there.  Berlin - Terri Nunn's voice was fabulous and she really sang some great songs from the 80's. Huey Lewis brought his fabulous horn section so with his great voice and the horns it was awesome.  It was a fun concert, great venue and just absolutely awesome weather!
4	This was a ton of fun! Awesome venue! Beautiful location and views; very clean! There could have been more port a pottys and some ran out of tissue. There was a ton of food and many options to delight any culinary palate. Lots of wine, beer and liquor set up in convenient places. We loved the music of Berlin and especially Huey Lewis. It was a beautiful, sunny AZ day topped with all the other things to make an event near perfect.
5	This is our 2nd Good Life Festival complimentary of the sale Rep for, Encanterra! Loving this. Doobie Brothers & Guess Who. Another beautiful day. However, we are  prepared this time, brought our sweatshirts & a blanket!
4	The Good Life Festival was a fun time! While you'd expect mostly snowbirds, there was actually a very wide variety of concert goers. I love food trucks! And the festival has a few of them, but if you're looking for vegetarian food choices you're most likely not going to find them.
