5	Smoothies, bubble tea and coffee oh my!!Dodo's Cafe, located conveniently inside the West Towne Mall by Dick's, offers some of the most delicious beverages around Madison.The fact that they've got bubble tea is already a plus, but they also make smoothies from fresh fruit! The owners were kind enough to allow us to mix two fruits that weren't part of the combos they offered (we mixed strawberry and mango, and it was oh so good). They also had some awesome coffee drinks, and I got their special of the day, iced almond mocha coffee (it comes with either one or two shots of expresso at the same price).I'll be coming here for as long as the shopper in me is still alive.
5	I discovered this little cart on my way to forever 21 (at the west towne mall) and it caught my attention that they had bubble tea ( I have always loved those) so I decided to try their original milk tea and to my surprise it was nicely done and the best part, it had the right amount of sweetness. In another occasion I tried their strawberry banana smoothie and that was what made come back over and over again, I can't resist to have one of those at least once a week, they are made with real fruit :) and did I mention they have these little cuties called cheese croissants? They are the perfect bite to pair with a smoothie. Now whenever I feel like spoiling myself after a long day of work I go to this little cart to take good care of my tummy ;)
4	This place seemed expensive for the bubble tea, but I'd never had it before and so don't know what the going rate is. For an occasional treat I think it was reasonable. I got the mango flavored bubble tea and just loved it. I went on a Saturday afternoon. There was no waiting, and the women behind the counter was very nice and friendly.
4	I am always looking for place to satisfy my bubble tea craving, and was pleasantly surprised to find this little stand.  Most places I've been to have the tea pre-mixed, so I was a little intrigued by all the mixing and blending going on.  My only complaint is that the tea was not cold so it melted the ice quickly.  Also, it was of the jasmine variety, which isn't my cup of tea (literally), but my husband enjoyed it.  Will try it again with a different flavor.
2	Bubble tea was below average. The bubbles were really plain and too soft. The smoothies are even worse, with the Mango being particularly bad. Your better off going across town to Jade Mountain or even close by to Tai's.
