4	I am addicted to Pizza Palermo. Great flavor. I love the ranch sauce combined with valentina and authentic Palermo Pizza! just for $10!! unbeatable price-value!
4	Pizza Palermo is great! It's priced well, service is awesome, employees are friendly, the pizza is always really good, they have a wide delivery range, and it's always FAST. I think they overestimate their delivery time on purpose. The operating hours are great too.No need for a long review here....it's just a good pizza shop.
3	Decent pizza, reasonably priced and speedy delivery.
4	I usually order from them online and they follow my written direction so well I feel very respected :)))))))))))I love their pizza, wings--sauce is never over done but just right (bbq--never had other flavors), and subs--they toast the bread! ooooooooh I love it! Their pastas are goood too! yum!One time I requested to make french fries crispy and oooohhh yeahhh it was soooo crisp!Their deliver is fast usually takes about 30 min.This is my favorite local pizza store in Pgh that delivers! Yayyyy!Update: I wonder if the owner has changed because the pizza taste signicanly different in a not so good way.
5	Been a Pizza Palermo customer for a long time now. Yesterday I ordered my regular (extra cheese & pepperoni) and had a minor emergency and wasn't there when the pizza showed up. Crisis averted, I called the delivery guy back (I saw the caller ID on my phone, he tried me 4 times before giving up) and asked if he was still in the area and would he mind bringing back my pizza. In just 20 mins he showed up with my food. It took that long because he thought my original pizza had become too cold, so he went back and had them make me another. Amazing.Their pizza has always been good, their delivery always quick even during busy times, and the prices have always been great. But after this epic show of awesome-sauce, they deserved to be yelped.Are you hungry? Do you like pizza delivered to your door? Do you live in Pittsburgh? Stop reading yelp and call Pizza Palermo.
4	Working overnights at the hospital means needing delicious food to cope with the dragging hours of 1AM and beyond. Luckily, Pizza Palermo deliver until 1:45AM, so we were able to get an assortment of hoagies, calzones, pastas, and gyros without any trouble. Not a single person had a complaint about the taste, portion size, quality, or speed of delivery - pretty good when we ordered for 10 people. I had the Italian calzone, and it was quite delicious - mega meaty, complimented by melty provolone and ricotta - but it was also quite greasy, and the grease was not well contained in the pizza box, resulting in grease-covered scrubs... minus one star for that, and for being about 1 dollar too expensive. Despite those sour points, I will undoubtedly order from there again - my coworkers wouldn't have it any other way.PS- just remembered that I also have had an Italian Deluxe hoagie from these guys, and that would also be worth ordering again without hesitation - again, mega meaty and great complimentary flavors from the toppings. It's no Real McCoy, but seriously, nothing is, so this is the best thing out there post-1AM and close to the best any other time.
5	Very good pizza at a very reasonable price! I got mine to go, but they have ample seating and located on a nice corner lot. Two big screen tv's to enjoy the games or news while you wait or eat.  Restroom was clean and had an open stall and stand up urinal, but with a locking door. I bought a huge XL pepperoni pie for under $14.00 tax included. We leave here Tuesday and will probably get another pie before we do. Also the pies come with a container of house made ranch dressing that was great for dipping the bones in. Try it, you will not be disappointed!
4	I regularly order stuff here.  I am a big fan of the Alfredo chicken and broccoli.  They do a good job at it.  Taste great and the seasoned chicken strip is good.  I like their spaghetti as well.  The hot sausage they have is pretty good.  I also like their Angus bacon burger.  Their fries are surprisingly good if it gets delivered in time.  The chef salad is good.  So is the antipasto.Some of their sandwiches are good.  Their steak sandwiches are not.  The meat they use sucks and the sandwich was bland in general.  Their garlic bread sucks too.  Doesn't taste like garlic bread.  It didn't even taste like butter.Overall, they got some bland dishes got plenty of good ones.
5	I regularly order delivery from Palermo and think that they make the best pizza in the East End.  I find the crust often a bit underdone, but a few minutes in the oven at home and the base of the crust crisps up to my ideal.  My personal favorite is a white pie with mushrooms, onions, tomatoes, and Fontinella.  The breadsticks are also tasty (especially with garlic sauce) and the fried zucchini also has a great flavor.  the service is always prompt and the late hours are great.
5	I'm a regular customer here. The pizza is really fresh, and is almost always delivered before the time they quote you, and on top of that it isn't as expensive as inferior pizzas in the area. Definitely suggest to anyone considering eating from here.
4	They have the best pizza in the area (which is served with ranch dressing).  Actually their ranch is so good I think they put crack in it.  I also have a mini love affair with their onion rings every time I order them.  Basically everything Italian on the menu that I've tried has been great but their wings could use some work.
1	Such unsanitary conditions. I ordered two slices of pizza to go and the woman working did not use gloves to pick up my pizza and place it in the box. She compulsively touched her hair and cell phone in between customer orders and never once washed or hands or put on gloves. The fountain machine was out of ice and when I alerted the woman working the register she told me just to get a drink and that it should be cold enough without needing ice. Horrible service and disgusting conditions! I'll never go back.
5	This pizza place is right near my apartment, so it's incredibly convenient. It's also delicious!!! The ranch is so good. I always ask for extra. They are also very nice. Once they messed up my order and never cooked it. Two hours later I called and they were very apologetic and brought me my order free of charge. It is not my favorite pizza place in the city, but for the price and type of pizza I'm looking for on an everyday pizza hunt, it's definitely the best!
5	Great prices, late night hours, lightning fast delivery, and surprising quality. It's probably not the best pizza joint in town (see Pizza Sola or Fazio's), but it's darn good, and their service is phenomenal.
5	So good! I love to get delivery from here- but they also have wifi at the restaurant! Yum their ranch is really good with white pizza + spinach. Their cheesy bread is the best bang for your buck!
3	The food is pretty good, the pizza being the least impressive of their entire menu. Despite being quite expensive, they are absolutely obnoxious about charging for every little thing or making changes. I ordered spaghetti and wanted half white and half red sauce and got a call saying they "couldn't do that." You mean you literally, physically cannot substitute half of the red sauce and add a little bit of white sauce? Really? She said would have to "charge me for it." You would have to charge me extra for the same quantity of sauce? Why, because of all the extra exerted effort? Same thing for any sort of sauce for wings, breadsticks, whatever. And, yes. They charge $0.75 for a tiny cup of sauce. I mean, if you want to pay $35 for a pizza dinner this is a good option. The hoagies are especially good. However, you can get much better for much cheaper elsewhere.
2	Ordered from them through an online delivery service once last year and despite of the generally good reviews here, the experience was largely disappointing. Food was average and the two delivery kids were acting like clowns. Apart from being able to get food from them later than anyone else, there really was no upside to it.
4	This is one of the best pizza places I've gone to so far in Pittsburgh. I've ordered quite a few pies here and what makes it even better is that it comes with a side of homemade ranch! That just makes the pizza taste even better. I've only ordered delivery from here and it has never taken longer than an hour to come and always hot and ready to eat. I do wish the delivery had just a tad shorter wait, but the connivence of not having to leave your place while still being able to eat some delicious pizza eventually, I can't really complain much.
2	Wings/chicken and ranch dressing good.  Pizza, not good. Sicilian Dry. Unacceptable. Do better.
