5	Josh Shaffer, owner of Epic Painting painted my ceilings.  When I showed him the problematic mudding from the previous construction crew, he re-mudded and sanded the areas to perfection!  He offered to go with me to select my ceiling paint, since I wanted something silvery-y, and I am very happy with what he recommended.  My ceilings simply glow! After my ceiling project I asked Josh back to paint my stairwell.  For very little extra cost he offered to paint the ceiling up there and got in finished in very little time.  I decided to hire him to re-paint my walls because there was such a difference between his painted product and mine.  I have painted the interior of my houses, and others', all my life, but my painting cannot compare to Epic Painting..I recommend Epic Painting for any painting projects, both interior and exterior.  Josh is professional, fast, and fun to work with.  He is trustworthy and runs his business with integrity.  I will ask him back to when I put up my final new ceiling!
4	Epic Painting = Epic ServiceAfter a hail storm thrashed the wood trim of my house, I was in the market for a painter.  The contractor that was doing my roof repairs did not offer painting services.  That contractor recommended that I contact Epic Painting, and I am really glad he did.Unlike many of the other painters I contacted, Josh from Epic Painting promptly returned my phone calls.  He worked closely with the insurance company adjustor regarding the repair work that needed to be done.  His crew was very professional and Josh always kept my informed on their progress.  We have a lot of landscaping around the house and none of it was damaged during the repair work.  I was so impressed with the repair work that Epic Painting did, I contracted with them to paint the trim that was not damaged by the hail.  It's been a year after the work has been completed and the house still looks great.  The quality of their work is really top notch.I enjoyed work with Josh and the Epic Painting team and strongly recommend them.
1	Full disclosure, these people DID NOT perform a job for us.  We attempted to get a bid from them.  Very unprofessional.  Showed up to our house an hour early, without our consent.  We were still sleeping. UGH.  Set an appointment, keep the appointment.  I don't care how convenient it is for you to break it.MORE IMPORTANT-the man started our bid with telling us how they would power wash our 100 year old home.  Illegal & incompetent.  Lead paint can pollute the ground water, so the state has some pretty serious laws regarding that.  Also, our home and any 100 year old home will take water into its walls when power washed resulting in MOLD & ROT!  I'm not even in the biz & I know this.  In the middle of the bid the guy left because there was something else he needed to do....haha what a hack.  If you want a competent paint job, skip this company.  They'll poison your neighbors & your ground water.  They can't keep an appointment, so I doubt they keep their word on anything.
