5	I came in to the shop about 9:30am and was greeted promptly and professionally by Ryan. I had an existing  Pioneer navigation system, amplifier and a small box I needed installed. Not all stereo shops will install your equipment. Ryan quoted me a fair price, lower than his competition on Broadway in Tempe. He used quality wires, cables, harnesses, install kits, and connectors. The install looks and sounds great for what it is. Although they were busy, they finished the install timely. I do recommend that the sales person or installer demonstrate the system to the customer. Ryan did not do this but it's not a big deal. Everything worked great when I got in the car and tested it.I paid the tab which was lower than I expected since I paid cash and there were no "surprises"I will definitely come back.P.S. If you don't know me, I know a thing or two about Car Audio shops because I owned and operated a shop in the early 1990's and performed as an Installer, Salesman and General Manager.
1	I had these guys install a set of 8000K HIDs for my headlights and foglights.  Upon completion, I found that when turning on the headlights normally, one bulb was out.  However, I was able to activate it by flipping my brights on and then turning them off every time I needed my lights.  I didn't know it at the time but this was a HUGE red flag.Fast forward to less than a year later... my wife and I move out of state and while turning on my car at night to drive home from work, I find my foglights and the one headlight are not working.  I let it go for a while as its the peak season for the industry I'm in and don't have time to bring it somewhere for fixing.  Which would turn out to be my next mistake.  Finally, the inevitable happens... the last headlight goes out.  So... here I am, less than a year after I purchased these lights and both headlights and foglights are out.I bring it to a local shop to have the HIDs taken out and go back to stock bulbs. They have had the car for a week now because the people who installed it literally cut the wiring for who knows what reason causing me to spend an extra $200 to re-wire my headlight assembly (I didn't have the fix the foglights which I can imagine will be another $100-$200).  I gave these guys a 1-star only because I couldn't give a "0."  I wouldn't wish the poor service these guys do on my worst enemy.
4	I was recommended to Ryan from the guys at Ron Tire that had helped me with my ignition issue. The lock on the driver's side was broken and I thought I would spend the extra cash to get keyless entry (i.e. a car remote) vs buying a $50 lock and installing it myself.I asked for a quote and was told $80 sans module and $150 if it needed it. I had heard from other mechanics that my car (Saturn 07) should not need a module, so I got excited about getting it cheap. The main issue was that the process itself takes about 2 hours, so I had to schedule a time where I could drop off the car and pick it up later (and get rides for each). They are open until 6pm on the weekday but they also had slots on Saturdays.Make sure to make an appointment, because they will not likely help you without it. I came in and stuck around for a bit, enough to find out that my car WOULD need a module and I'd have to pay almost twice the price. I was not a happy camper,  but I was also trustful that this wasn't the mechanic's fault and that it was all because of my car type. I coughed out the cash and my car was fixed. No complaints yet, its been working fine. I hope it continues to be that way (fingers crossed)
5	Good honest guys great service and a good price range taking Ryan has been taking care of  audio and aftermarket needs for six years and always is doing excellent work always goes that extra mile I won't going to anyone else for my audio concerns.
5	After calling around all weekend to car audio places, nobody wanted to troubleshoot my wifes stereo because I didn't buy it from them, or because it was Honda stock. I called audio solutions, brought it down, diagnosis, the after market speaker quit working and shorted out all the others. He simply took it out, works great now. Didn't try selling me more speakers in fact, charged next to nothing for labor.  Will be back.
5	Won't go anywhere else but here. Ryan is the best. Came in to get my subwoofers looked at and he had them working within a few hours. (Only took long because he installed dynamat and had to replace a converter) highly recommend this place to anyone.
