4	I gave Le Peep 4 stars because they have great smoothies!!  This is one of 2 breakfast places I frequent on the weekends.  They have been going through some tough times lately because of the light rail construction, so busy times are hit-or-miss.  Generally around brunch time on the weekends its not too bad, but every once in a while you will hit them at their busy time.  Generally I get really good service at Le Peep.  Lately however it has been slow, bad, or not at all.  I used to see the owner there working every time I went in, but haven't seen her in several months, so I don't know if it was sold to someone else or what.  After I stopped seeing her there  is when I started seeing the servers come and go and the service get worse.I find the breakfast food pretty good, and like I said the smoothies are great.  I have not had anything for lunch there.  I can recommend the french toast or the mini veggie omelet which is awesome!  They have pretty good coffee and their prices are reasonable.  To top it all off, they give you punch cards good toward free meals.  Le Peep seems to be going through some tough times right now, but I'm sticking with them for my weekend breakfast and I recommend them to anyone in the Central Phoenix area looking for something better than your other choice.....IHOP.
4	Um Hello!  there is a CHICKEN on the corner of the street "advertising" Le Peep-- this is Awesome.  Awesome, I tell ya.  The poor guy in the summer must hate his life but right now, it can't be bad.i really enjoy this place, the golf decor is odd, like it wants to have the golf theme but the budget ran out so they just stopped but whatever, a breakfast place shouldn't be rated by the decor.the only reason I wouldn't give it 5 stars is b/c the staff seem maybe a bit off-- like it's everyone's bad day.... maybe it's too early to work?I like the food, it tastes like breakfast I would make at home without all the dishes and the mess.  Basic breakfast food, nothing out of this world, but homey and breakfasty-- is this a word?I want to try lunch here but never seem to make it.
4	I agree with Nadia, who wouldn't love Le Peep from just the chicken out front alone?! Oh, and covered parking on weekends is a plus! It's just an elevator ride up to the restaurant. There's almost never a wait to sit down, and the food here is decent. Service is fantastic! I always remember my dad getting into lengthy conversations with the servers. You should at least try it once if you never have. You may just like it!
4	This Le Peep is closed down.  Now it is a new place called the Light Rail Cafe that I believe is closed down too?  I miss the chicken on Central Ave.  :(
5	I still miss the chicken on the road waving at everyone from Le Peep on Central.
