1	About a several day ago, I bought Ghost Armor in Mesa AZ at the Superstition Mall for my TF101 ASUS Transformer. The screen had a noticable scrap on the screen in it but the installer stated that would go away in few days. I was not impress with crew due to fact they did not pay attention to the customer. I call customer service and the manager James at ext 112  and no return call to a few calls, so to say there is no customer service with this company.  I would be very dealing with this companyRules: 1) don't turn power on for 2 hours2) don't put device in your case or purse for 24 hours3) ghost Armor has a lifetime warranty on the product, installation errors can be corrected after 7 days of purchase at no cost, After 7 days you will be responsible for paying installation fees to have Ghost Armor re-applied to your device. For more information on the Ghost Armor visit http://www.ghost-armor...4) once you start using the device firmly press down on all edges to ensure it is completely adhered. 5) Ghost Armor has a 30 day return policy on products. Labor (install fee) is non-refundable.You must have your ghost armor materials for any exchanges, refunds or warranty work. Gift certificates, special orders and custom cut designs are non-refundable
4	I really like ghost armor and had them armor my phone in Yelp Red. At least I tell everyone that's what color it is :) I usually am on yelp anyway so it might as well be yelp red.I personally suggest that if you're thinking about armor, to get it done soon after getting your phone. Saves from gathering scratches, gives a "bit" of a shock absorber and looks super cool to boot - the colored carbon fiber will run you an added $15 (i think) on top of the $20 or so it is for the armor and then another $10 or $15 for them to professionally install your armor. Ive had 2 phones armored and they once messed up the button on the phone; the pattern didn't on the carbon fiber shell didn't match up to the rest of the phone. I asked them to adjust it and they were happy to fix it. I wouldn't make an official claim that ghost armor will protect your phone from shattering. #1 because I don't work for them and #2 because its probably not 100% true, but Ive never shattered the glass on my iPhones, nor has my wife, and we've both been through 2 armored iPhones in the past 5 years. Maybe were just careful, wait that's not right, our phones drop once in a while just like everyone else's. Maybe its just lucky placement of the point of impact when the phone hits the ground or maybe its the extra bit of coverage you get from the armor - you decide.
1	Horrible customer service.  I've had two issues with their product, the most recent being a carbon fiber backing that doesn't fit well and has crooked lines.  It's bright red so the crooked lines stand out.  It pointed out how horrible their quality control is as well. It's a very mom-and-pop amateur company, that mom-and-pop don't seem to care about. Case in point, there's three sets of instructions: online, printed on the box, and at the bottom of stuff inside the box. Only one of them is correct as it pertains to the carbon fiber sticker, which is what I purchased.I went back and forth via email and it was like talking to a robot. They want me to send it back and pay for postage, then they'll process, likely very slowly, a refund or send a different one.  Text-book bad customer service.  They just don't care.I'll upload a picture of the bad fit and crooked lines.
1	Poor business practice!  I posted a comment on here yesterday about the crappy service I received in Fort Lauderdale at the kiosk in the Galleria Mall, but Ghost Armor continues to remove it when I repost, obviously to cover up any negative practices so the only thing that people see here on their Facebook page is the good stuff.  Too bad that the posting wasn't left for people to understand that the full disclosure isn't being provided, prior to closing the sale, as to how the replacement plan works.  The kids who work at the kiosk in Fort Lauderdale pitch the product, but they DON'T tell you that you have to return the old Ghost Armor film to get the next new one for $5.00.  So, I go to get the new one after the old one had been removed and I'm told that I'm out of luck.  The guy was really rude and blew me off with an attitude.  I contacted the corporate office and was told that I should have read the fine print on the sales receipt (buyer beware, they tell you all the seemingly good stuff, but don't tell you the important stuff).  So they pitch the sale and suck you in and then you're on your own.  Very bad, and it felt like part of the excuse from the Corp office was that the Florida mall kiosks are privately owned, but if I would go home, get online, complete a registration process, then call the corp office back again they would issue a warranty or something, then GO BACK to the mall to the rude punk... yeah right, I don't think so, for a piece of plastic!I would NEVER return to a Ghost Armor location or purchase this product EVER again.  If the corporate office blames the privately owned franchises and don't hold them to a high standard, then the problem is at the corporate level.Let's see how long this post is left before they remove it again.  Well it lasted 4 minutes the last time.  Ghost Armor is removing my post as soon as I repost it because they refuse to let anyone say anything negative, instead of resolving the issue, they prefer to hide a single complaint.  Bad business practice again Ghost Armor.  You brag about your product, but don't stand by good policy and allow your franchise operators to tarnish your reputation, which I don't think there is much of a reputation here because if anyone says anything negative you remove it.  Sneaky and disreputable.
5	I got the samsung galaxy s5 screen protector and a carbon fiber skin on my dell laptop as well as the matte protector for the monitor. I have used their stuff for years and it's the best. I have used their lifetime warranty before and had no issues getting replacements.
