4	Are you an Asian male in need of a proper fade? For  my first few years as a native Las Vegan, I could not find a proper place to get a fade before the weekend - perhaps it's the stereotypical coarse, matted hair, but I have a tendency to believe it was the sheer inability to handle a Korean dome. Along comes Jimmy and Bella Salon. On a chance referral from a former student of mine, I went over to Bella, right in the heart of Vegas Chinatown. Let me tell you, Jimmy knows how to hook up the proper fade. Bella has all of the other amenities you would expect from a salon, as I can tell from the busy schedule and constant clientele, but I've only been there for my own haircut. Jimmy is efficient, not fast and meticulous, not exhaustively exacting. In short, he'll hook you up with a clean cut and wash and get you out the door in record time.Now EVERY male living in Las Vegas in our predominately Asian family gets his hair cut at Bella! Need I say more?
5	Jimmy knows how to cut hair.  And he does it quick and is detail oriented.  His siser cuts too but she does ladies cuts.  Even then, he does a lot of ladies too, so he is pretty much a one man show.  He was even better when he was still charging $12 but now he charges $15 which is kinda pricey for that area and for poor lil me. Gonna have to wash more dishes I guess. Say it aint' so Jimmy.  I havent been to anywhere else, so I am not sure how those other $10 ones compare. Besides, I've been going to Jimmy for at least 3 years now. I give him a 5 star rating but that $15 is kinda pricey especially when guys have really small amounts of hair to cut, unless you are one of those guys with a frigging mane as thick as The Black Stallion's.So if you want a friendly barber who cuts your hair and gives you a wash too before your hair itches all over the place, you should pop in and try this place out.  It sure beats the Korean ladies who charge $25 for a guy's cut. That or a barber who feels your hair through too much and is always wearing a skinny tank top with skinny arms. Man, those were bad haircuts. What was I thinking? Oh right, my uncle took me to those. Geepers.
5	$15 will get you a hairstylist that actually listens to you.  Listens to what you want done, and checks in with you from time to time to make sure you are getting what you have pictured in your mind. I have had a few cuts here, and have never been unsatisfied.  I always get what I wanted, and not what the stylist "thinks" is better or their version of the idea.You also get a wash and rinse when you are finished, so no itchy neck afterwards!Set an appt though.  Seems like he is always busy when I come in, and looks like he works by himself in the afternoons/evenings.
5	My hubby love to get his hair cut here. Ask for Kevin. After the hair cut they washing,shampoo,&massage his head.He does great with kids hair too. My son have uneven head. Kevin did great job making his head/ hair look normal. We will always come here for the boys haircut :)
5	I came into Las Vegas for the weekend and my wife insisted I needed a haircut so I yelped and had a list of barbers near our hotel. Called couple places and they all quoted me $25-$35. Wtf? This guy quoted me $15 and had good reviews so I decided to check him out. Made a reservation and couple hours later went in. I have to say this guy is awesome. Many places I've been never know how to cut hair the way the customers wants it and usually cut the way they know how but this guy got it perfectly. I usually go to a very known barber shop in Los Angeles and my wife even agreed my hair cut is much better than usually. I love this place. I wish this shop was in Los Angeles. I will definitely come back whenever I'm in Las Vegas. Must check out...
