4	Many Holiday inn Express hotels are very similar. After ten years getting a little tired and in need of some updating.  This one has just been through an update and it was nice and the price was right.Good beds and linens, free Wi Fi, and a really nice well stocked breakfast with OK coffee.The missing star is for no cold water - plenty of hot water but in my room all the water ran hot.  Is that because Phoenix such a ridiculously hot hell hole?
4	Mid-June, 2011:  I like to stay at the Holiday Inn Express whenever I can find one.  I appreciate the consistency of the rooms, breakfasts, and wifi.  I've always found the staff helpful and friendly, regardless of the location.Be aware, however, that price is not one of the consistencies; and the location often dictates what the price will be, which I guess makes sense ; )
5	The price and location was right, so we stayed here. Called an hour ahead and booked 10 rooms!  Thought that my short notice and extra work load would PO the staff, (as I tend to do with the nature of the work), but they remained very friendly and helpful through out it all. The rooms were Great. Clean linens and the Beds were super comfy, but anything beats the rocks we're used to sleeping on in camp.
4	I was in town for business in Chandler, and they were cheaper than the other location (in Chandler). The rates were good at appr. $96 p/night on a Fri and Sat night. Clean, really accessible off of I-10, and looks like it was recently upgraded.I was able to ask for an early check-in with no additional hassle or charge. The staff-people were super friendly.If you catch em in the lobby at the right time (at most other Holiday Inns also), they have warm Orville Redenbocker cookies in the early evening in the lobby, and fruit and coffee all day long as well.My only gripe is that whatever cleaning solution they use on the laminate furniture leaves a sticky film, which I ended up wiping down myself.it's a pet-peeve of mine when cleaning peeps use that instead of warm soapy water on furniture, which is really the better option. Chemical-based cleaning solution shouldn't be used on furniture, even if it's furniture polish!!Lastly, you gotta follow the sign in from the street, and drive laboriously through a parking lot past the Cracker Barrel restaurant to get to the front door!!! ...no, you are NOT imagining things, and you are NOT lost.
5	I always stay at this location when visiting the Phoenix area. It is accessible to the freeways and has a Cracker Barrel within walking distance from the hotel. As well as local eats and entertainment within a couple of minutes. The accommodations have always been great. The rooms clean, modern, and well kept. A breakfast buffet in the mornings and courteous staff. The pool is nice as well. The price is always reasonable as well.  It's a main stay until I can relocate back to the area.
3	Nice hotel with friendly staff. However, the wifi is very unreliable. I've stayed here over 30 days and the wifi frequently just stops working and will not work for hours at a time. The internet has been down all day today and will not be back up until tomorrow supposedly. I will go to another hotel  tomorrow morning as reliable & fast internet is the single most important item when choosing my hotel stays. I have 29 days left on my reservation, this hotel will loose a month of my business due to unreliable internet. I would hope a manager reads this and realizes the importance of reliable internet to their customers...if they even care. A small investment in quality networking gear would keep me coming back. I stay at hotels for months at a time but will not be returning to this one even though it's close to where I'm working. I would have given this hotel 5 stars had they maintained their internet properly. So if you don't care about internet, this is a nice hotel.
