4	This is a little hockey dive-bar located in the Arcadia area.  TV screens hang above the bar & as you look behind the bar you can see the hockey rink and players.  Enternaining as the other review said.  I had Dunkel Hefeweisen and my girlfriend had a Corona.  Good times as a group of kids played Rock Band and sang off-key Nirvana covers.  I like this little hidden place.  Just be prepared - it's your average little bar for the average Joe guy.
4	One of my new favorite neighborhood bars! We had a Canada Day shindig here and it's a great little neighborhood bar with fair drink prices and super friendly bar staff. You'd never know that there's a bar inside when you get to the parking lot behind the Ice Rink - just look for the signs on the top of the building. They have lots of TVs for hockey fans and the bar looks right out onto the ice so you can watch people skate. They had a great jukebox and the Rockband kit so you can rock out with all your newest bar friends. For food selection you have BBQ, BBQ, or BBQ...either beef, pork, or chicken, with a side for $6.50. Tasty stuff! Great beer selection including Molson Canadian or Labatt Blue.
4	CHEAP drink specials, except for the bad beer selection.  Good selection of sports on the TV above the huge windows facing the rink.  Bar tender remembered my name (I'm going to pretend it wasn't my awful drink choice of the night that was memorable) off my card after I closed out and went ice skating for almost 2 hours.  Minus one star for the annoying middle-age couples who got a little too into their darts game.  Here's a few tips for people like me who are easily lost: there is a bathroom in here, near the fireplace.  Walk down behind the bar stools to get across the bar, thereby avoiding the darts games.  Park in the front, in front of the ice rink, and walk down the dark alley to access the place - apparently if you park behind the place, your car will be broken into.  Just another sign of a great dive bar!
4	Ice House Tavern is a dive bar with character.Behind the bar is a large plexiglass wall with the Arcadia ice rink on the other side. The coolness of this is that you can sit at the bar and watch hockey or ice-skating while you drink. When we first arrived, there was a hockey game in mid-swing. There were multiple occurrences of goal shots gone wide, with a final destination of smacking against the back of the plexiglass bar wall near us. I found this to be highly entertaining, but it could definitely cause some people to get startled, so you might not want to sit directly at the bar if there is a hockey game on-going and you are easily spooked.They've got darts, video games, plenty of seating and a good bottled beer selection. I wish they had a good micro-brew on tap, but alas, I settled for the bottle route. Thankfully, they've got some awesome bottled beers, like the 22 oz Arrogant Bastard Ale from Stone Brewery and Kiltlifter from Four Peaks.Cool (literally) & unique dive bar. Check it out and then test your luck out on the ice.P.S. The place can be a bit difficult to find if you don't know where it is. Drive to the left of Wal-mart and into the back alley area, passing Arcadia Ice Rink & then make a left. You'll see banners at the top of the end of the first building. That's the spot. Enter on the side.
4	I used to work for the owner when he was GM of another bar so I'm a little biased but I had a great time here and have been meaning to go back ever since. The draft beer selection isn't great but the prices more than make up for it.  Plus, Hockey easily triumphs all other sports when it comes to being the most entertaining to watch while getting drunk, in my opinion. I mean, cmon, baseball? If I wanted to watch a bunch of roided up dudes standing around doing nothing I would just drink in Scottsdale. Ice Hockey [sign for greater than that for some reason Yelp doesn't allow] Scottsdale.  Clearly
3	Ummm ... I don't even know where to start (or end) ... I mean it's a freakin' bar, in an Ice Rink, in the middle of the desert. The bar is set so that the main focus is on the ice rink. But as of this writing they are starting to book some cool local bands ...It's super cool (both meanings) and I've yet to see a band here so I'll reserve my definitive judgment until then ... but its certainly an original in the Valley.
4	The Ice House is great! Whether you are looking for a small dive bar close to home, a place to hang after a movie or while your kid is playing hockey, or to see a live band. The owner has done a great job making everyone feel at home and welcome. They have a great beer and liquor selection. I believe that they have dart leagues too if that is something you are interested in. Go check it out for yourself. It is a little hard to find the first time, it is all the way in the back of the shopping center just west of the movie theater. Have fun and let me know what you think! :-)
3	Not a bad dive bar.  Being able to see the ice surface is unique for this part of the world (not back home) but not being able to get to the area directly is a travesty.
4	My name is Amy and I'm a comedian.  ("Hi, AMY!")  I perform here about once a month and it's one of my favorite spots to make people laugh.This is a bar.  Behind an ice rink.  The wall behind the bar is the plexiglass of the ice rink.  One time, while I was on stage, a puck hit the glass.  Freaked me the you-know-what out.  I thought I'd been shot.  But I hadn't.  Lucky for you.I don't drink, so I have no idea about specials, what's on tap, blah blah blah.I can tell you this:  The service is amazing (and CUTE!) and the place is clean.  I judge.  I judge you on your bathroom.  This bathroom is clean.  The comedy show is every Wednesday night.  It's free.  If you're lucky, you'll see me there.  Making people laugh.
4	First off I would have never found this if it wasn't for yelp so thanks for that. It is not seen from the road and is located behind the arcadia ice rink. Second, pretty bitchin place. All of the reviews are accurate about the plexi glass wall viewing of the rink. Its interesting and I have never seen anything like it. Third, they have live local bands on Friday and Saturday night for a low $4. It is noisey so if your looking for a quiet time I don't recommend it for you. Last but not least, cheap drinks and nice tender!!
5	This may be one of the best cheap bars in Phoenix. The first time I went I fell in love...and then I went back. The second time I went was on a steamy  Sunday with my best friend. What I didn't learn the first time I went is that they will let you you grill your own food (outside), they have a smoking patio, and they frequently serve free food.Really, what is better than a bar that has a decent beer selection, lets you watch live hockey, AND lets you grill your own steak freeof charge?
5	This is one of the best overall bars in Phoenix. Free popcorn, free steel-tip darts, and one of the best beer selections I have seen. You can watch every NHL and NFL game here all while watching a live hockey game on the ice directly behind the bar. Where else can you see that? Live local music on Fridays and Saturdays. Support the local bands! Dogfish Head and Molson Canadian, enough said.
5	LOVE IT! What more can a girl ask for besides drinking cheap Stella's and watching middle aged men slam into the plexi glass wall of the bar.  Yes, this bar is actually attached to the hockey rink!  Instead of paying for the pros just come to Ice House and drink better beer at lower prices and watch more entertaining games (less skilled = more fights)!  The occasional whack of the puck hitting the glass tends to startle even the guy with the biggest bar tab into a moment of sobriety.  Or if you're me you just spill a bit of beer down your shirt and hope you aren't sipping it the next time a puck bangs into the glass :) The crowd at Ice Tavern is hilarious and rowdy (in a good way, not in a frat boy way).  The bartender was awesome... so awesome that when I left my ID there (dive bar pub crawl = less careful with nuances like ID's and wallets) I got a free drink when I came to fetch it because I have the DONOR sticker on my license.  How great.
5	my favorite free (aka... illegal) online sports streaming site was becoming unreliable this past season and i couldn't take it any longer. when i ended up at the ice tavern on a blind date i knew the second i walked in the door i had hit the jackpot (oh oh i mean the hockey jackpot... not the dating jackpot) you never would have known it though... i dragged that date out till the last second of the last game on that night, i was in hockey heaven! (my sincerest apologies to that gentleman..... )ANYWAYS... 5 flat screens on which HOCKEY GAMES get precedence.... imagine that!! one of them usually has a basketball game or something else on but i've never seen a bartender be anything but accommodating (though usually the most popular game as decided by amount of viewers gets sound preference). on that note, all the bartenders are super friendly and personable.though they do have popcorn/candy/bags of nuts.... the only thing i originally disliked about this place was their lack of a real food menu as i tend to enjoy some wings with my beer and hockey! then one night in walks a pizza delivery guy who calls out a name and order. seriously... that's allowed? um.... AWESOME. oh did i mention wingstop is literally across the street? score.great beer selection... friendly atmosphere.... byo-food.... hockey on the tvs AND live behind the glass.... what more could you ask for? i'm in love.
5	Dark. Nice.Good tunes. Great bottled beer selection. Cheap!Nice staff.I like this place so much I don't even want you to find it...And it's not easy to find.Dark.
4	My favorite place to watch hockey - both NHL and live.  The bar is attached to the ice rink, so you enjoy a Molson, watch the Canucks lose the Stanely Cup (sadface), and see and hear the smack of the puck against the bar's glass window.  The bar is homey, dark, free of typical after-work sportsbar crowd, and staff is very welcoming.  They also have live music and standup comedy on certain nights of the week.  A good place to relax with a beer and watch some sports!
5	Since my last review I have become and even bigger fan of the Ice House Tavern. The current owners just celebrated their 4 year anniversary. They thanked their customers with free barbecue and bands. Yummy! I have frequented on their comedy nigh, Wednesdays, and always have a laugh! Sean puts on a great show. I have also come to find some great local bands; Lost In The Sun, Father Figures, What's Left, Quarter Inch Crown, Odds & Sods, and many more. I have also become somewhat of a beer snob these days as well. Their beer list is awesome. Beers I have never heard of and love; Dog Fish Head, Franziskaner, San Tan Brewery and more. If you are looking for something fun and new to do check out the Ice House Tavern. I hear they are also starting up a team trivia night on Mondays. Who wants to be on my team? :-)
4	This place takes hole in the wall to a whole new level. Tucked in BEHIND the petsmart. I am not a hockey nut by any stretch- but this is the IDEAL bar for anyone that is. The bar faces the glass behind the goalie- there are several flatscreens placed throughout the bar-All sporting a hockey game. LOT of beer options, a whole LOT. Very cool place.
3	Was a little hard to find on the backside of the shopping center.  This place makes me wish I was more of a hockey fan.  We came here for the comedy show on a wednesday night.  There was plenty of different types of beer to choose from.Not really the place to go if you are a little jumpy or get startled easily because of the pucks hitting the plexi-glass. Every time you just about forget about them playing hockey,  WHAM!!  you get reminded.
5	For what it is, it's the top of the heap.Dive bar with spectacular craft beer selection.Several nights of free entertainment each week, including live bands and stand-up comedy shows, trivia, what else? I guess that's it, but those things are awesome.Friendly staff, clean enough, and i won't pretend to not remember whether or not i already mentioned the spectacular beer selection, but seriously, it's a really special, extensive menu for beer connoisseurs. one of the best (in a small joint) in the valley.
5	This place is a low-key hideaway with friendly staff. I would not really call it a dive; it's more neighborhood bar. Watching live music here is a really up close and personal experience. They support local live music.
5	Fantastic bar! Dive-ish bar, patio type area, Wednesday is Poetry night .... Weekends live music.... poetry isn't really my scene and the live music is kind of loud..... but that's what the patio is for! Great beer selection! What I love about this place is the extensive beer selection!! Dogfish head that I've never heard of! AND you can drink your delicious beers (or cocktails) while watching live hockey games/hockey practice. I'm not big into ice skating but this is super fun. AND it feels like a secret bar... which I guess my review isn't going to help.
4	To locate bar: Enter passed the movie theater near the Walmart entrance (there's a traffic light for this turn), head directly back towards the Ice Rink and proceed to the left behind the rink building. Find the poorly lit dumpster and you found the bar.Best part: The back of the bar is a window into the Ice Rink, live LOCAL bands (they don't even let the bands play covers), great beer options, wood paneling, dive-y with a cozy feel. Wish it was closer to my house because I would be here all the time if so!
4	Swing around the loading docks behind the Dollar Tree, or head down the service corridor from Wal-Mart and you will spot a charming lit sign that reads BAR. Once inside, before your eyes even get used to the dark, you are greeted by the lone barmaid. Just put your hands out in front of you and follow her voice to a cushy brown vinyl seat till your eyes adjust to the neon and the bright white of the ice hockey rink that's separated from the rear bar by double-paned plexiglass.It's a unique experience to enjoy a craft beer while amateur hockey players smash into the glass, or while watching the slumbering pace of the Zamboni machine as it sweeps in between periods. The bottled craft &import beer selection of the Ice House is very impressive and nightly specials can be super cheap. And it looks like they've just added several taps. I always get great service from the staff, usually a solo barkeep. Sometimes they even put out hot dogs or other munchies, cooked on the patio. Whenever there is not a band or comedy night going on, it is quiet enough to have a conversation with someone from across the room, or to hear the TV audio -- take your pick from continuous int'l hockey coverage or classic movies /cable dramas on the two sets. Feed the jukebox, it's got some killer classic rock cuts.This charmer of a dive is one of the Arcadia area's best kept secrets.
5	Cool Place.  Have lived nearby for almost a year and assumed it was out of business because you cannot see it from Thomas road where the plaza sign for the bar is seen.  Just recently noticed the ice arena next to the walmart and while checking that out saw the sign reading "Bar".  We went in a few nights later and were pleasantly surprised to find such a unique neighborhood bar so close to home.  Friendly staff and friendly crowd led us to have quite a nice time.  You have to go check it out!!
4	this is my favorite bar ever. cheap, quiet, good local live bands, a view of doofus' falling on an ice rink, and a nice patio with token alley cat. fav-o-rite.
4	This wasn't easy to find at first.  It's tucked away in a shopping center and you can't go by the addresses here.  Basically, you just head to the back of the shopping center next to the arena and there you are.I'd read this place has a fantastic craft brew selection and it definitely does.  It's just not going to be draft.  Oh they do have a few drafts but the overwhelming selection is going to be in bottles and cans (if you know craft brews, you know cans are good).  So don't be put off by a lack of taps just head to the bar and go through their beer book to find your brew of choice.I'm not sure how to describe this place.  It's got this neighborhood bar kind of feel with some dive-iness thrown in.  Our very friendly bartender told us they do live music and they have a free jukebox available filled only with local bands.  If you see someone will be playing this week, just head over to the jukebox and play some of their stuff to see if you want to come for the live version.  The bartender told us to be sure and let her know if we did play some music so she could turn up the sound for us to hear.Now this is adjacent to the ice arena so while you're sitting a the bar, you can literally watch a live hockey game or practice.  When I was there, I got to see a kids practice session.  There's  just something kind of calming and entertaining watching kids who can barely walk zoom around on the ice.  Very cute.  Those of you who tend to get cold easily may want to bring a jacket though.  It definitely had a chill in the room which I assume is due to the ice.  Anyway, that little issue is easily solved with a jacket if you do feel a chill.  That or you can step out onto the patio with your drink and soak up some Arizona heat.Next time I'm in the area, I'll gladly pay them another visit.
5	Grand canyon brewery.. need I say more? OK I will! Supports local breweries I saw at least 5 different Arizona breweries on the menu! Drink local! Comedy club is passable at best, shit seating and the host thought he was the main event, but the local talent was OK, I guess? Travis?! was the most memorable, lots of current politics/events that were goin on. Review is a bit old..
3	I've been here several times after a hockey game. Beer selection is great and the employees are all wonderful. Prices are good. Quality dive bar to chill and watch a game (live or on tv). Bad:I've heard a few live bands here and they have all been TERRIBLE! They play too loud for such a small venue, it distorts the sound quality. Further, the bands talk like they are in high school and just learned a new cuss word. Lyrics are juvenile, grow up. I got hit in the head by lunch meat that a singer (if you can call him that) threw. They could use some better (and mature) bands with people who know how to work a sound board.  If there is a band = pass. No band = great place.
5	This is truly a hidden gem and I mean truly hidden! Even with the help of the trustee Yelp app, we still drove around and around the shopping center, only to finally see the glimpse of a sign out of the corner of our eyes. With a couple turns, we came to the back parking lot where the sign welcomed us inside. It might be hidden now, but I learned that the Ice House Tavern has been around since the early 1960's...during the era when the ice rink was in the middle of a booming mall and a center attraction. I can only imagine how popular the Ice House Tavern was during those days. Although the mall is long gone, the Ice House Tavern survives and serves as a memory of what Phoenix used to be and it's a very cool memory at that. I just wish the mall was still there. How cool would it be to have a skating rink in the middle of a shopping mall!I must admit, we were a little nervous parking in a secluded back parking lot and walking into a windowless bar, but we had been reading about this bar for years and had to check it out! The moment we walked in, we knew we'd made a good choice! The very friendly and knowledgeable bartender welcomed us inside while two old timers sat at the bar and started to chat with us. Now as the other reviews say, the very coolest part about this bar is the fact that the bar's back wall is actually the window looking out onto the ice rink! We happened to stop by during the men's league championship hockey game so we got to watch a hockey game while we enjoyed a drink! Speaking of drinks, who would have thought that this was a bar for a beer aficionado! The bartender handed us a thick binder that listed pages of beer and then the description of the beer. They have several different unique beers here and the bartender knows each one! I also enjoyed the food menu. It's simple. It's one item. When we were there, they were featuring a pulled pork sandwich and it was tasty! It was pecan smoked meat and had a sweet BBQ flavor to it. Everything about this bar is vintage, casual and friendly. It's truly a neighborhood bar and although we were first timers, we felt like family by the time we left. Besides watching people ice skating, they also have games including Big Buck Hunt. Don't let exterior appearances fool you and give this place a try!
5	I can't believe I've live .9 mile away and have just visited this find for the 1st time. Heck, it's next to Walmart! (I go to the Walmart purgatory all the time.)As described previously, finding this dive bar is a hunt. Trust me, YOU CAN DO IT! You should do it. Where else can you pick from a huge beer list and watch hockey? I don't even like hockey  (Sorry everyone :) and found the experience awesome.You can saddle up to the bar, which provides an eyeball view of the action, or go up a level and look out. Last night there was even a band! (The Leavehers rocked!)RIght, so where is this bar? In the strip mall that's stage left to Walmart. Drive around to the back, keep driving, and eventually you'll see what looks to be a loading dock area. Up high are two signs that don't particularly look legit. (They're not actually formal building signs, but plastic banners you might see on a fence. No joke.) The door has a tiny awning and there aren't any windows that let you see into the bar. (Just two stop signs stating "21 and over".) YOU HAVE ARRIVED! No matter who you are be ready to show ID. (Don't be flattered ladies. I was, but alas, for no reason :)The beer menu is incredible. I focused on the Porter section. (Porters have their own section!). By looking at microscopic print (or maybe I should get old lady glasses) I learned they have some items on a seasonal basis, or rarely. For this reason I hopped on down to the bar and asked the bartender for guidance. The bartender is SUPER NICE. I love her.FOOD? They serve one hot sandwich. Super deal at $6.75 (that pice includes taxes)! There are also chips (Doritos, etc.) and they have hot popcorn.They also had a few beers on tap. You can pick up a small pitcher for $6!MUSIC? The jukebox is free! How so? They feature local bands only. I think this is wonderful. Music all night (after the band finished their set) and no need to continuously plug a machine with stripper dollar bills. (What? I've never been to a stripper club!)Definitely coming back here!
5	Fantastic interesting place. Views of the skate rink with a fantastic beer selection and great live music.
4	I am a bit surprised at how many people refer to Ice House Tavern as a "dive".  It is not a "dive" in the true or hipster sense.  A "dive" does not have 6 flat panel television sets, a disc jukebox stocked with local music & a modern internet connected jukebox, a mean pulled pork sandwich or a great selection of booze.  It may be old (by Phoenix standards) but it's no "dive".Ice House Tavern is one of the best bars I've been to.  Period.  Unique to boot.  It's attached to an ice rink.  While I was there a range from mites to juniors were practicing on the ice.  I was even treated to watching a Phoenix Roadrunners Zamboni resurface the ice between sessions.  As the practices died down the bar began to fill with hockey people.  It was amazing.  I was able to watch a Red Wings game with sound at a bar in Phoenix.  According to a calendar of events posted by the door there is also dart tournaments, local comedy and bands.  I think they get punk shows.  I found out, after the fact, that a few friends have attended shows there.  The beer selection was most impressive.  Have your pick of cheap swill or tenderly crafted micro brews.  A delicious pulled pork sandwich is the only proper eats offered.  If pulled pork isn't your thing you'll have to settle for snacks: Corn Nuts, Slim Jim and various candies.  Great service too.Ice House Tavern is a must and I look forward to future visits and, perhaps, the opportunity to explore events that happen here.  I know I have found a home to watch hockey games.
4	I think this is my new dive to go get tanked at. Although I just discovered it it's been here forever and boy, have I been missing out! AWESOME divey atmosphere, cheap booze, two juke boxes (one is free and plays only local artists-GREAT idea and hats off for promoting local talent!), oh, and did I mention HOCKEY????Yup, you can seat yourself at the bar which is at ice-level so you can see the local hockey teams in action or at least watch a few poor schmucks eat shit on the ice if there's not a game on. As if that's not enough, they have live music on weekends and live comedy during the week. Bottom line: good entertainment!I was thoroughly impressed with their beer menu which gives you a good description of every beer they have. And if you're Canadian, they have Molson on tap. I was happy to knock back a few Session Lagers at $3 a pop.....you CANNOT beat that.The crowd is laid back (chances are you'll find yourself knocking back a few with one of the hockey teams) and the service is great. About an hour before closing the corners of our mouths were starting to droop and we wanted food. Our quick-thinking bartender came to the rescue with chips and salsa.I am so happy I found this place and will be back for cheap drinks and fun. In the mean time however, this review goes on my "Pissed At Myself For Not Trying Sooner" list!
4	I'm not a fan of hockey, but I am a fan of beer and Ice House Tavern has aplenty... if you can find them.Seriously, I don't think I would have ever found IHT if we weren't having a UYE there the other night. There weren't too many people (I'm guessing because it's hard to find?) but I like it that way since I'm not a big fan of large groups. It's not a very big place either, so it wouldn't take too many people to feel crowded.It's attached to an ice hockey arena, and we were there on a night when players were practicing. You can watch them from inside the bar which is cool. The occasional smack of a puck into the window assures everyone stays awake. Even though I've never been into the sport, it was definitely interesting to watch it live.The beer selection is the best I've seen so far in Phoenix. I would come back for that alone. Very fairly priced as well. It seems like a very cool, chill place to have a drink and watch some sports. We were here on a Thursday so I can't say if it gets hoppin' on the weekend. They have cork dart boards, an old skool Batman (Michael Keaton/Jack Nicholson) pin ball machine, a juke box, a bowling video game. In other words, there are other things to entertain you if the sport you're watching gets boring.The only bummer is that they don't have much in the way of food. They do have grills, and you can bring stuff to cook. That's kinda cool if you're into cooking, which I'm not.For the most part... I like it. I can see me losing lots of quarters playing Batman pinball in the near future.
5	FINALLY! An awesome down-low beer drinkin' watering hole that is cool as the ice rink itself. I needed a place to watch Bruins/Canadiens game 7 and this place is right near work convenient location. Not a bunch of rednecks or gang members, the clientele was upper 20's to 40's and 'normal'. It has an unusual two-level layout, the lower area where I was you overlook the ice rink and pucks come flying into the boards once in awhile to wake you up. It was fun - and I was surprised to see such a huge and sophisticated beer list. But of course its hockey, beer loving Canadians come here so maybe not so unusual. Not a food place so eat dinner first, but to cool your heals in central Phoenix its my new place.
4	Another okay place. They can make the place a little better by having some sort of dance-floor and watching on the spilled drinks in the venue. Doesn't live up to the hotel's name, better to call it Bar with no fresh air. Okay to go
5	We are not from the Phoenix area and were looking on yelp for someplace to watch the Stanley cup playoffs. This place is a little hard to find but well  worth the search. As we walked in we were greeted by the friendly bartender.  The place is not much to look at but it is a whole lot of fun! The beer selection is amazing. The bar is on the back side of the skating rink giving you a clear view into the rink. We sat and watched the playoff and during intermission we laughed at the people trying to ice skate. The food options are limited but the pecan smoked BBQ chicken sandwich was very good. We will definitely be back'
4	Where everyone knows your name.   Local bar was a great view of the ice rink.  And pages of beers to pick from.
5	Awesome hole-in-the-wall. Fun bartenders. Great beer selection for a total dive. Entrance looks shady but it's the right one!
5	Love this place so much. Always the friendliest people and an awesome bartender. My best drunken nights have occurred at this lovely little place. Ha
5	Great, tucked-away gem!! Drinking and ice skating was a blast!! Absolutely love it here...friendly service at the bar, too :-)
2	Update: As of November 2014, this place changed hands.  While everything I said before was true, not it isn't necessarily.   The previous owners were big supporters of local music, but the current ones are not into the music scene at all.  In fact, my friend's band had a show cancelled once the new owners took possession.   It was a divey bar in a scummy neighborhood back when I went to it, sure, but it had vibe, character and the fact they supported local music went a long way to forgive a LOT.  Now, its just a divey bar in a bad neighborhood. ********Previous review 10/24/14The best thing about this place is that they really go out of their way to support local bands.  I've been coming here since 2009.  Always great local music.  Even in their juke box.  The next best thing is the fact you can watch a human aquarium of sorts, an ice skating rink, and later, hokey.  The place just has a charm to it that is pretty unique, at least in PHX.The place is kinda small, which is actually good for up close and personal local live music.  the bands will generally stay for the other sets and most of the musicians are happy to talk to you.  Two great bands that come to mind are Quarter Inch Crown, and Vic TIms and the Kentucky Rifles.  Probably the only truly bad thing is that the area it is in is pretty sketchy.  Always try to park in the well-lit areas up front near the cameras.  I had my truck broken into 3 years ago and had my stereo ripped off.  This apparently happens so much in the area, the cops didn't even bother with finger prints.  The owners of the bar can only do so much, with limitations of parking, so its not their fault, but you do need to know what kind of area it is in.  So beware, and be aware.Overall, I do recommend Ice House Tavern.
5	Under new ownership!!!! The new people are great! They are going to really improve the place. Add food service and decrease the noise from bands. Also, talk of an entrance from the arena instead of going outside!!!
1	The new owners of Ice House Tavern are no longer hosting live bands. This is such a disappointment to the local music scene!
5	The service and unique location make this a great hockey dive bar. You can watch live hockey at the rink right in front of you and have the numerous tv's playing other hockey or any sport really. Funny locals that have been going there for years make it a place to call ur hockey dive bar home.
5	Sean is awesome! Made ice skating way better...holy crap ice skating is hard! But he made it fun welcoming and friendly! Thank god for Sean!
5	What a great way to ring in theNew year! Our gang of 15 celebrated and rang in noon on Jan. 1 with the host of the year, Sean. Thanks for making it fun and the great service in the hood. Be sure to try the 'Tammy Sue' shot
