3	Chile Relleno plate was pretty good here the beans were good the rice was meh. The chips and 2 diff salsa's were good tasted fresh. It didnt take long and Horchata was good! All in all I will stop here again and try some other dishes since its really close to my new pad!
4	I was surprised at how good the food was at this tiny place. I normally avoid the "hole-in-the-wall" type places, but I decided to give this one a try and SO happy I did. The food was well priced and not too greasy. The ingredients taste fresh and it has that family owned feeling.
4	Mi Pueblo is a small place tucked into a strip mall off of 7th St and Union Hills. It has been there for at least 6 years that I know of. I wanted something Mexican ish for lunch today and needed to try a new place. I was greeted by a nice girl and looked around a bit. They have 30 combo lunches/dinners pictured on the wall. I did not see any other type of menu. I asked about the Green Chili and she said it was good. They offer a chip bar with 2 types of salsa and the carrots in hot stuff. LOL The salsa was a fresh tasting red salsa and a roasted chili green type both were good and complimented the chips perfectly. The burrito was a generous size and was covered in green sauce and cheese with sour cream on the side. The in-nerds were flavorful and plentiful, the pork was tender and nice sized chunks. (I did have one fat hunk) The beans were good and the rice was OK. It tasted like a nutty taste some how. ?? right around $7 and I could not eat it all.
5	THE BEST MEXICAN FOOD IN TOWN! Mi Pueblo has been my favorite Mexican food for years! Forget the chains and the greasy taco places. Mi Pueblo is authentic and fresh tasting. They don't use lard yet their food still tastes so traditional.It is NOT fancy inside. You order at the counter and help yourself to their delicious hot chips and their zippy fresh salsa. The family that owns the place is so nice. They never mess up an order even complicated ones. The food is incredible. My husbands favorites include the fish tacos, twin chimis, and the green chili pork. I love the chili relleno, the enchiladas, and the bean tostada. Try them for breakfast too! Huge plates of egg dishes, potatoes, beans and tortillas. Perfect hangover remedy! And I think they serve menudo too!Everything is reasonably priced. You spend half as much as if you would going to Valle Luna or Macayos and the food is 10x better. We have ordered their party trays before for football parties and for our wedding rehearsal dinner. For under 40 bucks you can get a gigantic tray full of mini tacos, chimis, and quesadillas. They are supposed to feed 8-10 but they are big enough to feed more than that!Mmmmm...
5	Best hole in the wall Mexican food in the valley! And they have a cute little salsa bar too. Love it!
5	Authentic mouth watering food.Got the steak fajitas dinner....extremely satisfied.
3	Potato & Eggs plate was alright, searing hot tortillas in that foil, and the hotter salsa was tasty.  Seemed like a buck or two high for what it was, a little breakfast plate & soda running about $8.  Nice ambience and friendly staff.  Food alright.
5	Best little Mexican restaurant in the area. Carne Asada is tender and not fatty!! Eat here a couple times a week
5	Un assuming store, kinda dingy, and small. BUT!!! The food is amazing! As authentic as it gets. I had the taco with enchilda and a quesadilla. WOW!! I could have eaten somethign else too, and I wish I had. Definitly try this palce!!
4	Not too shabby... Of course the interior isn't much to be desired, but I have always learned that some of the best Mexican places are tiny little run down shacks. We hit this place up on a Groupon purchase and was pleasantly surprised by the delicious plates that arrived. The fresh chips and salsa were great, service was pleasant and quick, as our overall experience was above average. I had the tamale/enchilada plate and my husband had the two chicken tacos plate. Both were pretty good and the price was cheap (even if we weren't using our $1 for $10 Groupon).Thanks for the experience Mi Pueblo Mexican! We enjoyed!
4	Okay so it is a little hole in the wall and the greasy smell when I first walked in almost made me walk back out BUT I stayed and ordered and I must say that I'm glad that I did!I ordered the Tres Enchiladas plate which they changed up for me (normally you get one chicken, one beef and one cheese) to just three sour cream chicken.  I also ordered my husband the two chimi (one beef and one chicken) combo plate.  The dinners came with rice and beans and they included chips and salsa in the to go order without having to ask for it...nice touch!I get home and open my container still a little apprehensive after the smell of the restaurant.   The first thing I notice is the size of the enchiladas.  Wow!  These were the most chicken stuffed offerings I've had from any Phoenix restaurant!  Then I tasted them......oh, they know how to do an excellent enchilada!  They were so flavorful and the sauce was light and creamy.  Totally rocked it!The beans were also very good.  Full of flavor, nice and sticky firm and not soupy like some places.  Total win.  Only thing that was disappointing was the rice.  It was just there.  Not much taste, bland, boring.  yawn.Overall it was amazingly cheap and very, very good!  The fact that it's just down the street?  Bonus!
4	Talk about a hole in the wall place!!! Awesome food at a great price and the staff was friendly and pleasant. We did breakfast burro's Egg & bacon and my wife Steak fajita burro (all was very tasty)If you are looking for a quick place to get some good Mexican food this is the place!
4	Went there this morning and had the bacon burrito...YUM! Talk about filling...I have a big appetite and this place fills me up~Check it out if you are in the area it is so worth it!
4	Now that's a good tamale! It was only one of the three items in my combo - the others were a beef taco and a cheese enchilada. All were tasty, but the tamale (beef-machaca?) took the prize on that plate. Beans and rice were both decent and then I sprinkled on some of the magic dust that was in a shaker on the table. BAM! Awesome spice that seemed to be a mixture of red pepper flakes, chili powder and perhaps a touch of cayenne. Nice. Another sprinkle jar on the table was some nice, fresh Mexican Oregano. All of that was washed down with a full half liter of Mexican Coke. I'm not sure why so many places are now importing Mexi-coke, but I like it. This si the only place I know of that is using the 1/2 liter botles that are returnable. Once again, this place features Mexi-coke, but offers Pepsi on the fountain for Coca-cola haters. As much as I like Pepsi, I still gotta have the glass-bottled Cokes. I wish more places would also import the Mexi-Pepsi!Athena had the Chile Relleno, which she said was very good but perhaps could have used a bit more flavoring in the batter.The salsas were fresh, but as with almost every salsa these days, it has been gringo-ized and could definitely use more kick. The hot isn't that hot, and it's of the chipotle variety. Is it too hard to make some pico de gallo and toss in a bunch of serranos? Heck - just mince up some serranos and offer them on the salsa bar.One more note: if you are dining in, there are fresh, tasty tortilla chips available under the heat lamp at the salsa bar.
4	Excellent food. Good Steak Quesadilla and the churros are hella good at 2 for a dollar. I'd go back again.
4	First time here. Also one of my first reviews. This place was actually really good. Great salsa bar with hit chips. I had the #13 steak fajitas, $8.99. Girlfriend had the #12 sour cream chicken enchiladas. Horchata was pretty decent. We both really enjoyed our meals. Pros- tasty, cheap, quick, salsa bar. Cons- kinda dingy. Overall- give this place a try! Its worth it
5	Oh so good!  I get take out from these guys every week or so and have never been disappointed.  I'm a creature of habit and am addicted to their chicken burrito.  My husband loves their twin chimis.  It's a little hole in the wall restaurant with hardly any seating, but they consistently deliver great food which is not something every restaurant can claim.
2	We went to this place this evening to redeem a yelp "$10 for $5" deal. I'm not sure how they manage to keep a stellar rating. It was good food, but the price was high and the portions were tiny. The quesadilla we ordered was the worst offender, as it was made from a taco-sized tortilla. I have never seen such a tiny quesadilla in my life. If it was a kid's meal I may have understood, but it was $4.99! The chimichanga was pathetic, too. I think the guy working there must have given us a kid's chimi on accident, because i can't imagine anyone spending money at this place on a regular basis for a chimi so small. It was literally 2" wide by 6" long by 1" tall. That's for a $6.99 chimi. Macayo's charges a few bucks more for a chimi that's more than twice the size. I guess the only decent thing was the free chips and salsa, although the chips had enough salt on them to decrease my cardiac health by about 50%. I'm not sure why anybody salts anything anymore, with all the negative medical news on excessive salt consumption, but that's another problem altogether. As for this place: I tried it...probably won't be back. Caramba is a much better restaurant for a much better price.
4	I think I want to eat here every day this week. I came in on a slow Sunday night, and wanted to go back on Monday (but I finished my leftovers instead), then Tuesday, and I actually think I might go back tonight to try the Green Chili Chicken Enchilada. I got the Chicken Fajitas plate, and my husband got the tamale and taco combo.  Everything was fresh, not too greasy, and extremely delicious. This is my new quick and easy Mexican food restaurant. Yay!
3	Despite the promises of tasty Mexican food, this place seemed sooooo mediocre to me! The people are friendly, and the food is cheap, but I'd be willing to pay a bit more for one thing that really lacked in my experience - FLAVOR!I had the #8 - Taco, chili relleno, rice and beans. It all came out quickly since I had the entire place to myself. However, nothing had a lot of flavor. Every piece of my meal seemed fairly bland. Towards the end it picked up a bit, warranting a bump up to 3 stars, but I just can't go above that.
1	My friend and I went to see about the groupon I asked the cashier if I could buy 2, he asked to see my phone i handed it over thinking he was just reading the fine print and he hit buy and confirm. I later called to speak to a manager about this unauthorized charge and was told to call some other time the Metro Center location was not  anymore help. I'am astounded the clerk had the audacity to spend my money without my consent.
4	I went here for the first time because of a group 5 for 10 deal.  I have to say the staff was really friendly.  Prices reasonable.  The quesadilla I had was awesome.  I also ordered some nachos but ended up having sour cream and guacamole on them which I couldn't eat.  I definitely will be going back.  This takes the lead for my cheap taco spot in town.
5	Great food.
5	This is one of my familys favorite hole in the wall establishments in Phoenix. Almost as good as Valle Luna or the original Garcias on 35th and ossborn, but for a fraction of the price. Great tacos, rellenos, encheladas. The homemade salsa is excellent. They have coupons on yelp, groupon, and entertainment book, don't pass them up.
4	YUM!  Came here with the hubs.  I was able to get my authentic Mexican food fix and my horchata fix.  Scrum-diddily-uptious :)  Only thing- the hubs ordered me chicken enchiladas instead of cheese.  -1 point for the husband.
4	We live just down the street from this little strip mall restaurant.  Why oh why didn't I find it sooner!  I am a very picky eater and sort of a bland eater. They were willing to keep things out or add things to match my odd tastes.  Husband is an eclectic eater and will try anything so we make a good pair.  He was impressed with the enchiladas and the homemade salsa.  I ate a chimi and it was fried to perfection.  Very authentic tastes and great prices.  Houston, we are going to have a diet problem here.
5	Delicious south American cuisine
5	Such good Mexican food... the open faced chicken chimi is delicioso!
1	I walked into this hole in the wall in a shopping center hoping to find some authentic Mexican food. As I walked in, there was a woman washing tables. I placed my order with a man on the phone clearly having a personal conversation but he paused long enough to take my order. After I ordered, the woman who was washing tables strolled into the back where you can see them prepare the food. She wiped her hands on her dirty apron and reached for a tortilla with BARE unwashed hands I almost walked out right there but was so shocked I just watched in disbelief!! She proceded to slap some ingredients on it from containers rolled it up sprinkled some cheese; still no gloves. The best part; she put it in a styrofoam container and then PUT it in the microwave!! Mouth dropped to the floor after just paying $8.14. I walked out and threw in the trash, so disgusted!
4	This is a little North Phoenix strip mall restaurant with consistently tasty breakfast burritos and great service. I've never waited longer than 5 minutes to get my food after placing an order; super efficient when picking up food to go.Try some chips and delicious homemade salsa while you wait, they do not disappoint.
5	They used to have some awesome Tortas on the menu but they sometimes have the bread if you ask they can make them.  I really like the fish tacos omnomnom
4	I ordered a shrimp burro - they grilled the shrimp, filled it with lots of stuff, and smothered it with a delicious sour-cream type of sauce.The all-you-can-eat chips and salsa are good.  No problem with doing your own refilling, that way you don't waste.  We loved mixing their hot and mild salsa together, and just having a container of each.(we ate in, but I see that they do a pretty good "take-out" business as well)  They're close to a water store, so if you need to refill your 5-gallon bottles...
3	Service is very nice. Chimi was a little too deep fried. Burrito was ok. Every bite seemed uneven....Taste was average but still good. Price was good. I'd consider going here again for some easy Mexican food.
5	Best salsa in town and I've lived here for 37 years and been to the Salsa Challenge every year, but nobody beats Mi Pueblo. I like to mix the mild and hot 50/50. All their food is delicious and very consistent. Not as greasy as *bertos. So glad I live right down the street. Oh yeah, their party platters are awesome too.
4	This place is a hidden gem. I used to work near the other location (near Metro Center) and ate there all the time. I was delighted to find another location closer to where I'm working now. Great place for lunch or take-away after work. The chips and salsa are possibly the best anywhere. The salsa is clearly fresh-made and it ROCKS. I swear they don't make anything until you order it. My favorite is the fajita burrito with chicken. The veggies are fresh-grilled and always have just the right texture, and the chicken is perfectly prepared as well. I have NEVER seen them put a styrofoam container in the microwave (as one poster stated) and can't imagine why they would (or would need to). This is not a fancy place. The atmosphere is just adequate. Go to Chili's for that. If it's really good food you're after, you won't be disappointed!
5	My go to place for Mexican food. Chimichangas, enchiladas and menudo are my favorites . Big portions , decent price.
4	Me and my husband were in the area and decided to try this place out. I'm glad we did!! Food was delicious!! I love the chimichangas and the chips, salsa, and bean dip are great! We don't mind traveling from Tolleson to eat here.
5	Been going here for years, Great food, really good prices.
4	I stopped here occasionally when I'm in the mood for Mexican.   The food is good.   However the reason I go there is because The staff is always friendly.   It's like they're happy to see you.  Other than that it"s just an okay place with good food
3	The mr. and I stopped here for a quick bite on the way to the grocery store.  We dined in this time, which had its ups and downs.I opt for the 2 shredded beef taco plate and the Mr. tried the shrimp tacos.  We grabbed our drink, chips and salsa and sat.  The mild and hot sauces were very good causing me to up my star eating from last time.  I'm typically a "hot" chick- but even the mild had me going back for thirds.The dining area was slightly better than a fast food spot and one table near the soda fountain had two rags laying out.  The floor was not very clean near the fountain either.Our platters arrived which looked yummy- nice size servings of rice and beans.  My tacos were crisp and not stingy! The beef was a good consistency, typical lettuce and finely shredded cheese.  The only downside is when you see oil drip on your plate as you eat. His shrimp tacos were definitely healthier as the corn tortilla was not fried.  The shrimp were freshly cooked though quite small.  He also opted for whole (not refried) beans which were fresh & homemade.We will be back for the salsa and to try more menu options at this hidden gem.
4	A nice little place to grab a quick bit to eat. They have a average selection for the menu and the food is pretty tasty.
5	I walked in, and was greeted with a smile. Unfamiliar with the food, I asked for her recommendations. She had no problem giving me suggestions, and I ultimately went with the fajita burrito and a side of Guacamole. Super friendly staff, good food, and well priced. What more could you ask for? If I lived in the area, this place would be my "go to".
5	I think I can finally call off the hunt for the delish type of Mexican food I miss from home in Texas.  Simple menu, good prices and freshly made food that left us wanting more.  Our party of three ordered the beef chimi, the cheese enchiladas (no sauce) and the green chicken enchiladas.  At first we'd planned to order our dinner to go - that is until we laid our eyes on the salsa.  So many places just totally lack a good salsa, but this one looked bright and fresh.  It was delicious!  Vibrant and with a little kick, the mild salsa hit the spot.  And the self serve chips were perfect for our table.The food arrived just in time as we finished up our salsa and chips, and it couldn't have looked more inviting!  We tucked in right away.  There was no conversation - this food was too good for talking!  The place is cozy with only a few tables, but was still comfortable.  Plenty of folks came in and out for take out orders.  Each and every customer was greeted by a friendly guy, and the nifty credit card system even allowed for an emailed receipt instead of printing one out.  Great place that I will absolutely be trying again and again.
2	Had a burrito, but it wasn't very good.  The first half of it tasted like all beans.  The 2nd half was better, but still left a lot to be desired.  I was really hoping I'd like this place because it's so close, but I don't think I'll be back.When I went, the place was packed full, but I was still served quickly.  Friendly staff.
5	I've been coming here for years with my family. Tried almost everything on the menu. The chili rellenos are almost as good as my own! 1/ 3 good places in the valley with chilli rellenos that good. Beef stew tastes like my Tatas own broth, the quality of the food definitely doesn't go without notice and don't even get me started on the salsas.... PHENOMENAL!  It's a little hole in the wall,definitely... but it's my neighborhood hidden gem. My whole family loves this place! :)
5	Only place in the valley that serves fresh and authentic Mexican food. The food is delicious, and they've even got fresh salsa! They have a wonderful, friendly staff. I won't go anywhere else for Mexican food.
5	Got chicken chimi ... so good.. so much food. Have come here multiple times . Everything is always great.  Family owned and operated.  Great people.
5	Had green burrito with pork.  Excellent! Not fatty. Daughter had taquitos.  Loved them.
