5	Dr. Chris is way cool!  The staff is pleasant and efficient.  I have had very good dental care from this place.  If you are looking for quality services in the South Mountain area, give it a try.  Nobody loves going to the dentist, but this is a comfortable, relaxed office with good care at reasonable prices.
1	He make me a Crown that I don't Need it! Screwed my teeth! The Insurance says that Is not enough proof for do a Crown I said I will not paid for something that the Insurance said is was right! Finally now I found a very good dentist he is trying to fix it but I need to replace it because I was allergic to metal, things that Dr Payne never ask before. Now I have to paid extra 1300$ because a New crown and Insurance not cover crown if is less that 5 years, and maybe I need a Root Canal too so extra money too! Thanks Dr. Payne I want to send you the bill
2	My experience at Baseline Dental Care was a mixed bag.  In short, I found Dr. Payne lacking in bedside manner and some of the staff were helpful and some were snippy.  I had problems getting my prostetic fitted and both the dentist and some of the staff seemed impatient with me and I had some communication problems with them.  Some of the staff were quite nice though.I am used to better care and better communication from a dentist and their staff, so I may be spoiled but I can safely say, I have had better!***LONG VERSION OF STORY***I chose Baseline Dental Care because they are a part of Dental Works and my old dentist was a part of that group. Sadly the the root of my tooth was broken and infected which meant it had to be pulled.  The way this was handled upset me.  I was in the chair when Dr. Payne came in.  I had never met him before.  The first words he said were "I saw your xrays" and he sounded upset which was scary for me.  When I got the news, then I worked with the front office to do the cost information.  It was right before Christmas and I was in pain. Unfortunately, the tooth could not be pulled right away or I would have to go without my prostetic (henceforth called a flipper) and would have to go to work toothless.  Plus I had been searching for a new job and going toothless to interviews and Christmas festivities did not appeal.I was told that the antibiotics might help with the pain or they might not.  Dr Payne told me that the pain could be unpredicable and I might be in as much pain as I was right at that moment for the whole two weeks.Then I had made my choices and I was going to pay for the flipper ($700) and try to make it through the holiday as best I could.  I tried to ask the assistant whether I could pay by check or bankcard  but she didn't know.  She went away and I had to wait and wait for someone to come back. I needed to get back to work so I went up front, but the receptionist was busy.  So I went back and suddenly, overwhelmed by the expense and the pain, I started crying.  The front lady finally came back and she was very nice and soothing at that point.We talked about the plans and I was told that I would pick up the flipper before I got the tooth pulled and maybe the oral surgeon could fit it in.  If it didn't fit, I would come to the dental office right after the tooth pulling and get it fixed.(Luckily the antibiotic did help with the pain and I had a nice Christmas.)I set the tooth pulling for the afternoon Jan 3 the soonest I could, but then I had to re-schedule it one more week after due to work conflicts.  The flipper was supposed to be in that week, but Dr. Payne's office never called me about it. I called them and spoke to them Friday the 4th to make sure it was there, and at that time I let them know I was getting my tooth pulled on the afternoon of Jan 8. We arranged when I could pick up the flipper, on Monday.On Monday I came on my lunch hour and picked up the flipper and spoke *again* to a staff member and let them know I was getting my tooth pulled the following afternoon and would come in AFTER the tooth was pulled to fit the flipper if needed.  They said okay.Then Tuesday I got my tooth pulled.  However, the flipper didn't fit into my mouth so my friend was driving me to get it fitted.  I called them on the way to let them know.  I knew their office closed at 4 p.m. and it was 3 so I wanted to give them a heads up (be polite).The staff who answered the phone informed me the dentist wasn't there.  I was very upset and she was very snippy with me and told me I had to come in at 10:30 the next a.m. (which would cost me money as I wouldn't be able to work until after.)So upset, I called my old dentist office and begged them to fit the flipper and told them I would pay them money to do it.  They refused but they were pretty mad at Baseline too and called them.  They suggested I go into Baseline the next day to get it fitted and that Baseline would give me a partial refund for my trouble.I went the next day to Baseline and they did not offer me a refund.  The flipper DID NOT FIT, so they did make me a temporary temporary flipper and sent it back to get fitted, so I figured they were having extra expense so I didn't press the matter.  However, the remaining times I dealt with them the dentist ranged from overly familar (hitting me on the arm and calling me "woman") to very unpleasant (lecturing me on how the flipper was the "cheapest choice" so that's why I couldn't eat with it).  I found him difficult to work with and I do not think he and I are compatible as patient and dentist.One dentist assistant who was pleasant and gentle with me was Michelle.  I liked her a lot.I think the communication and the bedside manner of the staff and dentist could be much improved.  I am going to get an implant for my tooth and if I need a temporary cap or need the flipper to be modified during that process, I intend to go to another dentist.
2	I went to Baseline Dental for cleaning and the annual x-rays. The last time I went there was in summer of 2012. I have no issues with the Dr. Payne and the Hygienists, but I definitely have an issue with their communication on charges for something as simple as a filling. In summer of 2012 I was told that I needed 2 fillings and that I would only have to pay $48 out of pocket, while my Insurance will cover the rest of it. The amount they quoted seemed reasonable (I also double-checked with a Dentist friend of mine who runs her own practice in NY). I get the work done, and a month later the real drill begins!I started getting letters from their collections department saying I owed them another $218. This is after I had already paid them $48 that they told me I owed when I got the treatment done. I paid that amount the day of my treatment and thought I was done! Magically, a month later, they realized they needed to charge me more! I called my Insurance company and was told that the Dentist is charging more than the normal amounts, and that the Insurance will only cover what's reasonable! My issue is that a) Baseline Dental needs to charge competitive rates, charges that Insurance company won't refuse to pay, and b) If they get turned down by the Insurance company, stop harassing the patient who actually paid the amount they were asked to at the time of the treatment! Of course, I called numerous times in Fall of 2012 to get this charge off, wasted hours as I got transferred from one department to another. Baseline Dental wants to rip off their patients so bad (either thru the Insurance or directly harassing the patient), that last year they filed collection on my account for the $218. Luckily, my credit history is really good, and this hasn't impacted me much. However, I am severely disappointed at the greed a business can have, and how this greed and their practice of over-charging has turned a regular patient away! Note: I still live within a mile of this business, but refuse to go back there as a result of their unprofessional behavior. I will be going there one more time in person to sort things out, but after over a year and half of this battle, I wanted to share this with yelp and get the word out!
5	I've heard that you're not supposed to ask people for recommendations for a dentist, because everyone thinks they have the best dentist. Well, I KNOW I have the best dentist!After nearly 10 years of neglecting my dental health (nothing hurt, nothing looked bad...), I figured it was probably time to get a check up and cleaning with a dentist. Baseline Dental was one of the closest dentists to my house, so I decided to give it a try.  Well, it turned out that just brushing definitely wasn't enough, and I needed something like 11 fillings. I also still have all of my wisdom teeth, and Dr. Chris said that if they aren't bothering me, why pull them out? Cool with me. I was never ever made to feel ashamed/guilty for not flossing or seeing the dentist for so long, which I really appreciated.The front desk staff and Dr. Chris really worked with me to keep the price down for the dental work I needed, and helped me sign up for a dental discount plan called Careington that has probably saved my husband and me thousands of dollars over the last few years. In fact, when my husband most likely needed a pricey root canal+crown, Dr. Chris said he would try something else that cost much less, and it has held up for several years now. I completely trust Baseline Dental to recommend only the treatments that I need.I found Dr. Chris's bedside manner to be great and I have always felt at ease when I am there. I have never felt the slightest bit of pain when he does my fillings or gives me the big shot of numbing juice. If you think you're one of those people that is afraid of the dentist, I bet that Dr. Chris will change your mind.I love seeing Suzanne for my 6 month cleanings. She is great at making conversation and if she asks you a question, she stops what she's doing, so that you can actually answer her, lol. She's given me lots of tips for flossing and brushing and I actually take the time to do it right. I can't believe that I used to think that I was doing a good job at taking care of my teeth...For as long as I live in Arizona, I will be coming to Baseline Dental. :-D
5	I just moved to the area and needed a new dentist.  I picked Baseline Dental / Dr. Chris Payne because they took my insurance and they are close.Reading some of the reviews I read we're great and others were not but I decided to try Baseline and form my own opinion.I found the Baseline team (including Dr. Payne) to be very warm, friendly and professional.  I highly recommend them to everyone based on my very positive experience.
5	I've had dental nightmares with two overpriced dentists since moving to Phoenix 3 years ago -  Baseline Dental has been a pleasant surprise.  I found them a year ago when I had a veneer "temporary" fall out and I couldn't reach my regular dentist. I did a search online and called their office. It was 5 PM when I left a message and Dr. Payne called me back within an hour - and I wasn't even their patient!  I believe he was out of town at the time and couldn't help but I was so impressed by that.  Recently I went to them for a dental cleaning and some other work and they were excellent and the fees were reasonable.  I highly recommend them.
