5	Having just discovered that Tabby & Jacks opened a Middleton location I was excited to learn that they carry such high quality dog foods and toys and also offer DOGGY DAYCARE!  Having a terrier puppy, Chili, at home with us two working adults sometimes leaves us with a furry ball of puppy energy fury at home!  Chili has been the past two weeks for daycare (which is limited to 15 dogs per day) and comes home relaxed and tired!  While at daycare the dogs are always staffed with a human and even get leash walks over the noon hour (you can upgrade to a longer walk if you wish).  When you pick up your tired pooch you even receive a "report card" on your dogs day, what they did, how they acted with other dogs, and even what tricks they worked on learning while there (double score)!  I can't think of a better way to spend $23 in a day!
5	I have been taking my pup (Kingsley) to Tabby and Jack's doggie daycare for about three months now and he absolutely loves it! If I could afford to take him every day I would. It is exactly what a high energy puppy needs while his human family is at work.  Before finding a daycare for my furchild I did a substantial amount of online research and daycare visits and Tabby and Jack's came out on top. They limit the number of animals there so there is more interaction between animal and daycare attendant. They work with your dog on standard commands and etiquette and this is reported in their daily "report card." (The report card is one of my favorite things. You can read about what your dog did all day.) And you can tell that everyone that works there really loves animals and cares for your pet. Last week he got his first haircut at Tabby and Jack's and it also went well. I was able to talk to the stylist before she started and she gave me just what I asked for. They are even great at answering questions. I didn't think his dog food was right for him and they gave me a great new suggestion that didn't break the bank. It was actually cheaper than what I had been feeding him. Can't go wrong there!Overall a fabulous establishment that I am so glad I found. Everyone that works there is fantastic and I know Kingsley is going to come home happy and exhausted after a day at Tabby and Jack's.
5	So glad they are near where I live here in Middleton.. I love this store. Everyone is so nice and helpful with information. ALL the employees are super knowledgeable about pet food VERY helpful! My cats thank you !The animals I meet coming from daycare or getting groomed all seem super happy when I get my next dog I will pick this place for grooming
