5	Just wanted to send a shout out for the guys at this location....because I noticed it wasn't on the yelp page here....so now it is. Hey yelpers the guys at this place are totally awesome....and if you go there and give them your business you will be real glad you did. They are fairly new in this area....and they may get overlooked at times because the are in a shopping area right off cactus road near the Wal-mart.....but trust me they do good work....and the customer service is top notch. So if you are having car problems or just need an oil change....give these guys a shot. Eat, Drink, and Be Merry my Friends!!!!
5	We took our Jeep Commander into these folks, based on shopping around.  We looked at everyone and for tires, they were absolutely the lowest.  The location was amazingly clean and well layed out.   They had the biggest tire selection in the area.  They were running a special to include 4 free oil changes too!  If all this wasn't enough, we went in and requested the wrong tire size, they cautioned us and installed them as requested.  Then we realized they were rubbing and went back and they immediately without any questions changed them to what they should have been.The service we received was amazing, best I have ever gotten for auto repair.  Prices were reasonable and the location is very convenient.  They get busy, so get there early, but you can't go wrong here.Oh and I shot an email to corporate and Jerry Fletcher Jr. personally responded!  I have a new home for all my auto care.
1	Groupon Groupies Beware!!!!Good luck getting a simple oil change at this location.  I'm cheap so I want to use my Groupon for 3 oil changes.  First they ask that you call in first thing each day in the  morning which i did, several times, same answer "were booked" but if you drop your car we will get to it.  So I finally decided to drive there and drop my vehicle off, this time the guy said, oh, we are not taking any more today.  WTF?  So I asked how long does it normally take if they do take my car.  Answer: 1 to 3 hours.  Really?  for an Oil Change? BTW I drive a car not a Semi.Hopefully Groupon can refund my $$  from this jokers.
1	DO NOT TAKE YOUR CAR HERE!! They put 4 new tires on my car instead of 2 and it took 5 hours. Instead of crediting me or fixing it right then, because they did not have time, gave me coupons for a free oil change. I brought my car in for an oil change at 8:30 in the morning and at 10:30 it was still parked in their lot untouched. They lack professionalism and are extremely rude to customers.
5	Came in today and Jacob hooked us up on fixing a flat when we thought for sure needed a new tire. No charge!
5	Just wanted to let you all know that CORY is back.....wohooooo....I didn't mention him by name when I wrote my original review. He had left for awhile to go and manage another location and the service level went down just a notch.....I still continued to let the other guys do work on my trucks because they are very good at what they do. However with Cory back there is a just a whole new confident feeling that once you leave your car....truck.....SUV....motorcycle.....etc.....you know it will be properly taken care of. So if your in need of ANY repairs....Cory is the guy to see. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
5	A fan of Fletcher's Auto but love the educated mechanics on staff there! They really know their stuff. Occasionally they are short staffed, but they always get the job done right with the correct part.
5	Glad to be another good review. More business coming their way as they were friendly, offered solid service recommendations and didn't push the up sell. Was very easy to use my Groupon. Make sure you read the 'fine print' since Groupon and the location let you know of 4x4 and other up charges ahead of time. Great Groupon got me oil change tire balance/rotation and a complete single axle brake job for $69. Upcharges brought about $75 more out of pocket, but you'd pay more than that $144 just for the brakes alone. Long and short of it is, this place is the real deal.
5	My boyfriend has been a long-time customer of the cactus location, working with Larry and his crew. But he had an older Honda (out of warranty) and I have a two-year old Kia Forte 5-door, so I figured I'd have to keep going to the dealer (Mark Kia) for service or run the risk of voiding my warranty. Wrong!After driving too far, paying too much, for service I wasn't even sure I actually needed, I decided to give Larry's place a try. From the first phone call, he answered all my many questions and concerns. I came in on a Friday afternoon and left my car there for Saturday. They did an oil change and air filter change. Larry informed me that if they ever found anything big that was covered by the Kia warranty, they would tell me so I wouldn't have to pay for it. Perfect. Because of Mark Kia spraying a replacement cabin filter last May with some kind of nasty disinfectant that made everyone cough and gag, I had to throw it out and had nothing in there. Larry said I really needed one, he and his crew put a new one in, no sprays, and it is great! They checked the car from top to bottom and gave me a true idea of where everything is at, service-wise. Cory, who checked my car in and out, was courteous, smart, kind and very professional. Could not have been a better experience at the desk and with the work itself. And I didn't have to sit and smell stale popcorn and listen to receptionist's blather either (like at Mark Kia).Thank you  Larry, Cory, and crew!!! When the time comes for more service, I'll be back!
1	If their customer care in person is like how they DO NOT answer their phones at all, buyer beware You wont be able to reach a human.
5	I believe that finding a great mechanic with quality customer service these days is like finding a needle in a haystack. Driving to Phoenix from CA my check engine light came on somewhere out in no-mans land. So scary, yet I somehow managed to make it the rest of the way there and just days before Christmas, when I needed my car the most, I had to leave it to be fixed. Because it was a diesel, my options were limited. I chose Fletchers because I've done business with them for years and my father for years before me. Cory, the manager, is one of the most honest people I've come across in the business. He has high integrity and will do what is right for his customer. That is such a rare and valued quality and I'm sure his principles trickle down to the rest of his staff. I so very much appreciate the customer service at this Fletcher's location.I brought my car in early on a Saturday morning and was told they'd have to order the needed part and that I would get it back by end of day Tuesday, Christmas eve. I was so bummed not to have the car over the holidays. And much to my surprise, they not only fixed what was needed for a fair price, but finished it a day early. NOW that is something to write home about, under promise and over deliver. I left a very happy customer indeed.And a special note for all you friggin' cheapos out there giving bad ratings because you didn't get through on the phone on an off day or complaining about your damn Groupon coupons - wake up and get a life. We all work hard for a living. Even companies like Fletchers have to earn money to pay their bills and their workers! Buying a coupon doesn't entitle you to to have a business drop everything for your oil change. Put it in perspective people - put yourself in their shoes and think how you'd feel if you were the shop accepting all the coupons, doing great work for a fair price and having dirtbags like you complain about it!
2	Came in for $250 worth of work and an inspection. Came in the check engine light on and left with it still on. It was over looked they said sorry. And now I'm right back here looking at spending more money. I'd rather they didn't rush and get the work done right!
1	Zero stars. They will scam you for every dollar they can. Groupon is useless if they charge 3x as much as else where for a brake job! Beware amd do your research.
5	The team there really takes the time to fix things right the first time. This is not "quick" repair place, give them the time they need to repair it right the first time... So many impatient people reviews here
5	About as good an experience as car repair can be. Clean and comfortable waiting space (with free WiFi!) and straightforward, honest price on a window repair.
5	OK. This is my second visit to Fletcher's. Time for another oil change and 30K mile check up! Saved me a trip to Mark Kia. Made the appt. with Larry, the head guy, for 8 this morning. (Got in in two days.) I told him I would have to wait for the car, so they did mine first. Nice! Corey checked me in, in his usual professional manner. I hung out in their little waiting room area (they have free WiFi). Within 20 minutes, they had done the oil change, rotated the tires, and checked out the entire car. (I had bought the family pack of oil changes, so that came in handy.)  The mechanic who worked on my car, JR, actually came out to talk to me about what they'd found. NONE of the dealers ever do that. All was lovely, except it was time, at 30K miles, to flush out the dirty, spent power steering fluid. I know what happens if you ignore timely flushes...so I gave the go ahead. But the smell of rubber tires in the lobby is a bit much, so I opted to hang out over at Chick Fil A, which is right next door. (Very clean and quiet place, nice location, good iced tea.)Within another 30 minutes, my car was done and ready to go. So, about an hour total, and I once again had peace of mind that my car was up to par with its maintenance. I will undoubtedly be back again for all my service. They basically do all of the recommended maintenance that Kia (or any other manf.) do, so it's great. Getting to talk to knowledgeable people like Corey and JR sure beats dealing with the 22-year old "service" people at Mark Kia who, admittedly, have no mechanical experience. Fletcher's instills a certain sense of confidence for me that everything that truly needs to be done on the car IS done, and there is nothing done that should NOT be done. I know they will never rip me off. Honest, skilled, and polite. The best!
2	I went to see if they could do a brake check at 425pm on Monday and was told they didn't have time and that I would have to come back. Even if they did it and I needed them they couldn't do it now (which I could have understood). But to not even be able to check them when you don't close for another hour is ridiculous. You lost a customer who went somewhere else and spent $$.
5	A few days ago, my check engine light came on right after I got gas. It had never come on before and my car is only 3 years old (Kia Forte), so I was puzzled as the car was running fine. Called Larry at Fletchers and he said to come on over and that it might be the gas cap seal. When I got there, Cory came out to the parking lot and ran a simple diagnostic for error codes. He found nothing wrong and cleared the car, but said to keep an eye on it. The check engine light went out and was fine for about four days.Got in the car this morning after we went out for breakfast (Saturday) and my check engine light went on again, car running fine still. I called Larry and he said he was slammed, but to come in anyway. He was concerned since it happened twice in one week. Got there at about 9:30, knowing they're only open until noon on Saturdays...fingers crossed they could do something, or I'd have to come back on Monday.Well, Cory was his usual attentive self and they were indeed very busy. But within an hour, he ran a diagnostic and got a pretty vague error code. But, he said they suspected the battery. That sounded logical to me as the battery was three years old and I've NEVER had a battery last longer than that in the desert. Sure enough, that was it! Apparently, the Kia was having problems getting the right amount of juice to the computer, and that set off the check engine light. The first car I've ever had that gave me time to get a new battery before it just died. Nice.They somehow ordered the battery (AC Delco Pro) from another shop and had it there within 40 minutes. They checked out the entire car and all its systems to make sure all was well. So, we arrived with no appointment on a Saturday at 9:30 and were DONE in under two hours. (There is a very clean Chic Fil A right there where you can wait).Once again, the guys at Fletcher's on Cactus, Larry, Cory, and JR, came through for us. If I ever move out of AZ, I'm taking them with me!
5	On Christmas Eve, my son's car broke down in the Michaels parking lot adjacent to Fletcher's Tire and Auto Service!  My son was in a panic when he called, and asked me what to do.  Although I had never used Fletcher's before, I remembered they were in the lot, and told my son to walk over and ask for help.  To add to this, my son has Aspergers and has a difficult time talking to strangers.  J.R. went out to the car with my son and ran a quick diagnostic even though it was close to closing time.  The car could not be started, so Larry and Cory told my son to leave it in the lot, and if he came back on Friday after Christmas, they would not only find out what was wrong, but they would extend a 50% discount on the diagnostic. On Friday, we returned, and not only was the repair quick (a starter relay was needed), but the price was awesome!  Larry, Cory and J.R. made what could have been a horrible holiday memory into a great automotive service experience.  They were fair, honest, and very friendly...and made my son feel very at ease.  I give them a big A+ and will be bringing my other cars to them when I need repairs.  Thanks, guys!!
