4	Everyone here is friendly and energetic. The whole area is clean and new. For only $10 a month, you can work out and take a class. Cheap!
5	All types are welcomed at Planet Fitness.  The Staff is amazingly friendly and helpful. The people that go to the gym come from all backgrounds, shapes, sizes. Each person with each goal in mind if it be weight loss or Muscle mass the gym will fit your needs.  You see a eighty year old women on a treadmill, then see a thirty year old male lifting weights. With people going for their own goals no real judgment is place by the staff or regulars that go there. Clean bathrooms and gym equipment that alone should be worth a five stars. For $10.00 a month and no contract it can get no better.
1	The gym its self is wonderful,but I really had a hard time enjoying it  customer service was horrible not very friendly staff. Made me feel unwanted.***I'D STRONGLY RECOMMEND GOING TO THERE HENDERSON LOCATION
5	Want to work out without it costing the equivalent of a car payment? How about no pressure from salespeople trying to meet their quotas? Don't want to pay for stuff you don't need (daycare, pools etc), just want access to the machines you like? This is the gym for you.
2	I just cancelled my membership because they refused to change a channel on one of their 20 TVS to NBC for one hour. I really enjoyed working out on my lunch, but its back to getting up early and working out at home. Plus, they need better air circulation in that place. In the later hours, it gets really stinky!
4	Good, basic gym. None of the aerobics classes like you would get at a normal gym, no zumba, none of that fun stuff, just lots of machines, a 30 minute express circuit, massage chairs, tanning booths, and water massage bed. It's really a very good deal. The locker rooms have showers and changing areas as well.I can't find anything to complain about. The place is clean and cheap, and everything I needed in a gym.
5	"No Critics," You're damn right! Cheap membership starting at $10/month (no contract) or for $20 you can use massage chairs and upright tanning chambers. Ooooooh.No yoga classes, or kick boxerexerjazzersizing-whateverthehell stuff going on. Just a few helpful trainers, very flexible hours, very nice staff, and rows of weight lifting machines, ellipticals, treadmills, bikes, and free weights.This place really trims the fat... get it?
5	This gym is great. 1. There is wifi. Cardio is mind numbing! Unless you have some Netflix  happening; that changes everything!2. It's cheap! Especially if you are going to the same gym- not hopping all over town. And even then, still competitively priced. 3. It's not crowded and there are a lot of machines. 4. The locker rooms are clean, modern- actually beautiful. 5. They have all of this positive stuff, on the walls- everywhere. Judgement free zone. I thought it was marketing, but this really seems to be the philosophy going on there and it is very motivating.6. THE STAFF. How nice are these guys? Really nice. Friendly. Maybe it's different for other locations, but at MY gym I'm so impressed at how friendly  and helpful the staff is. If you are into Zumba, or you need a towel, or whatever..., maybe go to a bigger gym, but if you are used to going to the gym, you know what you like and use, and don't want to wait forever to use the equipment, then you should  check them out.
4	I'm not going to knock the business of what PF does. They are great, I won't lie about that. The staff there are very friendly, and very professional. I just wanna point out some things though;1. Very reasonable price. $10 a month membership? Can't go wrong with that. $20 dollars a month will get you the Black card (which is what I have.) I do go to LA every now and then (PF in Inglewood CA, which i will also review soon) and do not want to skip gym time, that's why I have it. 2. Well, if you are trying to gain muscle and up your strength like me, then you will notice by now that PF is and is not really the place to go. If you can't afford a gym such as 24 hr fitness and cross-fit gyms, then PF or Gold's gym would be the best recommendation... But they really can use more free weights...  I think PF kinda caters more to those that focus on cardio which is fine if you are trying to lose some weight. 3. There are no classes such as (yoga, zumba, weight training, etc) however, there is a man that is a fitness trainer. But don't get too hyped about it... Really he is there to teach you how to properly use the equipment. There are tanning booths too for all you lovely tanners. Lol I don't use them since I'm naturally a tan color. But there is this AMAZING hydro massage bed that I love using so much after a hard workout! You use it for about 7 mins. And can control the pressure and how far up and down the back of your body you want it to go.5. Bathrooms stay clean, which is good. Lockers? Could be better... I have to admit... Inglewood CA Planet fitness has better lockers and so should this one here...  Being able to see what the person owns in the locker is no good, (unless everything you own is black.) A few are broken... So you have to be careful which locker you choose. Showers are okay, I never use them really since I'm a bit shy. Lol6. I kinda disagree with one thing though, not trying to be screwed up or anything.... But I seriously believe that PF should really get rid of the pizza, and cupcake giveaways.... There's no point in giving something like that to anyone trying to become fit or trying to lose weight... Its temptation to some, easy to avoid by most people. And the toostie rolls? Come on..... That's candy. Even though it doesn't hurt to eat one, still... The point is to encourage people to come here and reach whatever goal they want to reach. But then again, I don't know if it could also be a good thing for others to learn self control. LolOther than all of that! Great place, cool and clean environment, nice people you meet that are very caring and considerate, and friendly staff. I will miss this place cause in a couple months I will be leaving PF for Gold's Gym. Gotta upgrade. Nothing personal! Lol
2	There's an African-American female that works here STAY AWAY FROM HER (if she isn't fired yet). She has NO idea what she's doing as far as doing her job. She spends mostly all of her time on her cellphone & gives you the wrong information about EVERYTHING! The staff is completely unprofessional I had a late night workout & there was a female & a male behind the counter all they were doing was flirting with each other while I'm trying to get their attention to check in! ANNOYING!
5	I've heard it time after time "You don't need to go to the gym", "You're already thin". It gets pretty tiring. I am what you call skinny fat. Just because a person is thin, it doesn't mean that they're healthy.What I love about this gym is the 'Judgement Free Zone". Makes me feel very comfortable. The staff is always very nice, they greet you as soon as you walk in and say their farewells as you're leaving as well.I tend to go early in the morning or late at night. The less people there are, the better. The only thing that grinds my gears are the people who use the machines and don't bother to wipe them down afterwards. That is the only negative thing I have to say. There are always plenty of machines to work out on. If you're looking for a juice head gym, then this isn't the place for you. There aren't very many weights, they're limited on that. At $10 a month with no contract it's a steal but don't forget about the yearly membership fee as well. There are no extra classes that you could take here or child care, so don't complain about that when signing up. Go to a bigger gym if you want all the extra perks. I have a yoga membership separate from my gym membership. The whole yoga at the gym thing doesn't seem right to me so this place is perfect for me.If you want a simple workout then this is the place for you!
4	Great gym for novice athletes. Their membership prices are affordable, and theres no commitment contracts as well. Its never overcrowded, so machine use is open and available. Great place to work out!
5	Most pleasant gym experience I've had. Basic membership is only $10 per month with no contract! I opted for the $20 Black Card membership that does have a year contract, but you get tanning, the massage chairs, hydro massage, and I bring a guest for free. I find it best to go before 8am to avoid the crowed.
4	This place is great. Can't beat 10 bucks a month. I i only go around once or twice a week. Never any waits to use any machines and people are constantly cleaning after each use(most do). No meat heads or cocktail waitresses here. More like Vets, the guy that walked here from around the block or the people that would normally too embarrassed to go to the gym. It makes it very easy to work out in a non intimidating environment. They have lockers, changing area, massage and tanning as well. U have to pay extra for the tanning and massage.
5	Very friendly, you get what you pay for. Great cardio equipment. Good weight machines. Friendly staff. Not too busy
3	If you're looking for a place that has customer service, look elsewhere. If you're looking for convenience like I was, then this is the place. It's on the way home from my work and it's not too busy. Lots of machines so you never get stuck waiting for a certain one. It's very clean. When I say down with JC to go over the PF black card contract I had to ask her to slow down numerous times so she could actually explain some items on the contract and what they offer. I had no idea what an aqua massage is and had to ask her to explain it to me. She have me my card and welcomed me to the gym. She then told me I was set to go. I had to ask to get a tour of the gym. Why should I ask you to show me around? I've never been here before. I don't know where the locker room is. Where are the tanning beds? Don't let me forget.... Trying to get staff attention at the front desk.. Damn near impossible. I have read where others have complained about the same thing, but I didn't think it would be that hard. I walked up to the counter and apparently walked into a conversation. I was then ignored until they finished their conversation. I worked out today and loved the atmosphere, the energy, and the overall feeling of the gym. I was comfortable knowing that I was not being judged from other gym members.
5	I love this particular gym, not only is it right across the street from my school but the staff is super friendly and helpful, non judgemental and always positive. Its one of the main reasons I come to this location! From always getting greeted with a smile to the pointers they provide for maximum workout. Especially from GABE! He is always in a good mood and seems to always be there haha. That's what I call loving a job! The girls are really nice too! JC makes an effort to recognize her guests and provides a comfortable workout environment!! If those two weren't here I would not come everyday and encourage others to sign up!! Good job team !! Thank you all! The only thing is I would like beauty angel here!!!!
1	6 months later cancel my membership already!! Sent your terrible letter to cancel and you ignored it and now I'm getting charged a $30 yearly renewal fee?! Not worth the cheap prices, don't do it!
