4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Only 2 small bars (but I guess they wouldn't be able to fit much more).LIKE  Venue's smaller size makes for an intimate experience. The different stage acts.LOVE  Gogo dancers and costumed characters all over the place really give it a madhouse feel. Beautiful people everywhere. Great energy.
5	NEVER A DULL MOMENT! Door guys were funny and courteous. Greeted by Elmo and Tigger. Then welcomed in by a Bearded Lady. PeeWee showed us were to get Tequila. Then we dropped it like it was hot with Snoop. Went blow to blow with Sly Stallone. Spoke French to Johnny Depp. Ate the Cookie Monster's Face. Saw a killer magic show. Ate chocolate from an Oompa Loompa. Versace Versace'd with Barney. And Motorboated the lady with the largest boosoms this side of the Mississippi! Amazing Time! Don't miss it!
2	I think this place will be an epic fail. I am used to not having a place to sit when paying general admission but this place doesn't even have a place to stand. There is no dance floor. There is no where around the bar to hang out. The only place to stand was next to the tables. I would have been pretty upset if i paid for a table and then the GA people were leaning all over my table but there really was no where else to go. Paid a very high price to get in and then spent the night being shuffled from spot to spot so the people could get to their tables. The midgets and plushies were interesting for 5 minutes but then there was nothing else to see. We were there for 2.5 hours and the only "acts" we saw were midgets lip synching to a few songs. When we made our way to the bar to get drinks at $17 (typical) We asked for a water. The bottle was so small and it cost $9. I said "really? $9 for this?" He said "This isn't Wisconsin sweetheart." I am a Vegas local. I know I am going to pay a premium for everything. but to stick it to you at a 1000% markup and then treat you like you should be thanking them for the privilege was too much.
2	Crazy show i was not sure what's to expect walking in threw the door all I seen was mascot suits and cocktail servers giving away free Jell-O shots upon entry that was nice going forward into the club was crazy there were mascots everywhere celebrity look a likes and midget Kanye west it was funny different  type of party but can only be a good time if you have a table no point in standing around there's no room for that it's a small venue and they only have two small bars. Fun industry party Wensday.
5	The one in Hollywood is a favorite of mine. Yes I prefer hollywood but that is because it's in my backyard. However this is a huge vegas must!The dancers are amazing, the live show alone is worth coming for. Not to mention the midget flying out of an elephant butt! The midgets bring you bottles and do celebrity impersonation routines!They have a free photobooth, fuzzy creatures running aorund dancing with you. The gogo dancers are seriously a high light, be sure to watch for beachers babes!!! Of all the clubs, this offers the more beautiful and elite people if you are looking to meet people worth meeting they are right here at beachers, but this is vegas so for the right price trash can get into anywhere....however here there is less than other places.Amazing staff, crowd, and performers.....honestly no reason to club hop all night when you have a place like this :)
1	The worst club I have ever been to. I don't get the allure unless seeing "freaks" is what you're in to. Even for Vegas standards, the door men were incredibly rude- even though we were paying for bottle service. Good luck getting in if you are a dude not flashing hundos... Spend your money at other clubs/ lounges that will give you top notch service and the people watching is not seriously disturbing.
4	I actually really liked this place.  Some people think it's weird but I liked the casual vibe.  It's small, so it's more intimate feeling but it's not super crowded and crammed.  The furries, little people, Oompa Loompas, marching band, photo booth...just things to be different from the usual Vegas clubs.  Lots of seating but not really a dance floor.  I think this club is geared towards bottle service which isn't very expensive.  Minimum was $500 for at table.  That's cheap!    Loved the hip hop music.  Dancers and bottle service girls are really hot here too.
5	This place was a blast! I'm not really a club person but the atmosphere was amazing! There are people dressed as big bird, cookie monster, and barney dancing around. Then you have the stage performances going on from 11:30-3:00am. The vibe was really laid back and friendly.  Ohhh and you can't forget the flying umpa-lumpas giving bottle service! Not to be missed. Note: drinks were ridiculously expensive, especially when you can get them for free in the casino.
4	This place was crazy. I've never been to a weirder spot and I've lived in LA for most of my life.Midgets were constantly delivering bottle service, some kind of side-show act was on-stage every 30 minutes, and I kept running into celebrity look-a-likes thinking that they were the real person.The drinks were kind of pricey. I bought tickets from the Tix4Tonight vendors that are placed around the strip for $51 (they're normally $75-90 according to the website). Had a lot of fun. The place was super packed, lots of women dancing on the tables.
3	This is a small cabaret-type theater set up like a douchey nightclub, staffed by giant furries, little people and cheesy celebrity look-a-likes. Dude...you can see all that shit FOR FREE just walking the Strip in front of Planet Hollywood!!Maybe I was there on an off-night, as the stage shows were kinda boring. The lady with the giant tits wasn't there, nor was Leonid the Magnificent....all we saw was midget wrestling and a few cheesy vaudeville acts. The vibe felt slightly manic and forced, like they were trying a little too hard to be kooky. There's nothing spontaneous or organic about the energy -- it's all hired guns, wearing an Elmo suit and punching a timecard. It would be SO MUCH COOLER if every night before opening, Beacher went down to the Strip and hired 20 random freaks from the sidewalk, Home-Depot-style, and paid them to come in and party. (Someone please start a club like this!)  That would at least add an element of uncertainty....ya know?!?!That being said, I'd still way rather party here than at some doucher megaclub. If you *MUST* have a nightclub experience in Vegas, it might as well be here.
1	Asshole bouncers. Matt cox, the manager, is  the leader of all assholes
4	Ok so I wanted to update this review, I held a bachelorette group for my best friend couple months back. Lili helped us out and she was amazing setting everything up for us touching base and answering my annoying hehe.This place is like never before and totally different from Las Vegas club scenes. Worth having a celebration or even a night out! The only less star I wanted to add was how the so called owner was yelling at his employees in front of the venue in-front of all people, I felt really bad I even asked of of the guys out front wtf was that! He just shook his head and greeted us! that shows how this place is. But besides the fact this place is fun!!! :-)
3	Within my first hour at Beacher's, I saw:- A woman with the biggest boobs I'd ever seen crush beer cans, a watermelon and 3 wooden boards with her massive chest.  - Midgets attached to a harness flying over the club delivering bottles to tables - A girl puking into her friend's hand as they were sprinting out of the club (true friendship)- To my shock and surprise, my wife being excited to see Pauly D (is it 2010 up in here?)-Lots and lots of confettiIt's a club without a dance floor.  If you're not getting bottle service, you're kind of screwed since there isn't really anywhere to hang otherwise.  It basically turned into a sea of humanity around 1am.  The music was mainly 90's hip hop/R&B with some splashes of EDM.So the DJ rocks out for about 15 minutes and then there's a "show" which ranges from midget wrestling to magic to a Pee Wee Herman impersonator and then it goes back to the DJ.  Most of the "shows" weren't that great.  I felt like most of them actually killed the momentum of the party.  Everyone is up on their feet jamming out to a fun tune, then they stop the music and everyone has to sit down to watch the show.  I think people might have loved this stuff 10-12 years ago when Jeff Beacher first gained notoriety for his traveling band of freaks but not when Rose Rabbit Lie has stepped up this kind of game to a whole new level.  The midget bottle delivery was still damn funny though.
5	Best club in Vegas. I thought I was tripping and I am drug free. Winnie the pooh, magician, dwarfs, kid dj...crazy HIP HOP music all night my fave! Champagne was fab and I don't like champagyne...best night in a while. wooo hoooo...do it I promise a good time.
1	I received a "free ticket voucher" from one of the bartenders at the MGM and who doesn't like free? I went over with some friends who also had "free" tickets, stood in line for 20 minutes but was still a good sport because I figured it was free. Got to the front and then was told it was going to be $70 dollars! At that point I got annoyed because I wasted my time so I decided to talk to the manager because I was essentially tricked into going there. He was so rude to me and told me that the ticket was only good until 11 pm. I asked him to show me where it said that. Guess what, he couldn't because it wasn't on there! The supposed free ticket is just a scam to get people there. Vegas is full of great places, don't waste your time on this one.
1	The door guys thought my ID was fake and wouldn't let me in even with my ss card so I offered to go back to my house 10min away and grab my birth certificate for proof since I'm 32 but they said no and told me I needed a credit card or a second form of government ID, I'm still confused to this day how a birth certificate and social security card are not valid for a second form of identification but a credit card is lmao but either way after a bad experience with the door guys and management I would never recommended this place to anyone or visit this place again, poor hospitality!
4	It was a ton of fun. The drinks are expensive. I bought my ticket not knowing they hand out free tickets before the show. Not worth paying to get in.
3	Overall, the experience here was good. In the end anyway... initally it began with us picking up our tickets at will call and a man name John Watkins saying he would upgrade us for my birthday. He gave us his card and told us to come see him the next night. Awesome! So the next night we got ready. All decided on heels since we would have a table, and went to meet him. As promised, he was standing at the door... but when we walked up to him, the first words out of his mouth once he remembered us was "oh shit." He put us in the guest line which is normally a good thing, but Beacher's lets ticketed people in first... which, we had tickets, so... we waited a while. They offered bottle service to the guys behind us. Okay cool... then we get in and get our normal stamp... what about the table? One of the girls in our group went to ask him and all he said was "I overpromised and under-delivered." Well now im on Yelp warning others that he lies to get you to come to the clubs.It was my birthday, so I was pretty upset, who lies to a girl on her birthday? But the bartenders and performers inside were very sweet and made up for the crappy people they have working outside. Fonzie, the bartender in the back, is gracious and pleasant. Again, by the end of the night we had fun, but that was too much drama for a club that isn't quite XS level and costs girls $88 to get in.
1	Ok- I am always first up for a good time but was soooo disappointed and frankly felt ripped off by my experience at Beachers!I tried this so-called night club - mind you- there is no dance floor- just sofas or the aisles in between the sofas- try to keep your hands and feet in while dancing - you will run in to everyone else who's holding drinks- (there goes my outfit!!)Since I wanted to save my dress and didn't want to have a "Tom Cruise" sofa moment, I danced in miniature moves while trying to enjoy my 16 dollar glass of wine ! ( Prices for booze only go up from there!) Be prepared to drop 100 bucks on up for very few drinks-The acts were few and far between and not the freaky fun scenes portrayed on their posters - Rather yawn-inducing !!I can get a better freak show walking the strip on any given night and saved myself 200 bucks !!Pass on this place!! Not worthy of the hype!!
1	If a negative review was possible I'd post one. This is a shame of epic proportion. Firstly, cost... Register gal tells me it's $20/30 for local gals/guys but visitors pay $75 and up. I recommend people say they're locals. Then it's loud, smoky, and drinks are much overpriced. Drop $595 on a bottle of grey goose... Seriously!?!?Doorman says show gets started around 11:15 so we show at 10:30 to get a good spot to watch stage. No show till after midnight!  And really didn't start till around 12:30. Then it's short, unimpressive, and uninspired vignettes. Boring. From a guys point of view, the serving gals were hot, but If I'm dropping this much dough, someone better be getting naked. I've paid less at high class strip clubs!Overall, I feel ripped off, lied to and deceived about this production. Sad at MGM. Sorry they got behind this hot mess.
1	Overpriced, horrible customer service, and show? You can't call it that. Lets say the production value is seriously lacking. Everything about this place was screaming desperation and lackluster. Save your money and go to a real nightclub. It is disappointing to see MGM Grand behind this project. And I do agree with the previous reviewer comment on the owner. No shred professionalism found in that entire place when it comes to the guest's needs.
5	Incredible.  The second we walk in we are seeing midgets dancing and Barney dancing.  There is confetti all over the place.  It was non stop entertainment.  I was supposed to be home at 12:30, but looked at the clock at the time flew to already 2:30 am.  Incredible club.
5	Great spot.Awesome show, great VIP service. Would do this every time I am in Vegas.Much different than anything I have seen before! Wow!Good good GOOD!
4	I don't know what in the world I was watching. But I liked it.
2	It is a horrible bar... $700 minimum for a mini  bar-table and only including 1 bottle of yacht club vodka. They have weird puppet shows every 30 mins or 40 I forget.. Don't go there.
5	This place was fun & busy!! Had a great seat in the house with table/bottle service. There was so much going on I didn't catch it all.  Definitely will be going back to check it out again!
4	I'm surprised to see so many lukewarm reviews of Beacher's Madhouse! My friends and I had an amazing time. We first tried to get in to Hakkasan, but due to miscommunication with a promoter we ended up choosing to not wait in line (I think Calvin Harris might've been playing so it was a 3 hour wait, $60 cover, no thanks). As we walked by Beacher's Madhouse a promoter offered us free entry and a free drink, so we decided to check it out. The bar itself wasn't the nicest - I can see how other reviewers felt disappointed by the bottle service areas. However, they played AMAZING music - top 40/hip hop/way back playbacks and it was such a fun atmosphere. Everything from Kendrick Lamar to Drake to Beyonce, etc. which was a nice change from the typical Vegas club music. People were dancing on tables, watching midgets perform - they were dressed like Bon Jovi, Beyonce, Lady Gaga, and I couldn't take my eyes off of them. Occasionally they would fly overhead on a wire to deliver bottles. Plus there were characters like Elmo and Big Bird dancing around, so the whole place was just a random, fun, bar/club experience. If you're looking for a laid back, fun time, definitely check out Beacher's Madhouse!
5	This place is a riot!  A must see and experience in Las Vegas!  Jeff Beacher was super friendly and really made his customers feel welcomed.  The acts have you laughing and having a good time the entire night!  I don't want to say anything about the acts, as it will spoil it for everyone... but definitely check out Beacher's madhouse!
5	I'm not sure why there are so many upset people about this place. Maybe people just don't have an open mind to different and obscure things. Came to Las Vegas for my Bachelorette party. We were originally going to Hakkasan (F that place FYI!) but we had been stopped by a promoter earlier in the night who gave us gals those bracelets to get in. She didn't really have much to say other than it was just a bar and some dancing.After waiting 2 useless hours for Hakkasan we went to Centrifudge to rethink and asked the waitress what she thought. She said it was alright and again we were told it was like a bar with some dancing.So we go and get in line. It's what used to be Crazy Horse. Suddenly the door opens...A 4ft little person comes out in a bumblebee costume and a pink afro wig comes out.My friends are all like: O__O....YAY!We go in and it is like a twisted version of the Moulin Rouge! Dancing everywhere! It used to be a theater so of course the place isn't normally set up like a club but that's what makes it cool. You can dance just about anywhere. In front of the stage, on the tables, etc. There are stripper poles you can dance on. There are other little people dressed up as a bride, Little Wayne, Little Kanye, Little Psy, there was Big Beyonce, and so much. Elmo, Big Bird, Cookie Monster, and Barney were there! I got to grind up against Elmo and oooo can that red guy dance! HahahaWe bought a couple of drinks and yeah they were pricey but it's Las Vegas people! Also pre-game yo! And look for the promoters! Totally going again! And if you have a twisted mind and open to crazy things I REALLY urge you to go to this place!
1	We tried to go to hakkasan but their minimums went up by 2k more as soon as we tried to check in for our table. But the guy referred us to Nate at beacher's which was steps away. We didn't know much about it until nate told us to wait outside of hakkasan as soon as we texted him. He personally met us there and walked us to beacher's. Showed us the venue and we ended up getting a table, no pressure at all but we really wanted to check out Tiesto. But he guaranteed us that he was going to walk us to hakkasan as soon as we would be done with our table. We had a blast, Nate brought over mini Kanye and mini Miley to our table. Nate texted us at 2am and asked if we were ready to go to hakkasan. Walked straight in with no problem but we ended up getting a table there as well as soon as we walked in. On the side note, when we got to beacher's madhouse the big guy was yelling at everyone infront and when we asked Nate who he was Nate said he was beacher himself. We were frightened for a bit but Nate told us not to worry about it and just have fun inside. Would've definitely given this place a 5 star but after witnessing the yelling and all the nonsense upfront made me give this place a 3. Aside from all of that, Nate was great he came thru with his word about seeing Tiesto.
5	Best club EVER.  First off, let me begin by saying Fuck Hakkasan Nightclub.  We waited  in that fucking line from 9-11, and we were even on the VIP list and in the front of the line.This place was awesome, in a crazy, different madhouse kind of way.  My gals and I immediately knew we wanted in when a little man in a bumble bee costume and pink afro walks out.  Honestly, I had one of the best times ever at that club.  It wasn't too insanely crowded, and you could pretty much dance anywhere.  I even got my jiggy on with bigbird and elmo.  It was a crazy, awesome night. Best part about it, we got wrist bands, free drinks, and only waited in line for fifteen minutes if that.
5	I had such an amazing time on 4/19/14. I stayed at the mgm grand and was given a wristband for free entrance and free drinks all night on a Saturday. I got there early around 10:30 so there wasn't a line. My boyfriend had to pay a $20 cover but it was well worth it because I was able to get free unlimited drinks all night long. The bouncers, bartender, and other staff were very polite. The bartender worked lightening fast and I always got my drinks in under 2mins despite the huge crowd. The music was amazing, the characters and show was a lot of fun. It was a bit crowed but I was able to find a good standing spot by the bar. I danced and drank the night away. I would definitely recommend this spot and can't wait to visit again! I would recommend people to arrive early because it is a small space and gets crowded quickly.
1	Terrible experience. What was the point of making a reservation if we still had to stand in a cattle call cluster fuck and tip some host to get seated? Insanely overpriced for the quality of the show. Save your money.
1	Do you want people to not sit at your bottle-service tables?  THEN PUT A FUCKING SIGN ON IT THAT SAYS "RESERVED" OR ROPE IT OFF.(This is what proper venues do to inform the general public.)Do not send your dipshit manager and bouncers over to kick people out of unmarked tables after they have been sitting there for close to half an hour.Do not have dipshit manager and bouncers tell your removed patrons that tables are "always" reserved and that it's "common knowledge" that they are.  Also, $37 for two fucking well drinks is fucking ridiculous.  *We were only here as part of a Groupon pub crawl.  In real life, I would never patronize such a douchebag-infested place.  This experience provided yet more confirmation of my beliefs.  Pics of Oompa-Loompas at Miley Cyrus' bash in LA is not very impressive.  As in, not fucking even.  Have fun there, ya tools.
4	Had a wild great time!  Everyone that works there is friendly and gave great service!  Very different from your typical club.  It's refreshing to have a change of scenery.  Expect the unexpected.
1	BEWARE!! Be careful in your planning for Beachers Madhouse! This is my rant against Beachers!! I was soooo very excited about our weekend in Vegas and Beachers was our big event for Saturday night. I even called a month prior to the visit to make a reservation. I spoke to Riley, who took my "reservation" for a cocktail table for two.I was told that the tickets could be purchased at the door and no need to order online.  I offered to hold the table with a credit card, but he assured me that it was not necessary as he was placing my name on the list. Riley said he "would take care of everything" and I just needed to "show up".  Before hanging up, I made a point to confirm the date and time for the reservation. Again, he assured me that he'd meet me at the door and "Just ask for Riley". Well, when I arrived at 1045 at the ropes (just as i was directed). There was not a soul in sight! We peeked into the club itself and all lights were off. We happened to see someone walking through the room and asked about it and she said, "oh yea, we're closed tonight".  REALLY? closed for the night? I got no notification, no call, NOTHING. Wow. Thanks, Beachers.
2	Not worth it!! We bought tickets online for $80 only.to find out everyone at the Mgm was getting free vip tickets with free drinks just by walking by a girl handing out wrist bands. We were so excited for the show and the show was basically every 30 minutes for only 2 minutes of showtime, with the same two little people Everytime. Must've been the only ones they paid for the night. When we got there with the tickets we were told to take them back to the ticket office and get our money back. We had bought them on ticketmaster so returning them wasn't an option. What's the point in selling $80 tickets if they're useless?? Very Dissapointed in our experience. Nothing like the LA one. Giving it two stars for the free drinks that were a good pregame for hakkassan...but don't worry, just walk through the Mgm for those..
5	Located in the MGM Grand Hotel Casino on the Famous Las Vegas Strip. This place defies all description other than a Madhouse, you must see it for yourself! Well worth it, and so much fun. I say go with a bunch of friends and get bottle service (something I don't usually recommend but here it is a must for the best seats in the house). Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	My review is solely on service. We paid $280 and they cancelled the show. They did not call to tell us. Then they refused to refund us saying ticket master should. Just based on their lack of care or empathy I would recommend not going.
