3	Thursdays are apparently the day for boneless wings at Buffalo Wild Wings, so boneless wings it was! We tried three different sauces (mild, garlic, and mango-habanero), but all were too hot for me. Hats off to Janet, though, who is surely one of the nicest, most helpful, and most attentive waitresses ever.
3	It's a BW3, what do you expect?Often loud, especially when a game is on.  Not necessarily a bad thing.  Lots of TVs, and a trivia game if you want to be more interactive.  2 stand-up arcade games.Full bar.  Limited taps, but always have the Capital Brewery seasonal.Pretty good service.  Take out service too.  Plenty of parking.The fried pickles are tasty.Note: They also have SCVNGR challenges - download this app and it's super easy to get $5 off a $25 bill your next time there.
2	I have only ordered Togo at this location since it's right next to my gym so after a good workout, I always crave some boneless wings. The two star I'm giving is for the food since every bww I have been to, the food is always good. My order always consist of some appetizer and boneless wings ( honey BBQ, Parmesan garlic, and or mango habanero). The Togo counter is not at all organized. I waited about ten minutes before getting help, when I got my food the order was done wrong so I walked back in, and wIted another ten minutes before someone acknowledges me. My box of wings was sitting sideways in the bag, the carrots and celery squished on bottom. I had to rearrange the entire bag so nothing would spill while on the drive home. For eighteen peices of boneless, i only got one small cup of ranch. Other then that, I got home and loved my food.
4	BWW gets 4 stars for a few simple reasons.  The service was good the two times I have been there. Once for take out and the second time for dine in.  It is hard to have high expectations for a low- end eatery but for what they are I think they did a pretty good job.
4	This place is great to watch a game!! There are TVs everywhere!  The service is usually great and you cant beat their wings.  For Madison I feel that they are on the pricier side but I guess you are also paying for the space; it's huge!!BBW has great wings!! And they are also introducing limited time wing sauces that I'm always excited to try!
4	I have to give 4 stars because the bar is the best place around to watch football on sunday.  They have ALL the games on so if you are hoping to watch a game other than the Packers, you never have to worry that it won't be on that week like a lot of other sports bars around.Service is always great... you never sit there with an empty beer glass waiting.  (and they wait on you for the whole game or games, not just until you are done eating)The food is really pretty decent bar food.  Good buffalo wings (for Madison) and most of the other wing sauces are surprisingly good.  Mango habanero is a favorite of ours.
4	Been coming here since they opened in 2009.  Overall, a nice establishment.First, this place is extremely clean. They actually cover all of the liquor bottles every night and clean the beer tap lines every week. Pretty impressive.Food is usually very good and fresh. Occasionally, If you order wings or fries they'll try and send out a batch that's been sitting in a warmer for a half hour. You can tell non-fresh wings when you see them. If they aren't too hot to eat (or close to it) when you first get them, they aren't fresh - send them back. This place carries a premium price tag (especially on non-wing special nights). For the price you're paying, you deserve piping hot FRESH wings. They are always good about remaking them if you complain. Same goes for fries.Waitstaff are really good and friendly. Recommend a visit. Insist on fresh food, though!
4	Good spot to watch a game!
3	The location itself is pretty cool. The open dining room makes watching any sporting event a group activity (with all the other strangers in the bar).Overall, the food is ok; the only vegetarian option is the black bean burger, which was a little dry.Typically, service is pretty good and we have a good time when we go.
3	Not a bad pit stop after a good work out at the Gold's Gym next door. Gets you the protein you need and all the sports channels you can possibly watch.If you've ever been to a Buffalo Wild Wings, you know what they serve here. I like it for the convenience and the fact that this place is larger than the other locations in the area. Therefore, there is more seating, less waiting, and is easy for big groups to dine in. On Tuesdays, you can get discounted wings; on Wednesdays, you can get discounted drumsticks; and On Thursdays, you can get discounted boneless wings.
3	I've visited more than my share of Buffalo Wild Wings (or as us 'Sconnie's like to refer to them, "BW3s"), and this one's not much different than the rest...I'll typically grab a seat in the bar area; this location has a TON of high-top tables with plenty of big screen viewage available.Totally dig their mini corn dogs and the soft pretzels, so we usually order them to start.  If there's still room, we'll do an order of boneless wings, typically with the hot sauce.  Tap selection has been better; these days it leans more toward common domestics, which is a shame.  Not a single Lake Louie, Rush River, or Furthermore on tap.  (sniff)Service has usually been excellent, especially in the bar area.  Friendly, attentive, and personable.  It's probably the #1 reason I've returned to this location.And, families - please don't bring your screaming toddler to B-dubs on a Sunday night at 10:00pm.  It's not good for anyone, least of all your child.  Shouldn't they be in bed?!BW3s gets 3 stars... Food = 3 starsValue = 2.75 starsService = 4 starsMISC = 3 starsI wish they'd bring back the more WI-oriented tap selection and ban kids after 9:00pm...  WiFi is available but not very reliable.
5	5PM is not only Happy Hour, but it's children's hour.  Have a beer and bring your small children.  At least, that's my impression of the place.  The noise level is typically such that an excited kid or crying baby doesn't bother anybody.  That's not to say it's a bad environment.  In fact, it's just the opposite.  It's a standard for watching a Thursday NFL Network game, a Brewers game airing on some obscure semi-private regional cable sports network, or bringing a couple of friends to play video trivia.  The 472* television screens make it possible to watch a lot of things at once glance.  The food?  It's certainly not gourmet, but it's good and it's inexpensive.  The wraps are a favorite of mine, and of course you can't go wrong with Wing Tuesdays or Boneless Thursdays.  The hot sauces offer a lot of taste with the heat, and my observation is if you're picky about your heat, go one level lower than you get elsewhere.  In other words, their "Medium" would qualify as "Hot" most other places.  The service has always been good for me here.  Some nights the food appears within just a few short minutes.  Even on nights I have had sub-par service, they have gone out of their way to make it right.  It's a good mix of sports bar and family restaurant.  It's a good choice no matter the occasion, and the solid menu offerings make it a tasty outing.  *Completely inaccurate guess.  Let's just say there's a lot of televisions.
2	GOOD LUCK, AND GOOD NIGHT.I've been to a lot of BW3s before and sure it's an average chain restaurant, but wow does this location have some serious issues.  I hate writing bad reviews, I really try to only review places I like (which there are plenty of), but tonight on yelp I'm slamming down a second bad review and this place takes the cake.I've been here probably 4-5 times, and the last 2 visits were just ridiculous.  The first time was for my fantasy football league.  The service was atrociously slow, with us waiting 20 minutes inbetween every waitress visit and 45 minutes for our "wings", the wireless connection was dropping constantly throughout the draft, they sat us right next to another fantasy league and both leagues could barely hear what anyone was saying, and the food was . . . well typical BW3s food which is to say not that great but fills your stomach I guess.  At the end of the draft, all of us vowed never to have it there again.My last visit was probably one of the worst customer service experiences I've ever had aside from maybe someone "doing something" to the food.We had a pretty big group; about 15 people, and were all meeting up to watch some playoff football games.  Our group was coming in sporadically over the course of about an hour, but I'd say about half of us put our food order in around the same time.  The waitress was an older lady and I could already tell by how slow the drink refills were coming to not expect much.  Shoot ahead a little bit and we're waiting a LONG time for our food.  Normally, I wouldn't care at a place like this on a day like this because we're watching football and laughing and all that good stuff.  But this was crazytown long wait.  The two friends of mine who showed up last (about 30-40 minutes after us) got their food before the rest of our group!  So at that point we knew something was up, we talk to our waitress when she finally comes back 15 minutes later, and she goes back "to check".  Another 15 minutes go by.  She is walking around helping other customers, trays of food are going out to every table but ours, and finally she comes over when we flag her.  She tells us she made a mistake and didn't punch in our orders but she's now taken care of it and the food should be out soon.Another 30 minutes + go by.  I'm not joking.  She's come by maybe once to refill drinks and let us know casually that the food should be out soon.  Most of the time we see her walking around like we don't exist.  We flag her down and ask what's going on with the food.  She tells us she'll check.  15 minutes go by.  Finally, food comes out.  She doesn't know who's food goes where, and half the orders are missing.  We ordered stuff to go with our wings, it's not here.  She goes back and tells us it should be out soon.  20 minutes go by.  Finally, we get the rest.  Hell, it took us like 15 minutes to get DIPPING SAUCE that was supposed to come with our wings let alone the rest of the food.  Nary an apology or sign of sincerity.  I go over and talk to the manager and he immediately seems to be on the up-and-up about the situation.  He seems distraught and genuine, and says he'll take $50 off the food and hands me a stack of $5 off coupons.  We're watching the game waiting for our checks.  Another 30 minutes go by.  I'm not making this stuff up folks.  Bills finally come out, comps are on it, food is all with the wrong people, we send the waitress back to get it figured out after we all write down for her what we all had.  15 minutes later, we get new bills, it's *mostly fixed but there are now no $$ comps like the manager said.  So we all throw in 2 of our $5 coupons.  20-30 minutes later we're finally able to pay as most of us are yawning and wondering if we're going to have to pitch a tent.  I was on the verge of a dine and ditch; something I'd never consider.  On the way out a few of the girls go talk to the manager again, and then relate that he was upset when he saw that we used the coupons and explained that the bill was correct even though 15 people saw that it was clearly wrong with full prices and no comps.   It turns out it was the waitresses third day, half of me felt bad, the other half was still disappointed that she didn't handle the situation better.  She didn't even make an attempt to be apologetic or act like she cared.  I only gave them any stars because they have big tvs, beer, and space.  I'm being generous. We got there at 5:15pm.  We left at 9:30pm.  DO.  NOT.  GO. HERE.
2	Very slow service(50 minute wait).  Did not get us kids menus.   Salad had brown lettuce.  This is not a good place to take kids.
3	In college, we often visited the BW-3 (I am so old school, I remember what the last W stood for-Weck) on State St.  We would drink our beer, play trivia, and eat wings. Life was simple.   I was a fan.Now, after 20 years, not so much.  Yes, I appreciate all the TVs in the place and sitting in the bar area guarantees that you will never miss a play but that is about it.The beer offerings are commercial and boring. It is laughable that they consider Leinie's Honey Weiss a microbrew,The wings are fine but I find they are getting smaller and smaller.  The sauces are fine.  The rest of the food is your basic "Open up a Sysco product and pour out the food" variety.  Overall, just myeah....pretty underwhelming.Service is friendly and usually pretty efficient.I will comment that I find this location brings out the d-bag factor more than other locations.  If you are 40, it is time for you to stop wearing your hat backwards.  Yes, you and 90% of the world's population are wearing a black North Face jacket.  You are neither cool nor trendy.....just stop trying so damn hard...
5	Awesome! We love it here. Of course it can be loud, but that's what it is -- a sports bar. Food always good, service always great. We went on Saturday to celebrate a gold medal I'd gotten, and Hayley (server) and Tony (manager) gave us a free dessert, unsolicited, just for choosing to celebrate with them. That was really sweet. They are kind, attentive, and this place is very clean, for the traffic that runs through here on a daily basis. Never have had a bad experience. Justin is a great server, as is Hayley.
1	I never expected much from this place, just a good, filling lunch with my husband.  We both - FOR HEALTH REASONS - do not eat red meat.  My husband has a long line of heart disease from drinking and red meat, so he doesn't eat red meat.  I do not eat it too to be healthy and to support him.  You'd be shocked at how many people make him feel like crap because he's a man who doesn't eat meat, regardless of the fact that his dad was on his death bed just last year from it until he was rushed a new heart.  Anyway, getting back on topic....I ordered the black bean burger and my husband ordered a different dish that was meatless as well.  This order was to go, as we had somewhere to be in an hour and a half.  When we got our food (the wait was fine) they read off the receipt, which I appreciated, while pointing at the boxes of food, then we left with our meal.We got home (we don't live far) and started scarfing our food so we could leave in time.  After three bites of my meal I wondered to myself why it tasted so weird and why I felt nauseous.  I scraped off the sauce and took off the toppings to find they hid a meat patty.  Some people would be annoyed at this, but I haven't eaten meat for many years.  My body can't handle it.  So I was PISSED.  HOW the hell did they manage to put a meat burger in place of a black bean vegetarian burger?!I immediately got back in my car with the remainder of my meal and drove right back to this place.  I went up to the girl WHO TOOK MY ORDER INITIALLY and told her that she messed up and gave me a meat burger not a vegetarian burger.  She looked at my receipt and said, "oh, I must have put it in as a black and blue burger instead of a black bean burger."  Did she apologize?  NO. She just looks at me and says, "do you want to talk to a manager?" I said of course I did, shocked that she didn't even care enough to apologize.  The manager came out and, after I explained to her what happened, she was very shaken and went to the kitchen to tell them about the screw up.  But she never talked to the girl who messed up my order.  The kitchen didn't know because she typed in the wrong order!  The manager came back to me with TWO $5 off gift cards.  Not ONCE did anyone offer to refund me for my meal, or even just the burger that I obviously wasn't finishing.  I had to fight for the refund for a few minutes before they agreed to it.  I was sick to my stomach from the meat for a few hours after, but thankfully it never came back up.  This place does NOT give two craps about you or your food coming out right.  I will never go back.
2	The staff here never seems to know what beers are available.  Also, they    serve very few local beer.  I think their management could use some improvement.  We go occasionally for the wing night specials and the food is typical of other Buffalo Wild Wings.
2	The service at this place sucks.Look at the rest of the patrons' reviews.  Management here doesn't have a clue.
1	.
3	I don't visit this location very often; over the past year, I've been there 3-4 times. Most recent visit was for the Bears vs. Packers game on 11/4/13.Pros:+ Very large space, usually easy to find a table+ Good happy hour specials (tall brews usually $4)+ Serviceable selection of taps+ Boneless wings are usually decent (depends largely on who's dressing them)+ Surprisingly good salads - fresh, flavorful, healthy+ Free wifiCons:- Service is hit-or-miss. There have been GREAT servers and terrible ones... last night was great service- New wings sold by weight is odd... - Pricey food- Very, very, very loud - Parking is limited- Too many kids, most of whom are toddler aged and screamingSo... for a commercial sports bar, it's not bad. Not usually my first choice, but you can do much worse.
3	Whenever I come to Buffalo wild wings its with a sporting team. Almost no other time. When we had a big group it took Forever! (When it finally came the parents stood up and clapped!) The multiple times we have done that. With a big group it is also really confusing. Mostly for the waiters. They confuse the people or the orders and it just takes a while. What I do like about it is the food. There burgers are great! The sauce is great. And the deserts are good as well. When there was only a couple of us there the service was fine and and the food was still great. I would recommend going here unless you have a big group.
2	7 of us went here for a friend's birthday tonight and had possibly my worst-ever dining experience. We arrived at 5:30, well before any would-be crowds, ordered, and then SAT THERE FOR OVER AN HOUR before they finally brought our food. We had kids in the group who were really hungry by that time. There were many empty tables around us, but a huge line at the door; I'm not sure why they weren't seating people. Anyway, when the food did arrive, it was cold and not good...for example, the wings with barbeque sauce had sat out so long all the sauce had been absorbed. The fries were old and cold. Our waitress did her best, and I don't blame her for the kitchen's shortcomings. When she came back after our food was served, she asked how it was and we were polite but honest. She asked if we'd like to talk to a manager, and we said yes. She came back minutes later to tell us it would be a while before the manager would get to us because in her exact words, "Surprise, there are several others waiting to talk to the manager as well..."The place is very very loud, with far too many TVs, but I'd expect that from a sports bar (and sports bars aren't my kind of thing, so I'm not using these facts as any basis toward this 2-star review).I'm giving it one extra star because the manager that we spoke to apologized and told us the meal was on him. Problem was, we did not come here for a free meal. We came for food we had heard was good. This was a very disappointing birthday for our friend.
3	This place can be a real crapshoot.Somedays the wings are excellent and some days they come out horrible. More often than not the wings are above-average but that's not saying much. I wish I could give it more stars.
2	I dislike this place more and more. Service is slow compared to the Appleton one. Much louder, slower service and less experienced staff.
2	I would rate them better than a 2 star but not quite a 3 star. More like a 2.5For starters, I do appreciate the atmosphere and great staff. It's a family friendly environment and food is your typical bar joint entrees. I ordered the black and bleu burger. It was VERY OK. I'd expected it to have more flavor but instead, it was rather dry. Without the cheese, it would have been a bland burger. It came with fries that were 5 minutes away from being cold. Not a huge fan of BWW but for what they offer... I guess they are OK. This one is tough to rate.
