1	I recently went to this salon and asked for a hair cut,my hair was 1 inch from my waist line prior to walking in.I told the stylist to give me some layers but only" to cut off a inch from the very bottom underneath because I still wanted my very long length.When she was all done my hair was so short,she cut it off very close to my bra line,which was about 5 or 6 inches not 1 inch like I asked.I told her through out the process to make sure she was only" cutting off what i asked,she said she was only doing what i asked.I was not happy at all with my hair cut when i got home I cried it was so much shorter then what i wanted.I went back to the salon and they were just about to close so i had to knock on the door so someone could let me in,the lady didnt want to talk to me,so I told her it was important please open the door,let me tell you,all four woman working in there were so disgustingly rude to me,I havent seen such bad customer service.When I told them what had happened they looked at me with very rude uncaring faces and told me,"theres nothing we can do about it" what do you want me to do.This even came from the manager because I asked to speak to her as well.I was so shocked how they treated me with such a bad attitude.I then asked for all my $$ back and the manager said she would only give me half.I would never recommend going to this salon to anyone,and wouldnt personally ever go back,unless you want to be treated like crap and get a crappy hair cut.
5	They're really nice here and can always squeeze you in when you call even when you need the appt like, right now! Larinda (sp?) always does my hair and she really knows what shes doing and doesn't try to upsell me or do stuff I ask her not to. Theres a lot of awful salons in the area. This ones a hit!
1	A customer. Pat did a great job n my hair.Great cyt, wonderful colir... but unfortunatly a co worker of hers from the salon approched me in walmart, told me how nice my hair looked,and what wonderful colir it was. I thanked her, feelng it was a bit odd to be approched by a stranger about your hair.Then she turned really ugly and said what a shame it was I hadent tipped her more than five dollars.That it was a slap in the face to Pat to tip so little.Well....first off...wow ! how ugly and rude and non profesdional...then i got to thinking...hmmm I thought I had tipped her fifteen dollars. I was speaking to my husband that evening and then he said...oh that ten, I took it...sorry about that..I ment to tell you. Oh things become clearer now...I had assumed the folded cash in my wallet was the same as when I got change the day before I got my hair done.Sorry to say I never looked at it when I handed it to Pat.Now the sad thing is...I would never be comfortable in that shop again.Would you? What a rude co worker Pat has.An ugly tempered rightious ....well you know the word.So in the end, Pat loses a customer, I lose a hairdresser I liked very much...and little miss busy body gets to feel so rightious...Wonderful experience for all concered.
5	Well Pat called me to appoligze for this womans behavior.I believe that Pat had no idea or part in this womans rude and obnoxious behavior. Let me state Pat does teriffic color work and she had little trouble managing my mop.I was so pleased that she called and we were able to clarify what happened.That woman is no longer around and I am pleased as punch to return to Pats chair and enjoy her wonderful colir and styling talents..I was a bit depressed kniwing I would have to find another salon.Now I dont!!! Could not be happier to return..Please give her a try. She is professional and really good at her work. She is also a teriffic person.
1	WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!!! IF I COULD RATE A ZERO..I would..I don't know how this business is still in open..I called one day to make an appointment. .and the lady put me on hold..I was totally OK with it..until 5 mins passed and I can hear her chit chatting with people in the background. .figured she might of forgotten. .so I called back. .and she hung up on me! I called again and it went straight to voicemail. I know I will never be going there again..nor will anyone in my family. Adios!
