4	Met an old friend here for lunch yesterday, Saturday 4/25.  We started a Thai iced coffee (for her) and a Thai iced tea (for me).  I had informed our server of my food allergies, of which he took time to notate down before heading of to the kitchen.  He did say that Thai Taste is more than willing to accomodate by omitting the ingredients I couldn't eat and substituting items that are more appropriate.  I asked if TT made their own curry pastes, and he said yes (and no, they do not use shrimp or shrimp paste in their curry pastes!).  I had spotted the daily specials board located outside by the front entrance that included soft-shelled crab (2 pcs.) with chu chee sauce and jasmine rice for $16.95.  (Mango sticky rice and Thai fried ice cream (!) were also featured.)  Our server said that if we did not like chu chee sauce (a coconut-based red curry sauce traditionally used with seafood, such as scallops and prawns/shrimp), we could opt for basil or ginger sauce.  I was also eyeing Pud Thai (their spelling) or green curry with tofu.  When I told Tina about the crab special, she ooh'ed and ah'ed, so we decided we'd split an entree.  Our server, however, had bad news- he was just told he'd have to go to the grocery for a crab run as the kitchen had just run out! Tina decided she would get the Larb with chicken (basically a spicy dish of ground chicken lettuce wraps), and I ordered the green curry.  Tina started her meal with celery soup, a soup I'd encountered at almost every Thai venue I've eaten at, but this version contained grains that looked like barley.  She thought it was good.  We didn't have to wait long for our entrees.  Her larb with chicken came out first, and what a beautiful sight it was!  It smelled marvelous, too, and Tina dished out a generous serving for me to try.  My green curry, with carrots, peas, green beans, bamboo shoots, broccoli, and tofu, was not far behind; The bowl in which it was served in was smaller than I've seen elsewhere, and without the usual accompaniments of soup and eggroll (due to my food allergies), $7.95 for a basically a cup of green curry and jasmine rice was pricey.  I think the kitchen added broccoli to sub for the eggroll, as it was not listed as an ingredient in green curry.  (For anyone with a mustard allergy- broccoli is listed as one of over 300 plants within the mustard family.)  I have to say that this green curry dish ranks as one of the best I've ever tried (mirroring Phoenix's Thai Elephant's on Adams and Thai Hut's, Mesa's Palee's Crown's, and Scottsdale's Tottie's Asian Fusion's)!  I could drink the green curry elixir straight  from the bowl!  It was that good!Clean, comfortable setting, great food, awesome service, and bright and clean women's restroom- what more can one ask for?  Ah, maybe an ample supply of soft-shelled crabs?  Haha!  No worries there, as the menu seems very promising!  Great QC spot for Thai!I'll be visiting again before flying home.  (Actually, I wasn't able to go back a second time, but my sister took her coworker to lunch soon after, and they both LOVED the green curry!)
2	Every time I go to church, I pass by this restaurant.  Well, a few weeks ago, I decided to stop fantasizing about the food and go try it for myself...plus, I didn't have the hubby with me to persuade me into buying some faster food (like burgers)...Anyway, I got there and it was lunch time (on a Saturday).  I was given a menu, which was only 8 items long.  I ordered Yellow Curry with Chicken and a Thai Tea (which I loved).  The curry dish was okay, but my palate is probably discriminating b/c I have a friend who is actually Thai.  I was happy about scratching that itch, but I was disappointed I didn't see other traditional Thai foods on the menu.  Turns out they offer a small selection at lunch time due to lunch-time rushes.  You can actually request the dinner menu and order, but they have those 8 items ready to go at all times.  1. Whatever floats your boat, but my rice was dry.2. Why didn't my waiter offer me my choice of menus (i didn't realize there was another menu until I settled my bill at the counter)3. Despite my disappointment, the wait staff was great!I'll have to visit this place again, for dinner, so see if I have a more palatable experience.  For now, I'm content going to my friend's house for down-home Thai food.
2	I managed to venture back recently and was still not impressed.And, my rice was STILL dry...so, I don't see the point torturing my palate any further.  Hopefully, ya'll have better luck than I did.  Do stop in for Thai Tea...that's about the best thing on the menu :(
4	Great food... and great lunch specials.  Service is fast and friendly.... you can get in and out pretty quickly or even east at your leisure (since the place is nicely decorated with images - I'm assuming from Thailand or the Thai artwork on the walls).You can customize your heat level if needed, but I usually leave it up to the chef and it's right about a medium.There are two entrances to this location so it can get a little disorienting, but the place is cozy enough to "right the ship" before it sails out the wrong door.  Even if it does, it's not that bad of a walk around the building.  It also looks like they sell jewelry in the lobby area, not sure if the owner makes it his/herself, but it's a great idea to kill time if you are waiting on a table.
2	I've been to this place a couple of times.  The first time was OK.  Months passed, and I went back again with my students.  I ordered Pad Lad Nar with beef (listed as a "special", and usually a foolproof dish in Thai restaurants) and it was extremely meh.  Broccoli very undercooked, sauce runny and hadn't been given enough cooking to "come together".  Not horrible enough to send it back, but not good enough to think "hey, wow, I want to go there again".  Especially when I can get great noodle dishes at several different places around the University.
4	This place is right outside my subdivision and is in walking distance from my home.  Great food, the best values are at lunch, but dinner won't blow the budget either. My first dish there was Pad Thai and I wasn't disappointed.  Later on I discovered their Thai Curry dishes (the one with red curry in coconut cream sauce with bamboo shoots- I can never remember the name)The folks there are very nice and helpful and the see a lot of me on "pick it up" days.The inside has a nice feel to it.  I just wish they made sweet tea...
4	I eat here on occasion, most recently this week after a cashed-in Groupon special. I am a university student, so I don't like spending more than $10.00 on dinner. This is a little bit outside of that price range, as I usually end up spending $15.00 if I get an appetizer. They have awful drink prices: all imported beers cost $3.95. They do use beer glasses though. This cannot be said for the free-refill drinks. Those are served in plastic cups. I consider the use of plastic cups to be an odd practice for a carpeted establishment.Their tablecloth is made of a synthetic material, which I also don't like. One final general complaint is how one must specifically ask the host for the prices on dinner specials. That being said, they always play music that sounds Thai, and they give you Jolly Ranchers with your check.Anyhow, on to the food review.Things I have ordered from here, and liked:-Gaeng Dang with duck (pricy)-Gaeng Dang with seafood (pricy)-Gaeng Dang with beef (not as pricy)-Gaeng Dang with vegetables (not pricy at all)I always order 5/5 spicy at any restaurant that gives me a scaling spiciness option. It's not that I am trying to prove anything: I just like my food to be exciting. I think 5 star Gaeng Dang is sufficiently spicy. As you can see, I have had good luck with this particular curry dish. It also tastes good the next day for leftovers.-Pad Thai (not that pricy). This is good Pad Thai, but you can get better Pad Thai from the [forgot the name] Vietnamese restaurant next to New Century Oriental market on North Tryon. I never have leftovers for Pad Thai no matter where I go, so I can't say much about leftover quality for this particular entree.Things I have ordered, and have not felt too strongly about:-Vegetable Fresh Roll (cheapest food item)This is an interesting concoction. It is a bunch of regular salad and white rice wrapped up with a few leaves of fresh basil in a non-fried egg-roll wrap, and dipped in a syrupy peanut-ty dipping sauce. The first time I ordered this, I was impressed and intrigued. The second time, I realized how boring this would be if not for the fresh basil and peanuts in the dipping sauce. The main killer for this appetizer is that fact that you only get two rolls!Things I have ordered, and have disliked:-Mango Sticky RiceFor some reason, this is not on the menu, but my girlfriend always insists on ordering it. Don't order it. It tastes EXACTLY the same as the frozen mango sticky rice sold at the very nearby Trader Joes. I say this because the mango obviously is thawed out, and the rice is too salty. - Pra Rarm Long SongI ordered this when I cashed in on my Groupon, and I ordered it 5/5 spicy. It was a little bit spicy, but not very spicy. There was a strong clash of flavors, with both the peanut sauce and the spiciness bringing mutual ruin to the dish (especially after I added one of their unmarked spicy table sauces to the mix). I ate the leftovers the next day, and they still weren't that great. I might have liked this more if I didn't have the option of making it spicy.
4	This place is right next to my office, so I love to run over and grab the lunch specials when I have time. My only disappointment is that you have to dine in to get the free soup, spring roll, and iced tea that makes "the special". Perfect for satisfying my craving for Thai, however. And since I'm a wimp when it comes to heat, I like being able to order the level of spice according to my mood that day.
5	Chicken Pad Thai and C-1 Chicken Curry are terrific.
5	Great food and service. Best Pad Thai in town.
4	I love thai food, and was happy to find a place close to home that had such good flavors. My all time favorites are pad thai and Panang and they are really good here.Service is fast and friendly. Last time I went there, I ordered a thai coffee, now I can say I'm addicted. From the appetizers, I like the fresh rolls, Ka Nom Jeb (dumplings). I've tried the Sar Tah (chicken kabobs w/ peanut sauce) but I'm not crazy about the flavor of the peanut sauce. It seems like they have really good lunch specials, but as it is the prices are very affordable. I will definitely go again when craving thai food.
3	I love Thai food.  The food here is okay, the price is too much for the portions at lunch.  I told him I did not want it too spicy, he did not add any seasonings.  I may go back just not on my dime.
4	I was first introduced to Thai Taste on East Blvd and I've been coming here ever since.  I've had so many different dishes here and they've all been superb....I can't even pick a favorite...Gaeng Jerd, Koong Ob Mor Din, Poh Heang, Pad Woon Sen, and the fried rice are all amazingly good
5	Went there with a groupon and liked it so much we've gotten take out again!  Really good food and you can choose how spicy you want the dish to be.
3	I've been to a few Thai restaurants in Charlotte looking for that amazing Thai flavor I got at the Thai joints back home (Miami) and sadly I am still looking.  However, for the time being this one is close.  I have not been here enough times to be able to rate consistency but on my last visit I was pleased.  I ordered their cashew and vegetable dish and it was so good I almost licked the remaining sauce off the plate.   Im still dreaming about that wonderful basil infused spicy, salty, brothy, tasty sauce.  The vegetarian spring rolls were also delish and they include 4.I almost  jumped out of my chair when they asked if I wanted dessert and then mentioned 3 on the menu.  What!?!?!  Dessert?  No Thai place I've been to here has dessert other than sticky rice with mango, if any at all.  YAY!!!!  I ordered the fried ice cream and it was a nice ending to a great meal.  No, it still doesn't compare to the lucious fried ice cream they serve in Miami floating on top of a sweetened condensed coconut milk and drizzled with chocolate sauce..... **drool**  but it will do.  If they add fried Thai donuts to the menu they will have a loyal Fan.  :)
5	Perfectly authentic Thai cuisine. Always tasty, never a misfire. Specials are always rewarding, and standards like pad Thai are expertly executed. This is a very simple little place in a strip mall, but so delicious and welcoming. Highly recommended!
4	Thai Taste has decent Pad Thai and Green Curry, two of my favorite Thai dishes. THey offer heat levels from 0-5 plus "Thai Spicy". Beware though because just yesterday  my wife received green curry which was ordered with heat level 1, but it had considerable heat, I would rate the heat a 3. They also offer papaya salad which is good. I am going to try the Tom Yum soup at some point soon. The lunch specials are very affordable and the service is quick.
4	After visiting a few Thai restaurants in larger cities, I am pleased at how many things this place gets right.   Food is great.
4	Pad Thai is usually a good indicator of how the food is in a Thai restaurant. Theirs is quite good. Not too heavy. Not too much sauce. Just right.
3	Good place for lunch. Service is fast.Standard Thai fare.
4	Great place to grab a business lunch. Service is always fast and courteous, and the food is good.
3	Stopped here on a Saturday night because hickory tavern was on a wait. The food was good. I had a soup (that I can't pronounce) it was tasty with lots of veggies. I also had the Thai salad but that was not very good. It was drenched in dressing and the dressing was off putting. My companion had the chicken pad Thai and it was very tasty. The service was just ok. I would go back and get the pad Thai to go.
4	Great thai food in the university area. The service is generally exceptional. For a vegetarian who doesn't eat seafood, there are only a few options, as there is fish sauce or shrimp sauce in almost everything. True veg options: Tom Kha soup, veg fried rice & veg pad thai. TOM KHA soup: the spiciness and the texture is a little inconsistent. In a large hot pot, some areas are thin and watery and some are thicker and a little grainy. If you keep stirring it, though, it's fine. Overall, I really like it. It's spicy (although spice level 4- the hottest offered- is not really that hot for someone who enjoys spicy food) and sour (lime?) and a little sweet and creamy from the coconut milk. I got this two nights in a row, so it's definitely good. TOM YUM soup: this was actually spicy at level 4. Seemed healthy, with a broth base and lots of veggies. Very flavorful. RED CURRY with vegetables: bamboo shoots, red peppers, peas in a sweetish but slightly spicy sauce. The sauce is a little grainy, but still tasty. YUM NEUR salad with thinly sliced beef spiced with chilies, cilantro and lime juice - tasted sweet and spicy. The salad felt light and healthy but satisfying. Also, it was beautifully presented on a footed plate.
4	This is one of my favorite Thai spots in Charlotte. The green curry is delish, as is the mango and sticky rice when in season. I like to judge a place by their pad thai, which is my staple, and I give them a 4/5. The one subtracted point is because the chicken and shrimp in my last pt tasted like they were boiled and added last...they didn't taste like the rest of the dish. It wasn't bad but I've had better at Thai Taste. Definitely worth going back again and again.
5	I eat here all the time!  I love it!  The food is delicious and the one time my order wasn't right, they gave me a free meal.  One of the best Thai places I have ever been to.  The waitstaff is so friendly and fast.
5	Thai Taste is one of the best Thai Restaurants I have ever been to.  The food is very authentic, flavorful, and fresh.  The staff is extremely nice and provided great service.  The food comes out quick and hot.   You can specify how spicy you want your dish.  I have had level 3 each time I have gone and it has been perfect.  I like my food spicy.  Each time I come to Charlotte, I make time for this amazing restaurant.
4	Solid Thai food at a fair price.  Thai House in Univeristy area has better music, decor, and ambience, but costs about 30% more.
4	I've eaten here a few times and always leave extremely satisfied. The red curry is everything you'd want in a curry. My wife and I were in a hurry and let them know when we got there. We got in and out in 20 minutes. The customer service is top notch!
1	The food is great but the service And manager are horrible. She does not know good customer service or mannerism while she is talking. Byebye good food all because of your ill mannered management.
4	First of all the Taste of Thai food is the absolute best. I love most places that are around here and I like to try new ones. This location is in a good spot because it's me you're a Starbucks and grocery store so I went here for lunch.Best thing of my visit was the taste of the food. I got the pad si eew with broccoli and carrots and it was delicious. I never get spice because I learned the hard way that Thai spice is not your normal spice. One thing that came with the lunch special like a spring roll and that was a little underwhelming. It literally only contain cabbage and was a little chewy vs crunchy. Service during lunch rush was decent. I just did a to go order so I thought I would have been in and out a little faster. But they only had one person working the register. I'm a strong proponent that if it is a peak hour of working then there should be ample amount of service people to accommodate.  Would I return absolutely - the food was delicious.
4	Went during lunch and ordered vegetarian pad Thai with tofu. Food was fast, yet hot. Very moist and tasty. Wish I would have asked about spice level because I would have liked mine kicked up a few notches yet not a huge deal. With lunch you get small bowel of soup, spring roll, and iced tea with entree. Would definitely go back!
4	I was pleasantly surprised with my experience at Thai Taste. Their lunch specials start out with a delicious soup. I had the Thai iced tea which has almost a milkshake consistency and was a great treat on a hot day. Their hotness is 1 to 5, I'm a spicy lover and 4 was perfect for me. A minor punch to the face without causing discomfort. I really enjoyed their tofu, well seasoned and not squishy. It was hard to get our check but all in all a quick and affordable lunch that fits into a work day.
3	Lunch menu isn't great. Dinner is decent. Would avoid coming for lunch. Dinner it is ok to be here. And if you go a little late for dinner, the person asks if its take out :P ? Haha! New way to say to customers, go away! Avoid lunch for sure.. Not worth at all.
5	's place is so good. A hidden gem. So happy we tried it today. My kids really loved it too. We can't wait to come back again and try something new. The lunch specials are great!!
4	Took my female friend out for Thai food . Being her first time with this cuisine, I read great Yelp reviews of this place and decided to try it.The restaurants decor is basic. If you are looking for a restaurant based on atmosphere, I suggest you look elsewhere. If you are looking for a place that has extremely flavorful Thai food, this place fits the bill! My friend and I tried 2 entrees and 1 appetizer. All 3 dishes were nice sized portions and quite tasty. We had a shrimp dish that had a nice amount of shrimp in it which is always a nice surprise. I'll be darned if I could remember the name of the dish, but idiot me didn't write down what it was lol. The wine menu is sparse but the sake they carry was quite good.  Our make server (Dan I believe) was extremely friendly and informative. He had worked there for years and just came back after a stint in Utah. His suggestions were spot on. As long as he remembers the difference between Pinot Noir and Pinot Grigio, all is good lol. I will definitely eat here again. Enjoyable food at a reasonable price!!
5	I love this place! The food is always great and it comes out fast. The service is excellent and extremely attentive. I usually get the Pud Asparagus or the Kow Pud Sub Pra Ros (like a Thai fried rice). They are both really great! You get so much food for the price too. The soup is great and so are the spring rolls. They ask how spicy you want it and always make it exactly how I ask. They also have hot sauces you can add yourself to give it a little kick. Stop by this location or one of the other Charlotte area spots. You won't be disappointed!
4	This place surprisingly exceeded my expectations. The curry was excellent and the staff is very helpful. I would definitely go back.
3	Went there for lunch yesterday, the lunch menu is kind of expensive. They give you an egg roll, but each item is almost 9 bucks, and the quantity is not that generous. I would stick with dinner.
2	The Tod Mun Pla (fish balls) were the best thing I had.  The Pad Thai is supposed to be a signature dish of Thailand, this left much to be desired.The food was said to be ready in 5 minutes and it was.  I don't know how anything remotely fresh is ready in 5 minutes.  There were no beansprouts to be found, if they were there then they felt and tasted like limp old noodles.If I am in need of some slop to eat then you can go here.  If you want some real Thai food, I would suggest going somewhere else or at least not ordering any noodles.  Try a coconut based broth or curry.
