4	Supporting our local businesses requires some effort and Bomas is in the area.  It's early evening on a Sunday and there's probably one other party dining there when we arrive.I go with the Chicken Piccata "Chicken breast sauteed with white wine, garlic, lemon juice, capers and fresh mushrooms.  Served with roasted red potatoes and vegetables." for $14.95.  I was actually surprised with how tasty my chicken was, and for it being the breast part, it wasn't dry at all.  My potatoes were quite the red ones that were advertised, but it served it's purpose.The Big F ordered the Ribeye Steak "A 14 oz. steak with cracked black pepper and garlic then broiled to your specifications, served with baked potato and vegetables." for $22.95.  It was actually too big for him and he had leftovers! Our dinners also came with soup or salad.  Soup of the day was cream of mushroom and it was a tasty soup alright.  Lots of cream in it and I almost regretted that I chose the salad instead.  I had requested for the dressing on the side, but it ended up on top.  The vinaigrette was pretty tasty over my salad though.  The Caesars salad is an option too.Service was standard.  Our waitress looked like she may have been handling something else other than the two tables because she looked overworked.  Overall, a simple meal in a simple place.  Nothing special, but it worked for us.  3.5 stars(Pics are posted!)
1	Was driving by here and saw a big sign w. a sign for $6.95 dinner specials ... decided to drop in and see what it was about since we were hungry.The 3 dished offered for this special were Swordfish, 10 oz. NY Strip Steak , or Spaghetti and meatballs. I ordered the Steak and while I don't expect a great steak for $6.95, this one really was not that appealing to me but that's now what was really bad about this place. The steak came w. a side of vegetables and mashed potatoes, however the potatoes were the kind that came out of a box .... you could tell because they had that kind of funny burnt edge that you get w. the boxed kind. On top of that when we ordered our food we were told that we HAD to order drinks w. our meals or we would have to pay $1 for water because the deal was "too good". That kind of killed the whole thing for me. If you are looking for a good steak deal Ellis Island has a great one for $6.99. 10 oz. sirloin that is actually good that comes w. a REAL potato, baked or mashed, veges, soul or salad, AND a beer.On a side not my g/f got Jalapeno Cat Fish which was pretty good but overall not enough to make us want to come back.
5	I am surprised by the negative reviews here. I had dinner to celebrate my birthday last night and thought it was excellent. Perhaps the owners of the restaurant read these earlier posts and took notice of them.I won a voucher through a silent auction for two free entrees plus two non-alcoholic drinks from the First Friday fundraiser and decided to head over to the opposite side of town to Bomas. It's kind of off the beaten path on Durango in the Southwest part of town. There is the bar on one side and the restaurant on the other. The decor reminded me of an exotic African safari, tasteful and not over the top. Nice ambiance.At first, I wasn't sure about it because we were the only ones there, so I thought it would be deadsville, but our waiter was extremely nice, pleasant, and attended to whatever we needed with a smile. There were two other couples who came in later on and I took notice of how our waiter handled all their requests graciously. We ordered shrimp scampi as an appetizer, had some bread, and salad to start. Everything tasted very good.Our entrees came next. I ordered the stuffed chicken breast with angel hair pasta and my friend ordered the fettucine alfredo. We were both satisfied with our meals, even though I stuffed myself so much that I couldn't finish it all and to take it home with me. They were good, healthy-sized portions. I ordered pork chops with mashed potatoes, salad, and vegetables to take back home to my mom and she thought it was delicious.I cannot complain at all. I would recommend this place for locals who are seeking a nice neighborhood bar or restaurant that serves great food at reasonable prices.
4	You can't miss this place either you are coming from 215 fwy or Blue Diamond blvd... It is in ISLAND FLAVOR's plaza, a big sign of BOMAS on the building!This place has two part: bar and restaurant, but both of them are quiet (maybe because I always check-in at lunch time).I like their wraps... I like their breakfast menu...I like their service, especially with the guy ( I'll ask his name next time ^^ )I forgot the couple meals I had, but I'll update all the missing information soon! However, this is very nice place to hang out with co-workers!
1	Lets just start by saying I will never recommend this place. I went today with my girl since we had a coupon from the Valupak and figured we can try something new. We get there and sit down and it took almost 10 minutes before our waitress came to greet us. She asked first for our drink order and I asked for Iced Tea, she told me they were out and she only had an hour left on her shift so she didn't want to make any. But yet the table across from us they were all enjoying glasses of Iced tea. Then I decided to try their NY Strip and shrimp special which is supposed to come with a baked potato, but she once again said they were out of baked potatoes but again another table next to me which came in after received a baked potato with their meal, weird right??? Another thing was the table next to us asked her for tarter sauce, and she replied that they didn't have tarter sauce since they didn't serve fish on the menu. The customer then asked if they didn't have fish then why was there a fish sandwhich, BBQ Salmon, and fried Tilapia on the menu. She then replied saying that ya its on the menu but they never sell it so never make tarter sauce for it. What kind of answer is this right? Obviously we were at a bar so we both weren't expecting a great meal, and big surprise... the food quality was poor. The corn on the cob was nasty and over boiled, and nothing really had flavor. Lastly when it came to paying, we tried to use the coupon we received which was buy one meal get one free. She told us since I ordered the daily special they can't honor the coupon even though my girlfriends meal cost more. But if I would of picked a meal that was on the regular menu that cost more then it would of been free. I was like Really? They would rather give me a free $12 meal versus an $8 meal.  I'm no mathmetician but they should be happy I wanted the cheaper meal free. So like a fellow reviewer said, the coupons must be a scam since they wouldn't honor ours either.  So in a nut shell.... The service was awful and the food wasn't worth the money.   I hope that anyone who reads this doesn't waste their time trying this place as far as the restaurant side goes.
1	I got food poisoning a few days ago from the Lasagna. I'm just now recovering. I think I should get my money back!
2	I really, REALLY wanted this place to be better. I have a feeling I got it on an off day.I've passed by Bomas for over a year now; it's so close to my house and I finally went in for breakfast today. I'm a huge fan of the cracked egg, but I wanted something fast and close to home since I was starving.I ordered eggs over easy with bacon, sausage patties, sourdough toast. Bacon was crispy, sausage was fine, toast is toast... the eggs were really runny.It looked good coming out, the service was excellent, but my dish was cooked improperly. I was so disappointed in the food. I'm definitely going to try it again, though, because I actually like the bar and the ambiance.Look for an update in the next few days from me!
5	My daughter and I went for a spur of the moment breakfast at Bomas. I can't tell you how good the bar is, it was breakfast. I can tell you that the bar and restaurant are separate. We arrived at around 10 am. There was no one in the restaurant side. The restaurant was clean and nicely decorated. We decided to try this restaurant because it was close to Blue Diamond Highway, close to where my daughter lives. Our server, Tammie, was very pleasant for the time of morning. I received fresh brewed coffee. My daughter requested two glasses of water. She got both and a pitcher. My coffee never went empty. I had the steak and egg special which included a 6 to 8 ounce steak, two eggs, hash browns, and toast. $4.99!!! Daughter ordered the Ham and Eggs special which was the same as mine except her ham steak was almost as thick as my beef steak. $3.95!! My steak was tender and delicious. Her ham was tender and flavorful. Tammie was attentive and quick to deliver our order and pick up our plates. Overall a fantastic experience at a McDonalds price :~) If you're looking for an inexpensive breakfast, try Bamas!
3	Food is not that good. I had pulled pork and brisket.
4	Got a 2-fer coupon so we decided use it for steak dinners. After 15 minutes, I had to fetch the bartender for the menus. He apologized that no one was handling the dining area and he was slammed at the bar. With the service lacking, we were quite surprised that our food was cooked and seasoned perfectly. Our steaks were accompanied with a baked potato and a side of veggies.  The bartender did the best he could.  I would definately go back.
2	Since we had a Restaurant.com gift certificate, we headed here the other day for a late lunch. Now this place seemed totally fine for drinking, but this review is based on the food.The service was ok, though very slow. And the food just seemed to take way too long to come out. We started off with the appetizer combo platter. It definitely all seemed like it was something that was just popped in the microwave. The wings were decent. The jalapeno spinach dip was actually pretty tasty. Everything else was a fail.For entrees, we had the BBQ beef sandwich and the BBQ burger. The sandwich was ok. Not too bad on flavor. And I even enjoyed the pasta salad that I chose as the side. The burger, however, was barely edible and the fries were left almost completely untouched.Now, there could be other menu items that are great. The BBQ flavors were decent enough that I would try other BBQ menu items. And the breakfast part of the menu did have some tasty sounding things. But based on this one experience and the food we had, there's no way I can give it more than 2 stars.
1	I'll make this brief.  The service was horrible; we had to wait ten minutes in an empty restaurant.  My husband finally had to go to the bar side to get anyone to wait on us.  Shrimp scampi appetizer had five TINY shrimp, and the garlic toast was burned.  We had to wait to get silverware and napkins.  Our food came out, and my burger was well done when I ordered it medium rare.  She didn't bring the ketchup until our meal was finished.  Even with the Restaurant.com savings, we'll never return again.
3	This is a pretty decent little 24/7 restaurant/bar here in the southwest.  The menu is not huge, but it has everything you'd expect from a joint like this.  They recently revamped the menu to include more entrees.  The prices are pretty good on most food items and drinks actually.  The bartenders and wait staff are all nice and friendly.Also one of the things that is nice are the monthly coupons that come in the mail at my house.  Everything from $10 off your bill, to buy one get one on entrees or appetizers, to $10 match play.  Coupons like this, along with low prices and a nice staff, keep me coming back on a regular basis.
5	Well I went to the bar area only, on a Tuesday night.  It's a great place to go hang out after work and just relax.  Great HH specials and service is great.  The Bartender was very nice and inviting (Jacklyn I think is her name).  I recommend this location and plan to continue to go back.
4	One of my favorite neighborhood bars in the south west. John & Jackie the bartenders are always amazing. affordable drink prices and really good food you cant go wrong with this place. food wise- try the Chicken Avocado sandwich. chicken, avocado, house dressing in a Parmesan sourdough bread its sooo yummy!
3	The service is definitely spotty.  Depending on the bartender (I have been here 4 or 5 times) it is either really good or really bad.   I do have a food review, however:$5.95 Steak Special- This is a monthly special that seems to not expire.  For a very reasonable price you get a very poor cut of meat (appx 6 oz), but it is wonderfully seasoned.  I opted for the Mashed Potatoes and Gravy and it also included a healthy portion of brocolli, carrots, and squash.  Excellent meal for the price.  I was quite impressed.My better half had a Veggie Sandwich and she complimented it more than once.  She made it clear that she would definitely order it again, so a decent option for the more health conscious.The bar rather clean, has a nice seating area for groups...  I will give them more business in the future.
4	Our server was extremely attentive and friendly. The chef came out and said a few words to us. There were no other patrons in the restaurant but the bar was full. Our food was delicious. We went there with a restaurant.com gift cert.
4	Sunday morning breakfast special.  They have real hashbrown potatoes.  Try them,Alyson is a fantastic waitress and there is not a wait.
2	Came here for the first time for a business lunch. HORRIBLE service. Waited 15 minutes to be greeted or acknowledged. I even called while sitting in the restaurant area just to double check they were open.  After taking our drink order and app order we didn't see her again for another 15 minutes!  Both times she came back to our table someone from the restaurant went and got her.  Food was ok but not great. They were super lazy and put the toothpick with the plastic stuff on it upside down in my sandwich so I had blue plastic pieces in my food.  The pretzel bites appetizer was pretty yummy though.  Not a place I will be back to.  So disappointed!
1	Where do I even begin with this nightmare of an experience? My wife and I like to try new places so we use various sites like yelp and restaurants.com to get reviews and deals in places we don't usually eat at. I checked restaurants.com and saw a deal close to the house for this place...I've driven passed bomas about 900 times and never even gave it a thought. It's always seemed like a crappy neighborhood bar and there's never anyone there. I said why not, it's probably slow and I can get in and out. I called and tried to order off what I thought was their menu...it was linked to their website and restaurants.com so I didn't think anything of it. The lady in the phone said everything I tried to order was on their old menu and they didn't have it anymore. I told her id look again and call back. I found another menu link on their website, called back, and gave it another chance. This time yet again they didn't carry those items again...it was only a sampler and a sandwich!! And they didn't have it. So I just ordered the most basic bar food I could think of, fingers and a steak sandwich. She told me they don't make a steak sandwich anymore, but she can ask the kitchen. She said it would be ready in 15 mins. I get there and there's maybe 8 cars there...it's Friday night at 8pm. There's people dealing drug's in the parking lot.. this is by Rhoads ranch btw...so that has to tell you how much of a drag this place is. When you walk in there's a restaurant side and a bar side. I sit in the restaurant side since I ordered food and there's only 5 people there at two tables. I waited for 10 mins before someone came out of the back to tell me they couldn't help me and I had to go to the bar. I go to the bar and waited for 10 mins until the bartender came and asked me what I wanted ..there were only 4 people there! I said in here for a pick up..she told me ok and had the guy from the restaurant side bring over my food. She comes over with the bill and I hand her my card and the certificate..she tells me that I can't use it for take out. Now just to make this clear, I read the certificate all the way through including the fine print and it does not say that anywhere in there. I didn't argue because I'm not a crazy cheap bastard....plus I can just exchange it on the site I got out from which is a great feature. I paid and left...I even tipped. Now the moral to my story is..this is las Vegas, I live in the south west ..there are about 150 places around my house I would gladly of paid full price for..this crappy little bar with poor customer service and even worse food is not one of them...and I would urge you not to as well.  The steak sandwich was gross and was over cooked beef slapped on a roll. The chips were little grease bowls and the sweet potato tots were soggy. I will give credit where it's due though..if you do deal with this crappy little bar try the chicken fingers. They were the only saving grace.
4	Had a restaurant.com certificate. Service was great! We had the herb crusted salmon and chicken piccata. Both meals were excellent! I have been trying salmon in a lot of restaurants. Most of the time I find the salmon dry but not at Bomas. Will eat here again!
4	I've eaten here plenty of times and I can honestly say that I love the food! The hamburgers are always good! The fries....THE FRIES!!! SOOO GOOD! Chicken fingers are good too! The sweet potatoe tots are really, really good! I always go during the day so not to sure if it's a different crew at night.The only thing preventing it from 5 stars is that if you want prompt service, you have to either sit in the bar area or let the person know that you are in the regular dining area or else you could be waiting for awhile until someone comes and checks that area at first.
3	BF and I were feeling uninspired about what to eat for dinner so we decided to use our restaurant.com certificate. The restaurant side was dead. There was one other table but they left soon after we sat. The server was friendly, but she was MIA a lot.  We ordered shrimp scampi for an appetizer, and I ordered a patty melt with sweet potato tots, and he ordered the salmon pan-seared and NOT herb-crusted. The food came out pretty quickly, but we had a to wait a lot of the time for water refills. The scampi was good, but very rich. The bread it came with was delish. My patty melt was just ok. I ordered medium, but it looked a bit rare to me. It also lacked any seasonings. The tots were yum. I didn't try my boyfriend's salmon, but he said it was just okay as well. Even though he ordered it pan-seared, it still came out herb-crusted, which he didn't like.Over all, the food is okay, especially for what we paid.  Next time I'll stick to more basic bar food, like quesadilla or chicken tenders.Also note: For the person who reviewed using a restaurant.com certificate as well and was mad they couldn't use it for takeout, that is a general rule for ALL restaurant.com certificates. You can read it here http://www.restaurant.com/about/terms where it says "for dine-in only".
1	Had a restaurant.com coupon and they indicated we couldn't use it for to go food. The coupon does NOT read this way. AWFUL service.  Bartender used foul language with guests.  Food OK.  Will never return.  BAD BAD BAD.
3	"A-ok" for me considering it was a spur of the moment "what's open at midnight?" food grab (with restaurant.com offer)What's weird in this town is that a couple of bars that actually had great food went out of business and those that serve the typical burgers and appetizers maintain a steady clientele, go figure.Anyway, I ordered the ribeye steak medium rare, it came out medium well. Sweet potato tots were good, baked potato- alright.Shrimp scampi and the angel hair pasta a little dry...I think you could go to a second rate buffet that has a live cooking station (Red Rock, Silverton) and get a better shrimp scampi over angel hair.I guess my mistake was to go for the entrees expecting a good dinner when it's really a place to grab nachos and burgers and other finger food so I won't really burn them for it. Waitress was nice and service was good. Interior was clean.
2	"Daffy, Donald or Dahmer?"I parked in the lot and went in. Darkness was plentiful. A few played video poker, a few stared at telly screens.I sat at the bar and fed 60 into a machine. Bartender waddles over. Takes my drink order, webfeets away.Caught him staring at me while assembling my drink.I think he wants to dismember me.Put me into plastic bags and scatter them around the desert.He quacks his way back, places my Scotch before me.Stares again and duckwalks to other patrons.I'm down to 20 bucks and gulped my Scotch.Now he's whispering at two and they're ALL looking at me.I begin to wonder if this might be my last hurrah.I ordered another Scotch and ignored his stare.Now my money is gone and so am I.I drained my glass and left.But not before looking over my shoulder.Twice.
5	I just checked this bar out after moving to Mountain's Edge.  It's a small local bar with a nice clean environment.  Both bartenders I have met have been super cool, Dave and Eric (both Graveyard bartenders) are friendly and make you feel right at home.  I've hit 5 spots two nights in a row, so it's nice knowing their machines pay frequently...plus their food is pretty good!  Great local spot, will definitely be back again!
2	Went here to grab some bar food with a couple of buddies. Food was just terrible. How does one mess up bar food? I dont know but they managed to. On a side note they always tend to have hilarious bar signs outside, my favorite being "the liver is evil, it must be punished. 1$ beer" 2 stars for historical signs.
5	I think I came in here with the right expectation. I wanted a burger, some kind of pub appetizer, and a few beers, and that's exactly what I got. service, good. beer, good. burgers, great! and all for a fair price. my bf and I both ordered the Bacon Avocado Burger, and I asked for the burger cooked well done. it showed up looking tasty, charred on the outside and juicy on the inside. bacon on the burger was crisp, and the avocado was fresh and tasty. I had the sweet potato tots, and bf had the fries, I ate all mine and cleaned his leftovers. they were both SO good, just about the perfect sides for our burgers. we also ordered the pretzels, and while the cheese sauce was thin, it was packed with flavor. we sat on the bar side, wasn't too smoky and we could vape at the bar. very friendly!! will go back when I'm craving a burger again.
1	First of all let me say i was recommended this place because they have the best ranch in town. Ok let me let you know its hidden valley or generic brand. I ordered a mushroom Swiss burger witha veggie patty. It came as a plain veggie burger. I sent it back and they said theyd bring it right back. I asked for it all to be remade because i hate eating reheated food. It returned and the server told me that it had been remade. Ok so the patty before i sent it back i had picked some parts out. It returned and claimedTo be freshly made. NO. it was reheated. Because it was hot in the inside and hard on the outside how food gets when its nuked. And had the parts is picked out on it it was the se patty. Altogether good suckeddddd.  I will never return and neither will the other 5 people i came with. Plus we all ordered together. Mine came out when everyone was almost done eating. And i had to sendIt back. If you want good bar food DO NOT COME HERE!!!!!!
