5	Best service in town. Very thorough. Always on time. Jay is a very hard worker. Has a great personality. I have never meet a harder worker in my life and he is always willing to give you a fair price. He uses spot free water and a foaming machine that gets your car very clean.
5	All I can say is wow! I had a huge problem after loaning my car out to a family member. There was fast food everywhere mashed in the carpets and smeared all over the interior. Jay not only cleaned it to perfection, he had my interior looking arguably better than when I first bought the car!Jay is a miracle worker in his profession. I will absolutely be using his services again!
5	HOLY CRAP! Ok I'm a mother of two and my kids destroyed my car it had apple juice,root beer, ice cream, coffiee, pot roast, PEE! And to top it off my daughter turned into the exorcist and vomited all over the back and the front! So I cryed a few days than I found jay's. So he got all the stains out he did the tiers and some how all my sun warp black trim on the outside looks new!!!!! Nicest guy I have met words can't explain how happy I am and his prices are amazing oh did I mention he came to me? Yep yep! thank you soooooo much!!!!!!
5	Just had my E-350 van cleaned by Jay. I could cry I'm so happy. With five kids and what they had done to it I didn't think it was possible for the carpets to get that clean. It's like I have a new vehicle. Good price and excellent service. Will definitely be calling again.
5	After vacating renters from our home and discovering the nightmare of a mess they left in our home, we called Jay to come and clean some mattresses in our home after our tenants moved out. We thought they were ruined until Jay came and left them spotless! They were like brand new again! We learned about all the services he provided and were so pleased with his work we knew we would call him again if we needed anything. To date he has helped us with various things including grout cleaning for our 5,000 square foot home (that grout was so heavily soiled it was almost black...needless to say it is now white again), upholstery cleaning, carpet cleaning of an almost unsalvageable custom rug. His jobs are complete from beginning to end. This luxury property is now back to tip top shape and ready for rent thanks to all his hard work! He has also washed and detailed our high end vehicles--Maserati--car show presentable and Lexus' as well as our water crafts. Is there anything this guy can't do?! He is reasonably and competitively priced, incredibly hard working, OCD meticulous, friendly, personable, reliable and trustworthy (we live in California and have been able to call him to care for things even when we have had to be away from our LV property), generous with his time and knowledge, and one of the best things about him is that he is available day or night! He has been invaluable to us. We would highly recommend him for literally *anything* you need done!!
2	Paid for a vehicle detail carpet clean.   For the price I paid there was a smell that came out of the seats a day or so later. Owner said he never got calls like this stating he would come out. Upon inspection of first job worker did not clean ( vacuum or wash) under rear seats ( found mass of dog hair that was previous owner). Smell won't go away, wasn't there before, and first job was poorly done. Tipped worker 20$ now have paid another company to demildew the car.
2	I called these guys yesterday morning because I ran over a ton of paint in the road. Ended up with what seemed like a gallon of paint on my tires, in my wheel wells, and splatter marks along my running board and spects of white paint down the driver side and trunk. They came out that afternoon, took a look and sent me inside for 15 minutes. I came back out 15 minutes later and most of the visible white paint was gone. After watching them scrub for 30 more minutes, they were done.  Being tired and thankful that I could no longer see 97% of the paint I didn't take a good look at the car. I paid them $100 and went inside. This morning I go out to the car and look a little closer. They got rid of most of the visable paint but left the stuff not so visable and all the specks of paint on the trunk. I don't know about others, but I work hard and often strapped for cash. Paying $100 was hard for me, but I thought the job was complete. I can't be positive, but it looks like they used some kind of paint in the wheel wells. I'm assuming they sent me inside so the could do something to make it look like they worked really hard and then the next 30 minutes was for show. I hate confrontation so I didn't call to complain. I'll just leave this review and chaulk it up to being taken. I'll figure out how to get the rest off myself and not recommend these guys. I feel taken. Stupid me.
5	I needed to get my 9 year old car cleaned for a driving job I'm trying to get. Jay came out and did an AMAZING job. I've never used a mobile service before, and didn't know what kind of equipment they'd have compared to a brick and mortar place you'd drive to. Let me tell you, don't even worry about it. He's got a huge machine in there to extract all the nastiness out of your upholstery and carpets, unlike some of the other ones I've seen where they just kind of spray a foam on there, rub it in, then vacuum it and expect your firstborn for it. Great service, great price, great personality, and a funny guy.Like a dummy, I'd left a full can of cola on the seat one day, of course in the Vegas heat, it exploded all over the place, left a big stain on the seat and even got INSIDE the window opening (every time I've washed it since, when I roll the window down and back up, it leaves sticky streaks all over the glass, I'd even tried wedging the rubber open and pouring water in there, hahah). This was over a month ago, it's been sitting there ever since.He got the stain completely out and cleaned the heck out of the inside of the window area. Aside from a couple small cigarette burns it looks and smells BRAND NEW inside (I've smoked a lot in that car, and now you can't even tell!). He also did it for $100 less than I was quoted for at another place (which I won't name because I don't like talking trash). He even showed me a few tricks for getting some of the paint transfers off my car from when idiots scraped my car in parking lots (even got a bunch of it off for me for free!). He really took his time and did a thorough job, didn't act like he was "all business" and in a rush to go do 50 other jobs.That's rare these days, I really like that.I'll be using them every single time after this. My lease is almost up in my apartment, but when I move I'll definitely be also using him to clean my place (I'm sure he'll get me my deposit back) and also the new place!  Very satisfied, I highly recommend him!I want to go take some pics (I have to for this new job anyways) and post them on here, but I'm unsure how to.
5	Awesome service!! Called to have carpet cleaned and needed it done right away I asked if he was available the next day and he said he was available now. Jay came over within 10 minutes and had carpet cleaned within an hour. White Berber carpet came out great. New furniture put down next day and room looks beautiful. I Highly recommend Jay to my clients. He is very knowledgeable and professional.
