4	We had originally intended to stay elsewhere while in Montreal but we found Chateau De L'Argoat after we were screwed out of our intended destination.Though we were choosing a hotel by running out of the car and checking rooms/prices, L'Argoat was a perfect find. The rooms are decently cheap, but vary heavily, from an odd smaller room with an unattached (but private) bathroom (just the one room, a victim of the older architecture), to sunny, queen bed and jacuzzi affairs. It being late we opted for the jacuzzi, which still put the room down cheaper than our original booking.L'Argoat has three floors, attached by stairs. There is no elevator or handicapped ramp.The only problem we had all stay was with the heat. With the outdoors so cold, the Quebecois like it hot, and we couldn't seem to make heater go below sub-tropical. Cracking a window was a quick and very effective fix.Breakfast in the morning is simple and french, baked goods brought to order and coffee tea and juice. If you're really hungry you'll have to head out into Montreal, which is probably why you're there anyway.The desk staff were friendly and courteous, and basically run the entire place. Housekeeping is separate, but the desk staff are also your parking attendants and waiters for breakfast.The parking situation is a little house party style. You have to leave your keys at the desk because the lot out back can only fit enough cars if they park people in. We decided to trust them and they didn't ding up anything while we were there. But I could see it being inconvenient if you were in a hurry. The parking is also off of an un-plowed back alley, in Montreal. So if the forecast says snow, leave your car in one of the covered lots down the street, or you'll be extending your stay a little while while the city thaws.
5	For a belated birthday present, my best friend Wendy took me on a Canadian weekend to Montreal. She booked our accommodations here at the Chateau De L'Argoat, a Victorian-European boutique hotel. The establishment has only twenty five rooms, ranging from generally accommodating to very posh, and their prices are quite reasonable. Our room was painted a light blue on the second floor, with a view of the Montreal cityscape from the rear of the building. Canadian movie and art posters tastefully adorned the walls. There is a subway station only two blocks away, which was quite convenient. They do have a small parking lot, but its very tight. We parked our car there, and used the subway or walking for our travels The staff here is great - very friendly and helpful, and excellent at giving directions. A continental breakfast is provided every morning in the coffee room, with warm baked goods, bananas. oranges, and breakfast beverages. The maple muffin was exceptionally good. There are also several good beer houses and restaurants within walking distance. DISCLAIMER: I visited here in January of 2008, but my experience here was so good, that I felt compelled to write a review, even though its been a year. The next time I am in Montreal, this is the ONLY place I will be staying.
4	My boyfriend and I travel to Montreal on occasion, and are well aware that the city is dotted with hovels masquerading as elegant boutique hotels. Such is not the case at all with Chateau L'Argoat. We stayed here over the Labor Day weekend, in the cheapest, smallest room available (all the more money to spend on food) and were pleasantly surprised to see that the room size was more than adequate. Small bathroom, but everything was clean..except for a well-worn splotch on the comforter, but I'm not hugely fussy. The staff was very friendly and informative, plus all spoke good-to-proficient English. The parking situation was a dream, (parking lot in back of hotel, no extra charge) and the location, perfect. The free Wi-Fi was a little spotty, but no big deal. Breakfast is served until 12 each day; a server comes to your table and brings to you your order: an assortment of small pastries, juice, toast, etc are available. For two nights the total with taxes included came t0 $226 USD/244 CAD (will fluctuate based on exchange rate, of course).We will definitely stay here next time and not play the hotel gamble again.
5	My stay here was delightful.  Chateau Du L'argoat is a friendly and practical establishment.  They have a wide range of rooms and we opted for the smaller/cheaper end, figuring we would be spending most of our time out on the town.  The room was definitely an adequate size and we were treated very well during our stay.  Employees were more than happy to assist us with any questions we had about the city and everyone spoke English very well.  I also appreciated the breakfast that was served from 7-12 with table service.  (This was a good way for me to practice ordering in French since the menu was the same every day.)I appreciate that Hotel Chateau L'argoat has a pragmatic approach.  There is daily maid service, but sheets and towels are only replaced as requested.  It makes sense, really.  Why do you suddenly need your sheets changed every day just because you are on vacation?  There is a communal fridge and microwave and plates/glassware/utensils are available upon request.  Additionally, this hotel is in a great part of town!  You are right by the metro and plenty of places to wine and dine.  The hotel offers free parking as well.  I highly recommend this establishment for a stay in Montreal.  Park your car for free and the city is at your fingertips via the metro or walking.
5	so, i am typing this from my room... and I am happy!  the staff is very friendly and warm.  we got the cheapest room avail last nite and it was booked tonite, so we moved rooms to an awesome room thats a bit bigger.  both rooms are very clean.  i think the location is pretty amazing too, walking distance to most of the districts you would want to go for shopping nightlife etc. anyways, so glad i found this place online with its good reviews and was able to book a room short notice.  :)
4	I went up to Montreal to ring in the new year and had a really nice time at this hotel. It was easy find and the parking was great. I just parked in the ally behind the hotel and then gave them the key. They must have moved it a few times while I was staying there, but there weren't any scratches or anything. Also, they said I could use the car at any time day or night and that there was always someone at the front desk. I never needed the car though since the hotel was across the street from the Sherbrooke station which made it easy to get anywhere I wanted to go.The room was definitely big enough. It had most of the standard hotel stuff: comfy and clean bed, love seat, flat screen TV, etc. However, they let you borrow stuff that they don't keep every room equipped with such as wine glasses, ice buckets, etc. I went out to eat pretty much every meal so I never got a chance to test this service. It was pretty hot in the room and there was a sign that said "thank you for not turning the temperature below 20c or 72f" which I thought was a bit strange, especially coupled with the fact the thermostat only had 1-5 as temperature markers, but I just cracked a window at night. It was a simple enough fix. :)The whirlpool bathtub was nice. I'm not sure I'd pay extra for it again, but I enjoyed a few relaxing baths in the evening before bed.Breakfast was quite enjoyable. There were a few pastries to pick from, but the bagels were the way to go. I really enjoyed their sesame bagels, endless coffee, orange juice and fruit. They even had some black tea!Overall it was really enjoyable and if I go back to that part of town I'd definitely stay there again!
5	Amazing staff at the front desk and at breakfast. Free parking and breakfast. Good price. Across from the metro. Easy walk to resturants. Book it!
4	This is the hotel I stayed in when I first visited Montreal two years ago. This is a neat little Bed and Breakfast in a very central location right by the Sherbrooke metro station. The hotel is streets away from two of the most exciting neighborhoods of Montreal - the Latin Quarter and the Plateau. The rooms are moderately priced, cozy and warm, the hotel is pet friendly and the parking in the back is convenient and free. Their breakfast is amazing, you are served in this small dining area filled with goodies that you can order, their chocolate bread - melts in mouth and amazing! They are also one of the few hotels in the city that allows pets.
5	I stay at this hotel every time I visit Montreal. Its very good value and unique. I love that every room I've stayed in is different from each other. The staff are friendly and courteous. The location is great. You're a couple blocks from the Sherbrooke Metro Station, St.-Denis, and St-Catharine's, so its close and easy to get to anywhere you want.When I was there last weekend, there was a mix up with my reservation. They were very apologetic and fixed the error quickly and without inconvenience. Great stay every time.
5	We stayed at this hotel in mid-July and had a great experience. First of all, the location is  very convenient for travel by Metro ( which is fantastic in its own) or bus. The 747 bus which takes you to and from the airport stops very close nearby on Rue Berri. Secondly, the rooms were tidy and well kept, if a bit on the small side. Every morning, the hotel serves free breakfast items such as bagels, croissants, yogurt, fruit and coffee/tea/juice, which was also really convenient. Lastly, the staff was pleasant and helpful. They showed us the best ways to get around the area, recommended places to eat and held on to our luggage for a few hours between our checkout and departure. The area is a bit quiet, but great dining and entertainment are very close by. Highly recommend checking out this hotel on your visit to Montreal!
5	Driving into Canada we had no hotel reservations. Using yelp, we found this place. The rooms are all unique. Whirlpool tubs are so great after a long day of sightseeing. Hotel staff is beyond helpful. I'd stay here again and again.. And complementary breakfast was great too.
