1	A little girl sits happily for a picture with cheeks puffed up filled with food. It's fat fries and sticking out of her face. Fast forward 16 years and I'm sitting with the BF late night at a fatburger and there was no happy grinning girl here.He ordered a medium burger, no veggie toppings, add cheese, add egg, add chili. I got a medium with everything and added egg and cheese.We shared fat fries.What we ended up getting was two medium burgers with everything topping, one with egg.No chili, no cheese, no other egg. Well, I look at the receipt later and we never ordered the extra egg or cheese on mine, but we did get charged for chili cheese for the BFs burger so it was the right order for him (for the most part). I guess the extra egg part didn't get heard for his. Still, the chili cheese was he was mainly after. Two very different burgers and was the only order on the pas....really, it wasn't hard to make them correct. I think it's a lack of attention to detail since the order wasn't made right (it was dry, overcooked) and then  the burger wasn't made even to what the ticket said. Sure we can have went back to get a refire, but to go back to the restaurant and then wait again for new burgers- we didn't have the time. Went for fast food since we needed fast food. The BF was sick. When he's sick he can drive me nuts about food and when food isn't right and he is hungry and sick he gets so pissed and then makes him feel worse. What an awful dinner this was.I have been a loyal fatburger fan since I was a kid. It actually was my reward for a good spelling test in elementary since I loved it so much. As an adult, I prefer grabbing a turkey burger with egg over any other fast food burger. Most of the LV casino locations really don't care. This is not the first time I felt it was less than stellar (usually overcooked) but this was the worse service so far. After tonight, I think I am done being a fan. Goodbye Fatburger. Hello In-N-Out, thanks for being consistent.
1	This is the Fatbuger located inside Santa Fe Station. One of the floor manager told me to never eat here because she got food poisoning  once. You know why people get food poisoning here? Because this place is a motherf*cking outhouse that serves actual sh!t on a bun. They say that this place is open 24 hours. But, that's some bullsh!t. Every time I come here after 3 AM, the crackhead midget they hired always tells me: "We be closed aight!" in a very angry tone. All the lights and even the OPEN sign is still on but this loser just refuses to work.Last time I came here, the guy was once again at the register. Finally, this time he didn't tell me that Fatburger was closed. He then incoherently and almost inaudibly asks me: "Mey I be teken ur ordur?" I then tell him what I want and immediately notice that he is having a lot of difficulty typing in the order. He then starts inaudibly mumbling: "He wans a cheezbruger." Eventually he begins to obviously look frustrated that he can't figure out how to use the cash register and get my order put into the computer. After about a minute, he quickly looks up at me and says: "WE BE CLOSED!" in that angry tone of voice again. I then ask him why he originally was taking my order and he replies: "I wuz jus Playin.." OMFG! This idiot has been just saying he was closed because he was too stupid to figure out how to use the cash register. I wonder what management will do when they find out he has been doing this? Do you see the sh!t I have to deal with when in NW Las Vegas?
4	Dang, where is the crackhead ghetto speaking midget counter guy as was described in another review?  I was hoping to take a picture of said employee because it was a hot day (102 degrees) and I was ready to unload some insults at someone.  Instead, we have a cool, nice, and efficient counter guy.  Did they have the nerve to fire above midget?  Or did he leave for a better paying gig? Aw dang, normal hard working people are so...boring.  So, anyway, I settle for a medium burger with the works but no egg or chili.  My brother had the same thingI wasn't there when the previous yelpers had a bad experience.  But we clearly enjoyed ourselves. Based on those previous yelp reviews, I also didn't want to get food poisoning so I watched them make it from start to finish.  To my surprise they were actually very clean on a Saturdahy night at 7 PM.  In 10 minutes, the guy brings out our tray.  Now I am a clean table freak at time.  So of course, I had to wipe down the table we were sitting in even though the table looked clean.  I do this all the time. So I take a picture and take a first bite of the burger.  Very good...hot patty nicely grilled with a pile of letttuce, tomato, mayo, and mustard.  The bun was grilled, too which is important to me.  Who wants floppy buns?  Then I take a taste of the crispy, greasy, sweet onion rings.  Its was a 3.5 burger but 4.5 onion rings this time.  Both were just cooked and just fine.  While people in the casino said words like "Da!! I lost my money" we said, "Yum, we're gaining calories with a Fatburger fat burger" and it was good. With a soda, it's over 12 dollars, a lot more pricey than In N Out, a 5 star place for me most of the time.  This was a 4 star trek for some decent burger and 0-rings, and hope my luck doesn't run our either with the good burgers and casino if I ever gamble.
3	I have kids that bowl at Santa Fe Station in the Saturday morning leagues, and this place (aside from Starbucks) is the only fast food joint open for breakfast inside the casino. I'll admit it is a bit pricey for a breakfast sandwich (they charge .99 extra for cheese). We usually get the bacon, egg and cheese sandwich and a drink, for 3 of us and it costs right around $20. If I would get my lazy butt out of bed earlier I would definitely go through a much less expensive Burger King or McDonald's drive thru, but when you're stuck for 3 hours in the morning at Santa Fe this option isn't bad. The sandwiches are actually quite tasty. The ladies that work there are always very courteous and quickly get to work on my order. My reason for taking 2 stars is the price and lack of variety.
4	This was one of my first experiences at Fatburger and to be completely honest with you I think it is extremely overpriced and every item is sold all a cart but you get what you pay for and at this place you get a big fat juicy burger that is made with a lot of care
