3	Grade: CDecent. Nothing offensive but nothing memorable either.
4	Average Italian menu items and good service in a nice setting.  Try the steaks they are very good for the price.  Staff is also very good with children.
2	We went here on a Friday night so it was extremely busy, which is to be expected.  However management obviously didn't plan staffing well because the waitresses were in a frenzy trying to keep up.  Our particular waitress was clearly unnerved and looked miserable.  It wasn't hard to see that she didn't want to make small talk, she just wanted you to hurry up and order.  So we did.  It took a really long time for the food to come up.  We waited at least 45 minutes for our main entrees.  The food was just ok, and our waitress messed up my dining companion's order and when we asked about it she was like, "oh sorry!" as she dashed away and that was the end of that.  So the food was average, not great.The service was rushed and unfriendly.Not worth the price.
1	disappointing.server was nice and pretty attentive but that's about all good i can say about this place.we ordered an appetizer of mozzarella sticks that were pretty decent but nothing to rave over.  while we were still eating them, our tomato basil soup arrived so i had to juggle which one i wanted to eat before they got cold.  it turns out, i didn't much care for the soup so that was an easy choice.mid-way through the appetizer/soup course, viola!  our main course arrived.  i admit, it's a pet peeve of mine to get food before i'm ready for it.. so that's a big part of why this restaurant is not my favorite.however, the dishes we got weren't particularly good either.i got the spinach chicken ravioli with marinara on three and alfredo on the other three.  the chicken didn't seem quality and it was stuck in the raviolis in chunks and it distracted from the consistency of it as a dish.my beau's steak was inedible.  his first bite was gristle -- so much so that he had to spit it back out.  he only managed to gnaw through half the steak .. and i think he did that only because he was so hungry.  he asked for it medium-rare and it came so rare that, if it was me, i would have definitely sent it back to be cooked more.overally, i was just disappointed by benvenuto's.  bummer.
2	Gave it four stars last time.  Food and service has gone down hill since then.  The specials are absolutely atrocious and old standbys we used to like are lower quality.  Skip this place.
5	OK.  It is not a 5-star place.  But I had to give the 5 stars in order to offset the ratings to date.  I went there because the Isthmus Annual Manual said it had great wood-oven pizzas.  I ordered their signature Benvenutos pizza (with ingredients similar to some chain places' "supreme") and tap water.This was an extraordinary pizza.  The crust was explosive, the ingredients were pleasing  (I went to a boutique, Sicilian-personally-owned pizza place in Madison last week - - which I charitably did not rate on Yelp - -  where the otherwise-droolingly-pretty and well-assembled aggregations somehow tasted plain and  DULL - - you have to BUY good basic INGREDIENTS).The truly odd thing about Benvenutos are the aesthetics.  It is situated on a desperate strip mall, with a hideous bland exterior, that makes you think it is some pretend restaurant, living on pretentions alone.  The pretentions continue as you go to the giant counter.  And then there is this quasi-industrial interior, with huge industrial ceiling-fanned ceilings, cute semi-Vegas-italian- buffet faux-italain scrawlings on the strange pompous facades, all amidst these massive spatial proportions that are wholly intimidating, and make you think you are either in some very, very SPECIAL hallowed unknown reclusive monastery purveying mama's most lustrous home-style concoctions (which you know isn't true), or you are in the most prepostrous strip-mall farce that has ever been createdIt's a little of each, but amidst this aggregation of disparate elements, the proof is in the pizza, and the pizza is incredibly good.  A  billowing perfect crust - -  superb textures all around - -  ingredients with satisfying flavor - -  a PERFECTLY constructed pie (texture, flavor, appearance - - you name it).  Nice serrvice.I'm going back.
1	It is completely and totally awful.  The food is hideous.  Don't go there, you will thank me.
4	Good, reliable Italian food. A surprisingly nice restaurant for this neighborhood. I often order the lemon-basil salmon, done medium, and I like it a lot. Risky to order fish at an Italian restaurant, but it's mostly very good. Pizza is terrific, too.
5	I've never had a bad meal here. Pasta is always perfect, the pizza is wonderful and the calzones are huge and excellent. I had my rehearsal dinner here for a pizza party and it was TOP NOTCH. I'm still getting comments about how good the pizza was. The service for that large party and whenever its just the hubby and I has always been great. DO NOT miss the Tiramisu here!
1	The prices are extremely high, i went here tonight with my mom and i didn't even order anything because of the prices, ($15 for a plate of pasta?... Methinks not! ) my mom got calamari and it was really overcooked (i posted a picture!!) she also ordered a fish sandwich and the fish was literally half the size of the bun.
5	Easy to get a reservation on about 30 minute's notice.  Promptly seated, very attentive staff, nice but simple drink, beer, and wine list.  Appetizers, salads and entrees all presented promplty and fresh from the kitchen.  Food quality was excellent.  Very accomodating of our unruly 4 year old and slightly late guests.  Attached to the Holiday Inn and the only real problem was the dhared parking, as we were staying at the hotel and eating at the restaurant, but had trouble getting a parking spot due to another hotel event eating up all the spots for both business.  Nice but nothing special in atmosphere and surroundings.  Would definitely go back for the food next time we are staying in the hotel or a nearby hotel, but probably would not go out of my way just for the food.
4	We go to Benvenuto's a couple times a month after work for drinks. The bartenders are always friendly and efficient.  Such a gem to have on the Northside of Madison.
1	I wish I could give this place no stars.  The place was nasty, food had no flavor, desserts were freezer burnt, and the only thing good was the McDonald's we had after we left this place disappointed!
1	Disgusting!  I'd rather eat McDonald's over this place!
4	The food is always good.  The beers are cheap and the service is above average.  It is not the cheapest place to eat but it is worth the price.  Last time we ate there we spent less than forty bucks for two people with beers and tip
3	I've been to this place a few times, most recently at a dinner at the beginning of a bachelorette party. I think this is a very decent option for someplace on the north east side. For the party, they were very accommodating for a larger group and us adding our own decorations to the tables. The gals hosting the party had planned it with the restaurant and had a fixed menu with three options available for everyone. It worked out really nicely for our party and the food was pretty tasty. I don't remember exactly what I got but I do remember enjoying the boxed up leftovers when I was hungover the next morning. The service was very good considering we were a boisterous group of about 20 ladies. I was having an ice tea craving that day and think I went through about 8 glasses of the stuff while we were there. The two waitresses helping our table we spot on. They even allowed us to bring in our own cake and provided plates for serving it. Overall, I think it's decent basic Italian food, but really good at handling larger parties if you call ahead.
4	Expectations weren't high as I realized it was a chain but it is a definite step above Olive Garden or places like that.  I didn't feel like going out and this was the restaurant in the hotel so I figured I would give it a go.  Glad I did because they served me one of the best fried calamari dishes I have yet to have.  Excellent batter, tender Calamari, top notch really.  The Penne Supreme dish was good as well.  I would definitely try if I were in the area and would go back if I were in the same hotel and did not feel like going out.  I believe they do the room service for this Holiday Inn Suites but you might want to check first.
4	Had to wait a little bit to be seated this past time I went. But nothing to horrible. Prices are a little high but the staff is always friendly and the food always tastes really good. Will definitely go back again.
3	Benvenutos is exactly what you'd expect of an Americanized "Italian" restaurant. They've got your fresh baked bread with olive oil, a wide variety of parmesan filled or topped pastas, a bunch of red wine that doesn't technically go with your meal, and some ridiculously cheesy music that really only should be played in a movie when someone is riding a gondola in Venice. Sometimes this is exactly what you want, a definite dad pleaser for my family. Sometimes you want something that actually comes from Italy, which probably couldn't be further from the menu here.Tonight I had a six ounce sirloin with some seasoned veggies. The sirloin was medium rare as requested, but pretty charred on the outside. I suppose ill stick to pasta next time, it's what they do the most of. I also tried their chili which was good but had no kick at all. Perhaps they meant minestrone? The best part of the meal was the fresh bread. I mean that not as knock to the meal and more as a compliment to the bread. It was seasoned really well and had a nice hardness to the outside to give it an awesome texture. Great starter!The service was about as good as you can get from a restaurant that had their waiters write on your table in classy crayon. The place looks nicer than a Chilis, but when they start the meal by demonstrating your tablecloth is actually a roll of paper it sets the tone for a pretty laid back meal.
3	In fairness, I'd give a 3.5 for this place. It wasn't a 4 star place though, hence rounding down. I read reviews before going and had an idea what to expect.  My husband got the pizza and I got the pasta plus the sample platter appetizer.  The pizza was the star, with good quality ingredients and nice thin crust.  The pasta was disappointing at best.  I got the bruschetta chicken pasta which sounded really good and looked pretty. However, there was just about nothing on the plate but a huge pile of pasta.  Not well seasoned, no where near enough sauce to coat even half of the pasta.  Two measly pieces of grilled chicken.  I regretted my order almost immediately.The sample platter was ridiculously huge.  Seriously enough for 4+ people to get full.  I was unimpressed with everything on the platter, especially the cheese bread.  Not good seasoning, tasted like fake butter with too much cheese left me feeling greasy.  And I LOVE cheese.  With leftovers, we had food for 3 days.  The waiter was hard to find and didn't keep our water full.  The unlimited bread was decent with an olive oil herb dipping sauce.  I would go back for the pizza so in the end, this place is saved by the pie.
3	First I would like to start off by saying that I would have given a 4 star but they changed the sauce they use in the lasagna. I've never had a sauce with carrots and celery until now. Didn't like it one bit. Other then that this is one of the better places to eat on the north side. My wife and I love to hit up the bar for Monday night football. The bartenders here are really great. I don't need to ask anymore what I want to drink because they remember me (makes a person feel liked). Plus, I've never had a skunky spotted cow here. Don't know off they sell a ton of it or what. Beer and food prices are average. Pizza is better than average and topping taste fresh. I see people like to gripe about the name in crayon on the table. Who the hell cares! I stink at remembering people's names. I go here because it is casual.
4	We have been dining here for quite a few years now.  It has consistently good food.   The pizza is fantastic.  They don't have an increased topping charge for "gourmet" toppings like basil.  I find that annoying at other restaurants.  They do not skimp on toppings either.   I ordered basil and got plenty of it.  Not just a few pieces strewn about.   We have always enjoyed our meals here.  The salmon tasted fresh and the pasta is very good.  They have specials and change up the menu on occasion.  The service is always great.  Everyone there seems happy to serve you, not just doing their job.We have had them cater a lunch for about 50 people at work and they did an excellent job.  They accommodated for a special diet restriction without reservation.  It is not fair to compare this place to an Italian restaurant in Chicago or any other big city.  If you want Chicago Italian food, go to Chicago.   I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a good place to eat with good service.
5	Food is always excellent  service is great and staff are friendly. They have great salads and potions are large. The atmosphere is great and the place is clean.
