4	Caffe Siena is in the Holiday Inn building; it's next to Mert's and across the street from Fuel.The decor in this place is elegant, yet the atmosphere is very cozy. I had passed on this place many times in my quest for lunch because I assumed it would be too expensive and uptight. When I finally did go in, I found a moderately priced lunch menu with excellent quality.The main focus here is Italian. The pastas and pizzas are excellent, and the paninis are very large and unique. The lunch menu varies, but you can request your favorite and they will usually have the ingredients available to make what you want. Dinner is more expensive, but you are also looking at steaks, veal, and lobster instead of paninis and pizza. Everything I've had here has been excellent. I particularly like their antipasto, the cioppino, and the rigatoni with the huge meatballs.I've noticed that lately they have a buffet during lunch. It's not the same buffet every day. I've seen Mexican and Italian so far. Unfortunately I can't comment on how it tastes since I always go for the pasta or pizza.They have a nice patio area that's right on College. If the traffic is not too bad then it's a great place to relax and chat with a friend. This is also an excellent place for a nice intimate dinner. It's quiet, cozy, and not uptight at all.
4	We ate dinner at Cafe Sienna on Sunday night and, yet again, found a great place to eat in Uptown Charlotte. We were surprised to have the place almost all to ourselves, but then again, it was a Sunday night and it was rainy. We loved the ambiance here - from the outside I can see how it might be mistaken for a high priced snooty place, as a previous reviewer pointed out, and just like him, we were mistaken - it was laid back and affordable! We were very happy with the menu, which offers a great selection of antipasti, soup/salads, and entrees, which range from chicken, veal, shrimp, pasta, and fish. We ordered the portabello for an app, along with the mussels. The mussels were the largest I have ever seen! (see pic). And they were delicious. The portabello was very good and my only complaint here is that there wasn't enough of it between my fiancee and I. One thing I wasn't too happy with: the bread they bring you when you sit down. It's sliced bread, like sandwich bread! Not even toasted or anything, just a few pieces from a loaf you buy at your local grocery store. Maybe it was just because it was a Sunday, but we thought that was pretty weird. But once we tasted the appetizers we didn't even notice the bread anymore anyway. The service here was excellent, everything was brought to us on time and our server knew the menu and made great recommendations. For my entree, I ordered the shrimp with pesto over angel hair pasta - this dish alone is a 5 star dish! It was just enough, not too thick to make you feel sick after, just the perfect blend of shrimp, pesto, cheese and pasta - amazing! My fiancee ordered the filet mignon with the crab meat over it. He was happy with it, although he did say the filet was pretty mediocre, and then if it didn't have the crabmeat on top it wouldn't have been anything special. But regardless, both dishes were very good and we both agreed we will totally be going back! It's on our list of places to take family members when they visit.
2	Do not be fooled by the fancy Italian name, the trendy decor, or the other misleading reviews.  Maybe I just caught this place at a bad time, but from what I experienced, the food and service were everything that my predecessor reviewers said it was not.    If you stay at the Holiday Inn, ignore the temptation to eat breakfast here.  The waitress wouldn't stop trying to sell their 13 dollar buffet breakfast that was about on par with a complimentary hotel breakfast at a Laquinta Inn.  I asked for a chocolate milk, that's right, chocolate milk, and the waitress said "we have chocolate milk at the buffet."  Get over the buffet lady. The hash browns were soggy, the coffee cost 3 dollars and wasn't even good, and the bloody mary was completely bland and cost as much as a meal.  My meal was supposed to be hashbrowns, eggs, and bacon, and they forgot the bacon.  When i confronted our mumbling non-english speaking waitress about this, she went over to the buffet and put 3 pieces of stale bacon on a plate and brought it to me.  I hope you get the picture, don't waste your time.  It's not not terrible.
2	I work in the building that is connected to Cafe Siena.  There are literally hundreds of people who walk right past this place to other places to eat.  Today I found out why.  After looking though yelp for a new lunch place I found Cafe Siena and was reminded how close it was.  The menu looked good.  I went downstairs and went in.  Noone greeted me, so I walked up to the bar.  No bartendar,  but a couple people sitting at the bar having lunch.  I sat for a little less than 10 minutes browsing on my phone.  No greeting from anyone, it appeared that the staff was actively avoiding eye contact with me as they flitted about.  Finally I gave up when I saw another patron irritatingly having to flag a waiter down to get his check. Noone tried to engage me on the way out the door.  So I went down the street to Cosmos, which is awesome.  They greeted me, took my order and had me taken care of quickly.  I suggest you do the same.
3	If you're looking for a lunch buffet uptown this isn't a bad place to stop in and check out.  They have a different style buffet for each day of the week.  I think Monday's and Friday's is pasta which I have never had.  Tuesday thru Thursday consists of Country, Mexican, and Italian buffets.  I've had the Country, Mexican, and Italian and by far the Italian is my favorite.  It's your typical buffet style food and it's pretty good but not over the top.  Although I will say that the Chicken Piccata on the Italian buffet on Thursday's is awesome!  I think the buffet's typically run $10.95 which includes your drink.  All in all not a bad buffet if your looking for a hardy lunch uptown!
3	Since the closure of Therapy has caused us to keep our eye out for hidden martini locations we popped in to Sienna Cafe on our way to Cosmos.  There was an infused martini special and it was worth the stop.  As previously mentioned in other reviews, it was pretty dead in there on a Saturday night around 7PM. That said, you can take your pick of bar seating, lounging around on some comfy couches or opting for the small patio in the back.   If you just want to have a quiet conversation with some friends or you can't get a group into some of the other more packed places for happy hour, I'd say stop on by and take advantage of the drink specials.I can't say I'd commit to a meal here until I tried some small plates or appetizers first.
1	Not to be a negative Nancy (for those nanc-ily-named ladies, no offense) but I was not impressed.  We arrived early for our reservation (not needed) and were seated.  The waitress came up with the typical... "may I get you fellers some drinks" and we were well on our way to a great evening.  After about 5 minutes or so, she returned to ask if we would like to order, knowing that we were waiting on the rest of our party.  I thought it was interesting that she would ask that...  and by interesting, I mean sufficiently awkward.  How do you respond to that anyway?  "Oh, yes, I'll have the special and when our friends arrive you can get their order when you bring us our food"  Second... for the price, the food was just ok...  Steak and shrimp, means, steak and two shrimp...  It was cute...  something I would expect from the kiddie menu...  The pasta that I ordered was ok...  swimming in oil and other than some EVOO there wasn't much flavor to the overcooked penne.   The desserts were proportionately small and the tiramisu was dry, dry, dry!Finally... the check comes around and the currency exchange takes place... Naturally, the group we were with began conversation only to be interrupted by the waitress to ask if we were done signing the credit slips!  I honestly can't believe that we were asked that!  The other couple of (non yelpers) still hadn't signed there slip!!!  So, Caffe Siena, I'm not a fan.... sorry :((
3	Walked by Cafe Siena for 4 years before I heard that they do relatively cheap buffets for lunch. I've only been here once on a Wednesday for their Mexican buffet. Was told to get in before 12 so as to beat the crowd and so we did... was seated immediately as we entered the cafe.Everyone seemed to load up on the soft tacos which were great. I had more than enough beef and shrimp tacos... lets just say I didn't do much work after lunch. :)I have to stop by on other week days to check out their Italian and International buffet lunches.
5	went to panthers game and stayed at the holiday inn,,, too tired to look for that cheechee restaurant we wanted to eat at and just stayed at the hotel for dinner,,,, we were extremely surprised at the quality of the food and especially the service,,,, went back for brkfst... it was fantastic as well.... go there!!!
4	Caffe Siena provides the catering and room service for the Holiday Inn City Center in Charlotte, NC. I ordered room service two evenings and lunch one day and the food was prompt, hot, and quite tasty. The salmon salad and the field greens salad were both very fresh. I also ate the pork tenderloin with mashed potatoes and green beans and asparagus. The pork could have used just a touch more of the mushroom sauce, but overall I would order it again.I absolutely can't recommend their service enough, though. My food arrived quickly and everyone was so nice. They were also willing to accommodate lunch orders for my training event which meant the food was hot and ready when we took our break right at noon.
4	Went here for appetizers with friends last week. The sea bass cake and slaw is awesome!!Ordered 2.  They are $10 each-but at the end of both I was stuffed as if I ate a full meal.  Calamari was good not too bready, very light, and crispy.  Very large portions for the calamari. Also has the trio dip(artichoke,crab and shrimp, corn dip)-very good and again good size portion.  Inside is very nice, we got good service...probably because we were the only customers on a Thursday night(go figure).
4	I wasn't sure what to expect because a lot of the reviews were pretty lackluster. Overall I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by my experience: Service- Luis ( I believe was his name) was a soft-spoken man who needed a little  lesson in confidence but overall was kind and did an ok job. He brought me a sample of wine which was nice, though I had to ask for the wine list, and we had some pacing issues with the service. Atmosphere- Very casual and a bit outdated...you could easily tell it was a Holiday Inn restaurant. We walked in and noticed it was smoky (something burned earlier) and they had all the doors open so combined with the open kitchen area it was a bit stuffy/hot in there. Food- I enjoyed my tuna appetizer and my filet was absolutely delicious as it was seasoned and cooked perfectly..The dessert was a disappointment, a COLD nutella crepe lacking gooeyness...boo.  The pacing of the meal was off,  we arrived at 8pm to a fairly empty restaurant and we did not leave until almost 10. I know some meals take a couple hours, but we sat breadless (though the bread was delicious when it arrived)  for the first half hour and our dessert sat on the table for a bit. Food took a long time to prepare - we noticed this from the open kitchen Caffe Siena earns a solid 3.5 (the food being the primary star earner in this case). Since food trumps all, I'd be glad to return here.
3	Admittedly, Shauna and I were at Caffe Siena together for restaurant week and we usually have very similar opinions on food/service so I apologize for any overlap.  The quick and dirty review - food was exceptional, service was mediocre and the environment was uncomfortably warm and lackluster (though not terrible).  As my appetizer I ordered the baked eggplant - and wow - I almost wish I could have ordered it for dinner.  It was a generous portion stuffed with fresh mozzarella and a light tomato sauce.  I honestly thought nothing would outshine this starter but the sea bass was a flaky, tender and flavorful delight.  It was topped with thinly sliced vegetables and sat on a bed of potato gratin topped with a most delicious lobster sauce.  For dessert I tried to be "good" and ordered the mango-berry sorbet.  I did indeed get sorbet. And it did indeed taste like mango-berry.  Not much more I can say on that.  As for the service, our waiter was very sweet but the timing of our experience was not very good.  Our reservation was for 8 PM and we didn't leave the restaurant until nearly 10 PM.  We also sat with finished entree plates for a notable length of time.  Perhaps my biggest complaint was the temperature.  If you have not been to Caffe Siena before, the kitchen is viewable from the restaurant.  It's a large cut-out in the wall and the prepared food is actually placed on a visible counter for the servers to pick up.  Now anytime you decide to combine the kitchen and the dining room it's super important that the heat coming off the kitchen is tempered by a solid A/C system.  I'm not sure what was going on but the front door of the restaurant was propped open, the ovens were going full force and by the end of dinner some of us were sweating. The smell that came out of the kitchen also permeated into the dining room so it smelled like I was standing over the frying pan for most of the night.  My clothes also smelled after leaving. If you've ever worked for a restaurant before, you'll know what I'm talking about!If Caffe Siena could match their ambiance and service to their food, I'd be a recurring customer - no doubt.
1	The place reeks of burnt cooking oil. I went for breakfast. I ordered the one egg option with a fruit bowl. the fruit was obviously not fresh and looked gross. Waiters are nice but service is very slow. I would never go there again due to the smell of the place which made me sick and the food quality is poor.
4	I can remember when restaurants that occupy space in hotels were places to avoid and not at all sought out by the foodie crowd.  Since that's no longer a barometer by which to determine where a good meal can be found, we checked out Caffe Siena and were pleasantly surprised.  We were a group of 7, seated in the back room, treated quite well by staff (Jenna was great!), and most importantly, the food was great.  As a nice start, the staff was kind enough to bring out complimentary apps - calamari and Mediterranean Meze (hummus, avocado puree and caponata).  Both were good - and good sized portions as well.  We also ordered the Lobster Mac & Cheese Terrine (loved it but could have used a bit more salt) and Sea Bass Cake (nice change from the usual crab cake). The best was the chipotle slaw served with the sea bass - delightful flavors and I wanted to use a warm roll to sop up the juices but using my best table manners, I deferred (drats!).By the time the entrees arrived, I was a bit stuffed but onward and upward anyway.  Entrees ordered by the group included Roasted Pork Tenderloin (my choice and it was tender, flavorful and worth going back just for this dish), Chicken Marsala (heard this was quite good), Veggie Paella, Frutti Di Mare (looked amazing and our buddy was totally into this dish).  Clearly I missed an entree or two but I was too focused on my own dish to look up. If I could change one thing and offer up a suggestion - enhance the wine list.  Not very much there; the wines were adequate but nothing special.  We did order wines but were unimpressed so the overall dining experience was just a tad diminished as a result.  Caffe Sienna - we really liked you and I'm going with 4-stars.  See you again soon.
3	I ate at Caffe Siena on January 21st for Charlotte Restaurant week.  I always like to try new places during restaurant week and our group of 4 decided to give this place a try.  The menu looked good and we gave it a try.  We were promptly seated and greeted by our servers (one was training that night - though at times it was tough to tell which one it was).  We were given the restaurant week menus as well as wine menus.  The wine menu was fairly short and nothing really jumped off the page at us.  I asked about beer selection and was disappointed that they only carried the standard domestics and imports.  Many restaurants around Charlotte have begun carrying more craft beers, but this one is behind on the times.Two of us had the sea bass cake and the other two had the lobster bisque.  The sea bass cake is touted as "award-winning" and while it was good, it wasn't anything fantastic.  The lobster bisque was a bit underwhelming with the amount of lobster included, though flavor was good.I had the duck breast as my entree and thought it was cooked very well and was accompanied by a nice port wine reduction.  The cous cous and vegetables were somewhat bland and only made better by combining them with the sauce.  Everyone else had the filet and grilled shrimp and they all cleaned their plates.For dessert I had the creme brulee and it was ok, but a little over done on the top.  It should be a nice brown, not black on top.  Everyone else had the Nutella crepe and I think they were a little disappointed with it.The service was mediocre.  The waitresses were prompt with our food, but weren't real knowledgeable about things.  For example, I asked her to validate my parking and she signed the ticket.  I figured this was not right, and asked the host about it and was given proper instructions on going to the front desk (it's in the Holiday Inn) and have them scan it.  I would expect a waitress who is training another waitress to know something like that.
4	I ate breakfast there and I had the buffet. They had the eggs, bacon, potatos, bread, orange juice, hash browns. So overall I was impressed considering it was the Holiday Inn restaurant. The service was good, I was great as soon as I showed up downstairs and they took care of me with orange juice as well as water.You got your breakfast and fruits right downstairs from where you are staying and its very convenient. I personally liked it and I recommend you taking advantage of the good services that the hotel provides.
4	Food was very good.  I was surprised at how good it was for a hotel restaurant .   Service was excellent.
3	The hotel gave me a coupon for a free appetizer with the purchase of an entree when I checked in on Sunday. It wasn't late but I was too tired from my flight to venture out and look for a restaurant so I stopped by Caffe Siena before retiring for the night. The restaurant was small and it was not busy at all. There were a few people sitting at the bar and only one table occupied when I got in. There was no hostess but the bartender noticed me as soon as I walked in. I took a seat at the bar but the bar is too high for me to be comfortable. Yes, I am short! So I took a seat over by the window. It was nice and I was able to people watch. My server Donald, came a few minutes later and filled my glass before rushing off to do something else. He came back a few minutes later and offered some suggestions on appetizers and entrees. I was eyeing the sea bass cake and was glad to hear it was his favorite dish. I ordered it and was pleased. It was a tad dry but the coleslaw that it was served on top of made up for it. It was nicely balanced. Had this not been free, I am not sure I would have ordered it for $12 a piece. It was a very small portion.For dinner it was a toss up between the lobster ravioli and the sea bass. I know. I know. I love sea bass. What can I say? However, I didn't order either of the two. Apparently, the ravioli is not made fresh in house. They order it outside but make the sauce. I already had the sea bass cake so I decided not to do that twice in one night. Donald advised that the evening special was a 12 ounce ribeye for $22. That sold me. Not only do I love sea bass but I also love a good ribeye steak. The steak was pretty big for me so I had to take over half of it home. The steak was served with a fresh mix of green beans, broccoli and carrots on top of some mashed potatoes. the mashed potatoes were chunky and garlicky. That's how I make mine at home so I really liked it. I liked how the vegetables were not overcooked and still retained their crunch. The steak, on the other hand, was a little overcooked and got more salty with every bite. I ordered my steak medium rare and it was well at best. I want to come back and try their lavender creme brulee with some after dinner coffee.
1	Service is brutal. Walked in there on an afternoon for a drink, coffee, and a bite to eat. As soon as we walked in a waiter gave us a puzzled look and said "yes?"It was our first time there... Def did not feel welcome.Then we waited another 5 minutes before we could be seated. At this point the patron:wait staff ratio was 1:1.We ended up not getting food and just overpriced, subpar coffee. The staff gave us the vibe we weren't wanted... So we left quickly... And won't be back.
4	My first time trying out this restaurant and I surely do not regret it at all.Went to the place with colleague from work, for some reason I complain about the lack of good lunch places in Charlotte downtown . The ambience was great , it was quiet and clean unlike other places here which allows me to have a conversation without raising and screaming to compensate for the background noise.For lunch, they had a complementary salad and dessert buffet which is definitely a BIG plus. The salads were also pretty good. For entree ordered some pasta which was pretty good too.The option of selecting the size of the entree is also a plus. Overall, a great lunch / date place.
2	I really wanted to like this place, it looks very nice with the table cloths, right on the street, perfect for people watching and the small and regular sizes of wine....But it went downhill from them.  While our waiter was very friendly he was not very good at his job.  We went there early, about 630pm and were the only people in the place.  The waiter came over and offer us drinks, all was great.  I really liked that I could get small size of wine (4oz) and double that, the typical size cost just double (no savings for larger size).They brought some strange tasting rolls and oil with balsamic vinegar but the oil was rancid, no doubt about it.  When the waiter finally came after chatting with the bartender I said could we please have some butter, I think the oil was rancid, he said of course, brought some butter and left the oil on the table.We then had our salads, tasty although a bit tart and our entrees, vegetable lasagna, not the best but edible and trout, very fishy, not fresh with asparagus.   The waiter never came to check on our meals.  He then sent the busboy to clean our table who very politely asked if I wanted a box when he saw my place almost full, I said no, that the fish was very fishy, he didn't say anything, just remove the plate.We didn't dare try the desserts, maybe that is the good part...I wouldn't recommend it.
4	We stayed at the Holiday Inn in Charlotte City Centre and Cafe Siena was the restaurant on-site.  We went to make dinner reservation and asked about breakfast and the manager gave us a free appetizer for dinner.  We ordered some appys - lobster mac & cheese, mediteranean dips, calamari, and a seafood pasta but with a white wine garlic sauce.  Quite good.  We liked all that we ordered.  Good service at dinner.Breakfast buffet is $14.95/person.  Includes juice, coffee, fruits, yogurt, cottage cheese, biscuits and gravy, scrambled eggs, sausages, bacon, waffles, french toast, and made-to-order omelettes. Not bad.  Service was a little sketch here but it's OK.
2	They seem to be struggling from an identity crisis. It's called caffe Siena so you think coffee house but no...it's an Italian restaurant. After getting over the initial shock, the meal was mediocre at best.  Nothing really wowed us and we were really looking forward to our date night.
2	Met coworkers for breakfast while in town on business. I'm not a big breakfast eater & I guess I didn't think we would actually stay for a full meal. I got a coffee and bagel with cream cheese. The bagel was toasted enough but left the inside of the bagel soft. I was disappointed with the coffee. I had such a cappuccino high from the day before at Not Just Coffee (), but this cup of joe seemed to have more water than coffee in the cup to me. I would give them another shot for lunch or an afternoon snack, but it would not be my first choice to stop in for coffee.
4	I happen to work in the building next to Caffe Siena and go fairly frequently for breakfast with colleagues to catch up and sometimes for lunch.Good food, great service, reasonable prices.
4	We went there for NYE dinner.  The surf and turf was excellent. The service was fast and friendly. They have a 20% coupon for checking in that the manager says is rarely used.  With the coupon, the prices are fair and worth the trip.
3	Food was a little rich for me, but my kids loved it. The service was excellent--efficient, generous and friendly.
5	I can't get enough of the Frutti di Mare: possibly the best I've had anywhere. For the price, it's the best deal on the menu. Love it!
4	I went to Cafe Siena for lunch with a few colleagues of mine. Our server was very attentive and pleasant. I got the hummus veggie wrap and it was good. I also got the crab soup and was not disappointed one bit. The portions are large. They also have a salad bar and make your own pasta bar at lunch sometimes. It wasn't over the moon amazing but it was definitively a solid choice and I will go back.
5	Great Food. The lobster Mac and cheese here is awesome. I've had to opportunity to eat here dozens of times and as long as you stay away from the simple stuff their food is great.  Some of the best steaks uptown ! The cooks are great and awesome staff. Courtney the manager candice the bartender and tamika the server always make my day.
4	decided to come here for charlotte restaurant week. i was throughly impressed!!! i had the steak a friend had the duck and another friend had the sea bass. everyone enjoyed their meal. the only complaint is how small the venue is but this particular night it wasnt crowed so it was not a problem for me at all. if you are going to go make sure you park in the holiday inn parking garage where they will validate. i wish i had known this prior. this is a very nice place. great food. great service.
3	My boyfriend and I ate here with a group of friends Saturday night for restaurant week and although we've walked past the restaurant several times this was our first visit here. We were the first to arrive out of our party so we ordered drinks at the bar. It took FOREVER. One glass of wine and a whiskey cocktail should not take very long to make. Our party sat down and received water in the time it took my boyfriend to get our drinks and close out the bar tab. There were probably three other people at the bar.We ordered our appetizers, entree, and dessert at the same time which is fine. Makes things go more smoothly during the busy times of restaurant week. I got the mozzarella caprese salad, braised beef short rib and the tiramisu for my dessert. My boyfriend ordered the she crab soup, roasted duck with Apple cider and foie grassland the raspberry cheesecake. My short ribs were good..extremely tender. But let's be honest, I ordered it because it came with mashed potatoes. The entree was good, not amazing. My boyfriend's she-crab soup was probably the best thing I had next to our desserts. Overall, it was an okay restaurant. Our waiter was nice and the kitchen was very quick about our dinner. My only complaint is that they had a problem with fruit flies. They were a few flying around us during dinner. Pretty annoying.
3	I visited during restaurant week and while the food was good, the drinks were so-so and the restaurant was about 1,000 degrees.We tried the (award winning) sea bass cake, eggplant napoleon, she crab soup, sea bass entree (which I understand is on their regular menu and is fantastic), and filet. The one negative on the entrees was the flavorless julienne vegetables with the entrees, but I am guessing those were just for restaurant week? I would hope. Desserts of lavender creme brulee (though more than a little burnt) and raspberry cheesecake were good.We tried a few cocktails, none of which were great. A simple cocktail (vodka/soda with a splash of grapefruit) took about 15 minutes to receive and because of the heat, all the ice was just about melted once it made it to the table. Overall, the food was good and service was fine, but I can't imagine why they didn't notice sweaty diners and do something about it before we mentioned something at dessert.
5	We went for restaurant week.  Started with an awesome cocktail and the food was amazing.  Short ribs and rabbit was our main courses both were amazing.  I highly recommend this establishment.
5	I am visiting from NJ spending some time in Charlotte for the week.  were given the wrong menus at first (simple mistake seeing it was 4pm). We were immediately corrected by our lovely waitress, Autumn! We told her what we liked and her recommendations were SPOT ON. The eggplant appetizer was so incredible, we ordered a second. The prices were so moderately priced, I was shocked that our plates were so FRESH! So all in all, really great food for relatively cheap prices. Sweet and helpful staff, and great drink specials. Thank you, Cafe Sienna!
5	Omg! What a great place. Autumn, Eric, Daniel  and especially  Arlina are the best! We got the best service ever. Both ladies helped us get where we were going with our baby. Xoxo ladies! Until next time!
5	There are few times when you find the perfect place to relax and grab a drink. This is that place!!  Arlina and the rest of the staff were amazing!  Would recommend this place to anyone!
3	We had a group of 6 people for a business dinner on a Wednesday night.  Generally, the meal was pretty good.  I liked the she-crab soup and the salad looked very fresh.  Meal was well-paced although our server spent a lot of time talking with other servers at the bar (the place was almost empty).  I had the steak which was a little overcooked.  I'm not sure why they bake it in the oven rather than throw it on the grill though.  The asparagus was just right and the lobster mac-n-cheese good too.  We didn't stay for dessert so I can't speak to that.  This wouldn't be a good choice for a special evening but it was just fine for the occasion.
