4	The Chicken Box is awesome!  This place totally rates up there with Price's and it has better hours and is much less crowded.
4	Pretty Pricey for Cheap Eats. I think my Chicken with a Sweet Tea was $9.50 or so...But the food was good and I went with my Friend who's Black and a cheerleader at UNCC. So, I got a lot of weird stares being the only semi-white guy there with the hottest girl in the restaurant.  haha good times
5	Great prices! Good food. I love the Talapia, coldslaw, and brocelli casarole.  The owners are always around, helping out serving and making sure things are going well with customers. Close to Downtown and right around the corner from NoDa. Love this place.
3	I agree w/  a previous yelper who says this place is not really a bargain. It's definitely a solid 4 stars on the food itself, but you typically can't get out of the place for less than $10-12 at lunch. I've had fried chicken (on par with Price's), fried croaker (bony as hell, but delicious), gizzards (best thing on the menu...why do I love the texture of those things) and country fried steak. The extensive side choices (mac n cheese, broccoli casserole, pintos, collards, stuffing, etc) are phenomenal and one could make a meal on sides alone. The staff is pretty accomodating, but I'm guessing everything is cooked to order, so it's not a great place to go if you're in a hurry. Other than that - I wish that you could do 1/2 stars on here - because they are closer to a 4 than a 3.
4	Area kinda shady...but best fried chicken in the city by far. Great prices also, I always recommend it to anyone who ask about chicken or soul food.
5	I looooovvvvvvee this place.  When you step into the door you might as well loosen your belt a notch or two, it's time to get your grub on.  Here's my list of the GREATS at Chick Box: 1) Fried Chicken; 2)Fried Tillapia; 3)Fried Whiting; 4) Collard Greens; 4)Mac N Cheese.  Wash it all down with a cold lemonade. AAAHhhhhhh!!  Don't forget desert, coconut cake or Sweet Potatoes (Yams).  If you miss mama's home cooking you must try this place.
3	I'm going to need the Chicken Box to step it up a notch.  My last couple of visits were just ok, but they've always been inconsistent so I guess I could be blamed for continuing to go back.
4	The food at Chicken Box continues to satisfy my hungry tummy.  As we usually do, we ordered meals to go; the dining room was empty and there was no ambiance to speak of.  We all ordered whiting - how can you go wrong?!  It did not disappoint.  Three huge pieces, although I would have preferred just two and a bigger scoop for the vegetables (yams - not overly seasoned, probably healthier; cabbage, and pintos and rice).  Everything was made to oder and quite tasty!  I am glad the restaurant has been able to weather the econmic storm and is still in busy.  When your stomach is crying for something to eat and you are in the area - go to Chicken Box!
5	best fried chicken in charlotte.
5	Oh Chicken Box, how I miss thee...... I haven't lived in Charlotte in over 5 years but yet and still I still crave this place and refer others there. It is good quality food so that is why I keep coming back for the same ole same ole. My favorite is their 3 piece wing dinner. I like there collard greens and their hushpuppies. I also like there sweet tea, although I think its their crushed ice I like. I also love that the food is made to order and always hot. So kudos to Chicken Box, and if you haven't tried it go!!!!
5	Husband and I went there for dinner to go. Fried chicken was great!
5	I drove by this place so many times not thinking much about it, until a friend from out of town wanted to try some southern fried chicken. I am so glad that I stopped by this place on a whim. They make the chicken to order, so expect to wait for about 15 minutes if you don't call ahead. The chicken is so crispy and the meat is incredibly moist. I love this chicken more than Prices' because it's less greasy. They have a drive-thru window that is for pick-up only, so your best bet is to call ahead and just drive up. I love love love this chicken!
4	One of my favorite spots in the "Queen City". Family operated (maybe not officially but.....)This isn't a place to go if your lookin to get your stomach full and eyes full of pretty lil trinkets and pictures. GO TO AN ART GALLARY...but.. if you're in the mood for some GOOD MOOD FOOD... travel on over to Chicken Box.They have EV-ER-E THING.OX TAILSCHICKEN FEET (HUH???)GIZZARDSFISH (FILET OR BONE IN)BURGERSRIBSSALADS (I THINK)HOT DOGSLIVER (RICE AND GRAVY)SHITerlingsand too much other stuff... From the small list above.. You should be able to gather that its probabaly nothing that they DON'T DO. Friendly service, prompt.You place your order and they will call your ticket number once finished. OR... they may walk it out to your table. When you go inside.. the whole wall behind the cashier is the menu. YES... THE WALL!!GOTTA LOVE IT!!!GO enjoy... if you don't like it... there is a Burger King across the street that has ummmm fresh fries!!Cheer's
4	I've definitely had hit or miss days from Chicken Box, but overall the experience has been largely positive. On the miss days, the chicken is a little greasy and the fried livers and gizzards are almost rock-hard. On the good days, this stuff is the best fried chicken and fried livers/gizzards that I've had in the area. My dad has been taking me here since I was really young, and I've always loved the liver snacks. It feels so bad for you, but when they cook it right, the liver is still a little soft and the batter is nice and crunchy. The gizzards have more often than not been overcooked, but I've had really good gizzard snacks before. The chicken is well-cooked and the crispy skin on the outside is artery-clogging goodness. The best part is that you can get a super meal deal for about $5, and get some sides, too. That's usually what I get and you can't go wrong with the mac and chese and okra as sides.
5	If you were in NoDa, you've probably driven past Chicken Box and never even realized it.  If you ever noticed Chicken Box, what probably caught your attention is how many cars are out there!  That's what caused me to stop by the first time.  The parking lot was so insane that they had 2 people directing traffic outside!  I actually found a great recommendation on yelp and ended up calling in my order from the parking lot.  By the time I drove past the window, it was ready.  Hands down though, they sell the best friend chicken I've ever had IN MY LIFE.  It's pure soul food / comfort food.  With their chicken dinners you get several sides, it's almost too much to contemplate.  Biscuits, hush puppies, amazing collard greens, mac and cheese.  It's amazing I've only been there twice.  It's an adventure though, it's always bustling with people and you have to be a little aggressive to get your order in, but it's well worth it.   Love.
5	Best soul food..... Ever. Great ppl too. Gizzards and everything else on the menu is amazing.
4	Having just finished a Know Your Farms tour and watching cute little chickens cluck all around in open areas, of course I had to make a bee line for the Chicken Box Cafe!  The fried chicken here is 6 stars.  It really is incredible.  Moist, tender, just the right amount of salt.  The side dishes are only 3 stars.  So when you average 6 and 3, you get 3 and that's why I gave it 4 stars.If you like fried chicken, I'd recommend getting a box of it to go.  And if you visit right now, they're also selling Barack Obama cookies.  Yep.  I picked up a box for my brother-in-law, who might be one of these voters who is "undecided".  I guess the candidates are so similar that it's hard to tell them apart.  Uh... anyway, the President wants you to check out Chicken Box Cafe, so be patriotic and DO IT!
4	First-timer and I ordered fried chicken to go.  My plan was to head home, take the meal out of the container, lay it all out on a nice plate and leisurely make my way through the chicken, mac and cheese and cabbage.  You know - like a normal person.  But NOOOO!Sigh.  I got in the car and started driving when the smell of the chicken completely overwhelmed me.  I could not help myself. One hand on the wheel, the other digging around in the box pulling off random pieces of chicken to eat.  So good!  Seriously, I couldn't stop myself.  I'd like to say I didn't rip open the cellophane covering the plastic fork at the red light just so I could taste the sides, but I'd be telling an untruth.  Yep, I did that too.  Next time I'll try to pace myself.Thanks Chicken Box for making sure you added a couple of napkins to the bag. I needed them.  Really, really good chicken!
4	You have to look past the appearance to have a great experience here. You won't find a lot of  frills and stereo typical sit down restaurant decor, but man do they have something more important, FLAVOR!  I used to think that an uptown diner had the best fried chicken in town but, i was mistaken. I got a two piece white with two sides. The chicken breasts where ridiculously juicy  The mac and cheese reminded me of the extra fattening goodness that only someone that learned a recipe that has stood the test of time. They have fried everything and I love it.  If you want something good off the grid then stop by the chicken box and enjoy the south at its best.
5	I'm not sure about the area this place is in since I'm new in town, but the food is amazing. I had fried chicken and it was the best I've ever had. Even the side items were good. They had things like Chittlins, Pig Feet, Oxtails, stuff you don't find anywhere else.
5	I can't say enough about this place, it is my go to for all things southern. Polite, fast  service, excellent food and portions what more do u need
5	I love the Chicken Box!  It doesn't look like much from the outside, but it is sooo good.  First off, the staff there are so pleasant and courteous.  Second, the fried chicken is just the best ever.  The sides are excellent.  I usually get mac and cheese and green beans.  The food is ready and hot in just a few minutes.  I always say I'm going to try something different, but the chicken is just so good, I haven't ventured past that on the menu.
5	This is where it's at.  The best soul food in town.  Prices really cater to working class folks.  I love the food and service.  Family oriented and great atmosphere.
3	Great food. Great price. It looks a bit sketch but it is worth the food. The workers seemed friendly.  There was a guy selling DVDs at the door which was a bit nerve racking however the food was great.
5	Closest to mom and granma's cookin from back in MY day i've had in the city since i've been in Charlotte, all was well , now I had two meals delivered by wewillgetit.com , so I did not experience the inside of business but even if they hang from the rafters at least the food is OUTSTANDING!  NEXT!
5	I love this restaurant...there is nothing that I haven't tried that I did not enjoy. Which is really hard for a restaurant to maintain when they have a large menu. Everything always taste fresh. Love it!!
5	Have you ever heard the term, "so good make you wanna slap ur momma?" This has been our post church brunch spot for a few months now. It's usually so packed we don't get a chance to eat inside, at least thats what I tell my wife so I can catch the football game lol. I recommend you eat here at least once in your life because one taste will have you ordering twice
5	Was actually in town for a few days on business from Atlanta, a co-worker recommended this place....and I am VERY glad he did. I called in my order and went to pick it up, I ordered the chicken and fish (flounder) dinner  and a slice of lemon cake. DELICIOUS, the fish and chicken were both seasoned very well, not too salty but just right. Also the sides I ordered, broccoli casserole and mac n cheese were delectable.  Customer service was awesome, wish we had one in Atlanta. Next time I come back to Charlotte, i'll be sure to drop in again.
4	Well, this was only my second visit to the chicken box and.both times I left with a fullness in the stomach and an air of satisfaction. The fried chicken was second to none, and once a complement of hot sauce was applied,  heavenly. The collards and corn bread was hot, well seasoned, delicious. I had to dip a fork into the candied yams and should note that the only disappointment there was that I ate them all so quickly  there was no more.  This is a rather simple setting, not my " take a date and impress her" on the esthetic, but if she is just looking for some good, near down home cooking that would leave you with a burp and a smile, this could be the place......
2	Having a taste for some soul food and reading the previous reviews, the family went there for dinner last night. I had high hopes for the quality but I was disappointed. The sign said, "for when you miss ya mama's cooking" but I have to confess, my mother did not prepare macaroni and cheese with velveeta, nor did she make candied yams from canned sweet potatoes. . And that struck me right away. The cornbread was good, although a bit dried, giving me the impression that they were from a day earlier or so. The tilapia was well seasoned and so were the chicken wings, although both were a bit heavy-headed on the salt. I felt like this place was "the place to go" back in the day, but the home cooked soul food has clearly corners cut and that impacted that slow cooked taste that soul food usually renders.
4	This place hits the spot on a Sunday afternoon! Like the previous reviews have mentioned if you're looking for hot, fresh well seasoned soul food...this is your place! I ordered the three wing dinner with pinto beans and rice and cabbage. The chicken came out pipping hot and was very well seasoned! I was hoping the wings would be a bit larger but overall they tasted delicious! Both the rice and beans and cabbage were delicious! I'm looking forward to trying several more sides including the  mac and cheese, broccoli and cheese casserole and collard greens. And of course I want more of that fried chicken!
4	This place is so good!!  The fried chicken is juicy but not greasy.  The Mac and Cheese was baked and on point.  And the collards was delicious.  And they give you a big plate.  It was definitely sleepy time when I was finished my food.Also, I was told by the staff that they do not use pork in any of their side dishes.  Good to know if you don't eat pork (like me).  I have to eat here again!
4	One of my fav places to go for chicken, greens and Mac and cheese!
5	Price's Chicken Coop was challenged Tuesday, really challenged - for the title of Best Fried Chicken, according to my tastes anyway. I've had this place on my food bucket list for quite a while, but Charlotte can be such a pain in the rear traffic wise (just getting in and out of town) that I'd kind of put off going here.But Tuesday, we selected 3 places to visit and this was one.This restaurant is located in a less than stellar area, and the it looks like it was formerly a fast food place of some kind - even had a drive thru area that is a complete state of disrepair.The bright yellow top section of the building is hard to miss.It is in fact a fast food setup - you order at the front, pay, get a number, and await you food. The time to get that food is not really fast food style, it will take a little longer than that - which is why there are a lot of call in orders for pickup. There is plenty of seating here.They have the full soul food menu - Pork Chops (Fried or Smothered), Fried Seafood (Shrimp, Perch, Croaker, Flounder, & of course, Whiting), Meatloaf, Chicken of all manner (Fried, Smothered, Baked, BBQ, Gizzards, Livers, & FEET!) BBQ Ribs, BBQ Pork, Oxtail, Beef Stew, Pigs Feet, Chitlins Turkey Wings, great soul sides, a few sandwiches (including BBQ Pork, Fish, & of course, Pork Chop), and an array of home made desserts.We chose the 3 Wings Dinner with -  Mac & Cheese, and Collards ($8.35), and the BBQ Pork Sandwich ($7.50 or so). The chicken was absolutely outstanding - perfectly fried, perfectly seasoned, with an amazing, thin crust exploding with flavor. You could just eat the skin and be in heaven. Can't say that it is better than the chicken at Price's, but it very well may be the equal, and getting in and out with your food is a little easier here.Both the Mac & Cheese and the Collards were superb, as well, and also perfectly seasoned. The sides with the dinner are small, really small - so this is not a real value meal, but if you are too concerned about the cost of this food, you've pretty much taken your eye off the prize. The BBQ Sandwich is rather pricey, but it is huge - loaded with tender, smokey pulled pork with a nice BBQ sauce, with a touch of sweetness - this is not the typical NC style BBQ Pork, but it is outstanding, in its own right. We also chose a piece of Cream Cheese Pound Cake, which was very, very good.Not the cheapest place, not the greatest area, nor the greatest ambience - but this is outstanding chicken, outstanding soul food. Oh Yeah, we'll be back - traffic or no traffic!
5	Exceeded my expectations! I had the fried chicken. It was tender and not greasy. The yams were tasty. Sweet but not overbearing. I will definitely visit again when I'm in the area!
3	1st time there. Ordered 3 wing dinner with black eyes peas cabbage & slaw. They gave me 4 wings because the wings were tiny. The peas & slaw were good. I did not like the cabbage. Cashier was nice & friendly. I went at lunch time. Taste like home cooking. Has a large menu. Good if u do not want to cook yourself. Has true soul food. Maybe next time l try the smothered pork chops or neckbones & rice.
5	One of the first things my son ever read out loud was the sign outside of Chicken Box. He wanted to eat there, and I was a little put off by the exterior. A friend recommended that I give it a try, and I owe that friend gratitude forever. The thing about Chicken Box is that the appearance is not fancy, but the food is AMAZING!!! Breading on fried chicken, chicken tenders, etc, that is the perfect crisp, seasoned to perfection. Melt in your mouth perfectly sweet cornbread. My personal favorite is the fried chicken livers, and they are the perfect crisp and breading on the outside, amazingly seasoned, and the liver is melt in your mouth tender inside. Not overdone. This is very important. The sides are to write home about. Cole slaw is the perfect crunch, just a touch of sweet. The potato salad is so good, I can't describe what makes it special and original, I just know I can't leave a bite of it on my plate. I could list about ten different sides that I have tried that I love, from greens to yams to fried okra to broccoli casserole, the list goes on and on. The only thing I don't like about Chicken Box is honestly how hard it is to decide what you want to eat because everything is so delicious and mouthwatering!  Whenever we ask my son where he wants to go, he always says 'Chicken Box!' Oh son, I concur, I concur!
5	Great food! The chicken and sides are great. The Tryon location is run down but the food is super. Try the broccoli cheese casserole and pound cakes.
3	Price's beats this by a mile.I wanted to love this place - I wanted to not have to huddle in my car after carrying Price's magical white box down the street like I stole it. I wanted to sit down and eat, dammit! But it won't be here.The place is a dive that offers a TON of stuff. We ordered the 2 white piece chicken meals with 2 sides and my son got the 10pc wingettes. We chose Mac n cheese, mashed with gravy, fried okra, sweet potato casserole and hush puppies. The Mac was very,good, okra the same. Sweet potatoes were in chunk form - nice treat - and had a syrup instead of the usual streusel. The hush puppies were classic too-heavy-for-their-size balls of wonderfulness but nothing new.The mashed potatoes were ice cold.Think about that.Why weren't they fresh? Why wouldn't they be screaming hot considering they were drowned in a very peppery gravy (a tad too peppery and I love the stuff).The chicken was salty, crunchy and overcooked. The wings were little things, fried like the bigger things, no sauce. Peppery. My kid likes spicy so I'm hoping they didn't dumb it down for him, which happens a lot.All of these things can be laid at the feet of a bad cook just wanting to watch the game on a Sunday afternoon (4-ish). Maybe it's banging any other day, any other time except for THIS day when it was dry and salty and meh.I don't want that. I want chicken still sizzling with grease popping off crunchy skin that makes your eyes roll. I want a fresh biscuit or roll, cole slaw, tots - all packaged already. I'll even huddle in the car awkwardly trying to nom nom without making a complete mess.I want Price's.
2	Greasy overpriced food. Mac and cheese boring, bland, no flavor . Yams were   from the can. Chicken livers were  fried hard in old smelly grease, that stank up my whole car.  . Cake dry boring I dont believe it was home made.  . Umimpressed and disappointed,  I won't eat here again.  Its  definitely not like momma makes it.
5	Chicken ALWAYS done right! Fish! Outstanding! The green beans and cabbage are fabulous just like the cornbread! I've had them cater two events and the food is perfect every time! I love the food at The Chicken Box! Oh and when you cater an event the smoked BBQ chicken is amazing!!!
5	I love chicken box! Great food, delicious flavors! All of the food tastes very fresh, their fried chicken is SOOOOO GOOD. The prices are good for the quality of the food and there is always a server there going around to all the tables, making sure that everyone has what they need. The people who work there seem genuinely nice.
1	I stopped by the Chicken Box to grab lunch today.  I hadn't been there for a long time, and I was really excited about getting some of their fried chicken, mac & cheese, and collard greens.  When I pulled into the parking lot I noticed a big sign hanging down from the roof proclaiming that the original owners were back and it was under new management.  I hate to say it, but the original owners have really messed up a good thing.  When I went inside the huge menu board that listed all the amazing soul food side dishes were gone.  I guess the new management is trying to just rip off Price's by having the only side dish be mediocre coleslaw and bad tater tots.  The real shame is that they obviously changed the fried chicken recipe.  Does anyone know where the old managers went?  I need more of there home cooking.  This new chicken box cafe is terrible.
1	This is no longer The Chicken Box Cafe.  Old owners or new owners, it wasn't very good. The fried chicken wasn't crispy or seasoned like before. They were out of Mac and Cheese!!! Where I used to come in and place my order and go, this time others got their food before me and I had to ask where my order was.  Very disappointed.
2	The original owners are back with the OLD name Chicken Box, menu as changed.  It was empty when i arrived around 6 pm.  Half of the menu was handwritten and taped on the front of the registers, and some of the menus items were not listed but in the system (i.e kids plates, you have to ask.  I ordered chicken breast dinner with two sides and kids plate with one drum stick, i had to order another for a dollar, mac&cheese, onions rings are a side but extra.  It cost $17.00 (1 chicken breast/2 drums sticks.  It took approx. 25 minutes.  One more thing I forgot..THE CHICKEN BREAST tasted like it was dropped into a bowl of SALT, very high sodium content.
