5	I chose this optometrist because he was close to my house but I was pleasantly surprised at how thorough and kind he was. I've been to a lot of optometrists over the years and this one actually saw me on a Saturday which worked out great  for my schedule and he was super helpful and friendly.
5	I made an appointment online with Dr. Jordan last week (super convenient btw!) and was seen the next day for my exam.  After unsuccessfully trying a couple of other optometrists in the area, words cannot describe how relieved I am to have finally found a good eye doctor and staff that I like!  My exam went smoothly and the doctor explained things to me in a way that made me very comfortable.  I have been wearing glasses and contacts for a VERY long time, and he was the first doctor to suggest contacts for astigmatism.  What a difference it has made in my vision! After my exam, the very nice ladies up front helped me pick out a new pair of glasses that I absolutely adore now.  Overall, I was completely satisfied with this office.  The place is very professional, clean, and welcoming.  I highly recommend them to all of my friends and fellow Yelpers!
5	Today I had my appointment with Dr. Wess Jordan at the Lake Mead location of Optic Gallery. I am very pleased with the service that was provided to me all the way from scheduling the appointment to the selection of frames.Scheduling my appointment was extremely easy. I found Optic Gallery while looking through my insurance's list of in-network providers. My insurance provider showed that Optic Gallery had online booking available and I used that option. The online booking takes you to a 3rd party website called ZocDoc. From there the online booking was extremely easy and straight forward. I was able to see what days and times were available at a glance and was able to quickly pick a date/time that worked into my schedule.After my appointment was confirmed, I was also able to download all the new patient forms ahead of time. There was no need for me to have to show up 15mins prior to my appointment just to fill out paperwork.Once I got to the office, the atmosphere was very relaxing and the office was very well laid out and welcoming. You are welcomed to various designer frames and instantly know you will not have a problem finding frames that will be able to match your style.As soon as I walked into the office I was greeted by one of the very friendly office staff who was already expecting me. They had my new patient file already to go and since I had filled out all the forms ahead of time, check in time was minimal.While I was waiting for my exam, I noticed one of the office staff assisting a young patient learning to put contact lens in for the first time. She was extremely compassionate and patient while the young patient got the hang of correctly managing her contacts. This put me at ease and foreshadowed the quality of care I could expect to receive.During my exam, Dr Wess Jordan listen very intently and let me ask all the questions I had and bring up all concerns that were raised to me by previous Optometrist. After doing a very thorough patient history he did the various eye exams to cover all of the concerns that I had raised. He was very informative about my current vision, the concerns I had raised, and the various options I had to correct them.Once all my options were provided to me, they allowed me to make my own decision and wasn't pushy to take any route that was not in my best interest both medically and financially. He really was concerned with what was going to work with me.When it came time to pick frames the same lady that was helping the young patient earlier assisted me in picking out my new frames. There were a large selection of frames to choose from, but she was able to narrow down my selection and explained how certain types of frames would work better based on my style.At the time of check out, she broke down each out of pocket cost and explained exactly what my insurance company was going to cover. There was no sticker shock and I knew exactly what my money was paying for. I don't feel like I paid for anything that wasn't actually done.I highly recommend Optic Gallery to anyone looking to have an eye exam done. They are a one stop shop and their patient care is top notch.
5	Everyone here was so friendly and helpful. I went in to see if they accepted my insurance, which they did, and was surprised when they asked if I wanted to see the doctor right away. Top notch service! The doctor was very professional and I really liked him! He made sure he answered all of my questions before finishing the exam, I didn't feel rushed. My experience was so great and I am glad I found my new eye doctor. Great office!
5	Dr Jordan is the best!! He actually took the time to figure out my correct prescription! (The previous dr I saw about 2 months ago was terrible!! So I had to do another eye exam only after 2 mos!) He encouraged me to ask questions and was very patient trying to figure out my vision! :) though his office is way too far from me, its definitely worth the drive!! My dr for life!
5	The staff is very warm and friendly. There was no wait time, to be seen by the doctor, when I came for my appointment. The doctor was fast and efficient and I only spent 30 min getting my eyes checked and picking out frames. The lady at the desk is amazing and super supportive when it came to choosing frames that looked good.
5	I came here for my yearly eye exam. Was very happy with Dr. Jordan and his staff. I will be back next year!
5	My husband and I found this doctor on yelp and we're glad we did. I was seen within fifteen minutes of my appointment and had my glasses picked out within the hour. The doctor was very professional and attentive. I got my new glasses within a few days. I couldn't be happier. I would recommend this office to anyone looking for a new eye doctor!
5	The staff went above and beyond. Jennifer @ front desk was able to squeeze me in for a same day appt., was patient explaining my insurance, & even fixed my old glasses while I did my paperwork. Dr. Jorden was very knowledgeable,  answered all my questions,  considered my financial situation for my glasses/contacts, and came up with healthy solutions.  The girl that did my eye exam and Cindy who helped me purchase my glasses were extremely friendly and professional.   I would highly recommend Optic Gallery based on my 1st impression.  They definitely will see me every year as a regular customer.
5	It seems to me that the optical business is often a shell game. But I did not getthat feeling here. Dr Jordan was terrific. There was no hard sell and they had the glasses ready when promised the next morning.
5	I love this place. My first visit to this location is 2012 and they have been awesome since day 1. I see Dr. Jordan. He is such a nice person and he seems like he genuinely cares for his patients. When I first signed up to get contacts I had a lot of sensitivity and eventually found out that I was having a allergic reaction to the silicon.  Dr. Jordan was very caring and ordered me all different types of brands until eventually I found the pair that worked best for me.I would recommend Dr. Jordan to ANYONE. He is the best. P.s they have some very nice glasses there. I found my favorite pair or Gucci glasses and I get compliments on them everywhere I go!
5	Very easy to get an appointment and you get 1st class service all the way through.  We won't go anywhere else for our eyeglass/contact needs.  I can't say enough "nice" things without sounding paid. LOL
5	The staff is very friendly and personable. I was able to make an appointment within 1 business day of me calling to schedule. This was my second time seeing Dr. Radtke. I saw her for the first time at a different location and when I realized she had moved to this location, I knew I had to move too. She is the sweetest person and she gives you a thorough exam and explanation.  She is very friendly and actually remembered me!! I highly recommend this place.
5	Excellent optometrist! I highly recommend Optic Gallery in Summerlin. The staff here extremely pleasant and provide excellent customer service. Dr. Jordan is GREAT! He is very friendly and intelligent. I could tell he really wanted me to understand my eyes and he asked me numerous questions most optometrists tend to glaze over.My glasses were ready in just a few days and when I picked them there was no trouble at all. Place itself is tidy and clean. I am making this my optometrist from now on.
5	Dr. Jordan is an excellent optometrist! He is very knowledgeable and is able to clearly explain everything you could want to know about the health of your eyes. Everyone at the office is extremely friendly and helpful. My appointment went smoothly and I feel confident that my eyes are better off for having visited Optic Gallery Summerlin.
