4	The nicest Residence Inn I have stayed in thus far. Very Impressive.
2	It's a Residence Inn, so by and large you know what to expect- a living area with a sofa-sleeper and a bedroom.The reason I typically stay at these when I travel with my family is that we have a three year old. That means I can count on a decent hotel with a door I can close so my kid can sleep and I can watch TV.Not so much at Uptown Charlotte. The door not only didn't close, it didn't fit the frame.  As in, somebody with "Hoyt" stitched over his pocket would have needed half an hour with a plane to get the damn thing to close.  In addition to that little gem, the guy in the next room decided to conduct business with Bombay at 3am. We listened to mellifluous Hindi for damn near two hours.  I don't blame him, everybody's gotta earn a living, instead I fault the hotel. A guy should be able to make phone calls/watch TV/quietly murder someone next door without waking other guests.I would probably have ranked the place higher had they decided to come through for us on customer service, however the manager, although a nice guy, only offered to move us to another room for the next night.  Um, we're checking out this morning, genius.  I'm really glad you are going to get right on the problems I pointed out to you, but kinda underwhelmed that your thanks for pointing out your inadequacies is all I get in return.
4	Ah.  Now that I've officially moved out of the residence inn I feel a little better writing a review about the place.  Not that I have anything notably bad to say about it, to do so before just seemed in poor taste.Now I lived in the RI for about a month and a half, compliments of a relocation package from DX's company.  So while we got a weekly bill and could see what was being charged, he just ended up passing it along to HR.  What do you get in a RI suite?  Queen bed, pullout sofa in the living room.  Maids come each day and change the linens if you put the little card on the bed, and change the towels that you put on the floor or in the tub.  They often forgot to leave me some dishwasher detergent, which maybe wouldn't have mattered for someone working most of the time and eating out but I did a lot of cooking.  So if you're the jobless plus one spouse or domestic partner in one of these scenarios, prepare to make a few front desk calls about supplies. Nice things: complimentary beer and wing, fruit and cheese and other kinds of buffets throughout the week.  Breakfast every day. Um... we had TVs in the living room AND the bedroom, I guess good if a family is staying there?Things to note: the place gets packed during weekends in the fall because it's just a hop skip and a jump away from Panthers stadium.  So if you had a quiet breakfast during the week, prepare to wait in lines for your coffee to be refilled during football season.  During the game they'll have a tailgating party in the lobby area for the poor schmucks that didn't get a ticket.  Also quite close to the Charlotte visitor's center,  the Mint museum of art, Duke Energy, Wachovia and the new Amelie's French bakery on Tryon.
4	We had a nice stay here. Staff was very friendly and the room was nice and quiet with a good view of the city. I would say it was a good value.
2	Booked the penthouse for a night on the town, in the town. Upon arrival, we were promptly greeted by plenty of construction for the new Knight's ballpark, making getting there a challenge. Once we found our way to the entrance, the clerk at the desk decided that the phone call - possibly a personal call, possibly a take-out order - was much more important than our business. Regardless, we eventually made our way to the room, and it was nice in appearance. Not over-the-top or anything, but nice for a Residence Inn, and nice for our night out.Unfortunately, the thermostat is the "hotter and colder" variety - not much different than the kind that used to be mounted under the window, it's just now on the wall. Is it really that much more to have the kind you set an actual temperature? It means that throughout the night, it gets way too hot, or way too cold, and makes for an uncomfortable night.There are two televisions - one in the living area and one in the bedroom. The one in the living area works with the lineup card, while the one in the bedroom has the digital assignments, such as 76-0010 and whatnot, meaning you can't find anything (including HBO), so if you want to actually watch a show, you'll probably end up watching on the hard-as-a-rock sleeper sofa in the living area.If you have to flush the toilet (and many people prefer this option), you lose all water in the bathroom. Not most, or even a particular temperature. It's gone. Not forever, so don't be completely alarmed. But for a few seconds, water completely stops. Not sure if this is unique to this room, or to the 11th floor, but it is a bit odd.The hot breakfast is, well hot, but the offering wasn't the greatest. In fact, some other quick-serve, business-style hotels offer a better service and they are only deemed "continental". If you go to an Embassy Suites, with their made-to-order breakfasts, it's much, much better.All-in-all, we had a passable night, but I'm not sure if I'd stay again.
4	Stayed here while in Charlotte for my conference and it was very nice, one thing I love about staying at Residence Inn's is the nightly reception with wine, beer and snacks. The breakfast buffet was fresh every morning and fully stocked. The room was very big and the two TVs were great. What else can one ask for in a stay. About a 8 min walk to the convention center.
5	I'm giving this five stars based on my expectations of Residence Inns, not the Ritz. It was a great hotel for the price--clean, updated, friendly staff. The best part of my stay was when there was a hiccup with a shipment coming in my name that made it after I left town, the staff was super helpful in remedying the situation and went above and beyond.
5	Great location, great staff, amazing room. We had a large suite with a full kitchen (and I mean full), living room with pull out couch, recliner.. bathroom vanity was large, bathroom was large and everything was extremely clean. Would definately reccomend staying again.
2	Good location. Terrible front desk staff & way over priced. The front desk staff was not interested in helping me checkin. She kept answering the phone even though others were there. We had an issue as when I booked via my phone it didn't say there was a $75 fee for a pet. We left. Made a one night stay $325. Ummm you are a Marriott not the Ritz
