3	Built like a sports bar and connected to the Hospitality Suites hotel.  Pretty good food, not many beers and good price.  Not much character but good for a coupla cheap drinks and watching sports.
4	Small bar attached to a Hotel. The drink prices are circa 1985. All bottled domestic beer seems to cost only $1.50 and all draft beers are about 2 bucks. Three giant TV screens at the bar with all the games possible including NFL package. Bonus on this night was very cute blonde bartender. Looks like a tougher working class crowd at night, sprinkled in with hotel guests and snowbirds. Decent menu that might get tried at a future time.
1	If you enjoy being lied to your face about the position you will be working as well as being paid half of what you were told you were going to be paid; then please, by all means work for this company.
1	I came here for the complimentary free breakfast from Hospitality Suites but learned the true meaning of free shortly into the meal.  I walked into the restaurant and the sign says wait to be seated.  Only took the hostess/waitress 12 minutes and 33 seconds to notice I was there, her texting addiction seems to be a distraction.  Breakfast you only have 6 options, nothing a foodie would want you complain too much for its free.  She took my order and returned the food literally 3 minutes and 13 seconds later.  The eggs, sausage and hash browns were under cooked.  The eggs were still as if they were just broken out the shell type runny (clear type, not over easy).  The sausage was not cooked all the way and cold in the middle (looks they tried to microwave it).  The hash browns were cold on the outside and frozen in the middle (felt as if I was chewing on a potatoe ice cube).I asked for a second glass of water but she failed to bring it to me.  During a time frame of 15 minutes and 42 seconds she was asked 2 more times for water but she said she was working on it.  Again she went back to texting and ignoring the guests.  Finally got my water after I got up and walked to the machine myself to get it. I would never recommend this place to even my enemies.
