3	"Oh HELL YA!!!" with a double fist pump in the air.  That's what I thought when someone handed to me a lunch menu of Anna's Garden, Hong Kong Cuisine.  It's been a long time coming...  Vegas is in need of a good Hong Kong style cafe serving some yummy Cantonese fare.But is it too good to be true!?!?  Ahh, Yes!  The food offered at Anna's Garden is deserving of the highest honor that the Cantonese language can bestow on any object that is sold; yao peng, yao leng (translation:  It is cheap.  It is good).  And that, my friends, is the story of Anna's Cantonese Oasis.
4	This place is awesome! The menu had a great deal of variety to it. They had a lot of traditional Chinese food and Hongkong/house specialties. The prices were not bad either. They were actually quite affordable. The restaurant was surprisingly big and spacious inside. The service was great with a warm and gracious smile. I checked the lunch menu and it looks really promising. This place is probably one of the best Chinese restaurants that I have recently dined in. In the words of General Douglas MacArthur; " I shall return".
1	Owner is cheap and dishonest. We ordered a set for 10 people. The order is one of those dinner set for 10 people. it has 8 different dinner entrees and we added an additional one. The menu said there was fish, but the what we got was a cheap plate of vegetables stir fried with 4/5 slices of fish (that's not even enough for 10 people). Also 3 of the 10 dishes wee the same. All three had green peas, mushroom and stir fried the same way. One was served with cashew, one with peanuts, one with some kind of other stuff. My guest were like WTF? 3 of the same stuff? just wow!also the tab didn't show the same price but a little higher. they overcharged the additional order that we put in. i say, go buffet for 7 bucks @ the South Point Hotel. Cheaper and better.
4	I totally agree with Yelper Heinz comment. Vegas was in desperate need of a HK style cafe and I've been craving it ever since I've moved here from L.A and for all of those that lives in L.A. you have something to be very thankful for. It's HK cafe paradise in L.A compared to Vegas. Anna's Garden did meet those cravings. Food was tasty and the price was not bad at all, the staff was very attentive and friendly. The decor was okay not as fancy and modern as some of those you've been to in L.A. There was three of us and we order 6 dishes and all was good except the steamed fish wit black bean sauce. Just don't order fish at a chinese restaurant if you don't see a fresh fish tank there. It was a couple of fish fillet sitting on cubes of tofu with some chinese greens, the taste was there but not very satisfying. Other dishes we had were Jellyfish appetizer, fried chicken wings, seafood udon, beef chow fun, and honey with walnut shrimp... all tasty.  You also get a house soup of the day along with the meal. I might be a regular if another cafe don't open up soon! O... they also serve dim sum all day.... have yet to try that!
5	This place is awesome! They have a large menu that will satisfy any Chinese food craving that you have! The lunch special menu is very inexpensive, only $5, and you get both quality and quantity. The food is made fresh and served hot. The rice plates, vegetables and noodles are all great. You must get a drink to wash it all down. I recommend the passion fruit green tea and milk tea boba...so refreshing! Also, you must try their turnip cake. It's the best I've ever had. Great consistency, crispy outside and overall delicious. If you're not full by the end of the meal, take a Chinese waffle to go. It's a tasty treat. I visit Vegas often and crave Chinese food...I've eaten at Anna's Garden four times in the past two weekends!!!
5	Newest restaurant in Las Vegas. Went there with a group of friends. Must try garlic fried chicken wings, pork chop cutlet and clay pot rice. Excellent service and staff.   The thing i like most about this place was their drink.  This is a cafe style restaurant which you do not see a lot in Las Vegas.  I'm from California and I'm use to seeing cafe style places.  I recommend all people to give this place a try because the food is good and the price is just right.
3	We had dinner there on Wednesday night around 9PM. The place was pretty empty. As soon we ordered, the chefs or cooks came out to eat their dinner and this waiter joined in with them. Needless to say, the food we ordered came to us one dish at a time, and the waiting time for each dish was about 5 minutes between. The food was OK, nothing fancy, service was not so good which is very typical of Chinese restaurant. Will we go again? Probably. There is just not too much choice of Chinese food around Las Vegas.
4	You can get really good and cheap traditional Chinese food here. Their lunch special is awesome! $5 dishes and the portions are the same as dinner. They have about 60 items on their menu. And the lunch special is everyday from 10-3pm. I've included a picture of their menu here.I've only been there about 3 times so far. I had their dim sum (8 kinds, $2 each I believe), which is not  great.  But my favorite is #33 House Special Fried Rice. It's fried rice with spicy garlic and seafood. It is so good!I've also gotten their Hainan Chicken Rice (#2), Beef Chow Fun (#38) and Pork Rib in Black Bean Sauce Hot Pot Rice. They are all pretty good. Because of their lunch special, it can get really busy at lunch and the service can be slow and sloppy but their great food and cheap price totally makes up for it. Give this place a try! You will love it!
2	In comparison to the last time I was here. This place sucked the big one ! Especially with the service. The servers seem disengaged from their work. We constantly had to keep flagging them down to get our order and refill our drinks. Then they got our order wrong. What a complete let down!!!!! I am not sure if I want to go back to this place again.
3	Okay so you think why the hell are you eating at Anna's Garden in Las Vegas when all these nice restaurants in Vegas are around?Well if you go to Vegas often you gotta try different places and you can't afford to eat nice meals everyday...and you definitely don't wanna eat buffets everyday....So I land here with my friend who is now a local in Vegas...The food is pretty plain HK style Cafe food much like you can get throughout Los Angeles.  So trying to compare this to the same style restaurants in LA is no comparison.  The plus side is they have Dim Sum all day long...bad thing is we ordered the spareribs to go from the Dim Sum menu and it took forever!!!!!  It almost thought they forgot about us.It's weird too their Green Onion Pancake is made outta WHEAT...what the heck!?!?!?SIgning off......
4	First impression: Very impressed! We went for the $5 lunch special. No dishonest service here, but I'll be sure to update my review if this changes.House Special hot pot ($5): Rice cooked in a ceramic bowl with chinese sausage. Tons of sausage, overall excellent. Love scraping the burnt rice off the sides.. mmmmChinese broccoli with oyster sauce ($5): Good portion. Fresh broccoli. Beautiful shade of green and perfectly steamed. Just the right amount of oyster sauce. Thumbs up. Spicy salt pork chops ($5): this sounded nasty to me, but my coworker insisted. Wow, this was freaking incredible. I'm officially hooked. Very salty, perfect amount of fry, and personally didn't encounter any sketchy chewy pieces of meat. Favorite dish of the day!-1 star for the subpar shu mai. Stick to the $5 lunch menu, avoid the $2 dim sum menu! 60+ choices for $5? Incredible! Portions were great, and at least for now the service was great as well.
3	$5 lunch menu special?  can't go wrong as long as you stick to these choices. otherwise, it's a ripoff if you venture off to the higher priced items.they do accept credit cards, but you need a minimum purchase of $20.
3	3.5 stars. This place is okay. The food was decent, but not as good as I was hoping it to be. I tried several dishes and my favorite was a duck dish. I don't know the names because it was family style and everything was already ordered by my bf's uncle. -Cold chicken with ginger sauce was delicious. This dish to me tastes the same at most Chinese restaurants.-Chicken feet soup with winter melon: good soup broth-Sea bass on top of tofu: deliciousOverall, the food was good, and the prices are pretty reasonable.
3	I go to Anna's as you can't really beat the price for lunch.  Taste is ok.  If you go there for dinner, it is pretty empty and the prices are "normal" prices.  I guess I probably would not go there again for dinner as I find there are much better places for dinner for about the same price. I think the service is mediocre, and what's more I dislike the owner.  I think she's a complete idiot and a snob.  Three times (twice by phone, and once in person) I would ask a question and get the wrong answer.   Very simple questions like, do they take a certain credit card, or like what time does the lunch special end?  She should not be answering the phones!  If the lunch prices weren't so cheap, I wouldn't go there.
4	When I think of Chinese take-out, Anna's Garden is what comes to mind. I have only been here for their $5 lunch specials and have been utterly satisfied. They have so many choices, but I really like the salty pork, chow mein, and miscellaneous fried rice. I had a few friends try it and they were quite satisfied also.Seating was quick even though I went with a decent sized group. Service was a little better than average, but they do get busy during their lunch special hours so it was expected. Drinks are not refillable; you're paying for one can.I like that they let you actually "take out" the $5 specials. But, do NOT call it that when you go there; they refer to it as "to go".I wish this location was a lot closer; I would go more often if it was.Don't forget to take a copy of the lunch special menu (paper copy version). I highlight my favorites and keep the paper in my car for when hunger strikes!
4	Went for lunch on 6/26.  Just my wife and I, but we planned to take out the leftovers for another meal too.  So we ordered a couple of the $5.00 dishes and two other things -- a whole roast duck and Chinese beef stew.  Everything was pretty good and I was not disappointed.  However, the roast pork was not as juicy and I would have liked.  I was crispy, but the meat was a little dry.  But all-in-all, it was pretty good.  I would go back again with more people when we return to Vegas in July.
3	Came here for lunch and everything was between 5-6 bucks.  Pretty decent pricing and the menu has a butt-load of selections from all sorts chowmein to your normal individual Chinese dishes. We ordered the satay shrimp noodles and naked chicken oil rice thingy(not sure what its called in english)Food was mediocre but service was quick and food came out fast.I'd give a 3.5 but right after I ate and came back to the office, I had to take TWO massive dumps, not just one but TWO.  Which means that a.) Chinese food just always gives me the shiz, orb.) Something was wrong with the food.Coworker was fine so im assuming a.)
5	My parents and I ate here twice during our 3 night stay at LV. The food was fantastic. We were intent on not over-ordering but they kept giving us bonuses! We got a nice soup to start and also had a nice steamed fish for getting more than $30 in food. The dessert at the end was also delicious: a sweet soup with little jellies.
3	Maybe the food here is just a little too authentic for your average round eye.  My palate is maybe a little more advanced than that of my dinner guests. By the reviews we thought this was maybe more like your average Anglo Chinese restaurant. Only 3 stars because it didn't turn out to be what we thought.
4	Who doesn't like a great deal?! Anna's Garden delivers great food at a super affordable price. Mid-day lunch deals are all the trend amongst the chinese restaurant competition in the Chinatown area. It's one of my family's favorite places too. $5.00 for a dish and coffee or milk tea = two thumbs up!
5	After visiting Anna's Garden a few times on 2 trips to Vegas in the last 3 months, I can firmly say 'two thumbs up'.  Each time I've gone has been a completely different experience.  (I suggest going for lunch before or after the typical lunch rush hours.)The 1st time was with a Chinese friend and his parents.  They go every week and I was lucky enough to be invited along one time.  The 4 of us ordered 8 dishes so they could take home a bunch of left-overs for the week.  Obviously, they love Anna's... mostly because it's authentic and has no MSG!   The 2nd time was with a group of non-Asian friends, English and Latin mostly.  Again, everyone really liked their food, especially since we went for lunch and most of the dishes we ordered ended up being only $5-$6 each!The 3rd time was with a mixed group of friends, some Asian, some not.  Again, we went for lunch, though this time I knew to go later to avoid the rush.  We arrived at 2pm and it was perfect.  Again, everyone thought it was delicious.So all in all, I've probably tried at least 15 dishes at Anna's in the last 3 visits.  My favorite is their pan-fried noodle with chicken and veggies.  It's the hard noodle that softens when you put the sauce on it.  I used to not like that dish much, preferring rice noodles to egg noodles but ahhh, how times have changed!See ya there!
5	A must-visit for my family when we visit Vegas. Owner and staff are very friendly. We had a steamed fish that was absolutely delicious. Their rice cooked in a hot pot is also another dish we order again and again.
3	I was delighted to find a Hong Kong style cafe in Vegas, which for a long time I thought were non-existent.  I've been here about 8 times and I've had mixed experiences.The food here is dirt cheap, especially if you order the lunch special.  You can get stuff like baked pork chop rice, curry seafood, and wonton noodle soup for five dollars or less.  They also have some uniquely Hong Kong stuff like spareribs rice noodles (jiu cheng fung) and egg waffles. I've ordered the baked pork chop rice almost every time, as it is one of my favorite dishes (not from here, but in general).  And I'll have to say the BPCR from here is pretty unpredictable.  Some days it's pretty good, and on other days... PUKE!  Puke, mainly because all the "pork chops" on the rice are fat and bones, and you won't know until you bite into them as they are concealed by bright orange sauce. This happened  a couple of times when I ordered it. I guess if you are really craving BPCR, this is one of the few places (that I know of) in Vegas where you can get it.  And for 5 dollars it's worth a gamble that you may end up with a baked pork fat and bones rice. Another thing that's unpredictable is the boba milk tea.  I also get that a lot and it's usually fine, but the last time I was there the bobas weren't chewy.   They were like cake balls.  Yuck.  I suppose it's standard for cheap Asian restaurants to keep serving stuff that's gone old or bad.I also wouldn't recommend their dinner menu.  It's "regular" priced and while it's not awful, nearby places like HK Star and KJ Kitchen have much better food overall.
3	The food at this place is decent, but nothing special.  Among the various Chinese places I have been to on Spring Mountain, I don't think this place stacks up against Sam Woo or Joyful House.  The service was prompt and courteous, and the prices are good for what you get.  All the same, I probably won't be going back.
4	Ended up here after trying to take my parents to Noodle Palace (they are closed for remodel apparently).Since it was still early (about 10:30am) my dad was starving and my mom wanted wonton noodle soup- we ended up here since they were close by, OPEN, and had a lunch special, $5.95 for most of the dishes!My mom and her cousin had the wonton noodle soup, I had the duck wonton noodle soup and dad had a pigs feet noodle dish.My mom didn't complain, which is a good sign cause nothing is as good as her's.  My dad enjoyed his but I thought the noodles needed more flavor.  He had some type of stewed pigs feet with egg noodle dish- the noodles were a little bland but nothing a little soy sauce didn't cure.  The pigs feet was flavorful and soft, fell off the bone.I had the duck wonton noodle soup.  The soup was a little bland and the wonton was also a little bland but the shrimp in the wonton was firm and fresh.  The duck was the winner here...it was moist, thick and just the right amount of fattiness.The duck was so good we ended up leaving with a whole duck to go!so glad we stopped in, the duck alone will bring me back...
4	This is the 4th time I've been to this location, and I must say, the food is kind of good. The bf and I grabbed dinner here last night and heres what we got: shrimp w/ baby bok choy, salt and pepper fish, and beef and mushroom w/ onions. Everything was deelish.Although I didn't try the beef dish since I dont eat meat, I figured my bf liked it. He gets the same thing all the time.The reason for the star deduction is because the service was turtle slow. I guess partly because a bus full of Asian tourists decided to unload and dine there and the only server we had went ape shit then disappeared. I mean the whole restaurant was completely packed in less than 2 minutes..it was quite a scene.  But I don't blame him, I probably would've gone bananas too. Overall, the food is good and I would gladly come back here again.
3	Didn't expect this is a hole-in-a-wall place looking from the outside. We went in for an early dinner on Sat. We were seated right away. Food came out at a reasonable pace, but they are nothing special. Price is average. I didn't find anything special they offer that other chinese restaurants don't in chinatown. Not sure if I will go back though.
4	I stumbled upon this place for lunch and was surprised how inexpensive the lunch menu was. My order the Wonton noodle soup and the Hainan chicken. Wonton noodle soup was just OK at $4.95. The bowl was large broth needed additional seasoning and the Wonton's lacked shrimp. I've had much better in So Cal but the Hainan chicken was a hit! The rice was so tasty, good portion of fresh chicken, yummy dipping sauce and pickled chicken may this entree a hit and all for $5.25 I'm looking forward to returning to Anna's Garden and checking out their roast duck and some other entrees for lunch or dinner.
