3	Aubrey was not the first time I had a date at Streets of New York.  (See Aubrey date at SNY on 6730 E Thomas Rd in Scottsdale.)  In May 2007, I had a date with Sara.  Normally, I love Streets of New York, but this location was not very good.  Go to any of the other locations.  The pizza tasted like cardboard.  Just kidding, it was better than Domino's!  I told her that the pizza is normally better, but this location isn't very good.  She reassured me saying it was good, which was the right thing for her to say since it was our first date.Like Aubrey, Sara was a great date as well, but she was kind of weird.  I didn't try that hard to pursue a second date.
3	I've always liked Streets but I'd never been to this location even though it's right near my home. Had the lunch special - half a sandwich and half a dozen BBQ wings.The wings were awesome - lots of sauce, cooked perfect, crunchy without being hard to eat. The sandwich was good with lots of melted provolone and a sesame seed hoagie roll. It wasn't worth the $7 because of size, but it was a really good lunch. Bonus: the sodas come in giant glass steins!
3	Meh. the hubs has a hard on for this place and I cant really figure out why. Vito's down the street is ten times better. They do have green olives, so that's a plus in my book. Its really just pretty average pizza, nothing great, but not dominos or pizza hut either.
1	Put in an order as we just finished traveling for the day. We looked at the menu and we had some high hopes. We saw that they offered a shrimp calzone. Sounded interesting....but when we called for the order, they were out of it. So we opted for an equally-yummy-sounding chicken alfredo calzone. We also ordered a dozen hot wings. Our food came within the quoted 45 minute timeframe but it was cold when we got it. Strike one for sure. The calzone was a complete dissapointment. It was totally bland and was overwhelmed with ricotta cheese. If one thing is going to overwhelm a calzone, it prefer it to be the actual associated with the name ingredients--chicken, alfredo, mozzarella, etc. The wings were just gross. I can't believe that I ever called any type of chicken wing gross, but they were. The sauce was weak and watery (or greasy) and did not stick to the wings. They were a soggy, greasy, tasteless mess. Such a ruined evening of ordered-in food.
1	Sloppy, slow, waiter wiping his nose as he brings my sandwich. Ask for a substitution to fries and for got a quick no. Bathroom outside the restaurant?
1	SUCKED/HORRIBLE/WASTE OF MONEY!!!!!!!!!     I placed a order It took a hour te get my meal and when i received it my frys were still frozen when served, my sub had hardly anything in it, a slice of meat and hard melted cheese. The wings sucked. I spent 40 bucks there. I would have been better off going to subway and long wongs then this crappy place. When I complained there was no correction for what was served. Never go there. This place is HORRIBLE!!!!
4	Great gluten free pizza and wings!
2	Food isn't good. Service isn't good. Really wanted to like it, but it's just a waste of money and time.Edit: Hi Rick, I appreciate your desire for a resolution. Not sure what to do there, I've had bad food multiple times there, and haven't been happy once. At other locations for Streets of New York I've had a significantly better experience.
1	Very little value.  We had been customers for the past 15 years.  Under it's current management it's a complete ripoff.
3	Ive ordered from here on 3 different occasions.  Ive had some issues regarding the service but the owner, Scott contacted me and made good on his pledge to make it right.  On the next order, the food arrived in 38 minutes and was hot.  Much better job this time around!   If this service keeps up I will ordering more from here.
2	Not impressed. The offer lunch specials at a great cost. I ordered a slice of pizza and 6 medium wings. Was disappointed with the pizza being super thin and hardly had any taste, the wings weren't any better they had no taste and they were super dry. I don't plan on coming back.
1	Absolutely terrible customer service!When the smug girl on the phone took my order she failed to take my address for delivery. Assuming that they had it on file, I didnt even ask.Failure one was not checking the address or even bothering to take one. After an hour and a half I called to see where my pizza was, and was told that she didn't have the right number or the right address. I could hear a guy in the background telling her to tell me she tried calling but had the wrong number.Failure 2 and 3Even if I wasn't lied to about them trying to call, its hard for me to believe that the caller ID couldn't have been matched to the order time to get a correct number.The food has never been much more than convenient. But mediocre food and craptastic employees just lost me for good.Don't give them your business.
5	This is my first experience with streets of New York. Gotta say I love the Mediterranean pizza and the workers were EXTREMELY personable and helpful.
1	I can definitely say that I have never been so anxious to write a review (positive or negative). The experience hubby and I just had was one of the most ridiculous ones we have had in awhile. So hubby got there first and placed order for us at 6pm (we were in time crunch so made note of the time to be sure we had enough time to order a pizza). I arrived at 6:15 & he had still not received the drink he ordered and said that the servers and manager (which turned out to be the owner and makes this experience even worse!), had walked past his table many times and never brought his drink or offered bread like they did to all other tables. When I sat down at the table, no one ever came up or asked to get me a drink etc. This place has about 7 tables with our table being next to cash register so clearly we weren't unnoticed. I asked the owner if he could get his drink and expressed that it had been 17 minutes. The owner doesn't offer to get the drink or apologize, but makes an irritating situation worse by saying sarcasticly "oh it wasn't 16 or 18 minutes?!" & begins to laugh at me. I could not believe it. I asked if he was the manager which is when he arrogantly said he was the owner and I said well, that's worse. I am a business owner and first of all would never speak to a customer in a condesending or sarcastic way and certainly not because a patient customer politely asked for the drink they ordered almost 20 min prior. He literally walked away rolling his eyes and laughing at me when I was speaking to him. I hope that this review saves other pizza lovers from a dinner that is ruined by poor service and an owner who treats his customers so poorly. It literally ruined my night. I don't know what the reason was why my husband was totally dismissed or treated different from the other customers. Nor do I know why the staff also did not want to greet me or get me a drink, but at the end of the day, those things were just small annoyances we would have totally let slide if it weren't for the owner's comments and actions which are completely inexcusable. There are too many other restaurants with hard working business owners who have integrity, for us to have to support a place that doesn't treat their customers with respect.
5	Wow, tough crowd of reviewers 4 this place which I don't understand as all my experiences here have always been 1derful whether Dine~in, drive~up window (yes' they have 1 4 pick~up orders) or Delivery!    I've been going 2 this place since a dear friend of mine introduced me 2 their lunch special back in my art~school days. (LONG time ago) I remember being surprised by the unique option of zucchini 4 a topping & it's still an absolute fave 4 me 2 this day! Hope they don't remove it from their menu as I'd certainly miss it.    My most recent visit was dining in the restaurant w/ a dear girlfriend early evening & we were catered 2 by a young man who gave several options 2 customize our pie according 2 my dietary restrictions. We started w/ their Artichoke Spinach dip & Bruschetta ~ Both were AHhmazing & the Gorgonzola Pear Salad was Delectable w/ it's candied walnuts, cranberries, pears, gorgonzola cheese & sweet pear dressing on spring mix greens. MMMmm!   So we both ordered a large pie w/ the intention of bringing home the rest 2 our households... well, guess it's rather self~explanatory that not very much was left & we were restraining ourselves as it was, Oops... kinda. Tee~hee! Not even much crust was left from the slices we 8 & I 'ususally' don't eat that,.. but theirs is good!   She had a Mediterranean which she Luved & they made me a KILLER Gluten~Free White Pizza w/ Zucchini & Alfredo sauce instead of tomato. I've also had their Vegetarian's Delight Cold Sub, Eggplant Rollatini Pasta, Classic Margherita Pizza & Pesto Veggie & Cheese Pizza which r all personal favor8s. I can also attest 2 the Baked Ziti, Cheese Ravioli & their Greek salad being pretty great when I've been in the mood 4 those. Nothing has ever been lacking in flavor & freshness of food or service so my experiences have been 5* in every way, now & even way back in the day. (Time machine not included)! ;-)
1	So disappointed!! I have ordered online from them many times. I am the kind of person who is willing to pay more for good quality and I don't mind a wait either. In fact I am an ideal customer, who rarely complains. Tonight was terrible!! I ordered my dinner through the website a little early, because I know it usually takes an hour or so for the food to arrive, though I am only 2 blocks away. My order was supposed to arrive at 6:30. At 7:15 I decided to give them a call to make sure there were no issues. The girl who answered the phone assured me that my order had just left. So we waited. At 8:10 I had my significant other call, and he was informed not only did they have no order for me, but that in fact their computer had just happened to break today. So the 60.00 I was charged through their personal website was not even on record. On asking to speak with a manager we were informed that only she and a cook were there, no manager on site. So there was no way to get my money back until I spoke with this higher up? Don't get me wrong I have a decent amount of money in my account, but 60.00 is nothing to scoff at. It's too late now to order pizza anywhere else, since we waited all night for this order that didn't go through. I am not even upset really about the order messing up, I mean things happen. I am super mad about the fact that I was blatantly lied to, when I could have made different accommodations for my evening other than waiting for food that never came.. Someone can use some training on customer service- NEVER LIE, especially if you aren't going to come through for the person!!
1	I will never get food from here again. I placed an online order for delivery and was given a delivery time of an hour. About 40 minutes later I got a call from the store saying there was a problem with the online order and they took the order again over the phone as well as my credit card number. Turns out that they double charged me, got the order wrong, and I had to wait another hour to boot. I tried to call to get a credit, and after a few days got a text that an amount not matching mine had been credited to a card ending with 4 digits not matching mine.  This was a month and a half ago. The owner won't return calls and the staff won't help. I disputed with the bank and he won't call them back so now I have to cancel my debit card to get my credit. Streets of New York you've seen the last of me.
5	With little options working in a hospital for food, it's wonderful to have such a great place to deliver. The food is great! Service amazing. Our driver brought plates, forks, the works and we forgot to ask. Thank you for providing great food and service! We will order again...and soon!
