4	This Total Wine is located in the old Linens & Things space in the Promenade shopping center.  It has a little different layout than the other area Total Wine stores, but the selection of beer and wine is just as good.   Whether you are looking for an inexpensive wine to drink by the pool or a special wine or port, you can find something for every occasion at Total Wine.  They have an excellent selection of craft beers and you can build your own six packs.
4	I went to a beer tasting last night and all of the beer was from Total Wine.  I am a frequent shopper there but didn't understand the array of beer they have as well!  The people that work here are always very helpful and very knowledgeable.  They never try to just push the most expensive bottle of wine and really understand how to pair with a specific meal.  They also have great sales!
4	Fairly easy to find in the Promenade shopping center. Very much like the other locations well laid out with a nice selection of craft beers. I don't think the beer selection is quite as wide as at some other locations, it just seemed like there was less shelf space allotted to beer. Like the other locations you won't find much in the way of hard to find or rare beers, but for readily available stuff it's a decent place. I like the fact that you are able to build a mixed six pack.
5	Santa Margarita for 17 bucks!! Really can't beat that considering it's close to 30 in the grocery stores and at target. Plus they have a huge variety of beers, which is awesome for my hubby who is a beer lover. The sales associates are friendly and helpful. They often recommend cheaper wines similar to the pricey ones I've have grown to love. I've had a lot of luck with many of their recommendations.
1	This rating is for the annoying employees who insist on trying to engage customers in trite conversation when all I want to do is LEISURELY browse before I make a purchase. If I say I am just looking PLEASE just let me!!!! I don't want to discuss my wine tastes with a total stranger!!!! OK!!!!!!!!
4	The name says it all. I'm more into the "& More" part than the wine part. I really enjoy craft beers and this place has them along with all kinds of other beers. A really nice selection of craft beers, you can create your own 6 packs. They obviously have plenty of wine to choose from as well. Lots of drinking accessories too. I just picked up a "rock glass" as a gift recently (it's for drinking scotch). When it comes to wine, beer & accessories, this is a great place to shop.
3	Meh, it's a Total Wine.  The Starbucks of the wine and beer world in my opinion.  This location doesn't really stand out for me from the rest and that's not really a bad thing but it's the truth.Clean store, plenty of wine and a beer selection that your average beer nerd will be good with for sure.  I'm a big supporter of local craft bottle shops so I'm generally here to pick up wine and will grab beers while there.
1	Wow. I wish I could give this place 0 stars, but that would not count as a review. I was in this store for a total of 2 minutes and definitely received a lasting impression. I went inside to buy a popsicle from the freezer by King of Pops. I went to checkout and the cashier was giggling. I thought "well okay, I just want a popsicle". She rang up the popsicle and asked for my I.D. I asked why and she responded "you have to be 21 to buy anything" then proceeded to laugh at my face. I have never been to this store and did not know this. I have NEVER been so insulted by an employee of any establishment (including a rude waiter I had in Italy). She did not handle this situation appropriately at all. The cashier could have been nice and give me a "free pass" allowing me to purchase the popsicle this one time, but told me I will need someone 21 to purchase this item for me in the future. She could have asked if I had a parent of friend close by that could purchase the item for me, or just politely deny my attempted purchase (and laughed about it later after I left the store). I have several friends and old co-workers that are over 21 that work in the promenade, and would gladly walk over to Total Wine buy me the popsicle. I'm so infuriated with the service I was given by this employee and so insulted that I was treated this way. My friend that is 25 asked me if I still wanted the popsicle and that he would buy it if I did. I replied "no". This establishment does not deserve any business to pay employees to laugh at a person's face, whether they are a customer or not. My mother, father, stepfather, and friends will not purchase anything from this store now or in the future because of one rude person.
2	Having been spoiled by Total Wine in Fort Lauderhell Florida, this location amounted to what was a savage karate chop of culture shock. I was taken aback at how small it is, but that was ok because my experience with Total Wine up until this point had been nothing but peachy. Things were about to take a terrible, terrible turn.(Possible trigger warning)Upon walking in, I noticed that I only saw signage for beer and wine.I asked an unfortunate looking male employee if they only carried beer and wine. His response was a sarcastic chuckle" ABC is the only place that carried hard liquor in North Carolina." Maybe a dumb question, but he really seemed like a total wiener to me. get it Total Wiener....Total Wine.......sigh.
4	My wife and I have two small boys with limitless imaginations and Red Bull in the veins energy, so we drink A LOT of alcohol.  I've been coming to this store at least once a week for the past couple of years, and have been relatively pleased with the service, selection, and the prices.They've adapted to the clientele over time too as exhibited by the store going from 90% wine/10% beer to roughly 50/50 over the past year or two - it's a sign of smart management.  Management is probably that smart because they use the $1000's of dollars I spend there to take state of the art bio-metric training courses on evaluating and satisfying customers.  Seeing as how I've spent enough money here to put the staff through grad-school in Singapore, I'd love to see some type of loyalty rewards program.  If I was racking up points for all the booze I've purchased here, I'd be swimming in a pool of cabernet on my yacht made of beer bottles.  The tip everyone should heed though, is the to get on their email mailing list.  The frequency of email blasts is tolerable and they'll occasionally run coupons making their very competitive prices even more attractive.  Not too long ago they ran a $1 off every beer 6-pack priced $6.99 and up... wound up stocking up and saving $12-$15! Can't remember the exact details of the coupon or how much I saved, I drank most of it when I got home.
