4	If you want to talk to your friends - you might want to go somewhere else.  If you're looking to pick up some honeys, ditto.  If you're looking to hang w/ your friends or "special someone" to listen to great music - this is one of the most under-looked spots in Phoenix to see local blues music.  Unless you go into the other room to play pool, there are no bad seats as seating goes out all around the small stage, with a nice sized open center for dancing.  The bar is large, and the service has always been pretty attentive.  Also - I never have problems finding a place to put my drink.  That is SO important to me in a club w/ music where you might be nursing one a bit longer than at a typical bar.  Big Pete Pearson has been really awesome there.  Our guest was actually pulled into some audience participation with him and got to strum his guitar.  How cool is that??  The location is also great - but can be so easy to pass.  It's a small building that used to be a house with sign out front, but it's blocked a bit by another building in one direction - so be sure to look out for it next time you're in the area.
4	A REAL juke joint in Phoenix?  Who knew?This place is authentically cool.Granted the red lighting throughout the club takes a while to get used to but everything else just plain rawks!.The bands play in a freakin' closet with NO stage!   I sh*t you not!They have a small dance floor, which is usually filled will all walks of life.  Just a really cool authentic unpretentious blues club.Big ups!
4	Welp.  Its unavoidable to compare Chez Nous on Grand with Char's over on 7th Ave, so I will do a dual-analysis of these spots.THE ATMOSPHERE:Char's is just a friendlier place.  Their doorman doesn't DEMAND his $5 like a put-out paperboy.  Chez's does.  Its kind of annoying and unsettling as your introduction to a night of hi-falutin drinking and lo-falutin boogieing.  Char's clientle seems to be in higher spirits and more polite as well.  Chez's are chilly.  Burrr.  If you stand in front of their seat to order a drink from the bar (because they went to go dance or something) they will let you know that you may NOT continue to stand there, even for a second.  The bartenders at both places are sweet and quick about their service.THE DRINKS:Weak at both places, but IIRC, they are cheaper at Chez.  The no-card policy at Chez is a nuisance, so Char's is preferable here.  They both serve the typical booze and beer, so nothing really stands out other than the cost (Chez cheaper) and the convenience (Char's takes card).THE MUSIC:They are both MANIACALLY cool spots for some soul-funk-blues and great dance floors to boot.  This is the main reason to but up with any inconveniences, small or large, at either place.  THE SET-UP:Just packed at both places.   If you want to come at a decent hour, you won't get a seat.  So, just forget about it.  Both buildings are pretty neat setups.  Chez is more of a railroad-style-room, and Chars more of a dance-hall set up.  Both have smoking patios, though Char's is small and quaint with tables and a busy atmosphere, while Chez's is (assuming) not complete and barren but large.  OVERALL:Char's Has the Blues AND the lead over Chez due to the fact that I can't seem to get over the vibe that I don't belong to "The Secret Club" ...shhhhh ... over at Chez.  But whatever, the drinks, music, and dancing will get me going at either place.
5	I have never felt so cool, while trying so little, as when I am gulping down martinis at Char's.This is the type of place that holds the idea of the smoky atmosphere even without the smoke. Everytime I go here I feel as though I have stepped back in time to a place where the blues are king, and the gin comes in a tub.The music is loud, the dancefloor is crowded and the bathrooms are tiny...in short this place is amazing. Hang out with the hippest of cats, from all demographics. Please do not order girlie mixed shots with silly names as it makes the ghost of Robert Johnson cry when these sorts of things grace the bars of such genuine gin joints.The drinks are simple, the music is great and the company can't be beat!
5	I absolutely LOVE this place.  It's my favorite place in the valley to hear some live jazz and blues.  They've got different types of live music playing all the time (like R&B, swing, funk, etc.), so there is something for everyone.My all time favorite band here is the Bad News Blues Band, a great swing band that gets the dance floor packed each time they are here.  I am never one to dance but they get me out of the floor every time, just something about them.  There is not a single "type" of person that rolls into this place, which in my mind is part of the charm here.  It's great seeing people from all walks of life just getting down to some great music and enjoying everyone's company.Char's is tiny and it will get crowded, so if finding a seat is a necessity I'd recommend getting their early.  The same people that worked here years ago still seem to be here, and the service is always very good.  Standard beers / wines / mixed drinks for your choosing.
4	This is THE blues bar to visit in Phoenix.Wild and diverse crowd, amazing blues/jazz bands, and cheap drinks all wrapped up in a traditional dive-bar atmosphere. A dance floor and outdoor patio complete the ensemble. I always have a blast when I visit Char's.Most weekends the place is totally packed. Parking can be an issue and the neighborhood is not exactly one of the swankiest in Phoenix..
5	They mixed me a great gin and tonic here, and I dig the decor, low red twinkle lights and a bathtub-shaped beer tap "hub." So cute I actually took a picture, and I'm not a tourist. Bathrooms have swinging doors, which I like for some reason. The band was covering classic funk, and snazzy-suited men took my money and held the door. Shirts tucked in, pressed pants and a nice hat and shoes snazzy, not "these are my best jeans" a la every other male bouncer ever employed in Phoenix. The makeshift patio space is comfortable, I get the feeling that (if it doesn't leak) it'd be awesome to sit out there on a rainy afternoon. Older clientele, but I didn't feel out of place, well, no more than at any other place I've gone. Definitely prefer the evening scene, it's just a little depressing during the day. The mark of a good night club!
4	This is one the best venues in Phoenix in my opinion for live music. Wonderfully low-lit, divey atmopshere, Great drink prices and down-to-earth crowd with no pretense or attitude. The bouncer/doorman was ALL pimped out and welcomed me with a handshake. This is really a great alternative from hitting a bar or a club. A true gem in The Valley. Only downside is parking. The neighbors don't like it if you park in front of their house-my friend was yelled at by one of them. And they "punished" me by positioning their trash cans in front of and in back of my car.  If said neighbor is reading this review, know this: Next time, I'm going to take out your stupid trash cans. I understand it sucks to have people park in front of your house, but I was not loud, nor did I puke or urinate or your lawn, so chill!
4	My husband took me here for my bday this past w/e. We went with a few other people and had a great time...minus the drink crashing to the dance floor the drunk cousin-in-law let slip! Dancing, huge variety of people, everyone laidback. I would say definitely a couple place or just a place to kick it with your friends, not to pick up ladies/gents.  I would have liked to stay here longer but we didn't :( It was great seeing the couples that knew how to dance! I will definitely be going back.
4	This place is SO fun. I went there with a friend and we had such a blast.The drinks are reasonable and the house band is amazing. They take requests and even though I am not a Jazz/Funk /Blues fan, I knew every song they played. ("Lets Get it On" "Brick House" "Pink Cadillac")The venue is really awesome inside. It is really dark and they have red Christmas lights everywhere, so it feels really sexy.Only downfall is that the place is small so it gets crowded, which also makes parking tough.I would definitely give Chars a shot. Like I said, I am not into Jazz/Funk/Blues but I had a lot of fun and the energy in there is great. Everyone is happy and enjoying themselves.
5	A creep-factor prerequisite must be "names that being with the letter 'A'" and boy, they're in abundance!Char's for Amanda's birthday was awesome!  Went with Amandra, Nathan, Kevin and Dottsy.  It was awesome to be able to walk to a place instead of driving to the other side of the Valley!This place has *the* most courteous people working there.  As it turned out, when I went to the bar to get a drink, I knew the owner.  He had a pizza place right next to my house.  It closed down and I haven't had decent pizza since!This was a mixed crowd, which always gives an extra star.  I was afraid to be the only cracker there, but noooooo.  There was "white boy in gym shorts" trying to dance with us.  Creepy Anthony (starts with an A!) rubbin' on me as I was sitting at a table.  Oh and asking me "If you're single, how do you sexually stimulate yourself?"  WTF??  Is this a new pick-up line I hadn't been told about???Drinks were priced fairly and strong (or so I'm guessing by everyone around me) and service was quick and super-friendly.$6 cover charge is more than reasonable to see an awesome cover band (which I usually hate) and actually get my white ass on the dance floor.  Yes.  Me.  Dancing.  I did the Brady Bunch thumb thing.  Or was it more like Elaine?  Whichever, I had a blast!This is a place that I will go to regularly.  I felt comfortable there, despite Creepy Guy Rubbin' On Me.
5	This place has cool seeping from its walls. Upon walking in I felt a little disoriented, my guess is by how cool this place was. Chars doesnt have to try to be cool, it just is. From the dimly lit dance floor and bar area. The christmas lights hung in a tasteful manner. Although, like every establishment in the valley, you cant smoke inside you can still see a smokey haze hang over the stage and dance floor. The band, Soul Power, HOLY FUNK!!!! YESS!!!! This place gets 5 stars... it is that awesome. My words dont do it justice. Just go...
4	Have you ever walked into a place and said to yourself "Oh... I'm going to have a lot of fun here!" It happened to me on Saturday night. I walked/stumbled into Char's buzzing off of Patron and was immediately hit by a dose of FUNKY COOL. I met Amy D, Kevin M, Nathan S, and Amanda B for Amanda's b-day, and I am so glad that I did! I walked in and was greeted by Amy. After paying a 6 buck cover and getting a skin staining hand stamp, we headed to the bar where I was greeted by a friendly bartender. I ordered a Patron drink and was told by the waitress standing next to me that a mystery man had paid for my drink. SHWEET! We headed to our group's table. On our way there, I was growled at by a very big man. Judging from his hulking size and neanderthal like stance, I assumed that grunts and growling were his only means of communication. That was until another guy growled at me on my way to the restroom!! I finally was like "WHAT?"  Ohhhh, I get it, that's the "cool" way to tell me you think I'm cute! Gotcha.... ick. Sorry fellas, if you think it works, it doesn't. Try "Hello, how are you" instead. Just sayin'.The live band that was playing on Saturday was GREAT. They played a lot of old school music that got my booty shakin! I even had to take Amanda out on the floor for a spin! So much fun! I might have to make this a stop for my b-day bash! It was that much fun!The customers of this place was a mixed bag, but for the most part very nice! I even met a guy named Robinson Crusoe... no lie! I even checked his ID. There were your average pervs, the ones who try to touch or rub on you, but with a threat of mace to the face.... yeah that was avoided easily.Char's is a little divey, but a cozy place where the people are friendly for the most part (stop that growling), and the service is great! Go there for dose of "Funky Cool"!
4	Great bar to see some of the valleys best R&B bands.  7 days a week!!! pick one(even on Sunday) you'll find great singers, good people and a lot of dancin'. Monday and Wednesdays a singer name Bam-Bam; great vocals and the band behind him is fantastic!!!!! Also  Lady J performs there and you a band called Soul Power.Great music. The only down side is the place is kinda small but it's worth it.!!!!!
5	Char's is an excellent venue for live music. It's a great mix of people (I see anyone from people in their early 20s through 70s) who are their for good music. It's also not a pretentious place, which is a welcomed change from the Scottsdale scene a few miles away. Make sure to stop in when the Bad News Blues are playing. It really picks up around 10:30pm on the weekends so stop in early if you want a good table.
4	haven't been since the late 80's..yes the 80's. This place still sounds as cool and funky as it used to be, crowded, some of Phx finest blues bands. Will be heading back soon. Should be interesting some 20 years later!
5	Anyone been to St. Nick's Pub in Harlem?  The best jazz bar in the country, at least in NYC?  This is really nothing like it, but definitely the closest thing to a great everyone's here for the music vibe, with great soulful musicians doing both originals and covers (who can actually pull off a cover of Lauryn Hill).  People dance like they feel it, not like they're being watched.  Didn't think it could happen in Phoenix. Barely a cover charge, drinks are reasonable.
5	I recently went to Chars with a friend and a group of her coworkers several Thursdays ago and was quite impressed.  I love places that are dark, intimate, and a crowd with a good mix.  I get so tired of going to the Scottsdale bars with the same people.  The live music was awesome and the lead lady singing definitely had a voice on her.  The only drawback was the guitarist was a tad creepy.  He kept staring at me and tried to grab my arm at one point to get me up on the dance floor.  I refused.  Later when I had a couple glasses of wine in me ($4.50 for a glass of house, not bad) I went up to dance and he promptly declared into the microphone, "She's dancing!" which also was a bit awkward and embarassing.  Aside from the creepy guitarist, my experience at Chars was great.  I got a good kick out of watching the couples on the dancefloor.  Everyone was having the time of their lives and there was such a good energy in the room. At first the band played some really good Blues and Soul and then later in the night the songs became more generic and R&B.  Although I know they want to cater to the crowd, I love hearing Blues so I would have liked less mainstream.  Can't wait to go again!
5	"Nobody leaves this place without singin' the Blues."  I felt nothing like Chris Parker when I set foot in Char's.  Let's just say I did not have the 'Babysitting Blues'.  The way pimped-out Doorman/Cashier was so friendly and shook Nico's hand as we entered.  This. Place. Rocks.  That is all I really need to say, but I will elaborate a bit.  I had read several Yelp reviews before going and was totally pumped.  I thought maybe I was setting myself up for disappointment believing all the great reviews.  Not a chance.  Char's was so amazing!  The band Soul Power rocked the house and we danced our butts off.  The crowd, staff, band...everyone... were clearly from all different walks of life/backgrounds and yet meshed and made the place even cooler. We took a breather on the covered patio which does NOT leak when raining as someone pondered in another review.  This is my new favorite hot spot in Central Phoenix.  I could go on and on, but quit reading this review and just get to Char's!!
3	Carvin Jones Band plays here. Does anything else really need to be said!?!
5	I am an ultimate lover of live music and jazz/blues... Char's has a live group everynight. Sometimes they have a dollar cover, but no worries about 4 quarters.  My favorite nights to go are Sunday nights. This hole in the wall jazz bar will bring you back to the olden days where the blues used to be hip on the streets. The music is great, and the performers are very experienced!!!! There is a little stage and dance floor in the middle of the club, tables and chairs all around.  I've had very fun nights there. The atmosphere is very dark, and lounge like, but the vibe is just so cool and relaxing where everyone is happy, accepting, and warm.  The crowd is made up of people who appreciate jazz/blues, and just want to relax and a good time. Although there is a dance floor, it's not like a club in Old town Scotttsdale with 30 thousand dollar millionaires. hahaThe last Sunday I went to char's, the whole group wore white, pimped out suits, and the women in white dresses. It took  me back to a jazz stage in the 1950's... Well what i've seen in movies... (I wasn't born in the 50's!!!)They have one long full bar. The prices are decent to cheap for drinks these days... I am not sure if they have food though. I usually go around 10pm.I say if you really want to experience something different, ar just love jazz/blues, check this place out.. You'll have a great time.
4	great music venue, authentic blues bar feel and courteous staff all make for a great bar. They lose 1 star because they tend to 'recycle' their acts and rarely book new bands. But they have entertainment 7 days a week!
3	As much as I love this place, I really think I'm twenty years too young to be here. I really love the genres played here and I consider myself pretty well versed in the music. I can't figure out if I'm a young person with a taste for real music, or if everyone who likes real music is older than I. I showed up on a Friday which is the night when Baddness plays. I think it was them because they played stuff from EW&F, Gap Band, Maze, and bunch of others. No blues that night, just funk. The thing I loved about this band it that I would've expected to see them in an early Jarmusch film like Mystery Train. They were a five or six piece band in all red suits with the lead vocalist in an all red, sequened coat. It was quite possibly the most badass thing I've seen on a music stage in Phoenix. A definite A plus for music and style.As far as a blues house goes, I don't really know if I'd consider this one. The Rhythm Room seems to be more up my alley and they seem to have to be a real venue for artists passing through. This definitely seems more like a dive bar/lounge for people who like the music. Again, I really want to come back to this place but I think I should wait a few more years because clearly I should've been born twenty years earlier.
4	I've been a Char's patron since before we were legal to be in there (many years ago, previous owners). It has always been a lively place with a diverse crowd of aging black hep-cats, college students, bikers, tweakers, college students, heavy middle aged white women who love black men, the ocassional tranny and Hispanic couples on dates with a sprinkling of occasional stippers/hookers. In other words - everything you would want to make a blues bar entertaining and just seedy enough to be interesting. They are one of the only places in Central Phoenix with live music almost every night of the week and the cover, if any, is typically only a couple of bucks. The place is small and dark and crowded, like a blues bar in an old converted house should be. Talent varies by night but anytime you go it's passable. Personal favorites are lady J and Bam Bam and any combination thereof, which is what you usually get any way. Wander in on a random Monday night and 11:30 and you will find music, cruising, and drinks waiting. There is a small enclosed patio up front for smoking, about 16 spaces in their lot and street parking available on the residential street, but watch the signs and don't block driveways. You can also cross 7th Ave, but be careful dodging cars. The neighborhood looks scarier than it is so don't be alarmed by a transient or two wandering down the street but they don't bite unless you pay extra. Close to lite rail as well in case sneaker pimps want to try to cross over from Central, but hopefully they won't.
4	Went with friends to see Lady J.  Awesome, totally awesome!  Reasonably priced and good service.  LOVED IT!
4	Last Saturday, I went to Char's BarBecause it wasn't very farRiding bitch on a scooterIn a mini skirt barely covering my cooterThis was my first timeWhich should've been a crimeCuz' this place was poppin'My booty was droppin'My head be boppin'Where all the ez katz are flockin'Drop, pop the collar lockin'All shades of colors hoppin'To the beats that be rockin'$6.00 was the door feeStiff drinks? Yes please!Shots of Patron I was takin'In hopes of later dirty baby makin'And even morning breakfast serving bacon?Only complaint is the restroomVery slimy, tiny, and grimyShe sang with soul and funkNothing dull or bunkDamn, I'm gettin' drunk!Singing some James BrownThe crowd was gettin' doowwwnnnNo one with a frownUp in this Blue's townI danced and got jiggyFlirted like Miss PiggyWith all this funUnder the sunI was doneBut I'll definitely be backReady to attackThis place was so coolNot at all whackEyes were closing shutBaby making, what? What?Not tonight, don't wanna to fightCan barely stand with all my mightLosing sightGooooooood night!
5	Holy crap -- venues like this exist in Phoenix? Who knew?My friends and I were waiting in an unholy line at the Rhythm Room to see Tommy Castro, and we started getting this dread feeling that we weren't going to get in. I used my handy-dandy Yelp BlackBerry app to look up what was nearby, and saw Char's, so close all this time that I could have thrown a sock full of manure and hit it. The Char's web site isn't exactly what you'd call "mobile friendly" but I could see from the Yelp reviews that it had music every night.We decided to drive over and check it out -- best decision ever. The place is quite a bit smaller than RR, with an intimate stage and little dance floor. The band Soul Power was setting up, and we ordered drinks from the friendly waitress. There is a cool cat sitting at the door collecting the (considerably lower than RR) cover charge, who we later found out is the owner. I can't adequately describe the effect Soul Power had on us. I could say I was blown through the opposite wall, but that doesn't quite sum it up. I was... funkified. Electrified. Wow, what a band. What a room. What a night.Oh, and it's cheap to drink there.
5	This place is awesome! The band ruled, the bartenders were friendly, the drinks were cheap, and the crowd was so fun. I will definitely go back to Chars.
4	I really enjoy myself here!  Lady J is the bomb diggity (wow can't remember the last time I used that phrase).  Every time we go there we truly have a good time.  It's very difficult to sit in your seats...Lady J gets your body movin', booty shakin' and the arms wavin'! Now with that said, I will say that I am not too fond of the drummer who thinks he can sing!  Dear Drummer of the Lady J band, I was there a few weeks ago and this particular Saturday night you wanted to sing.  You messed up my groove! Please do not sing any more...that's all I want for Christmas!
5	A friend recommended Char's. WOW!! Had a great time. The live band Soul Power were excellent, excellent, excellent.  Need I say more.... LOL.
4	"I went out a dancing with a Tennessee dear,They had a fellow there named Handy with a band you should hearAnd while the folks gently swayed, all the band folks played Real harmony.I never will forget the tune that Handy called the Memphis Blues.Oh yes, them Blues." (WC Handy - Memphis Blues.)Great blues bar.  Dark and dingy place with new blues bands daily.  Super diverse patronage.  Fun place to hang and listen to them blues...Oh yes, them Blues.
5	Lady J & her Brown Skins are kicking butt!  with a great Trio behind her she cannot lose. Just when you think the fabulous lead guitar (with Hendrix and Kravitz inflections), then the base player starts playing rifts that rival. And Lady J, can give Jill Scott and Black Crowes new funkyness...I love this bar, only one like it in Phoenix. The Rythm Room can only dream.
4	Random spot to walk in and feel like you had a memorable night (in a good way)?Char's has the Blues is it! The live bands sets off this place for a memorable experience seldom rare in Phoenix, AZ. A love for jazz and funk will only intensify after visiting this menu. It really make you appreciate true music. The staff is very nice, low key and friendly. The atmosphere is very comfortable and relaxing. I love this place, it literally has a little place in my heart :)
4	I went here Friday night with a group of friends to celebrate a wedding anniversary and we had so much FUN at this unassuming little place!Soul Power  -- a regular band here -- played and they were awesome. The bongo player invited me to beat out a few different songs with him. They're totally chill and friendly but very talented. Great music.I love the atmosphere. People were friendly and just having a great time. My girls and I get a bit over the top when there's music and dancing but people acted cool about it.There is a small dance floor at the feet of the musicians and people used it. The server did a good job keeping up with the packed little place. It's a definite we will return.
5	This place is funky, down to earth, and all about the music and having a good time... NOT about what you're wearing! I love the authenticity,  of this place, the age range, the diversity, and the common love for the jazz, blues and funk. One of my favorite places in Phoenix!Get here early, seats are hard to come by after 10pm, especially on the weekend
5	It's dark, it's dank, it's small and it's filled with amazing people who appreciate a good drink, good music and good times! Chars is a place that I had meant to check out for months but never got around to it, but when I did, I had a great time! I love the blues and funk, and it felt great being able to listen to great classic covers and a few new tunes (live and within reach, mind you) while enjoying a beer. I can't wait to get a chance to spend another evening here! I'm definitely telling my friends.
4	This is a fun little music bar that does not really have blues or jazz, it's more soul and funk. The band is really good and plays covers from MJ, James Brown, Tom Jones, and even Elvis!  It's bound to be a good time. The bottom line: for a place that transports you to New Orleans and provides cheap drinks than check this spot out!! It's a blast.
3	Char's is a classic dive but I like it and keep coming back. It always has good live bands and enthusiastic crowds. It is one of the best places to listen to funky R&B. On the downside, they seem to have the same 3 or 4 bands play there, and there is very little variety of music styles. Char's music has become very predictable, although quality is not an issue. It's one of the few place in the Valley where you can dance to live music every day of the week until 1 am!Service is friendly and fairly fast considering how crowded the place can get.The patrons are a diverse crowd in terms of race but are probably mostly over the age of 35. Lots of interracial dancing which I find to be one of the coolest things about Char's. So, now for the negatives:Their blown out sound system needed to be upgraded a decade ago. The dance floor is heavily worn and is far too small for anything but stationary hip grinding (except the rare occasions when there are only one or two couples on the floor). There is no stage for the bands so they often overflow onto the small dance floor. There are too few choices of draft beer, although what they have is good. Bathrooms are fairly disgusting. Parking is problematic. Char's should have been out of business years ago but they have become a tradition.
5	There's nothing I don't LOVE about Char's.  Oh wait, they have a tiny womans bathroom and when you stand up in one of the stalls everyone can see you head... weird but when you have a few drinks in you it doesn't bother you as much.  I love the regular bands, Lady J and Bad News Blues, really great.  The wait staff is always nice and quick to bring back the drinks.  It can be a bit of a sausage fest sometimes but I the guys have always been respectful and I've never hesitated coming here alone for that reason. The dance floor is really small but again, once you get a few in you it doesn't matter.
4	Thank goodness for no smoking laws!  Now I can go into Char's without having an asthma attack!  Overall, a fun place.
5	Parking can be a pain but so worth it.  SO FUN!  I've been to Char's on random nights of the week and no matter what it is still busy and the live music is awesome.  Rarely can you count on a place to have quality live music, a bustling dance floor and speedy drink service every night of the week.  Char's is that place.  LOVE IT!!!Interior is a bit tacky in the best way possible.  I swear the ceiling looks like its covered in red velvet (too bad it just appears that way).  The crowd at Char's is one of my favorite things about it. No one would feel out of place and everyone is legitimately  having a really great time. It really is more of mix of motown and soul than the blues, which is better to me! You know you're having a good night when find yourself dancing to Earth Wind and Fire.Both bands I've seen play were equally talented and engaging.  Not to mention one of the drummers was a stud and a bit of eye candy does make the whole deal sweeter ;)I will definitely be making Char's a 'go to' place from here on out!
4	My friends and I were in Arizona for Dodgers' spring training a few weeks ago and were at the mercy of Yelp for finding things to keep us busy at night. After talking to a few of the bartenders at Bobby C's Lounge (LOVE THIS PLACE), which we found on Yelp, they told us about Char's. On a Sunday night, Char's had live music and a packed dance floor. With an awesome mix of Old School Funk, Reggae, Classic Rock, and even a little Santana action, the live band was ON POINT! We were singing and dancing to every song! The crowd was fairly diverse and everyone was friendly. I could definitely see this as a relaxing place to go after a long day, where you don't necessarily have to wear "club attire" to fit in. The vibe was very chill and the drinks were great. I'll definitely be coming to Char's the next time I'm in town. GO DODGERS! :)
5	I love this place.  Rarely would I ever consider becoming a "regular" at an establishment, but this place is so incredible, so fun, so hilarious, that I may at some point in my life become a regular at Char's. I've gone several times with a fellow yelper and every time I've had a blast.Every time I've gone there's been live music with dancing on the dance floor. The singer typically wears a suit you'd only see on cop movies from the 70's, gold colored, frills, with the personality to match. The band pretty much plays on the dance floor so you can basically be right there with the band. All in all one of my favorite places to go in Phoenix
5	Trying to explain Char's in words cannot do it justice. It might not look like much on the outside. But the inside is always jumping and its probably the best place to go on a Saturday night if u love live music. What I love most about Char's is it reminds me of a old blues club that u would see in the south. The other thing I love and makes Char's stands out from the rest is the crowd. Unlike other clubs out here in AZ in areas like Snottsdale aka Scottsdale or some clubs at Westgate. Where everyone is too cool to really get down and dance cause there all about status so they only stick with a certain kind and try to front like their all that. Char's is the opposite. At Char's it truly is all about the music. When certain songs come on everybody justs grabs somebody and gets on the dance floor to shake their baby making areas. You will see young dancing with really old people, different races dancing with each other, snooty looking people dancing with laid back people. Pretty much people u wouldn't expect dancing with each other do at Char's. The live bands that play there are great. As long as u don't knock their stuff over they don't care how close u get. And they might even dance with u during a song. Char's is a place if u go once you will no doubt tell your friends and bring them back. Everyone should go experience the magic of Char's
5	Great Place to listen to some blues. Drinks are always great as well. Very small though. Hopefully they can expand someday soon. I'd love to see them expand.
5	There are not many places in the Valley where there is dancing to such great live music. All staff is friendly and I have always felt at home and welcome. Monday is open mike night and you will  be entertained by a very diverse group of musicians. Thursday and Sunday are also great, with excellent music and still a bit of room on the dance floor. Parking is a challenge, the women's restroom is very tiny, and I would love some good wine. But despite those things, Char's is my absolute favorite night spot in the Valley.
5	We have been here quite a few times and have always had an absolute blast! The Bad News Blues Band is our favorite, but I hear all the bands are really good. They even have hip hop nights, which I would assume would be pretty interesting. This isn't you "typical" hired band place. These groups fit this place perfectly and have some awesome original material. Char's is SMALL. Arrive early if you want a table. The charm of Char's is that they haven't really updated anything. The tables are old, the bands stand on the floor, and the decor is aged. Normally, this would bother me, but in this case it just works. It keeps the "feel". There is a patio out front and usually you can have some nice conversations with the band members on their breaks. There is lots of dancing to the music and upbeat feel all around. You can hear laughing and just look about and see how much fun everyone is having. There is a cheap cover at the door (expected considering the live band). The drinks aren't cheap, but won't break your wallet too badly. It's a place I think everyone should experience. Let your hair down, go and have fun. It is VERY loud, so don't arrive expecting to have a lot of conversation, because it ain't gonna happen. (Maybe good if you go with someone you don't so much enjoy talking with :)). A true staple of midtown Phoenix.
4	What a cool little hidden gem in Phoenix. Went on a sat night.  Live funk, jazz, blues. The band is basiclly on the dance floor. If you are clausterphobic it takes a few drinks to get comfortable..quarters are tight it gets crowded and there is no outside patio. Drinks are cheap compared to Scottsdale. The bar has a great ambiance..what you would visualize a great jazz club to be. Its dark with red xmas lights lining the ceiling, but it works for this place..if you are looking to get away from the typical Scottsdale crowd of Ed Hardy wearing roided up tools And coked out barbie dolls that cant hold an intellectual conversation if they tried...check this place out.
3	This place was fun.  Went on a soul night where the bad was amazing.  They started off with some swinging tunes, not all of which I recognized but they ended off with a great Michael Jackson mashup that had everyone dancing.  The biggest gripe really is just the size of the place.  The dance floor is itty bitty and because the bands are great, it gets really crowded.  There are a few tables (you'll have to stake those out probably four hours in advance!) and there is a good sized bar counter where you can order some tipples.  The place transports me to bars in other cities, I really don't feel like I'm in Phoenix when I'm here.  Folks are friendly and they are all there to have a great time and dance.  What I like seeing is couples of all ages come out and have a great time.  You can see the love in these couples eyes!  Makes me sappy just thinking of it !
4	Friend asked me if I wanted to go out on Sat night and if so where to, told him I would like to check out Char's, been hearing that this is the place to go for live music. I am into Jazz bars, and in the valley have found them far and few, but I was told Char's wasn't all that jazzy but good on the funk and RnB which is up my alley too, so off we went. I also was told that the place was small by a few of my friends, that didn't discourage me either. So got to Char's, parking is crazy, they really don't have a parking lot, it's the street or maybe the business across from Char's and I was surveying the amount of cars parked and thinking damn we might not get in. We paid our 6 buck cover charge and walked to the bar, ordered a drink and moved to the far end, even with the place being small we found a place to sit and it was close to the dance floor (which is small too, but it didn't matter) and the band.  I for one am happy to have found this little place.  The music was great, the people and atmosphere where great! When you find a place that has a great vibe of course you're going to want to come back!
5	great music, reasonable cover and strong drinks!
4	Great funky band, attentive service on the drinks, and we found a table in this crowded little blues club.  I loved that the patrons where eclectic and fun and people wanted to dance and kick back.  It was to loud in there either.  The bathrooms left a lot to be desired, but if you are looking for some good funky music and a place to let your hair down and dance than this is the spot!
5	This is definitely a take-your-date-here-if-you-wanna-get-laid type of place. My friend and I checked it out on a Friday night a few weeks ago, I'm all about the low lighting and it's very dark and cool. Lots of handsome African American men in suits and hats. Soul Power was playing, which is an r&b and funk cover band, they were awesome! I got some Mardi Gras beads and I didn't have to do anything dirty. We got wasted and danced our asses off to Michael Jackson..super fun time!
4	I went to Chars on a Wed night. The band was hot and everybody was having a great time! The drinks were fair and cold! For a week day spot with live music, I don'tknow how you could do better in central Phoenix.
5	the bass player last night was blowing the roof off chars!  i've been going here for years.  there is nothing else like it!
4	Loved hanging out here last Friday night. The place was PACKED! Luckily, my friends and I got there early, about 8:45ish. We were able to secure ourselves some stools in a great spot near the bar. Soul Power was playing, and they lived up to the hype. They were great, covering all the songs that you'd want to hear in such an establishment. Just a warning to all you ladies out there... I would suggest NOT using the restrooms there if you can help it. S C A R Y. Like, go back in time 100 years and still find more acceptable facilites scary. I am scarred for life!Other than that, we had a really fun night.
5	Loved this place!  My husband and I were looking for a great live music venue, and this hit the spot!  The band was great, drinks were good, and everyone was having a great time.  The place was really packed but we didn't mind....We will for sure be back for some more great music!
5	Just went, on the search on Yelp for a decent place to go for live music after getting soo bored with the so called trendy Scottsdale crowd. Love it soo much. I'll write pros and cons. Cons first: parking... yeah an issue... and if you don't like crowded places, don't go here cos you must be prepared to be jostled. Pros: fantastic environment, totally nice people, the most gorgeous men in fedoras and cool suits on the planet (I nearly died), completely unpretentious crowd, band not on a stage so you are right up close and personal, nice dark lighting with red lights, nice bar staff, $6 cover... I'd say a 30+ crowd of lots of ethnicities. No one on their cell phones doing social networking, everyone getting down on the dance floor and having the time of their lives. Even waiting for the ladies toilets was fun chatting to really nice women who aren't hating you. Wear what you want, anything goes, but do be prepared, this place is PACKED. I danced my socks off and had the time of my life. Go, but save me a seat please!
5	We danced and drank, drank and danced to Soul Power Band. Then we drank and danced and drank and danced until they closed this joint. But what a joint. the band Soul Power (http://www.myspace.com/soulpowerbandaz) as amazing, they played everything, a round of drinks for 4 was only $14.50 so it was all good. Looking forward to going again to dance and drink, drink and dance to the  Soul Power band.
4	I have now been here quite a few times and enjoy it just as much as the first time! I experienced mostly Thursdays and just a couple Saturdays.  The band and music make it a great place to grab a drink and enjoy a night out of dancing with your special someone or group of friends.
3	Live music is great here. Different bands play depending on which night you go. One of the few places in Phoenix that play live rhythm and blues. Service is a bit slow because the small establishment is usually packed on the weekends. My only complaint was that the door man wouldn't exhaust himself to call a cab as we were leaving. I had to talk to the manager about it. The manager was very courteous and assured me it wouldn't happen again.
4	I was looking for a place to listen to some cool and funky live music and Chars hit the spot. Soul Power seems to be a staple here, and they didn't dissapoint. The place is kind of a dive, reasonably priced libations, fun atmosphere, an all around good place to hear some decent music. It's got kind of a small dance floor and seating is pretty limited. You might want to try to get in early, or you might be standing. Parking is kind of a bear, and you will generally need to find a spot in the neighborhood a few feet away.
4	This place is AH-Mazing! Great live music and the drinks prices are reasonable. It is easy to become a regular at Chars because you want to go back every week. Seating is scarce so if you want to sit down I suggest getting there EARLY. A lot of people dance, but if you want to dance, expect to get closer than close because the dance floor is small, which is fine. The Chars "usual's" are very cool. Chars has a very chill ambiance so if you like the low-key, but fun scene this is for you!
3	During a random law school visit, wanted to check out Phoenix's nightlife. I stumbled upon this place on a Saturday night. I must say I had a good time. There was dancing, live entertainment and pretty reasonable drinks ($4.50 cran vodkas). Shout out to Lady J and the drummer, they had the place rockin. I would definitely return. Parking and surrounding area ... ehhh, I wouldn't mention it if I didn't almost hit some girls "trickin' around the corner... Smh. Cool spot though.
4	I like this place.No big surprises here. Decent drinks at a decent price.Cool vibe. Everyone having a good time.If I lived here, I'd be a regular.
5	Everyone who knows me, knows that Char's is my favorite place to dance. Tonight I want there and listened to the Kenny G Project and danced. I was in need of a dance fix and was not disappointed, I always have a good time at Char's, but the new Tuesday night with Kenny G makes this my new favorite night. The service is always friendly, the music is the best in town and the prices are very affordable. Hands down, still my favorite place to take my friends and to go and dance.
4	Great music and fun atmosphere! Parking is definitely an adventure, be prepared for a little trek from your car to the bar! Totally worth it.  In my opinion, the fact that the place is a dive bar, makes it even better! Small and PACKED! Everyone is very friendly and all are there to just have a good time and listen to some great live music!
3	My husband and I have been to Char's twice now and we will be going again.Its a very little place, dark, small dance floor.  The type of place you can wear comfy shoes and jeans and really get out and dance,  just plain fun.If you get there right when they open you'll have no trouble finding a seat.  The place does fill up quick though, after 10 it's standing room only.The two bands we have seen have been a lot of fun, very eclectic, very good.Service the first time was great.  Service the second time SUCKED.  Took forever to get drinks, and even longer to get our checks.  They accept cards, but I suggest cash, there is nothing worse than being held hostage when the waitress cannot find the time to bring you your card to close the tab.Bonus, on the Saturday night we went there was a grill set up across the street, best brisket sandwich I've ever had.
4	Oh Char's...whenever we can't think of where to go for a night out on the town we find ourselves shoved head first into your welcoming bosom...and just like an ample, satisfying bosom should be, you are crowded (dare I say, stuffed to overcapacity?) & have a phone, keys, ID, cash and a handy-dandy credit card tucked safely beneath your well-worn, sweaty underwire...Yes, it is slightly...um...cramped for space. Yes, parking is sometimes an exercise in cruel and unusual punishment (depending on the shoes you happen to be wearing that evening). But I challenge you to find a place that can consistently deliver a crowd of (sometimes seemingly unlikely) people who are TRULY AND HONESTLY just out to have a good time quite like Char's. If you are feeling particularly dramatic...I beg you, please wait until you are in a better mood before you visit this spot...unless the only thing standing between you and a good time is a stiff drink and some great jamming music...well, then take your ass there ASAP. We'll see you on the dance floor.
2	Lately the music at Char's has deteriorated. The same 2 or 3 same bands play every night. It wouldn't be quite as bad if the bands learned some new songs but they play the same thing the same way every night -- and every band plays almost the same song list of tunes. Do we really need to hear "Car Wash" and "Mustang Sally" 7 days a week?Don't get me wrong -- the bands that play at Char's are good bands, but all of them are in a terrible rut.Char's desperately needs some new blood with different music if they want to continue to have a steady clientele. Char's is becoming boring and predictable -- and that is no way to keep a business strong when many other places are offering a far more interesting music fare.
5	My favorite hangout in Phoenix! Great Live music!
5	THE JUMP OFF! As a new Arizonian a friend suggested this pace for live music and non pretentious dance. This is the kind off place where people go who know. A tiny dance floor with eclectic characters from all walks of live surrounding and coming in and off the dance floor with their date when the funky beat touches them right. The music is on point ranging from Earth Wind and Fire to Blackstreet Boys. The band is fantastic and really collaborates with the crowd energy. Great date spot or if you have a group of friends that want to get down then here you go.
5	Char's is a hidden Phoenix gem.  It is a very small bar that hosts some pretty awesome bands.  Of course my FAVORITE band is Soul Power.  Friday nights are packed.  The one wish I had is that they wouldn't over pack the place.  So what can expect from this neighborhood bar?  The good:  Great music, reasonable drinks that are not weak by any means, a very diverse crowd, the urge to dance the night away, only a $6.00 cover and reasonably priced drinks.  The bad:  Dance floor is very small, they do not serve food, if you don't like crowds or tight places this venue is not for you, the VIP section is a shabby one.
4	What can I say, this place is awesome! Live entertainment and adults enjoying themselves. My wife and I are in our late 30's so it's nice to go somewhere that's laid back and is filled with like minded people, so many times have we went out to dance and the DJ loses their mind and starts playing Tejano, hardcore rap or just starts to mix so much the song loses all meaning. The only negative I could point out is the size....but that's what makes this place feel like home! If you don't know someone when you get there, by the time you step off the dance floor you'll be on a first name basis! On another note I love the diversity of people that come out to Char's, it gives me hope for the planet!
5	I LOVE upgrading my reviews and Char's, you have graduated to 5 Stars. I don't know why I don't come here more often. This is one of THE best places in The Valley for live music. I made my auspicious return last 2 Saturdays ago after a long absence. I was a bit bummed at the $6 cover charge.Flash forward about an hour, with a few drinks in me and having heard Larry Bailey's first set, it was the bet $6 I'd spent in LONG time. The whole band is awesome: The bass and guitar, the guy on the sax and the drummer! GREAT performers. I've been back since for their Wednesday show and plan on being there again this Wednesday (no cover charge during the week.)The drinks are VERY reasonably priced and the service is good. Beside the great music, this is one of the best places in The Valley to peoplewatch. There are all kinds of characters in here and it just makes Char's one of the best experiences in The Valley.It goes without saying:we're not New York or L.A. but we have some pretty damn good places here in Phoenix and Char's is one of them. REALLY a gem!
5	Made the trip to Chars last Saturday for my first time.  Had an absolute riot!  We saw Larry Bailey, who plays there every Wednesday as well.  Really, really enjoyed it.  It was by no means traditional blues, more a mix of r&b and funk with some classics in there, but the band was rocking.  Great time, great place, I will be back.
4	I think this could be considered a modern day juke joint.  Lots of fun though, great music.  Prices on drinks are okay, they had moscato so I was pretty happy.  The place was packed the two times we went on our 5 day vacation.  Bathroom situation is rough though, just FYI.
5	Great place to go have a drink and listen to a wonderful live band. Love their Soul Power night and it gets pretty packed for a dive bar. Drinks are reasonable could be better just for the type of bar it is but the band makes up for it. Make sure to take ones for tips these guys deserve it!
4	The first time I went to Char's it was very dead. I was not at all impressed. However... at the urging of a nice gentleman there, I decided to give Char's a second chance. I am so glad I did. I love it now. It's definitely a dive bar, but so cozy and fun. The parking in horrendous and the bathroom is an outhouse but still worth it. I like the bands and the staff is excellent. I can't lie, I'm a fan!
4	Awwwww yeahhhh! We had such a good time Saturday night.  I loved the music and the vibe of the place.  The totally mixed crowd was great to see having fun and everyone young and old seemed to be digging the 70's-80's R&B/Soul/Funk genre live music.  The only tip I can give you is to arrive early in the evening and use the waitresses to order drinks.  The bar gets way to full for frequent bar runs.  Parking was a bit of a bummer since we had to walk a few blocks and my drink glass was a little small for my taste.  I would have enjoyed a larger drink to keep from having to order double drinks and wait 20mins for them.
5	Amazing live music, good drinks and a great crowd. We visited twice during a one week vacation from Wisconsin.
4	This place was awesome!! Fun with good entertainment!! A little small they should definitely expand they've got plenty of guests, I'm sured there would be more with more room. Overall though it was a great experience - we will be back with more of our friends!!!!
3	I went to Char's for the first time last night.  The place has a good atmosphere and was pretty packed.  The music was OK.  For a place that has been voted the best Blue's Bar in Phoenix pretty much every year, I was expecting a little better.  It was also really hot inside.  I ended up spending a lot of time on the very small covered patio.  Overall, Char's is a nice place to hang out, enjoy some live music and relax with friends after work.
4	Char's is dark, tiny, gritty, sometimes crowded, and all the way around as awesome and pulsingly alive as a blues bar can be!! C'mon, would it be the blues if it were polished and pristine? Heck no! Now, relax... I said gritty, not dirty. There's a distinct difference, and one ought to appreciate grit (as long as there's none in your mussels or clams, but that would be for another review). So, if you want great blues, a vibe that compels your tissues to feel the music, and an evening that makes you feel as though you have authentically good taste in matters of life, get yer soon-to-be-grooving-bum to Char's!
3	The music itself was 5 stars. However, the overall atmosphere of the place did not live up to it. It's very small, so extremely crowded which makes it hard to find room and a spot to sit and enjoy and absorb it all. The dance floor is small as well. It's more of a live music and have a drink place, not all that great for action and dancing.
4	This place was really fun.It's located in a REALLY creepy part of Phoenix. Like the kind where you wanna drive a crappy car to because you don't want to leave your nice car parked on the street...(that sounded totally snobbish and mean but I just really thought the area was sketch).But once you get inside, the place lights up! The music is loud and hypnotizing. You could tell the musicians really loved their art, because they put so much soul into their music. Besides that (since I'm becoming a slight alcoholic) the drinks and bartenders are great! They have EXPERIENCED bartenders at Char's so you get advice on drinks and well made drinks. Char's definitely serves an older crowd (more late thirties to early fifties) but I had a blast and I'm 21. It's just a really chill time.I wish I could comment on the prices of the drinks but all my drinks were paid for by other people (YAY)!
5	Quite crowded with visitors and very nice music. Awesome!
5	Could this be my new favorite bar? You bet!I've been here twice-both times were SO much fun. I had been wanting to check this place out for a while and quite happy I finally did. It's a gem in central Phoenix. Parking is a bit sketchy--we've been lucky to get a spot in the parking lot, but that was only the first time we went. This past Friday we went and ended up parking in a lot across the street, where there was a man selling ribs straight off the grill. Random, much? This place isn't much from the outside, but once inside-it's like you're taking to another realm. It oozes cool without being pretentious. Char's is tiny-I wouldn't be surprised if they were at over capacity on the weekends.Despite that, no one seems to be bothered by it being so crowded-I swear every person I encountered was super polite and friendly. I was offered a place to sit at the bar so I could get a drink by a nice gentleman who wanted to just go out and bust a move on the dance floor.I've been on a Sunday and Friday-both times Soul Power was playing. They ROCK. Usually, I'm like "meh" towards cover bands, but they cover songs and make them all their own. I pretty much was dancing from the time I walked in the door until I left, pausing of course to order a drink. Overall, a great place for drinks and live music with people from every demographic! If you're a fan of Rhythm Room, you'll probably like this place.
3	I love Char's and go there frequently. I love the music, and the cover is not bad (although it does not seem like they have allot of different bands in their rotation, you can find yourself jamming to the same band a couple nights a week, it would not be as bad if one of the bands lead singers would at least stop making the same jokes)Again I Love the MUSICThe atmosphere is good, I just fear what the place would look like if all the lights were turned on.I LOVE the MusicIf you are tall, like me, you might find it hard to use one of the stalls in the Woman's bathroom, because I swear it is like one of those Saloon Swinging doors that is hung maybe 10 inches away from the toilet rim, so unless you are capable of some creative toilet-yoga poses in a dress and heels, I suggest waiting for the other stall to clear up where your knees at lest hit the wall in front of you.The Music is GreatIf you get your dance on prepare to SWEAT, because you will..... I Love the MusicDon't look at your glass wear too closely... and enjoy the music!
4	This bar is cool.there are a good soul music.and it's cheap.I liked a concert with Larry Bailey .custumers are fun and cool.
5	If your looking for a trendy dance club with a younger crowd- please don't come here! But if your looking for awesome live music, strong inexpensive drinks and a friendly atmosphere, then this is the place for you! The crowd ranges from 21-65 which is fine by me! The 2 times that I've gone I had a blast! The restroom is extremely tiny but I've never had to wait. And, although this place is pretty small we've never had a problem finding a table as long as we get there before 9-930. Chars is lots of fun!
5	The people complaining about the way Chars looks have no idea what a Juke Joint (or a Honky Tonk if that's your flavor.  Dive Bar if you can relate to that) is supposed to look like.  The lights are supposed to be dim.... the place is supposed to be small... The place will have a band that doesn't care if their makeup is on correctly.... the place should make you question if the walls might fall down if the music gets any louder and the dance floor should be small as JUKE JOINTS are usually kinda small!!!!!  Somebody please educate these folks on JUKE JOINTS.... Meanwhile, let me tell you about Chars.If you're looking for absolutely NO pretentiousness, NO frills, Tables that don't cost $600, or basically the opposite of clubbing in Scottsdale .... Chars is your spot.  If you are interested in Rhythm and Blues and Soul covers and a rocking good time.... Chars is your spot.  If you are looking for a live music venue where people dance AND mingle with each other and actually speak and talk to you just because... Chars is your spot.  If you have stumbled upon my review because you are looking for a decent time.... Chars is your spot.   I absolutely LOVE Chars for everything that it is AND for everything that it is NOT.
4	Wow, what an awesome place is Char's! I'd heard good things, but really didn't know what I was in for; I figured it would be some background jazzy-blusey sounds, and people quietly chatting in intimate little groups of three.Nope.I walked into a dimly-lit joint heaving with fun vibes and cheerful soul; I immediately wanted to get up and dance. The dance floor was crammed full of classy couples and carefree singeltons getting amongst the sounds of the band, Soul Power (who, by the way, were sensational), and everyone was clearly having a great time.I went for "a drink or two", wound up staying for a couple more, and had such a blast the whole night. Go to forget your cares and enjoy the music and the friendly people. You'll feel at least 87% happier for it.
5	This place rejuves me! It's a dark little place with a red glow from the Christmas lights hanging all around the room. Get there early and it's not much to like at, but soon the place fills with people of all sorts and live, loud, soulful music. The drinks are good and not over priced and the waitresses keep them coming no matter how crowded it gets. Bathrooms are a tight squeeze, but I feel it adds to the charm of the place. I love dancing the night away with my hubby till we shut Char's down!
4	Char's music is predictable  it's almost all 70's R&B. The bands play very similar song lists. But that's OK for Char's audiences because they like that genre and might not want to hear anything else. The music is funky and soulful and very pleasant to listen to -- or to dance to.Given that the bands play similar stuff, it's easy to compare them. Here is the scorecard as I see it:#1 Lady Jai and Essence -- simply the best and most talented band in the Valley. Every musician is a superstar. They continue to get better at what they play, but they stick to the same safe R&B that everyone else does at Char's. Fortunately they improvise a lot so even though they play the same stuff as the other bands, they play it in slightly different ways and they play it better. Their music is very tight and to the point -- and it's funky to the max. If you are going to check out Char's for the first time watch this band. (Tues, Thurs, some Sat).#2 Monday blues jam. You never know what you are going to get, and that's part of the adventure. It all depends on what musicians show up to play for free. It's the closest thing the Valley has to a true blues jam.#3 Larry Bailey. Wednesdays. An excellent singer but he tends to get into himself too much. The same songs as everyone else plays but Larry gives them a slightly different twist. Sometimes he plays medleys that are too long to dance to, so they are annoying and tiring. The musicians get loose on the transitions because they probably get weary and they haven't rehearsed when the breaks come. It makes them sound more amateurish than they really are. They feature a sax player which is cool. #4 Soul Power -- the same songs as the other 3 bands but with far less energy and enthusiasm. Musicians are obviously not in the same class. They probably haven't learned a new song in a decade -- and they always play the same way. In their defense they do get a funky groove going but the songs are stretched way too long. Soul Power fans always know what to expect and the band gives it to them.Char's has predictable music that is good to dance to. Their dance floor is a disgrace because it is way too small. Prices are OK. It's too bad that the Char's bands don't make the effort at playing a different genre of song. Apparently Char's audiences are into a very narrow blend of R&B and they seem to be happy with it because Char's is almost always busy.
5	I go on a rey basis. Great live music my favorite is Monday night because it truly showcases the talent in Phoenix. Also love Friday nights when you don't feel like a pretentious crowd and just great music. Char's is that place.
3	This is a hidden little gem! I emphasize 'little'. It's tight in there, but enjoyable! Do not go there thinking you're going to get a prime seat with staff catering to your every need. You're not! That's not what they're about. Besides, it's not about you once you enter. The place gets packed QUICKLY! You might have to hold up the wall for minute or two until a seat comes available. Believe what I tell you and get there before 9. No food is served inside, but you can bring a plate in from the food truck. The bands rock the house!  You can actually see the place rocking from side to side when you're walking up to the building! There is a tiny dance floor and I hit it every time I go! So, if you're seeking a nice, cozy spot to mellow out after a long day, this is your place.
4	Char's Has the Blues is so much fun!!  The Motown band that plays on Saturday nights is absolutely killer.  The only problem is that everything is a little small. The dance floor, bar, and bathrooms are itty bitty.  But, the atmosphere is fantastic, drinks are inexpensive, and the dancing shoes are a flutter so I definitely recommend heading out to Char's for an evening upbeat fun!
4	Char's Has the Blues is a Central Phoenix gem! One of the only places in town you can go to to find find great live music and a hopping dance floor any night of the week. Mondays are open for anyone who is brave enough to step up to the mic with the band. Often on the weekend the place is packed! Lots of great music and good times on the dance floor.To improve the seen I would love to see a few different beers offered on tap or even in bottle for a better price. ~$5 basic drinks on a Monday are a little steep.I am excited to come here more often to get to know the bands better. This place is all about the music.
4	I've only been here once but I had a ball, the live band is awwwwesome!!! I honestly danced til my feet hurt. The drinks where good the crowd nice and I like the authentic feel that the place has. I will definitely be returning again!!
5	I can only call it for Friday nights w/Soul Power, but It's definitely one of the most entertaining live music venues in Phoenix Period! The place has a good vibration about it...hard to describe unless you've actually been inside this crawl space..lol Literally it's small and not much space to move around, but the spot is live, has great drinks and service. Come for the good time and leave the snobbery at the doe!5 STARS
5	If I could give this place 10 million stars, I would. Best live music in phx hands down!
