4	Just returned from getting an oil change and was pleased with my experience. They didn't try to upsell me or add any extra services. The prices are definitely reasonble and they finished in an hour, which is how long they estimated it would take. It was $28 for a premium oil change, which my car requires, but only $16 if you use the standard Shell oil and bring in a coupon (they aren't hard to find). I can't speak for any of the other services, but if all you need is an oil change I'd say you can't go wrong.
5	Scott the mechanic is the man. He is the only mechanic in the Valley that I totally trust. He has worked on at least 10 cars of mine over the years. No one wants to hear...you need a new one of those, or are you ready for how much this is going to cost. But with Scott if he suggests doing something while he is in there, preventing future problems I do it. Sun Devil Auto is a good shop.and businesses.
5	I just moved to the area a year ago, and had a hard time finding a mechanic I could trust. Sun Devil Auto solved that problem for me! When I needed a major repair on my car, they did only what was necessary and charged me an extremely fair price. Tim is always very friendly, and recently when I called inquiring about a service light in my vehicle, he was very helpful even over the phone. You can always expect that the work will be done on time, and they've never kept me waiting. This is the only place I will go for oil changes or any repairs for my vehicle.
5	Good guys here, they aren't just out to steal your money. I've never felt pressured to buy anything I didn't come in for, even though they may give you recommendations.
3	well after looking at reviews i still went there the manger on duty was very honest and let me know why i had a check engine light on and didn't even charge me for the check, they were very quick with pulling my car in and having a answer which i like. i used to go to the dealer and it would take hours to just have them bring it in. on the other note to the people that had issues with this place i'm sorry to you but these people are very honest. o btw to male jaime s sounds like they were trying to repair your cat the proper way by replacing the part the right way. you cant go to a shoe store and ask them to fix your heel there going to sale you new shoes . you go to a shoe repair shop to have it fix,... well these people are great and honest thank you sun devil auto team on 4322 w thunder bird
5	Service was fantastic. Had received an outlandish estimate from a dealership so spent the afternoon calling around local mechanics. Talked to about 5 or 6 shops which either rushed me off the phone or couldn't give me an estimate unless I brought the car in. I called and spoke to Robert at Sun Devil Auto, and he went through with me prices, didn't pressure me and was very professional. Was able to bring in the car the next day, paid half of what the dealership wanted and overall, a great service.
5	Excellent service, extremely polite employees, pricing very reasonable. Had the car checked out and tuned up before a cross country move and they got me on my way quickly. Definitely would recommend to friends and family
4	Update: I still like Sun Devil, however I felt they tried to oversell me at my last visit. My husband had over-charged my AC in my car causing the pressure to increase and the AC to blow hot- not a good thing in 100 degree weather. I took my car in for service and received a call that they were concerned that I needed to replace my compressor since the release valve had to let off the excess pressure in the system and they can't just replace the valve. Great suggestion, but I can't see attempting a $1000 fix for something non-safety related when a simple $120 service may suffice. Just a fair warning...
5	Awesome place for auto repair...very polite, quick solution for the battery issue I had.Highly recommend...
5	Wow! I can't say enough about Sun Devil Auto. John, the manager, was very helpful with my last minute oil change. Although they didn't have time for the oil change, John gave me the chance to explain my car problem and determined that I didn't need the oil change and instead needed some oil drained due to extra oil added earlier in the week by my helpful husband. They drained the excess oil and also steam cleaned the under part of the car & engine at no cost!I would highly recommend this shop, for their polite and super friendly manager John and knowledgeable mechanics who went out of their way on a late Friday night to fix my problem and get me on my way safely. I haven't seen this type of extra customer service from a business in a long time.
5	I am thoroughly impressed with the professionalism and efficiency I received today at the Sun Devil Auto on 6750 W. Bell Rd. I called them in a slight panic when my 'check engine' light came on this morning. The manager, Craig G., was extremely courteous and empathetic to my concerns. When I brought my car in, Craig was very good at communicating with me each step of the way with my car repair and he did his best to have my car running in top shape as soon as the shop was able. I highly recommend getting your vehicle serviced at this particular business. You will deal with very knowledgeable and professional auto mechanics in which you will be treated with honesty and integrity. Thanks Craig and everyone at Sun Devil Auto!
