2	This is the tropical smoothie at the Stratosphere hotel, 2nd floor. It is not a full cafe with tables and chairs, just a walk up counter to order from. They have a more limited menu and do not feature the full list of smoothies, including ones that have been around for a while. They do offer wraps and some breakfast items, however they do not carry all of the sandwiches found at the other locations. They also do not add punches to your VIP card for frequent users. Typically I have only seen 1 person working there at a time. Since this is a slower location I can understand limiting staff, however there is no 2nd person working so I have gone by a few times and was told by a neighboring retail shop that the trop smoothie is closed while the agent was on break. Also on slower days I find that they don't open at their scheduled timeAs for quality I have no complaints, smoothies were good and so were the wraps I have tried. However, like I said they have a limited menu so minus cool points for not having my favorites on their :(Staff is pleasant, but not efficient as there is just one person trying to man it all. When someone orders a sandwich they have to go in the back and make it and you won't see them for a few minutes. All in all, this is a last resort if I am in the strat and want to grab something quick, since it is a healthy option, however if there is a line, no way!
1	I am not a fan of this location at all! The service is always awful. You can tell the girl working here hates her job. I don't expect you to do backflips for me but a little respects would be nice. I feel like I'm annoying her when I ask a question. The smoothie it self is fine. I'm bummed that Tropical Smoothie Cafe uses styrofoam cups. It's 2014 like get a paper cup! Overall I would not go back & I find the prices a little steep.
1	I've been here about 4 times and only ordered once. My first experience I waited about 5 minutes and no one showed up to the front counter to help. I came back a second time and was rudely spoken to. The third time I had asked about the faux meat they have and once again was rudely spoken to plus they were out of salad bowls for what I wanted. The fourth time I was just dying for a smoothie and it was convenient so I ignored the rude customer service and got myself a drink.The customer service is just awful here. You don't get greeted with a smile or any type of happiness, the staff just looks like they hate their jobs. I have no complaints with the smoothie itself, it was about $5 for a 24oz. I will not be coming back though
4	I've been to this location about five times, and had a great experience at each time. The wraps were tasty as well as the smoothies, and all were delivered fast. This is a tiny "booth" kind of location with one person working at a time, so keep that in mind. With all that said, I've gotten messed up orders at full locations, so the fact that the one person, usually young, always gives me a great lunch is impressive.UPDATE: The young woman there is awesome, there's a dude there that refuses to cut wraps because he's lazy. I'm serious. This dude sucks, and needs to get a different job where he doesn't have to interact with people.
1	I showed up around 10am for a smoothie and wrap, but was informed I would have to wait 20 minutes for my food. Apparently it takes that long to warm the oven? They had also been open for an hour or so that's what the sign said. Then I asked for them to punch my card and found out they don't do that, which really annoyed me. I asked the not so helpful worker who the Franchise owner was b/c I know a Franchise owner and was curious if this was one of his locations. The girl informed that she is not allowed to  tell me who owned that location and would have to contact the Corporate office. Well to sum things up I never plan on returning to this location.
4	I ordered the chicken Caesar wrap which was excellent. My boyfriend got a berry smoothie and I got a green smoothie. They were both really tasty. A little pricey, but expected, as this isn't McDonald's. The service was great. No complaints.
1	Horrible service and rude employees!! Sadly this is one of my few consistent lunch options, so it will have to do... Employees are rude, on their phones, and don't care. Also the kitchen closes when they see fit, so tough stuff if you want a wrap around the end of the night
