4	Not too bad for some beef teriyaki. It was a little bit salty for me, but still satisfied my craving. The plate size was too big of a portion for just one person. The service was very quick. Kind of hard to believe this place is considered healthy...
5	No where does it in Vegas like these guys. They have one main competitor Samurai Sam's. The quality here @ Teriyaki madness is much higher only problem is no brown rice if you want rice.. I always order the low carb plate. Big portions pretty healthy. The food comes out super fast. Always consistent and excellent lunch option for a quick bite that will keep u full all day or give you left overs got later.Update There is Brown Rice Now! And Still #1 for Asian Stir Fry FAST
4	i don't know if they're all the same.. but i've been to the one on warm springs and it's a good place.  good food, friendly service... large portions..  very good terriyaki.the beef is sweeter than usual..  [but i like that]i love ordering the noodles and beef terriyaki.. but the over all consensus at the crib is the chicken..all plates are served with veggies or a side salad. very good for a quick and heavy meal!
4	I have been to this place 4 times total and so far I am pretty pleased with the overall experience.  I have only ordered the Spicy Chicken Bowl, and the Spicy Beef Bowl.  I really like the flavor with the added spice of both bowls.  You can get the meat on rice or noodles and probably more options that I really didn't pay attention too.  The price is pretty fair for the amount of food you get.  I prefer this place over Panda Express and other fast Chinese food type places because I get more meat and less other junk.  The service is nothing spectacular, but nothing bad either, basically just what I would expect.
4	I consistently have a good experience when I come here.  The staff is quick and attentive, food is good (edamame!) and overall good location.  We frequent this place when we want to have a decently healthy meal.  Chicken teriyaki bowl with veggies is straightforward and tasty.  Plus, they always have coupons!
3	If you want something quick and pretty good "asian food" go for it.  I wasn't disappointed it was exactly what I expected.  The old Teriyaki Chicken Bowl from Jack is better.
4	Chicken, teriyaki sauce, and rice...how can you go wrong?  I decided to try a combo plate with the beef teriyaki as well, for variety...  The teriyaki sauce on the beef has a different taste than the sauce on the chicken...  At first I didn't like it, but by the end, I was digging it.  All in all, it's nothing special (you can get chicken teriyaki most everywhere), but it's not bad either.  I will be back.
3	I love Teriyaki bowls,  They have these little franchises around the valley.  You get a good sized portion and they have various options.  I go to this one because it's by my work. It can get pretty crowed at lunch. There are usually a couple workers who are doing back flips in the kitchen.  The only complaint I have with this location is it usually takes a long time to get your food.  The last few times I have gone I noticed that people where picking up called in orders.  I always forget to do that.  This is why I only gave them 3 stars.  The food is great though!  Get the spicy chicken bowl and add veggies.  Cheers!
4	I always get the 1/2 spicy chicken and 1/2 chicken katsu plate with brown rice and a house salad.I love that for $9.50 this place can fill you up, give you enough of a spice from the chicken and make you addicted to the food. The associate here is always very helpful. He wears glasses, but I forgot his name. Call and order for pick-up if you are impatient with waiting for food. The wait is always about 10 minutes.The chicken katsu is just decent at best, but the spicy chicken is delicious! I love it!
4	A friend and I came to TM after a couple hours at the gym, so you can imagine I was starving!The place was a small hole in the wall, packed with people, so I know it was going to be good.  Seemed like the staff was super young all around: the cashier, cook, etc., but all very good looking :)  I ordered the teriyaki chicken bowl and asked to substitute my rice for vegetables.  I was trying to be healthy, but when I got home, looked like they weren't even listening because I got no veggies and all rice.  The dish was still really good!The chicken was perfectly charred and the teriyaki sauce was not to over powering.  The portions were big and really satisfied my cravings.  The white rice was PERFECT!  I'm a sticky rice kinda guy and they hit it on the money, even though I ordered veggies instead! All in all, the one thing I learned from this experience is to check my food before I walk out.  Other than that, I would recommend this place to the food enthusiast searching for a quick Asian dish.
1	Very disappointing. Huge TMad fan and went to the Wigwam location for the first time in years. Ordered a chicken teriyaki plate with extra meat which is what I always order and the Durango/w.springs and Maryland location.. The meat portion was average at best and had 2 bones in it, and they didn't give us the side salad. Will not be visiting that location again.
4	Conveniently located in the same parking lot as 24hr Fitness.  This Teriyaki Madness is perfect for your post workout meal. If you're at the gym and dreading that PWO shake, then this TMAD is perfect for you.  Besides, whole foods is a lot better than shakes anyway.  Trust me, whole foods will bring density to your muscles.  Like all other TMAD's, this one has everything chicken breast. Even their katsu is made out of chicken breast, not minced chicken.  Their teriyaki chicken is flavorful, but I usually opt for their chicken breast by itself, with vegetables, or with brown rice. My most recent visit was with Terri Elite and we shared a chicken breast w/veggies.  The meal was filling and because we didn't have the sauce, it was plain.  But remember, we chose to eat it that way. Want flavor? Have their chicken with the sauce. I also had the benefit of talking to the owner, Dean, a couple of weeks ago. He's very professional, cares about his business, and most importantly, his customers.  I'm a fan of TMAD's and each location has it's perks. When it comes to taste and service, I still think the location off Craig Road is the best.  When it comes to size of the restaurant, the Centennial location wins.  When it comes to convenience from one of my gyms, this one takes it.  My only issue is that this TMAD is one of their smaller restaurants.  It's a good thing that they weren't too busy when we ate here.  They were also out or didn't have broccoli in stock.  TIP's:  -Gym goers get a discount.  I keep forgetting this.  But still think that the cashiers should ask us, especially when it's obvious that we just came from the gym. -Order ahead if you're in a rush or if you are requesting brown rice. -This place also serves salmon
4	What's there not to love about this place! I only wish they were open a little later. I have only tried the Teriyaki Bowls but I'm sure everything on the menu is good AND prices are fairly reasonable. Usually a large bowl is shareable with my kiddo! Momma on a budget! ;-) love it!
4	chicken teriyaki plate - good flavor and not dry at all. i was hoping it would be all chopped up in small chunks like one of the pictures on here shows, but it was only chopped into strips. still good even though i had to cut it up for my daughter. she will not eat meat unless it cut up very small. she and i ate 1.5 of the 2 scoops of rice. from the looks of it, they cut back portions on rice and chicken about 80%. i prefer more rice. beef yakisoba - very good flavoring on the noodles. i didnt care for the meat so much. the vegetables were good, just not the lettuce. i hate soggy lettuce. my two year old loved both plates. she ate a lot and that makes me very happy.
3	Good, but left my ipad there.......went looking for it. A very expensive lunch. Plus the person who took my order had a bad attitude. To many other good places in the area to deal with that.
4	This place is great. I've been here plenty of times since the first one opened in Vegas. I really enjoy the Yakisoba. I usually get a chicken Yakisoba with a side of spicy chicken. Really good food for a fair price.
5	They are always fast and the place is spotless. I've never been into a teriyaki Restraunt that was so damm clean.
1	Poor service and the girl at counter tried to say I could not use the restroom! Don't you have to have a wash facility at a restaurant??? Health violations here!
4	Teriaki madness in itself is yummy :) This particular location is fast and the staff are friendly. I always get the kids bowl for my son, love how they chop up the chicken for the kiddos :)
5	This place was perfect, even after workouts and gym sessions. Its fast, healthy, and delicious. I will definitely recommend this place to my friends!
3	Teriyaki in a bowl ? quick order? SPICY chicken? I'm sold, although how its right next to 24hour fitness throws me off a bit. But their meat is nicely marinated and cooked, along with veggies and an option of either white or brown rice, and even noodles!
5	Yes, they are very small, but I wasn't here for the ambiance. The place is very clean and the food is UH-MAY-ZING!It's easy to get in and out of, nicely located right off of Pecos and across from the gym. (Which is kind of ironic, but I guess a plateful of noodles is always a plus after a good workout).The guys that work there were super polite and very sweet. I came in mere minutes before they were closing, but they didn't even mention it. The food is made to order, so don't expect it to be fast.But, do expect it to be worth the wait!I got chicken teriyaki with brown rice for the hubby and beef yakisoba for me. For the ride home, an order of potstickers. I was the only one there and we chatted a bit as they cleaned up around me and turned off the "open" signs.One of the boys brought the food right out to me, piping hot and bagged up to go. I joked about the giant dispenser of sauce and its awesomeness. He said that a lot of folks like that, and found it odd that none of the other stores have it. Then we laughed about how chintzy some restaurants are about their sauce - charging for each tiny container - as I filled up my fourth and stuffed it in the bag.I made my way back to the car in chilled December night (almost tucked the food inside my coat to stay warm - brrrr!), tossed it in the car, and headed  home.The potstickers didn't make the ride. I had nommed those down before the second stoplight. Crispy - like I like them!The "teriyaki for my husband, yakisoba for me" thing was really just a ruse. I didn't want to let on that I wanted both and was simply going to be a big piggy about the whole thing, since the hubby was at a business meeting and wouldn't be home until late. I figured this was slightly more healthy than my original plan of tacos and champagne. When I got home and opened the boxes, it turns out that they may have caught on to my little scheme, because there was enough food in there to feed a small nation! I was only able to make a small dent in each, and as I retired, full and a bit woozy from yummy goodness to the couch, my husband came home and was thrilled at the hot, relatively healthy meal waiting for him.Sure, honey...I thought you might like that...Even after he ate until full, I still had enough for breakfast the next morning. Believe it or not, he has a bigger appetite than I do.To recap: Guys nice, food incredible, portions gigantic. Share!
