4	I love Marie Callender's and this one didn't disappoint me.  The service was very quick and super friendly.   The food is great and the portions are good.   Eating here is always a good value and here it was a good experience.
3	Average eatery. I didn't really like the food, I found it to be boring and bland, although not alltogether untasty.I did like the pies, especially the "low sugar" versions and the rhubarb pie. I am not a big fan of overly sugary pies, so I haven't tried those.Food is okay. Some dishes are better than others. I wouldn't mind to come here for lunch again, it is tasty to some degree, but I wound't eat here for dinner--there are better more fun choices out there!
2	well ill tell you this get a frozen marie dinner at the store i would only get the pie they are delicious all kinds of flavors when my family went there the food was flavorless and cold and i felt bad for the people sitting next to us they were celebrating thier engagement and the roof fell in on them and the only thing the waitress do was move them to a diffrent table and said those things happen sometimes our bad
3	The Razzleberry Pie was super but pricy $12.99. I guess next month is $5.99 pies. Oh well it was yummy.
4	I'm on a mission to try every Marie Callender's pie during their $6.99 pie month.This trip I purchased a Banana Cream pie to go -That makes  2 this weekend-Chocolate Cream & Banana Cream .The banana was better-I love the real banana pieces.Next trip I may have to try the German Chocolate or Coconut Cream.
3	This is a very good, solid place for down home cooking. I might entertain giving it four stars if the prices were a little cheaper. $20 for a lunch is a bit much for meat loaf and chicken fried steak.
4	Marie Callenders is the place to get fresh baked pies in Las Vegas. I've been coming to this one for years for their pies- had the pumpkin (my favorite), razzleberry (really good- tried it as suggested by the server), kahlua cream cheese (my husband's favorite), key lime (not too tart-surprisingly very good), fresh strawberry (another favorite- piled high- not included in the $6.99 pie sale), french apple pie, chocolate satin, lemon meringue, and coconut cream. Also available, but not included in the pie sale, is cheesecake. The choices are astouding and can be overwhelming. Ok, you caught us; we bought three pies in the last few days because we didn't want to miss this sale. If you miss the sale, there are pies that get featured on a monthly basis. Save your tins for a nice discount- it pays to recycle. Note: this location starts baking pies at 5:30 am (for two other locations). Also available at the bakery, are oversize muffins (too big- cut in half, save for later) and mini-loaves that looked scrumptious.We are e-club members and we get coupons for our birthdays- $5 off plus a free slice of pie (does not include burger combos). We usually come for lunch- I like the smoked ham stack and my husband likes the carnitas philly, both come with fries. The service is really good.The staff is very friendly. Brunch on sundays. Popular with the older set. Classic American cafe with pretty good food- booths and tables as well as counter seating near the kitchen.
1	The breakfast was good, but the cleanliness scared me.  When I was leaving, 3 men were standing in line for the women's bathroom.  2 employees were just standing around and talking instead of seeing what was wrong with the men's bathroom.  Instead of standing behind 3 men for the restroom, I left.  Gross.
5	Banana Cream Pie...........Need I say more?
1	I was a great fan of this location since it's right next to my place until the unthinkable happened.  They delivered bad service.  The table was full of crumbs when we were seated.  We ordered tea and not only was the spoon still in the tea but it has cheese on it.  When we told the manager all we got was, "i'm sorry." No kind of gasp of OMG, how did this happen.  Not even a real sincere apology.  This really sucks for me because I love PIE.
5	I don't eat at Marie Callender's. I used to work at one when I was in high school and I never really was a fan of their food back then up until now. However, I love their pies. I appreciate how fresh and inexpensive they area, when they have specials that is. Pies always seem to be a hit when you're needing to make the masses happy because you can get an assortment of pies so that there's something for everyone. Marie Callender's pies! That's all that needs to be said
3	In a city with some incredible restaurants and dining experiences, how the heck did I end up here for lunch? The quick answer is that I was working for a cheapskate. Which means Marie Callendar's has good prices for their meals.Our server was super-friendly and brought us a basket of fresh bread with honey butter (YUM!). I noticed our table was a bit sticky which always results in an automatic one-star deduction. I ordered a turkey croissant club sandwich with a side of fruit.  The sandwich was actually quite good although the fruit was on the hard-unripe side. My dining companions were a bit annoyed with my croissant, which sprayed flakes across the table with each bite.It was a decent meal but nothing memorable, exactly what you'd expect from a Marie Callendar's. They do make incredible pie here but I left without having a slice on this day. :(
2	Food is over priced and not special at all. Definitely a "Meh.. Ive experienced better"
1	This location dropped the ball.I looked into getting a pie for my boyfriends birthday and made sure to call 2 days ahead to place the order. The girl on the phone took down my name, number and when I needed to pick up the pie. She even repeated everything back to me. Here comes the day to pick up the pie and I call ahead to make sure my pie was ready to be picked up and they told me that they did not have a pie for me. I explained that I had made the order ahead of time and still all he would tell me on the phone was that he couldn't help me because someone forgot to save my reservation. Really?! Not even a sorry. That did it for me... No more Marie Calendars for me.
5	PIES, PIES, PIES. If you love PIES, only at this location and another location that they distribute to will you enjoy the best, especially PUMPKIN! I odered online and they tried to contact me to let me know they sold out. When I got there, they quickly apologized and took care of me for the next day. YUMMY.
3	I am not sure why so many of these are going out of business, but this was a solid lunch.  Had a new sandwich, chicken with pepper jack cheese and Ortega green chiles.  It is on awesome parmesan sourdough bread.  They also do not skimp on avocado, which is good.  The fries were not great.  The service was friendly and fast though.
3	This is one of the last Marie Callender's restaurants that's still open in town and it still has the tiny old school salad bar! The choices on the bar keep getting smaller and smaller and the price keeps going up and up, but there's something so comforting about Marie's salad bar. I could eat my weight in their vegetable soup (which is a good thing since it's always on the salad bar)! The food here is American comfort -- think tuna melt with fries, pot roast with mashed potatoes, chicken pot pie (famous and rightfully so), as well as healthy options like grilled vegetable tacos and lots of salads. My biggest beef is that the menu says they have Coke Zero but they do not have Coke Zero. Major bummer. The restaurant is VERY old school with a semi-depressing, dated decor. It's frequented by old timers who have probably been dining here since the mob heydays. Make sure you save room for pie, it is amazing no matter what flavor you get (the strawberry and chocolate cream are standouts). Expect to spend about $40 on lunch / dinner for 2 including 2 sodas, 2 entrees and salad bars. Add on pie and figure $50+. The prices are just too high for what you get but if you are looking for good, simple comfort food and delicious pies, this is your place.
5	The BEST PUMPKIN and BANANA cream pies in LAS VEGAS! On SALE in October for $7.99, this location never disappoints me for PIES!
4	Surprisingly, with a large group with different dietary needs, this was the best option for Sunday brunch (without waiting for an hour for a table). I enjoyed it a lot. I split a turkey dinner and an eggs/pancakes plate. The breakfast basket full of tasty treats was a great start. I even added the salad bar. The pie is definitely delicious. I was stuffed. Not fancy, but very satisfying.
