5	As far as Filipino food in Arizona, this is the place to go.  Lots of choices to choose from.  Pancit freshly made right as you wait, halo-halo which is to die for, and the lumpia is just delightful.The decor is plesant with Filipino television playing in the backround. The staff is ultra friendly and can speak English or Tagalog depending on your mood. Very clean place compared to the other Filipino places nearby, but the food speaks for itself.
4	out of the three filipino restaurants in Mesa i think this is the best, lots of choices in the food, and the cantelope drink is a must have.  the portions are really good, and price is very reasonable.  i took my friends there last week and they liked it.  only thing i ask the cook though is too go a little easier on the grease, but than again it wont be a filipino dish if there weren't grease oozing out of it  lol
3	I've eaten here and taken food home many times since it first opened in 2004.  Food is definitely greasy, but as I've said before, foods that are served buffet-style tend to have added fat to keep them from burning sitting on/under heat lamps for hours.  [At least that's what Shirley, former owner/cook of Lumpia Factory, told me.  Shirley, if you're reading this, please open up another restaurant!  Shirley shied away from using the buffet line (only used it on weekend breakfast buffets) and would cook meals to order.]Had dinner here tonight (12/2/8) after having had a bit of kalamaria at Zorba's Greek Cafe (not Zorba's Adult shop! LOL) down the street.  Had an idea to supplement the squid protein by getting some veggies from JB, but the buffet spread leaned heavily towards meat dishes with little or no veggies or (food allergy) shrimp entrees with lots of veggies.  :(  Still, $5.45 (that's already including tax!) for a two-entree combo with two 1/2 cup scoops of rice is nothing to sneeze at, so I had a plate of chicken apritada (stir-fried on-the-bone chicken with potato wedges, red bell peppers, onions, and carrots in a tomato-based sauce) and pork giniling (stir-fried ground pork with peas, green bell peppers, and onions).  As you might imagine, with the addition of red bell pepper, carrots, and peas, both entree choices were on the sweet side, which is alright, but the dish quickly bored my tastebuds due to lack of other flavor components (unlike Thai cuisine, where every bite offers a spicy, sweet, sour, and salty components to the mix!).  Even the adobo I sampled (sampling is encouraged here) was sweet.One definitely should try the lunch combos, when they're the freshest, or order the noodle dishes when they're available (usually from lunch to early afternoon).  I've never had the chance to try these noodle dishes [mamis, pancit (canton, malabon, and palabok] since I either partook of the lunch specials or I visited around dinner-time when these said items were no longer offered.  The halo-halo especial served here is pretty tasty!  Try the one with ube ice cream (another option, at least then, was mango- Philippine mango ice cream tastes just like Philippine mango, unlike mango flavors I've tried here in the States, where they do not actually TASTE like mango, but only taste like they SMELL- totally two different sensations.)  If you've never had halo-halo before, but have tried the Vietnamese version Che bau mau, then you kind of have an idea of the Pinoy version of it.  Ours, however, has NUMEROUS variations due to additional ingredients, such as leche flan (custard), ube halaya (a pudding, of sorts, made from ground purple yam cooked with coconut milk, butter, and sugar), coconut sport strings, jackfruit, tapioca pearls (boba to you!), and, well, you get the picture.  "Halo-halo especial" usually means ice cream is involved.  Jeepney Bistro is where I refer Filipinos and non-Filipinos to eat out of the handful of Chandler establishments the valley has to offer.  This may change, however, once I try a spot I recently stumbled upon a couple of weeks ago...  Stay tuned!
4	I never noticed this place when I was here in Chandler for 9 months in 2007, but the lady said they had been here for 5 years.  My loss.   Today I was driving through the center it is in and noticed it had Filipino food, which I have come to appreciate in San Diego recently.  I used the "point-point" method along with a few questions and ended up with my standby, Pork Sinigang, which was good, a pork snout mixture, and some rice.  The rice was mediocre but the other dishes were very good and I was glad I stopped here, even though it meant I didn't get as far as the places in Chandler I was anxious to get back to.  I now have a new favorite in town!  The combination I got was $6.50 and was way more food than I could eat in one sitting.  I will be back!(4/09)
2	Ay naku - Santo Nino...where are you? This place needs your help.I swear I will do an eternity of novenas just so they can get rid of the grease on their food.I was there several days ago and ordered their pork adobo. For the first time in my entire life I cringed over pork adobo. Me, cringing over pork adobo? what what what?!The layer of grease on it was...wow. For me to say it was so greasy I couldn't eat it is really saying something. I swear, even their plain rice  had a greasy feeling in my mouth. The flavor of everything was wonderful, but uggh...the grease. THE GREASE!!!I want to go back. I really do. But the grease stops me everytime.
3	Drove by today and found it is now closed.  "Greek's Grill" is in its place.
4	The thing I miss most about California food is my folks cooking, and so I was thrilled to find Jeepney Bistro because their food, at least the dishes I had were on par to my parent's cooking. In fact, I thought their pork adobo was better than my dad's, and that is saying a lot!The food is served family style and it's on display so you can see what the foods look like before you order it. For two, we got rice, pork adobo, munggo beans, and the pancit bihon. If you'd like to see pictures of the dishes and of the place, you can see what I took at my food blog: http://bit.ly/cZJ1JBI would give the place 5 stars if they had better dessert offerings as there wasn't much. The pancit bihon was ok but not stellar. The adobo and munggo beans were just like eating at mom & dad's.
4	From the San Diego Talk Thread, "Sinigang Soup for the Soul":"Okay, so  yesterday (6/3) I gave in to the swollen gums, right cheek, eye and right side of my lips and went to my cousin's highly recommended dentist in Chandler (AZ) and ended up with an emergency double-root-canal on two side-by-side molars that had cracked back in January and I hadn't taken care of.  So where did I go after filling my prescription at the local Costco Pharmacy?  Jeepney Bistro, a local Point-Point place I found here two trips ago.  Had a bowl of Sinigang and a plate of Bihon.  I left feeling like I'd had a good day in spite of the dental trauma.  Who needs chicken soup??http://www.jeepneybist...http://www.yelp.com/bi...I guess I just wrote my update, huh?"
4	I went here for lunch today and have found a new place to get my fix for filipino food.  They had a variety of dishes to choose from: pork adobo, pork sinigang, caldareta, mungo, menudo, sarchado - too many for me to remember.  They also offer a few dishes made to order.  Their combo meals come with rice and are reasonably priced ($4.85 for one item w/ rice, and about $6 for two items with rice).We ordered the pancit bihon, lumpia shanghai, and got a couple of combo meals with the sinigang and caldareta.  Everything was excellent.Service was quick, and very friendly.  I would have given them 5 stars if they had more dessert to offer, but still a place I will visit again.
3	I was going to give Jeepney Bistro a 4 star review until my most recent visit this past Sunday. The food needs to be kept warm instead of at room temperature plus the taste of the food wasn't the greatest on my last visit. So after at least a half dozen times patronizing Jeepney Bistro I'm just going to say that sometimes it's great and sometimes not so good. Anybody can have a bad day. I would rate this restaurant at 3.5 stars.When things are right, the Caldereta, Menudo, Adoba and Sinigang are delicious. I usually take some food home to eat during the week.
1	Quite disappointed. It was the only one open on Mondays though. I was searching for something as good as the food in LA, but no luck. Food was cold, expensive, servings were small. What they had on the menu wasn't there such as pancit. They said they stop making it at 4:30 pm and the place closes at 8:30 pm...wow. Never again, no matter how Bad the craving. Any suggestions for other Filipino restaurants worth eating in Chandler???
3	It was nice to see a business that's thriving but to combine a mini mart and a restaurant seems not good when people are eating while others are shopping for their groceries. It's kinna annoying when you're eating and people pass you by back and forth.I am Ok when someone serves me "tutong" cold rice because I can just mix it in with my warm food but honestly every customer should not be given that since it's just way of showing a, "Come what may service and WHATEVER attitude!" Always maintain the Filipino food standards even though you know you're the only Filipino Fast food in Chandler.
4	This and Gingeroot are the only places left close to me.  I pick this one when I want something packed up quick to go.  They have the pick-a-dish style setup and I like asking what I'm pointing at.  Some of the staff are more friendly than others, but they are all decent.  I've been here probably 5 times or so.  I've never gotten anything unappetizing.  I have little experience with Filipino food...that is to say I've never had a meal in someone's house by some old grandmother, so I don't know good pancit from bad pancit...good adobo from bad adobo.  But honestly, everything I've gotten from here on any visit has ranged from pretty good to delicious.  Compared to the late Karey's Kitchen (tear), Halo-Halo, also late Eggroll Lumpia Factory (tear), and Gingerroot...this food is just as good as any them.  At each place I've had at least one dish to completely wow me...and I've had about three here, and I'm sorry I don't remember the names!  I SHALL learn my Filipino cuisine, by darnit.The prices are decent, too I guess.  I mean you can get a 2 item combo over rice for like $8.  And the amount they give you is enough.One thing that blows me away every time is this fried pork..uhm...skin I guess???  Its in the tall case sitting on the counter, all fried and golden and evil.  This stuff probably takes months off of your life, but its just pure bad goodness.  And the sauce that comes with it could be put on a hubcap and taste good.I also enjoy their lumpia.  I've had it my last two visits and each time they were very light, fried perfectly, and stuffed generously.  And the taste is awesome!  Worth a whole star from this guy.The interior has a side for karaoke, which one day I will go and just sit and watch...  There's a decent amount of tables and its one of the bigger Filipino places inside.  Filipino grocery type stuff is along the walls and makes you want to try...something or another just to see what it tastes like.  A lot of deserts and snacks.  Very cool to read the packages while you wait.I now understand about the greasiness due to frequenting places like this lately.  Sometimes I do frown at how much of my food ends up being grease, but this is mainly noticeable when you have left overs the next day...warming it up is a grease-fest.  It seems a little greasier here than the other places I've visited.  But I must say, the food still taste great to me.Oh and get the cantaloupe juice!  Theirs is not as good as Halo-Halo's, but it's still one of the best things to drink on a hot day around here.
2	This is a tough one.  It's probably the best Filipino restaurant in the Phoenix area.  But that's not saying much, because the few there are here are really not good.  Compare Jeepney Bistro to one of the places in Filipino Town (Los Angeles), and they get blown away.And, for the record, my wife is a Filipina.  And she cooks MUCH better than the chef here.  No contest.  A lot less grease/fat/oil, that's for sure!!Also, their portions are a bit small.  Bigger than a few other places I could name, but still small.If you really want some Filipino food, and you don't know my wife to beg some from her, this is probably your best option without driving to LA.  But don't form your opinion of Filipino food based on this place.  Go to LA and try Bahay Kubo Natin, or some others, and you'll get a much better idea of what the cuisine is about!
4	Stopped by here for lunch a couple of days ago.  Food and service were very good.  Definitely going back again.
2	First off, the entrance to this place confuses the crap outta me!  When you arrive, go to the door you THINK will lead you into the dining room, then take a 90 degree right turn and use the other door that looks like it's blocked off.This food will do in a pinch, and it might not even satiate the craving...The dining room was empty and they were prepping the days food, so I may have come too early....but they were.....open......I ordered the Crispy pata (Deep fried pig trotter), and diniguan (Filipino deconstructed blood sausage is the best description I could come up with) two scoops of rice and two cokes.The Crispy pata was over cooked and DRY!!!! I should have known when she took it out of the fridge wrapped in tin foil. Me aculpa. The Diniguan was good and tasted as it should.I'm not sure what the total bill was, but it was definitely NOT worth it.Very warm dining room.Loose stools follwed shortly thereafter.
4	This was my first time having Filipino food at an actual restaurant.  I have had it catered at parties and made by some of my friends, but I never got a chance to actually go order something myself.  I saw some items that were pre-made, and I wasn't sure what most of them were.  I had a choice between a 2-3 item combo with rice or some items they can make fresh.  I had no idea how long the food was there, so I decided to go with Canton Noodles, which had curry flavored noodles, veggies, shrimp, and pork.  To go with it, I had this delicious cantaloupe drink made from fresh cantaloupe juice.  The juice was so delicious and fresh, and I can tell they didn't add any additional sugar!  My entree was absolutely delicious, and that is with the fact that I am not a huge fan of pork either.In the same time, I tried random items from my Filipino friend.  I don't remember the names, but one of them was almost like a soup with lemongrass type flavor.  The other was a curry looking chicken.  I am definitely going to a be bit more adventurous and try some of the pre-made dishes next time.
2	I was so disappointed in this place. I just moved out here and was craving filipino food and found this place based on reviews. Although the reviews were average, I was hoping to catch this place on one of its good days. Nope, not the case. The place is not much to look at and the food did not look good. I was hesitant to eat here but was so hungry and saw that they had my fav dishes, sinigang and diniguan. They were both ok, I've def had better. I ordered the pancit for my husband and it was terrible! He had maybe two bites and threw the rest away. Oh well, won't be coming back here. There's another filipino place in Phoenix so we'll be trying that next. Gingeroot, also in Chandler, is way better but expensive. Guess it's worth the price when you have your cravings!
4	I have a "don't ask, don't tell" policy when itcomes to Filipino food. I don't ask what it isbut I'll point at it. You just serve it to me and don't tell me what it REALLY is. This istrue for this place. I've been coming here fora while for lunch. Sometimes with a friend andsometimes it's just me alone. I usually get thepork adobo, the Diniguan and two scoops of rice.Diniguan is one of those things you don't want to really know about if you're squeamish. But itsure is good. I know this type of stuff definitelyain't what the doctor ordered but my shrink says go ahead if it makes you happy - and it does.It's in a strip mall with lots and lots of parking.Been to the next closest Filipino place around inthe Mekong Plaza and this place has a much better selection and better atmosphere in my opinion. Where else can you catch up on all the latest bizzare Filipino TV shows?
3	We just moved from CA where Filipino eateries are a dime a dozen, so you can imagine our desperation to find one out here.  Food is OK for a quick fix and prices were decent, feeding our family of 4 for $22.  Selection gave us a taste of home and staff was friendly.  Main complaints: dining room was stuffy and warm, bathroom was dirty.
5	I love this place! The food is great, everyone is friendly, and best of all... The price is right!
4	Love the food!
3	Order the Boodle Fight which is worth the wait and only served I believe on the weekends, enough to feed 6 people and was fresh!  Lumpia and pancit was good and basic.  The other dishes like sinigang was ok.  I make better at home personally.   The halo halo was a large portion.  The sari-sari store next door was convenient to get some basic 'Flip' items from.  The pick and choose buffet-style entries were ok.
2	Oh my. I really wanted to like this place more because there aren't many Filipino food choices in Phoenix, but it was just ok.The saving grace of this place was their special seafood layout (don't really know the official name of it) that we ordered on a Sunday at lunch time. It is only available at lunchtime and it consists of grilled shrimp, fish, rice and 2 sides all laid out on a table size platter of banana leaves. I went with 3 others and it was only $30! It was delicious!But then comes the bad part--I've had some of their prepared foods in the little trays and they were not very good. I am a huge kare-kare lover and it was not the creamy, savory stew I was used to. Also, their halo-halo and sago gulaman was.....HORRENDOUS! OMG I did NOT think it was possible to mess up such simple amazing desserts!!! The sago and jellies were so rock-hard and unappealing and the halo halo hardly had any filling. The crazy thing is they have a little section in the restaurant with grocery racks of Filipino foods, including the jars with the standard halo-halo ingredients! Why didn't they seem to use these??I would not recommend any of their regular food. But if you're looking for a unique Sunday lunch, you should try out their grilled seafood special.
2	So... when your establishment says they will be open at 8:30, and you arrive after 8:45, you'd think they would have food ready. Not the case. An unenthusiastic, stony-faced employee told us that they weren't ready to serve anything yet. We asked if we could take a look at the menu in the meantime, and the employee told us to look at their website. Um... what restaurant doesn't at least have a list of their items available for people to look through at their physical location (Or maybe he just didn't want us in the restaurant even though they are supposed to be open)? Disappointed, we left and ended up just making breakfast at home.Despite getting the cold shoulder in the morning, fate brought us to this area again in the evening. After an outing with the pups at the dog park, Jeepney was within such close proximity that we decided to try some items to go. I entered and while the unenthusiastic employee glanced briefly at me, no "Hi" or "Welcome" was to come my way. I had to go around the counter and wait for a few minutes until he decided to ask me what I wanted to order. There were maybe 10-12 items sitting in bins available, ready to serve up. I didn't see any heat lamps though, so I'm not sure how they kept the food hot? Some of the items, like the pancit, looked really dried out on the surface as if they had been sitting out for a very long time (Maybe since they started to make the food in the morning?). We ended up ordering 4 items with rice. They were as follows:Chicken adobo- good taste, with bone-in dark meat chicken. The sauce had a deep tasting soy-sauce flavored base, and reminded me of chicken my mom used to make when I was growing up.Mechado- This was a hearty beef stew. Another flavorful entree, with tender chunks of beef, and a thick tomato based sauce.Opo squash- Sliced squash marinated in a vinegar based sauce. The delicate, slightly sweet flavor of the squash contrasted with the sourness of the vinegar well. It was decent, but not a favorite dish out of the 4.Bopis- Another person at the counter said that the meat in this dish was pork liver. Taking it home, trying it, and then looking at the menu online, this dish is actually made with pork heart, which has a distinctly different texture and taste. There were some chewy white bits, which turned out to be pork snout. While the meat itself tasted alright, the sauce was too murky tasting and indistinct for me to actually like it.I had actually requested a few other dishes, since I had browsed through the online menu before entering, but the employee said they were out of them (Lechon Kawali, Dinuguan). The price was very inexpensive for the amount of food we got ($6.45 per 2 item combo). However, since some of the items weren't really that great tasting, and others looked very old, I'm not sure I'd order from the ready-made trays again. I've heard their family meal "Boodle Fight" is great, so maybe one of these days we will try Jeepney again in hopes of a better meal.
3	For some reason, I often find myself the only customer when I walk in to Jeepney Bistro. This happen at least three times, but I still order their food because it is truly Filipino cooking at its best in the valley (translation: tasty, greasy, and flavorful). The appeal of this place starts and ends with the food. I like most of them (sinigang, bopis, dinuguan....) and I don't often say that.As much as I like this place, I do have some sanitary suggestions: 1) immediately clear the used plates and utensils at the table and 2) perhaps move the stove and kitchen at the back away from the food counter and the customer's sight. I also have to agree with the other yelp reviewer about the open grocery store becoming a kind of distraction when one is concentrating with his eating, perhaps a thin divider just to define the border.Three stars, and let me just say thank you Jeepney Bistro for bringing the food that I grew up eating in the Philippines here in Chandler, my new side of town.
3	Whenever I'm on the West Coast, I make it a point to research whatever Filipino restaurants are in the area.  Chicago SERIOUSLY lacks in this area.  Thanks to Yelper's suggestions, my first stop was to Jeepney Bistro. There were a handful of ready made items, so I figured I'd get the two item combo.  I was hoping for some dinuguan, but, sadly, that wasn't an option.  I settled on the menudo and the sinigang (and it came with two scoops of rice).  There were also some desserts as well as a small grocery section.  Super casual restaurant with a good number of tables setup.  The two combo meal was SO cheap (under $8) and they really gave a large portion for the price.  The food was just what I needed and it definitely got me through the long night of work (without falling into a food coma!).  Yum.
2	I was really craving some Filipino and decided to give Jeepney a try. When i walked in there was a party going on and so there was little customer service at the counter. The food looked like it was sitting there all day and didn't look as appetizing. But i did drive out of my way to get there so I ordered a two item plate to go. The pork adobo was alright but not the best. I will not be going back.
5	I've been coming here for the past few years now and wanted to let the world know about the journey my taste buds took earlier. I'm not big on swine, but these dishes I tried earlier turned me into a "born again" pork punisher. I had some piggie cooked to perfection in coconut milk/ ginger, white rice, and more of that fine swine; drowning in a smooth peanut sauce. My mind wanted to keep goin but my tummy was at full capacity, so my ideal summertime dessert of ice cream (taro/jackfriut/or coconut) with jackfruit and coconut gel aka Halo Halo had to wait until my next visit. Don't let your eyes trick you into thinking that it doesn't taste like a lil bit of heaven or wait until you can get a groupon to check it out!! Take the fam or get some true bang for your buck by going there for the first friday of each month when they have an ALL YOU CAN EAT BUFFET of food that's fried or cooked in a banana leaf for only $9.99 per person. That's no typo. If you can find Filipino food this tasty for these prices anywhere else, then i'm yelping the wrong company.
4	The boodle fight meal served on weekends is quite an experience: it's a group affair where rice and various viands (bbq pork, grilled squid, and other items) are spread out on banana leaves and shared by 4 to 6 people. It's reminiscent of communal meals served in fiestas in some parts of the Philippines, though this particular variation is inspired by one mode of communal dining at the Philippine Military Academy. It's a lot of fun, and the food is good. While I enjoyed my weekend  boodle fight dining here, my experience with the regular weekday fare is less than spectacular. The food is OK, but I would rather go to Halo-halo Kitchen in Phoenix, where I can get similar items in bigger servings. My personal rating for this place is 3.5 stars but I'm rounding it up to 4 because of the weekend boodle fight meals.
3	We had lunch here yesterday (Friday) after doing a little business in Chandler.  It's just a little hole in the wall in a surprisingly quiet strip mall.  We just beat the rush and had plenty of time to look over all the options and ask questions about what it all was.  It did fill up quickly after we had secured our table.  They have a single or double combo with two scoops of rice, single serving options (small, medium or large) and a few other things you can get.  Wifey had the double combo with Pancit and Mongo (Mung Bean Soup) but also got an extra side of the Roast Pork (deep fried) and I got the Caldereta and the Mongo as well.  We shared a side order of the Shanghai Lumpia (6) and two canned sodas.  Everything was just great although they obviously don't trim the fat from the beef in the Calderata and so it was a little greasy but still good.  Wifey got some sticky rice with brown sugar dessert thing and wow was that ever good - in a Filipino dessert way.  The thing about Filipino food is that in its own way it can be really good when made by someone who knows what they're doing.  It's not at all "American" but you shouldn't be afraid to be just a little adventurous.  Like others have said, just point at something that looks good and don't worry about what's in it.  We were very happy and the drive back to Tucson was pleasant on our full bellies.  So, the bottom line is a solid 3-stars.  We liked the place and the folks behind the counter.  When we're in the area we'll go back.
4	= = = = =  JEEPNEY BISTRO LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = =Stopped in here today to enjoy Jeepney's Lunch Buffet, held on the first Friday of each month.  I was joined by Arlin B. and Norm R., and this mid-sized place was full to capacity with cheery customers by 11:30 AM!The Buffet consisted of 23 main food items, difficult to name off, but suffice it to say that everything I tried was somewhere between good and terriric!  This is the only Filipino Buffet in the Valley right now, and it beats the one that closed, Barrio Fiesta of Manila, by a kilo!I have visited the Philippines a number of times and it's a blast over there!  That just added to the joy of dining here today and makes me so tempted to give these guys 5 Stars.  If you're an adventurous meatie, try this place. You'll like it!     :-))Monthly Lunch Buffet $9.99 including canned beverage or bottled water.
1	We used to come here about 5 or 6 years ago...what the heck happened? This place has gone wayyyyyy down hill.First of all the food selection is lacking. Also, they even have food on the menu that they don't serve like what? We wanted to get bistek and the server said they don't have it. Also, the food was cold. Like can we borrow the microwave? Is that even safe food handling? Lastly, the food was so greasy...too greasy. I still feel the grease all over my hands and my face. Let's just say I am surprised that this place is still open.Now i remember why we stopped coming here in the first place.Boo
2	This was my first time here and was not happy. First of all I am not Filipino and didn't like that there wasn't any food labels to say what each dish was. Second the caldereta I bought was not even warm and seemed like it was just sitting there since the morning. On the bright side, I did like the menudo and sisig. This place has potential to be so much better. For now I will not be returning any time soon.
2	This is my first time going here. Not the best. Tinola was way too salty! The lumpia was sour and had a strange after taste. The experience was a let down. I might try this place again, but as a Filipino who knows good Filipino food, Id advice against going here. One good note, the staff were friendly.
2	Pretty greasy Filipino food here. No real good flavors and all the food is made and then just kinda sits out all day on a hot table. Not even covered. Pretty unsanitary.To be honest when we walked we were gonna walk out but the lady is very nice.We ordered 2 combo plates to try 4 diff things. All 4 we agreed we would never want to eat again. The amount of grease in these foods was unreal. Def not normal for Flip food.
