4	Pump that insulin, Susan!It's tough to be a type-1 diabetic who loves ice cream and waffle cones!  As I mentioned to one of my Yelp friends though, this is one time when I'm glad I'm a girl because it's socially acceptable for females to share a dessert.  It's even socially acceptable for a girl and a guy to share.  These sizes have become insanely huge!But anyway, Brusters's hasn't been around all that long.  Per their website, the chain was started by  Bruce Reed who opened his first store in Bridgewater, Pennsylvania in 1989 or so.  This one has been here awhile.  Sometimes my husband Rick and I will walk from our home in Squirrel Hill to this place.  It's located in an "eh" kind of strip mall, but it's really a nice place.  But as far as the ice cream is concerned, it's really wonderful.  Actually, I prefer their ice cream to Ben & Jerry's and it's every bit as good as Baskin Robbins.  And now that autumn is here, they are offering Fall Flavors like Pumpkin, Pumpkin Pecan, Dutch Apple Crunch, and Caramel Apple .But oh, the carbs here!  They have the large waffle cones and their specialty is the sundae in a waffle bowl!  Their website does list the carbs for vanilla and chocolate ice cream and they do have "no sugar, no fat" flavors.  The problem here is, as every diabetic knows, the carbs and the "no sugar, no fat" flavors are actually higher in carbs.  Pump that insulin, Susan, pump!"
4	I was beyond surprised to see Bruster's as we were running errands for the day as I've only seen them in Georgia.  Regardless of the low temps and snow, I asked my cousin to go through drive thru to see if it was really as good as I remembered it to be.  They had roughly 15 flavors available and it was really hard to pick one.  I really wish that their board had a tiny blurb about each flavor if it was a mix or their own combo.  Like I was a bit surprised that my turtle scoop consisted of chocolate instead of vanilla ice cream as its base.  In any case, it was rich and creamy.  The scoop was gigantic.  It's a bit too sweet for my palette now but still, delicious ice cream.
4	Summer's coming to an end girls.  What could be better than a nice walk with your guy to get some ice cream?  Bruster's is just over a mile from our place, so me and the husband took a nice evening stroll over to get some good ol' fashioned chocolate ice cream?  We shared that chocolate ice cream too.  Can't'cha just here them 50s doo-wop tunes playing?Well, it ain't that I wanted to share.  If I wasn't a type-1 diabetic, I could have packed away that monstorously good ice cream and the waffle cone.  As it was, Rick got the cone!
