4	The food is soooo good here! It's definately a family environment. On Tuesdays they do kids eat free and put all the families with kids in a separate room (which helps cut down on the racket for the rest of the guests) and put on a family movie. During the summer they do a band out on the patio and it can get pretty crazy. Most of the time though it's a happy hour crowd. Good beer specials and they always do a lunch special. Everything is homemade and there's a delicious dessert called the Dinosaur Egg which is fried ice cream. One warning - don't have too many drinks and then leave this place - it's a favorite of Fort Mill Police and they are always around on that stretch of road.
4	Good food. Decent variety including sandwiches and salads.
5	Great place!  Food is great and has really good beer specials.  They have trivia on Thursday nights which kicks ass!!!
4	Used to be better but has gradually gotten worse. Male service staff have an attitude (like you're doing them a favor). Avoid the "really frickin' hot" wings because they aren't hot and have a nasty Indian curry flavor. The next step down "hot" aren't. There is hardly any sauce and therefore hardly any taste and they are not even close to being hot. The sweet potato fries used to be good in both taste and quantity but now they barely give you any and they taste store bought. We won't spend any more money there until things improve, even though we can walk there from our house. If the bartender didn't also have an attitude I'd have some beers there but it's not to be.**Update 10-June-2010** Service has improved, male staff much nicer than previously.  Overall a good experience (except the really hot wings - sauce is weird still).  Thanks for the improvements.
4	Stuck in a strip mall off of 160 between Fort Mill and Tega Cay is this gem. The Towne Tavern of Fort Mill has good food at very reasonable prices. I recommend Tuesday nights when kids eat free and kids movies are shown.
3	Not a bad place to go have a beer and some pub grub... The food is not bad at all, with the exception of the wings which are bland and unimpressive. And they have some good bottled beer. Unfortunately they only have two beers on tap, I would stop by more often if they would add a few taps. The atmoshphere is pretty standard for a sports type bar and the waitstaff seems to be friendly and attentive. Overall, this is a great place to stop by and have a beer, or to bring your kids.But please... add a few more taps!!
4	This is mostly a bar/restaurant that caters to WNY transplants.  I myself lived in WNY for a while, and one of its few redeeming qualities is the food.  Towne Tavern matches 2 of the food staples there: the wings and the haddock fish fry.  In WNY, you get 4 choices of wings: hot, medium, mild, and char-b-q.  Hot is straight up Frank's hot sauce, medium is half hot sauce and half melted butter, and mild is about 2/3 melted butter and one third hot sauce.  Char-b-q wings are partially deep fried, and then placed over an open flame with sauce.  Towne Tavern doesn't serve those, but they serve the hot, medium, and mild to WNY specifications.  Yes, they have things like terriyaki flavored wings, but those would be a sin in WNY.That would be like serving iced tea from a fountain in the Carolinas.  The wings are made fresh and are very good.  The haddock fish fry is actually better than a lot I have had in WNY. It's two large pieces of haddock beer battered served with slaw and your choice of side.Another favorite menu item is tavern terriyaki which is grilled steak or chicken with terriyaki sauce served with a salad and cold spinach fettuccine noodles.  The combination works very well together.The rest of the menu items such as burgers and sandwiches are slightly better than what you would find at most bars.  The WNY beef on weck sandwich is okay but it's far from what you would get in Buffalo.They have a good selection of bottle beers, but could probably use some more on tap.  They usually only have Old Meck Copper and one other one.  The service is usually pretty good here too, though the wait staff is noticeably younger than a lot of other taverns/bars/restaurants in the area.I also give them props for being the first bar/restaurant in Fort Mill to ban smoking, and oce they had the cojones to do it, most other places stopped it before the ban even went into effect.
4	This is a good place to take the kids for a quick bite to eat.  I will say I have noticed recently some of the staple dinners I get have changed in portion sizes and quality for the worse.  Still a good place to go tho...I have been going since it opened.
4	The memorabilia on the walls are from various sports teams.   The owner works in some capacity for the Panters and that is how he gets them to visit on occasion for special fundraisers.    The food is bar food fills your belly while watching your favorite sports team (lose unfortunately) on this visit.  Be sure to get there early to get a good table if you plan to watch, some have better views then others.
5	Awesome place! Danny and hid crew know food and fun.
3	More of a sports bar than a restaurant. Loud-- gotta be in the party mood to enjoy the atmospere.Pub Grub! Gotta wanta have a beer!
5	This rating is for the ribs...best ribs I've ever had, in my life, period.  And I'm what many would consider a BBQ Connoisseur.  The rest of the food is your normal bar food, something you can use to soak up a couple drinks...although their sweet tater fries are amazing as well.  Alcohol is....well, alcohol.  They have that here.  In mass quantities.  A plus for any bar, I guess.Did I mention the ribs?
4	Football is king at Towne Tavern, and the brother princes of hockey, basketball and baseball vie for the crown throughout the year. Their court is comprised of raucous crews of kids eating for free on Tuesday nights and rogue interlopers consuming regular drink specials. Their lovely pedestal-seated princess is the most glorious ranch dressing in all of the land, who is often attacked by guerilla French fries who want her all to themselves.Decorated in traditional sports bar regalia, but focusing on the far away upstate New York and neighboring New England teams, Towne Tavern has a visible love for the refugees of cruelly cold winters. They come to Towne Tavern to eat, drink and reminisce about their homeland, and cheer for the Carolina teams on the side.Towne Tavern's menu is highlighted by their burgers and sandwiches, and their surprising level of quality salads, which are high in dark green lettuce content rather than iceberg, as many restaurants of that plane push.Service is inconsistent at TT at times; however, not such that it stops us from eating there.  Takeout orders sometimes take longer than they should to appear; so much so that it has occurred to me to wonder if it is done purposely so that those waiting at the bar for meals to go will order another beer.Overall, it is a solid place to eat, and is a staple restaurant in Fort Mill for upstate New York transplants and natives alike.
4	In my top three places to go for wings outside Buffalo. Anyone who says different, has had their palette ruined by crappy chain-store wings.Other thoughts:  Decent beer specials; the pub fare tastes decent; friendly staff; good atmosphere for watching a big game; deceptively large dining area.Cons:  This place loses a star for being a Sabres bar.  Go Leafs, go!
2	Eh. what can I say? It's a sports bar, just like any other sports bar. I've never gotten great service there, or even fast service, but I do like the homemade chips. Everything else is just okay.
4	Always have had friendly service here, both when we played Tuesday night Team Bingo (and it was busy) and when I stopped in for a Bills game (also busy).  Food is good, bathrooms and clean and they have an outdoor patio. Plus I can pay for my beer with my Bingo winnings! Can't  beat it.
2	Meh... We came in pretty early; not quite noon on a weekend - so they were just setting up -- I kind of got the impression that it was a bit of an "imposition" to bartender who was still prepping.  She did seem a bit more enthusiastic when the "Regulars" starting showing up.I love wings -- these were nothing special; very hot -- not hotbeer specials were pretty good -- better places in Fort Mill to hang out!
3	Went here for a late evening dinner after golf at Springfield Golf Club. It was recommended by some locals that hang here regulalrly.I like their wing specials. You can get either boneless or bone in wings. You have a choice of several sauces and then for small fee add fries and cole slaw.The wings were just OK, I had the honey bbq and it wasn't anything too special. The fries were better than average.The service was good, we had a table of seven. They serve draught Heineken which is unusual. Their sweet tea was way over sweet. It's not a fancy place but it seems popular with the locals. It has a strong sports oriented vibe and I expect it's the place to be when the Panthers play.They have one special room for Panther games and many autographed game day jerseys.
3	This was a little unorganized, but still a solid sports bar. They were very willing to flip the channels for us, which is nice.
4	Great burgers, great prices.  Fries could improve
4	Good sports bar, great wing flavors!
5	Generous pours, solid pub food, excellent and friendly bartenders and staff.  Lots of TVs makes it a perfect spot to hang with friends and watch the game.My favorites on the menu:1.  The buffalo chicken wrap2.  Tortilla soup3.  Cajun penne pasta with chickenAside from these, just about everything else on the menu has left me pleased.  However, I can't recommend the burgers - they tend to be on the dry side.  A lot of my friends also tend to prefer the tavern chips over the fries, but I like the fries just fine.As you can tell, I'm a regular - so take my review with a grain of salt.  But I'm a regular for a reason - its the best tavern in the Fort, and I've tried them all.
3	This is a nice place to come with the kids or friends and hang out in Fort Mill. The staff is super sweet and the food is always good and priced reasonably. They also have great deals for large parties.  I also like to go here for lunch when I have extra cash. There are almost always some cops or firefighters sitting down eating you can treat to lunch. The food is fast and the atmosphere is lightheated.  :)
1	Had a private reservation booked for our daughter's 21st birthday dinner. Imagine my shock when I arrived with 26 guests to find our room, booked since Jan, unavailable, They had booked over our reservation with a bachelorette party! I had just personally gone in a week before to introduce myself & see the space I had reserved. Met with the owner & manager DANNY, saw space, confirmed number of guests, and even discussed table set up, tab separations & high chair necessities. The manager on duty called him when we arrived & he denied ever meeting me! Needless to say, we will not return to Towne Tavern. We had family from 3 different states come for this dinner, & it was very upsetting not to have our space. I will say the manager on duty did his best to accommodate in the main dining area, but we decided to take our business elsewhere. Thank you to Beef o Brady's for giving us the space we needed at such short notice! Have always enjoyed Towne Tavern's food, but inexcusable service on the owner's part. We won't be back.
4	I just ran out for a quick lunch to catch some NCAA games and to grab some chicken wings which were  really good and meaty.  Staff was friendly and not overbearing.
2	Been here 3 times now - mixed feelings.Unfortunately the last 2 times the staff seemed disinterested in providing any reasonable level of service.First time they made an incredible vegetarian sandwich for the wife - enough she wanted to go back!  My burger was delicious too.  Service was great!Second time, our meals were a little less stellar.  Service was fair. ad - and I try LOTS if cobbler (my mom could make some awesome cobblers).Third time, meals were sub-par, service was almost non-existent.
3	It's a sports bar. Lots of TVs around the place. Lots of sports decor on the walls. Dimly lit so the TVs can be seen better.The food is fine. Nothing to complain about; nothing to write home about.Parking lot out front.
4	We have been regulars here for a while.  I would have said 5 stars, but I am not the biggest fan of the last menu change (it was changed a while ago).  Queso dip and gold medal sauce is awesome.  Get that gold medal on wings, boneless wings, wraps...doesn't matter.  It is great!  We have always been crazy about one of the waiters as well.  Haven't seen him around in a while, so we have now forgotten his name.  He was very very nice.  Only down side is the parking can be a pain sometimes.  Lot has tiny spaces and not enough of them.
4	Great place! Wes was an amazing server, even switched tables without us asking so we could see our football game better. The bartender was a chatty waste of space but you can't have everything, right? Food was great and atmosphere was good as well. Great place!
3	Very hit or miss place.  Never had the same service or food quality twice.  Solid spot to get bar food.  Open late when not many other Fort Mill restaurants are.$2 bottles and cansbeer all day Saturday can't be beat
5	I found this place by accident when I first moved to York County almost 5 years ago. As a native New Yorker (Rochester) this place immediately felt like home. If you're looking for somewhere to drown your sorrows while watching a Sabres or Bills game, the Tavern is for you. Good food (especially the wings) and service. There's always always a good game on the TV, and they even have Labatts at the bar!
4	Stopped in here a few weeks ago with visiting family for lunch. Had an awesome California chopped salad ! Service was great , everyone was happy! I've been back twice, nice to find a local spot you can depend on.
3	Not what it used to be.  I recall the portions bigger and the food being better.  The acoustics are poor as you can't hear anything.  I swear they used be be better.  Location is good but parking can be tough on game days.  Hate to be there when the wealthy wasps are watching their Giants on Sunday.
1	Found this place on yelp and thought to give it a try. Service was good. We were well taken care of. Food was okay and way too greasy for our liking. It was overpriced for the amount of food received. Not sure we will ever return.
4	A little slice of a northern sports bar.  Towne Tavern is what you'd expect find in a sports bar from the Midwest to the Northeast.This is a spacious place with a backroom for get-togethers.  There are many TVs to pick out the game you want to watch.  There are always specials and options for how much you want to spend on booze.The wings here are solid...exactly what you should expect when you want hotwings.  Yes, they serve alot of bar food, but most of the food is pretty good, so don't be afraid to try something that isn't fried (unless of course, it's the fried fish...they know how to nail this).The service can vary a bit...but it's usually quick and friendly.  This is a great place to meetup with coworkers, friends, or an afternoon of beer and chicken wings.Try:  The fried haddockAvoid:  The beef on weck (you'll want to go to Lebowski's if you want one)
