4	I've been to this one twice already since it opened. It's a family favorite.
3	Barro's PIzza in South Chandler,  Pizza overall ok,  I choose the white pizza.  it was ahh ok.  Pizza crust, cooked very nice with a crisp crust.  Everything is clean and looks nice.  Nothing really jumps out at me why I would differ this place from anywhere else.  Family Story, Barro's Pizza has over 30 locations and still growing.   I'm glad for them I"ll be back at another locations with friends and hope to give a  review why I became a fan. for now  umm. okKevin
4	This time we got delivery.....said it was 45 min....but it came early in 30 min....they LIED! I want accuracy people. Anywho....had the deep dish pizza half pepperoni and mushrooms....and half bacon and green peppers. They are not stingy on the bacon which made the pizza delicious. This place....second time around...hands down best pan style deep dish around. Of course I will order again......
4	Went here for the first time since moving to Chandler. Pizza was very good and the service was great. Quality ingredients, cooked to perfection. We will be returning.
5	This place has the BEST kids meals in South Chandler.  It's cheap, fresh, and yummy
4	Great Chicago style pizza and AMAZING mozzarella sticks. My mouth is watering just thinking about them... I can't wait to go back to Arizona. Definitely make a stop here if you're a pizza lover.The entire restaurant is doused in sports memorabilia and every TV is on a different sporting event. I think there is even some arcade games in the back!
5	Barro's is our favorite pizza for family night and we love their generous and meaty boneless wings.
4	According to my wife and kids, the pizza is the best in this part of the Valley.  According to me, their gluten-free pizza is the second best I've ever had (#1 is Palo Alto Pizza in, well, Palo Alto).  Much better crust than the Barro's on Power and destroys the spongey gluten free substance called pizza at a number of other places.The wings are huge and delicious.  Great place for kids and dads looking to watch some sports while their kids play in the kids' area.
2	My experience here on Friday night was bad enough to prompt me to start a Yelp account to alert anyone considering eating here.  First the positives,  The TVs were positioned in a way that you could see the from from any seat, they seemed to have a decent selection of beers, video games for the kids, the price for 24 hot wings and a small pizza and 2 sodas was $27, I think that would have been a good deal had the food been better.  The wings were typical freezer to fryer cooked too long to the point of dry and tough.  They were cooked hot but the sauce was cold and thick on the wings.  For 24 wings we got four thinner than pencil sticks of celery and three giant containers of shelf stable ranch.  I ordered thin crust pizza, the cheese was good but the edges of the crust were cooked dark brown and cracker crisp.  I asked the girl at the counter, after I tried to eat it and couldn't, if that is how it is always served, after affirming this unusual practice I decided to review them on Yelp.  Maybe that is the way it is supposed to be.  Just not for me.
4	Staff is great and definitely set up for kids to be entertained.  The wings are great.The pizza isn't bad, but isn't spectacular which is why I didn't give more stars.  The thin crust is much better, the thicker crust tends to be a lot of bread and little toppings.  Not the Chicago style that I'm used to.  Beer is nice and cold and a decent selection.
4	hot wing pizza!  ...just what i was craving,we ordered carryout on a sunday... it was ready in twenty minutes.  we ordered an antipasto salad to start... which wasn't too thrilling.  but the pizza made up for it!  each slice was a meal in itself.will definitely be going back. :)
5	We love the pizza at Barros. The restaurant is always clean which is a pretty big deal as well!! They are usually really quick with the order, although on a friday night when it is busy you might have to wait a little bit, but not too bad. I think the price is pretty good as well.
4	Great pizza and wings for the money. Crust is on the medium thickness side which i really like, sauce is tasty and they are generous with the cheese and toppings.Wings are large and the sauces are good (Especially the Honey Hot and Sweet Chile). Ranch and blue cheese are good as well.If dining in they have good prices on beer as well.
1	I hear the pizzas are good. Too bad the person answering the phone couldn't take down my address correctly. After the third time spelling the address, telling her the cross streets and the name of the development (plus 4 holds) I just gave up.  Easier to call Amalfi and drive over and pick up a pizza, than get frustrated on the phone. Might try again when I have lots of time for a phone call or if someone answers the phone that can take an order.
4	Its pizza yo check out their lunch specials will you get a pizza slice and a drink for a couple bucks and your hot wings were the bomb you got a try them.  Also, they have a special at lunchtime for the ice cold beer in the pitcher I tried drinking by myself be careful. Twisted.....
5	Nailed it again !!!   Stopped in for a fresh slice, salad and a cold one !!  Welcomed Justin from Seattle and introduced him to our favorite pizza here in hot and sunny Arizona.
4	Pizza and beer.  That should be enough, but not enough for the yelp crowd....We enjoy the pizza ....and the ravioli with meatballs is quite tasty.  The sauce is tangy and flavorful...   Their salads are a little "off", but I wouldn't be at Barro's for salad as my main course, either...
