3	Wow!  This place changes hands from one owner to another every time we turn around...  Bamboo Palace Buffet, Four Seasons Buffet, Hong Kong King Buffet, Pacific Seafood Buffet, but it doesn't usually change hands in the middle of a Grand Opening!  Well, welcome to the wacky world of Buffet, 2013 style!So this new Pacific Seafood has opened, but now it's already "Version 2".  The name is staying almost the same (so far today), but it now has new owners and new (mostly NOT sea) food.  Of course I used all of this as an excuse to whip back over here & feast away, starting with some Hot & Sour Soup, which was good.  (A Buffet a day keeps the diet away!)     :-)So this new, new place is now offering 134 food items, plus sauces and dressings.  After the soup I went with a plate of various kinds of Sushi from the generous array, & all of it was delicious.  Then, after Caesar Salad plus various goodies added in... seaweed & so on, it was over to try the Mongolian style BBQ.  It was good, featuring shrimp, beef, pork and chicken, as well as tasty Chinese Snow Peas, and the rest of what you'd expect.Some other standout dishes today were genuine fresh pineapple slices, BBQ Spare Ribs, tender broiled steak, excellent fried Catfish (mild and not muddy taste), flavorful Bok Choy in fish juice, omelets with lots of goodies inside (which they called something completely different), ok Egg Foo Young but with filmy gravy that needed to be stirred more often, & many other dishes.  For finishing up, there was a good variety of desserts offered included EIGHT kinds of real ice cream, chilled to the right temperature so you could scoop it out.     :-)This current rendition of the place doesn't bring it up to match nearby China City or the two other Pacific Seafood Buffets, but the food was good, seating was comfortable, light, sound (even with some TV) and room temperature were all fine.The weekday lunch price is reasonable at $7.59/6.83 Sr.  Saturday is $8.59/7.73 Sr. and Dinner (4 PM+ & all day Sunday) $10.99/$9 Sr.They can host banquets & parties with seating for up to 200, and there's a regular menu available here you could order from anytime, but WHY???     :-))
3	Went to this buffet for lunch wanting some crab legs and fried shrimp. For sure a "seafood buffet" would have these two seafood staples. Much to my disappointment they had neither on the lunch buffet. What I found was just another Chinese buffet, though the quality was better than others I've had.Not a fan of any chinese buffet and the only thing that would cause me to go back is if it were in fact a seafood buffet and not a chinese buffet. The reason for my three star rating is I feel the name is deceptive as it is just chinese buffet with a name indicating it is something else.Not bad if you know what it is and that is what you're looking for.
3	First time trying them out as they have only recently reopened. It is a favorite of a friend's though and he was very happy to see them reappear on the culinary map. I was very impressed with the large selection. The food was very tasty and freshly cooked. The sushi was excellent and the cooked fish was still moist even after sitting under the hot lamps for a while. I would be happy to return even though I can guarantee my friend will be choosing it as a place to catch up.
1	Literally the worst in the area. I like Chinese food a lot but thus was overpriced with tasteless food. They got my one time donation but I won't be back. I have been in Asia, and this looked like third world fish! GROSS. They had "escargot" the size of giant turbo snails - the chicken was tough, the rice dried out, the food literally tasteless. If this is seafood it is for the bottom feeder. Priced way to high, and kids 10-12 are charged adult prices. The sushi was ok - and the best tasting thing was the canned pudding. I literally almost warned a family as they walked in, wish someone had warned me before I dropped almost $40 on a buffet for 2 adults, 1 kid and we all left hungry.
1	Well there is food and a lot of it. About 20% of it is edible the other 80% is questionable. The fragrant and aromatic scent of rotting meat hits you as you walk in the door. The room temperature seafood will keep you coming back for more. NOT! go somewhere else. This place is no good!
1	Dont go here. I love seafood and wanted some good shrimp and crab. This is not the place to get it. Food is bland. Fake crab is smothered in cheese...really disgusting.  Eggrolls were nothing spectacular.  You could buy better ones premade at the grocery store. Even the salad bar was sad. Cut up sandwich meat. Possibly expired dressing that tasted just wrong. The employees seemed nice so I feel ok about giving the one star. But thts it..this place is awful. $20 for two people. Your better off going to Chili's or Olive Garden. .
3	Came here for lunch a couple of times and it has a great variety of food. Anywhere from Chinese food, sushi, Mongolian BBQ, some American food, a salad buffet and a dessert bar. Some much food so little time and unless you want to end up with a couple sizes bigger on your pant size, I'd recommend taking it easy and trying a little of everything. I know but it's a buffet, I'm just giving you the warning. Anyways, I liked the Chinese food which was decent. Sushi was good. And the Mongolian BBQ was good also. Worth the money if you like buffets with lots of different foods.
1	No wonder this place open and closed so many times.  'Deception', The sign say "seafood", but it is just another ordinary oriental buffet.The food is ok; the price is ok; plenty to choose from. I would have given it a three star,  But I cannot get over this feeling I had been; HAD,  deceived,  suckered, (maybe its me. I dunno, I just have a hard time getting over it)I am going to give it a one star for deception. This is definitively NOT a seafood buffet; it is simply another oriental buffet. Remind me of a cartoon; the crook in jail said, "I am an honest guy"
1	There was a cockroach strolling on my table while I was eating.  When I asked the waiter to remove it, he waited for about 30 seconds,  like he was waiting for the bug to just crawl on its way. After my demand to remove it for the second time,  then he picked it up with a napkin.  I've been eating at this place for several times now, and this was the first time I encountered a bug. Once is more than enough.  The manager said it was sprayed a few days earlier, which made the roaches to come out and more active.  Awesome.
5	Very nice surprise!  A little selection of food but it was actually very good. Love the fried rice and the shrimp...
1	I'd rather have EBOLA. The truth is, this place has gone downhill quickly. Nothing is EVER labeled right. The dishes are either cold, or over cooked. The prices seem to change slightly depending on who the server is at the time, and the iced tea tastes like it's made with recycled teabags. One time we saw a roach, it almost took my wallet. To say it's dirty would be giving dirty places a bad name. I'm a fat guy who likes buffets, but this place had me packing it up before I even finished the first plate. Don't be fooled into thinking that this is like Pacific Seafood & Buffet in Tempe or on Bell Road... it's kind of got the same name, but lots of shame in its game. Seafood here means overcooked fish and stale sushi. If you want crab legs, go at night, and pay a lot more for dried out crab legs. I guess if you are looking for a selection of 6 different shrimp dishes that all taste exactly the same, it's awesome. If anything here was "cooked fresh" that clearly means BEFORE it was shipped from overseas... AVOID, unless you like vomiting.
1	Shitty food, not very good service. Never return. This place is NOT good. Expensive with no Good Seafood at all.
1	#DoNotEatHere! More like BARFet! The only word I can come up with to summarize this experience is GROSS! #PacificSeafoodBuffet is on Dysart north of Van Buren across from Peter Piper.  The "food" is not safe for consumption.  I refuse to allow this place to go unreported. Any establishment who does not have enough respect for their customers to serve safe food does not deserve the public's patronage. We went there tonight expecting to enjoy crab legs and they STUNK! They were spoiled. The beef and broccoli was soggy even after they brought out a new tray the orange chicken was more like sour breaded fried dumplings, the rice was hard like it was from two days ago,the pizza was hard and the salad was wilted. The only tolerable food was french fries and that chicken on a stick.
1	So we have come to this place a few times now and each time it has gotten worse.  Today was the final straw.  One of the hot tables was completely shut down, no food out at all.  The rest of the food that was out was over cooked, nasty, bull sh@t!!  The service has absolutely not friendliness or inclination that they are happy you are there as a customer.  I had to ask the server for every refill we had and had to ask for the check at the end.  At no point did this person ask us if we needed anything.  When the drinks and bill were brought he simply slid them onto the table as he walked by.  I have not experienced any bugs here yet, but it would not surprise me.  We will not return to this place again.  The sad thing is that it is so hard to find any decent Chinese food in Arizona.  Everyone do yourself a favor and not eat at this location.  Let them go out of business please.
5	I've been here 5 times in the last 2 weeks every time it's been good and they have changed out different and better food items. The best buffet I've been to in a long time
