5	Dr. Becky has a magic touch and treats the whole person, not just your out-of-sync self. I went to Dr. Becky for prenatal chiro care since my baby was sitting in the breech position. A week and 3 appointments later, my body was in-line and my baby turned! I continue to see Dr. Becky to keep everything in line in the hopes for a natural childbirth. She suggested ways to improve my posture and day-to-day activities which will encourage my body to stay in-line. She also brought up my 2-year olds distinctive walk which I had just mentioned and was dismissed by his pediatrician. Dr. Becky explained ways chiropractic care can help my son and his hip alignment so he won't struggle with this throughout his life (like my brother and Dad have to this day). I can't say enough how ecstatic I am that I was referred to Dr. Becky.
5	I highly recommend Dr Kleckner at Kids Rising.  I brought my ten year old son in because I believe he is having stomach aches because of stress.  He has been seen by his pediatrician who ruled out any medical problems.Dr Kleckner was wonderful with my son.  She spent a lot of time with us and really made both of us feel very comfortable.  She did an assessment and an adjustment.  She also review some supplements to give him.  He is already feeling better and I am very pleased.
5	Dr Kleckner is a fantastic children's chiropractor. She has treated both of my children age 4 and 2. Her calm and caring nature allowed my children to relax and receive a complete and effective chiropractic adjustment. We live out of the area and plan to take the time to travel to Dr Kleckner as she is truly gifted in her ability to care for children. As a patient of Dr Kleckner's I have also received treatments from Dr Kleckner and realized that her ability to make pinpoint cervical adjustments have been superior to adjustments I have received from other chiropractors. If you want a chiropractor that  is truly passionate about their profession , cares and loves what they do I recommend you see Dr Kleckner
5	Dr. Kleckner has done it again!!  this woman has saved my life on numerous occasions! during both pregnancies I went and saw her and immediately felt good results!! currently I went to her (not even pregnant) and wow!!! thank God I did!!! this woman has healing hands and a winning personality!!! Love her!!!
5	Dr. Becky is, hands down, the best chiropractor I've ever had (and I've had 10). I started seeing her during my pregnancy. She's the only one who can get rid of my pain & headaches and gets my adjustments to last. She has adjusted my son since birth(he's now 3) and is the only one I would ever trust with his health and well-being. One morning he woke with an earache and after a session with her and a nap, it was gone!  Everyone I've ever sent to her absolutely loves her and feels immediate relief. She is extremely knowledgeable about a multitude of things such as pediatrics, nutrition, sensory processing, supplements, breastfeeding, pregnancy, and of course, the human body.  She is an artist and master of her trade. I am so grateful to have such an amazing practitioner for my family!
