4	We rented a van to move some furniture from Minneapolis to Madison (in one day) on a Sunday, and the only car rental places open on Sunday in the great city of Madison are the ones at the airport. (Uhaul was way too expensive!)  The polite man at the counter helped guide us to the best deal he could find and even let us cross that little old state line without paying a fee. We rented a van so new it only had 500 miles, it was clean, and it got us there and back.
4	Big plus: the baggage claim is RIGHT next to the rental car stations. WELL DONE MADISON. Big minus: you have to walk to a giant, hard-to-navigate parking lot to find your car/rental company. Recall that 6 months out of the year the weather can be COLD.Edge: friendly staff. Even though they sneak a cig on the walk from the desk to the lot. Gotta keep it real.
5	First time renting a car and the people behind the desk were great!  They helped us through the process, making sure we understood everything and they had great recommendations.  I will probably never be back, but if I did ever return to Madison, I would use Enterprise.
5	This is a shout-out to Matt & Ashley at this location.  They are awesome!!  On a super cold day when it was already dark & snowing, Matt completed my rental agreement, put on his coat, went outside to get my car & then drove it around so that I just had to hop in.   Ashley is also super nice & helpful, and was able to assist me with a larger car when I needed one.  I hope corporate is reading these reviews, because the Madison location of Enterprise is doing it correctly!  Thanks Matt & Ashley!
5	Thanks for making a great trip even better - quick, caring service and a free upgrade to a great Jeep Patriot that we really enjoyed. Enterprise is all I've used for years and I don't see myself ever changing. Rare that service in your business is this good.
2	Convenient location.  Was traveling with a small infant and needed a car seat.  I booked everything online and called to confirm.  When I got to the rental desk the price was $100 more for the ten days than the online price I was given.  I was told it was a 25% deposit.  When I dropped the car off it still cost me $100 more, so no 25% deposit.  The car seat was not ready when I arrived and I was told she had gotten me a nice "clean" one.  The car seat was disgusting:  full of crumbs and food leftovers and smelled horrible.  I had to cut holes I a blanket to run the straps of the car seat through because it was so nasty.  My word of advice:  don't ever rent a car seat!  When I inquired about car seat installation I was told they are not aloud to install them due to liability reasons which wasn't a problem.  When I asked for the installation instructions and they didn't have them that was a problem.  She said she would send her manager out to instruct me but he was just as clueless as she is about the word "clean".  Next month I will be renting from any other company besides enterprise.  There are about 4-5 to choose from at that location.
2	I typically rent my cars through Enterprise, but this experience has me shaking my head. I landed less than 30 minutes early and went to get my rental. When I got to the counter I was told they didn't even have a car the property and would make some phone calls. They told me they had another car, but they wanted to charge me extra. (I've always been upgraded at no extra cost in these situations) I booked my car through hotwire and was told that by choosing a compact over economy that I would get more features. However, when I got my car it didn't even have cruise and I had to put on about 300 miles. The car didn't drive straight, wasn't that clean (front windshield was streaked from the inside and something was spilled in the center cup holder.) There were no power seats or adjustable steering wheel. (I found a lever, but it didn't seem to do anything - broken maybe?) I was mostly upset that the car didn't have cruise, you would think that would be a standard feature. When I returned the car and the lady asked me how it was, I told her that I was unhappy, but she didn't seem to really have anything to say except when I told her my biggest complaint was that it didn't have cruise, she did say that the guy who issued the car to me at the airport should have told me that. Come on Enterprise... you can do better than this!!!
1	NEVER have I been stranded at an airport because a reserved vehicle was unavailable.  I arrived in Madison---on time---with a confirmed RESERVATION made through Enterprise's website.   I waited at the counter for over 5 minutes while the agent talked to a co-worker or friend on the phone.   When she was done and I handed her my ID and credit card and told her I had a reservation she said "that won't do you any good"  "We are out of cars".  I asked how long of a wait and she said "maybe an hour----maybe not until tomorrow".    So having traveled thousands of miles today, I am now stranded at the airport.  She offered no options----no taxi service, etc.  NOTHING...and on top of it she was RUDE and offensive in her handling.   She took great delight in informing me that there were fourteen others waiting in front of me that also didn't have cars.   Fortunately, a travel companion had a reservation with HERTZ who handled his reservation professionally and quickly.   I got a ride from him to my hotel and will deal with this fiasco tomorrow morning.   You can rest assured I will NEVER RENT FROM ENTERPRISE AGAIN.      Awful does not begin to describe tonight's experience.   She's one heck of a good will ambassador for the Madison area.  Word of advice---if you think your reservation with Enterprise guarantees a car, guess again.  Cancel and go with a reputable company
3	Typical Enterprise.  No complaints, but nothing above and beyond.
