3	Bigger then normal Dunkin donuts location, but mostly seating. Service was friendly  . Today was Grand opening.
5	Finally a Dunkin Donuts Drive Thru close to home!  I can't wait to go since today is the opening day!!! It was better than it being a Carl's Jr.  They are open from 5am - 8pm.  Okay went there finally.  It has a lot of seating with plenty of power and usb outlets.  Chairs, tables ans sofas everywhere.  My drink was perfect.  They were very friendly and I did pick up a new perks card.  So far I love this place and the staff.
4	Stopped by because I heard they were doing a 50 cent medium coffee special for grand opening. The employees were knowlegeable about the menu, friendly and fast...my drink was out about a minute after I paid which is really awesome if you're in a hurry. I like how the store is really spacious and there are a handful of comfy arm chairs in addition to table seating. I guess they're trying to make Dunkin' the new place to hang? There's free wi-fi too so you can get some work done while getting some coffee and treats
1	Perfect example of how you should not run a business. Ordered a large iced Americano on 2 occasions, prices were trickling into the $5.00 range. My total was $4.27 found the .27 cents and offered to get $1.00 back,cashier stated it's done already.Sticking with my regular place going forward
5	I came in today to check out this newly opened store. I'm glad I did. The parking lot was empty along with the store.  However, it was noon.  The store was clean and sparkling as a new store should be!I got quick, friendly service and my order was correct.  I ordered a coffee  cake muffin that was delicious!  I used a coupon from The Sunday with no problem. The cashier gave it back to me to use again,  it expired the next day. But that was nice of her anyway.  Overall, a great experience in the new store P.S. - there is a survey on your receipt!
3	When I heard Dunkin' opened a new store, and how nice it was, I had to go see it.  It is definitely their biggest store yet in Las Vegas.  It reminds me a lot of the Dunkin' locations in the Northeast.  And it is nice.  It's a bit of a hassle if you're driving Northbound on Durango.  You're best bet is to take a left on Spring Mountain and turn into the shopping center on the right.  Then enter through the back way.  And my coffee was fine.  However, the person who waited on me, was not trained well.  I always bring my mug, and he had to ask me how many ounces it held.  After searching through the register he had to ask another employee how to ring it up.  Then he asked me again how many ounces it held.  Between the two of them, they were able to ring me up.  While my coffee was being prepared, he asked me if I cared for any donuts or anything else.  Now, I had already paid for my coffee, so isn't this a question that should be asked before I was rung up for the coffee?  The coffee was outstanding as always, and it is a nice location.  However, let's better train the staff, shall we?!
4	This is my local Dunkin Donuts as it's only a mile or so away, and I'm so glad that it opened!I regularly stop by here for an iced coffee, and I find the manager and the employees to be extremely helpful and accommodating. The manager in particular, he really knows what he's doing, and he seems genuinely interested in creating a loyal customer base...something that's pretty rare in chain places.I stick with the regular iced coffee because flavor shots have come out really really sweet, but that's pretty standard for any Dunkin Donuts. It's a great addition to the area, and I'm always grateful it's so close when I'm rushing to work and I didn't have time to make myself a coffee!
5	Great customer service, iced coffee is way better than Starbucks and price is cheaper. There is never a wait easy to get something quick before work.
1	Don't go there if you want a pleasant experience with the staff.  A bunch iLife kids that could care less about customer satisfaction.
1	For the price you pay these are some of the most saddest donuts you've ever seen, isn't it. I won't go back to Dunkin Donuts any more- competitors here I come. Even the cashier doesn't even know exactly what the cost of things are very uninformed and not properly trained.
1	Donuts were not worth the calories.  Sad is what one person posted... Totally right.  The saddest donuts ever .  No taste.  Somewhat mushy and does not have the crispness you would expect.  No competition for their competitors.  Coffee was not robust.  Tasted like cheap coffee... Not like Dunkin Donut original.  Maybe watered down.  Do not bother.  Corporate needs to get in there and fix this place.  Maybe later if you are desperate.
4	So glad to see a DD out here in Vegas while visiting here. Ahhh the comforts of home. As always the coffee hits the spot and a midday wake up call! So happy! Very clean and prompt service!
1	Sunday morning isn't a great day for new employees but I'm chill - first nobody made my coolata while my food got cold :/ 2nd when I finally got it - it was melted even though I had just gotten itby the time I came home my sammy was all mushy instead of nice & crispThrew it in the broiler for 2 minutes & it completely burnt up :(But why should I have to come home & cook after spending $ on food?!Plus the everything bagel I ordered for the other sammy wasn't everything - plain Jane something  I NEVER would've ordered Don't let me spend $30 on shit I don't want!Shame on you dunkin donuts!Going back to Pink Box!
5	Their coffees and lattes are better than Starbucks on so many levels! Their doughnuts aren't quite fresh but they have delicious flavor a. Try the pumpkin pie :)
3	The manager here is a nice guy, service probably being the only distinguishing factor of all the Dunkin Donuts in the area. I love the munchkins, but it's hard to get them mid-day in any location in the area. Sensing my sadness, he threw in a pumpkin spice munchkin sample in our order for me to try. Since it's so close the the park, a lot of large parties can come in here and wipe out their supply, so be forewarned.
3	Donuts and coffee on the go. This location is convenient since it has a drive through. I still don't love Dunkin Donuts, but in the area this place is hard to pass up based on convenience alone.
