2	Appointment time 2:45. Saw optometrist at 4:00. Wait was way too long. Selection of frames was underwhelming. The doctor always seems to be selling you something instead of listening to you.
5	I've been a patient at this office for several years now & I've received nothing but friendly prompt service every time. From the front desk, to the doctors assistant, they have me in & out within 30 mins & on with my day. Dr. Mancuso always makes sure I'm aware of all options pertaining to my eye issues but is never pushy. I will continue to be a loyal patient.
1	Had a multitude of sub-par experiences here.  I can attest to the earlier review of being upsold to, a general impression of disinterest from the doctor, as well as long wait times in the office.  I went in for a contact lenses in the Spring/Summer of 2013, and as someone with astigmatism, I was upsold into a hard/soft hybrid contact lens that was new to the market and would supposedly "revolutionize" my near-sighted vision correction.  Before I detail that, let me take a moment to discuss the "bedside manner" of Doctor Mancuso, which is to say that it's particularly poor.  I did not feel that he was invested or interested in hearing about my eye health, and worse, he seemed to feel the need to use my eyes as his practice dummy to remove the hybrid contacts (which he wasn't very familiar with) and scratched them pretty heavily in the process.  His solution to this was "pain go buh-bye" eyedrops (his words, not mine)... needless to say, in addition to the scratched eye, I didn't enjoy his speaking to me like I was a 6-year old either.Back to the hybrid lenses:  Fast forward to several follow up appointments and refittings and one miserable summer of never being arms reach away from very expensive eye lubricating drops and where it seemed that I'd never be a contact wearer again.  After finally just having enough of the dry, painful hybrid lenses I was testing.  I returned the lenses to the office and demanded to go back to my old brand of soft lenses.  Dr. Mancuso seemed crestfallen (as I think I cost him a commission), he tried his best to let the process continue of refittings and adjustments and held over me that my eyesight wouldn't be nearly as clear with my old soft toric lenses.  I insisted, however, and he finally ordered the soft lenses for me to which I've had no further issues with in terms of vision.Fast forward again:  Adding insult to injury, last month, I called requesting a re-up on my 6-month contact supply and was told they would take 7-10 days and that I would be called when the order arrived.  I was even invited to pay for them via phone, but I declined, saying I'd do so in person.  After 3 weeks without a call from the office to confirm their arrival, I called today to be told that no order was placed and that I'd be needed in for a follow up appointment.  My prescription had run out and I'd be needed in the office for a new appointment before an order could be placed.No consideration was given for the fact that Doctor Mancuso wasted over 3 months of my time with the hybrid lenses that he was ill-equipped to sell, service, or do fittings on.  It's been well under a year since I ordered the soft lenses, and that he's not able to put in a reorder in given the circumstances is insulting.  The level of passive-aggressive customer service among his staff in the office to not call me after telling me order was being placed is nearly worse.There are a lot of eye doctors to choose from in Las Vegas.  I'll never go to this one again.  Do yourself a favor and do the same.
5	Dr. Mancuso and his staff are fantastic. They were very attentive to my needs and were very helpful in determining what was best for me. They explain the procedures and fees as you go along so there are no surprises in the end. They started me off with samples of products they recommend so that I know what to look for when I go to the store. They also gave me a bunch of coupons so that was a plus. I'm glad to be a patient at Clearvision Eye Center-Horizon Ridge!!
5	I needed glasses for the first time. I din't know what to expect. Filling out paperwork took about 5 minutes and I was called back right away for the first exam. The lady doing it (forgot her name) was very nice and patient with all my questions. Fun to talk with. Dr. Mancuso saw me shortly after. He too was very patient with my questions and explained everything very well. He explained what was wrong with my eyes and showed me how I will be seeing with glasses. Huge difference! I went with the digital progressive lenses which sounded best for my near and far sightedness. (is that a word?)Tom helped me find some pretty sweet Hugo Boss frames that look great. Lots of compliments from friends about my new look! He told me about the options, some I got, some I didn't. He said 10 days for them to be made. OK, I can wait. But on day six, they called - they arrived! Tom fit them to my face perfectly. He set me up with a case and cloth for the glasses too. Tom was very professional yet lots of fun. From first visit to the last, Shelly at the front desk was super friendly and helpful in picking out frames. Everyone here made me feel very comfortable and made buying my first glasses a good experience. I highly recommend them!
5	I can't say enough good things. This was my second visit. The last one was a little over a year ago. EVERYONE that works here is so nice. I was blown away last year by how nice everyone was but it wasn't a fluke because today was just the same. They have a new optician (can't remember his name) that is really helpful and very kind. He didn't help me but I could hear and see his interaction with another customer and I was impressed. I would like to know their secret and apply it where I work! They seem genuinely happy to work there.
2	First, I want to clarify that my negative review isn't because of Dr. Mancuso or (most) of the other staff. The front desk staff were very nice and helpful with answering my questions about the paperwork I needed to fill out, and Dr. Mancuso was equally nice and helpful when I was asking him about lenses that block the harmful blue light from electronic devices. So if you usually just get an eye exam and get your glasses somewhere else, I would definitely recommend this place. The reason why I say that is because they don't have a huge selection of frames, but also because of my experience dealing with the guy that you talk to after the exam to actually order glasses. (I don't remember his name, only that he was an older guy.)Initially, he was nice and helpful when I was asking about the difference between gunnar glasses and the recharge lens coating that Dr. Mancuso recommended that I get. Because he told me that this coating was $112 by itself since it wasn't covered by my parent's insurance, I wanted to try some cheaper options I had found online first. But in order to actually do that, I found out while looking up info on computer lenses online that I needed a number called a pupil distance to actually order a pair of said glasses.When my dad and I asked for that number, this guy suddenly became so rude, defensive and sarcastic about actually giving us that info! He went on and on about how it's only taken with a special device when you order glasses (even though I have had glasses since I was 8 and do NOT ever remember getting measured with said device!) and how he can get in trouble if someone else made my glasses wrong since that number is "his property/measurement." After a while of more sarcasm and arguing, my dad and I just gave up and asked for our prescriptions...one of the staff behind the desk ended up apologizing over and over for this guy's ridiculous behavior, and also helped us out with getting our pupil distance. I have to wonder if losing out on an expensive sale was the reason the guy acted so crazy, since the special computer glasses I ended up having to order online only cost me $40...But wait, it gets better: after my brother's exam, he obviously picked out glasses when talking to this guy. My brother was in a hurry to get to work, so he didn't have much time for questions before ordering glasses. We later found out from my brother that while the guy was recommending said upgrades, he failed to tell my brother that my parent's insurance actually didn't fully cover those upgrades! Thankfully my dad was able to go in the next day and get a refund. This is definitely the worst experience I have ever had at any kind of doctor's office...but I'm always willing to give a business a second chance, especially when it was only a single staff member that was the reason for a bad experience.
