5	Beautiful lil Boutique shoppe. Excellent customer service, they are highly knowledgeable in Dance arts, pointe shoe/shoe fitting, etc.. They go above and beyond the call of duty. I needed to order a pair of white jazz sneakers (Normally most dance stores carry black only). They offered to special order it for me. I havent ran across dance shoppe that would special order my shoes. The normal respond I would get from most dance store is "sorry, we dont carry it" and that would be it.They have the cutest lil dance trinkets. They carry everything that a dancer needs. I could defintely spend alot of money in this store. ha ha.If you do shop at this store, use a debit or credit card.
5	My gf was performing for NYE at Serendipity 3 @ Caesars. In all of the rush to pick her up from LAX, run a few errands and take off to Vegas she forgot her pointe shoes.Go Go Google Magic!- This place is 10 minutes from the strip-The service is great: the girl who helped us brought out about 20 pairs for my gf to find the right pair and my gf who has been a professional ballerina was introduced to a new brand which she said was amazing. - The price was fair. All in all a great place if you're a ballerina and need shoes. They also have clothes, but I can't say anything about that.
3	This is a decent little dance shop. However, the selection on most everything isn't that great. The shoes are definitely the main reason to come here. The leotards, tights, etc. are all kind of an after thought - and there's really not a lot to choose from. The staff, though, are very friendly and helpful.
3	Its a nice little store that carries a fair selection of dance shoes. The clothes or dance outfits she carries cater mostly to kids, which is unfortunate. Its a great selection but I dont see any kids wearing those styles. Neither would anyone buying someone a dance outfit select them I think. They border on too sexy (for kids) but they would be great for adults.Shoes she carries are great for practice.
5	So happy with this little shop. I was in a bind and needed an entire set of dance shoes for two kids. They were very helpful and I found everything I needed at very good prices.
