1	This review is for their take-out service.I came one day for take-out. As I entered, there were a few employees near the cash register. I came up to one of them and asked if they offered take-out. I got a very rude glance as if I had interrupted their conversation. The man (perhaps the owner) gave me a very long and roundabout answer, but basically yes they do offer take-out. It seemed as if they did not want my business. When I asked how much time it was going to take if I were to order butter chicken (14$) and naan bread (2$), he paused and thought for a while, and then answered, "It's going to take at least 30 minutes" as if to dissuade me from ordering. At this point, I was already there, so I decided to just go ahead and order, as 30 minutes wasn't going to kill me. Finally, the order literally took 3 minutes, not 30!When I left, I realized the lid of the meal was not sealed properly and my bag was leaking, and there were no utensils. As much as I love Indian food, I will not be going back.
5	This is the best Indian food i have had in North America and quite possibly outside of India. When you walk into this small cozy restaurant the sweet scent of curry and cardomon flirts with your senses. Abdul was my waiter and was very attentive. A very friendly gentleman from Bangeldesh who likes people, especially those that chat! I ordered chicken tikka (comes with a small salad) and onion bahji (a personal fav) for appetizers; chicken korma, garlic naan and basmati rice for the main course. Wow! I have never been able to find a korma that comes this close to what i had in India. Presentation was different but the flavour was bang on. I was so happy with my choice of restaurants, so many to pick from. This one was just on the other side of the mall from my hotel so a quick walk from the quality inn. I will make every effort to stay here again just for another dinner like that! Oh and i also had the mango Lassi, delicious. I felt the price was fair given the portion sizes. I was unable to eat all of it and was delighted to be able to take some home with me!
1	I used to come here for their decent food for brossard standard, but the service is so bad that i cannot recommand this restaurant anymore. The waiters are slow and unprofessional. We flagged one down from the cash registered, he just nodded at us, then went to the kitchen, returns at the cash and answers the phone that just rang! Totally ignored us! Will not be returning.
4	Amazing food by this charming family-run restaurant. This is about as good as it gets for indian food on the south shore and even stacks up against similar offerings on-island.The service can be atrociously slow and somewhat cold but really it's kind of what makes the experience. It's the Seifeld soup-kitchen of montreal indian food: You despise going and waiting every time because you're slightly fearful of some of the staff but once the food arrives it warms your soul. *DO NOT* come here if you want quick-indian. Waiting for the food on an empty stomach is one of the sickest intellectual see-saw mind games any man can put themselves through: It's a sick game between the compounding desire to scream in a fit of hunger-fueled rage and the cultural norm of sitting quietly hunched-over with your arms tightly folded across your stomach in some sort of cro-magnon survival tactic. Either way the food is excellent and I highly recommend the saag paneer and chicken tikka. -Reserve on fridays and saturdays as they fill up fast.
