4	Located on Cholla street West of Tatum Blvd, this park is well laid out and has lots to do for it's rather small space.You will find two sand volleyball courts, one full size Basket ball court and play ground equipment for toddlers.  Also present are picnic areas complete with grills for you to enjoy a cookout.  There is a big grassy area for relaxing or tossing your Frisbee.  A sidewalk surrounds the park making for a nice walk if you want to exercise.  The area around the toddle play equipment has a soft material directly around the equipment surrounded by sand to help protect the children.Along the perimeter are exercise stations to help you with your work out.  I strongly suggest that if you choose to use this equipment that you have some gloves on.  the texture of the bars are very rough and will give you blisters in no time if you do not take precautions and protect yourself.  The only draw back I can see is there are no makers to give you any idea of how far you have traveled.  That would be nice, but it's not there.
4	We moved in near this park 8 months ago and instantly fell in love with it. Our toddler loves it too. There is a great playground, basketball court, sand volleyball court, and large grass field. There are a few picnic tables and barbecues as well. The city takes great care of this little gem. Also, there are no public restrooms.
4	I just wanted to respond to the second review (Sandi O) discussing the fitness courses. If you go to www.cityofphoenix.gov and go to their Parks section you'll see a brochure (meant to print out and bring with) for this park that is tailored to the fitness course and tells you exact distances, etc. There are four or five additional parks listed on the back of the brochure that include the same thing (assuming the city has kept all the links active. Pretty cool!!
5	Cholla Cove Park is a wonderful little neighborhood park situated between Village Fairways to the west, Villas at Hidden Lakes to the north and The Springs at Hidden Lakes to the west. A fantastic resource for all these residents and no doubt a boost to their home prices.The park is small. Not a destination in itself. But it packs a lot of appeal into its small space. Want to picnic? Check! Play basketball? Check! Sand volleyball? Check! Exercise? Check! Kick a soccer ball? Check! Swim? No, be serious. Swing? Slide? Climb? Check! Check! Check! Thank you City of Phoenix for maintaining this little gem of a park so well. You'll see me here nearly every week. I'm the old guy injuring himself playing with a four and five year old.
