4	I've been to many Sally's locations and I really like the consistency of the stores. There are usually about three women working, two who blend in with the majority of customers and then one girl who is very...daring with her hair and makeup. No matter what store I go to, there is always this combination of employees - and for a Beauty Supply store, I love it! It gives the stores some spunk.Whenever I go to this location, I get the help I need and the girls are always able to help me with my questions, no problem. I am a Sally's member so I get good deals and I am always satisfied with my purchases.
4	Just got me my 15% discount coupon and hauled it down to Sally's! I love this location since they have a helpful staff and well-stocked inventory. I get really distracted in this store - it's kind of like being a kid in a candy store with all the Paris Hilton hair extensions, nail polish, hair accessories, and thingy-ma-bobs that promise to make you look better. You should join the Sally Club for the discounts and monthly coupons.
4	Get the card, if you go here enough like I do then you will save a lot of money. If you only go a few times a year then it's probably not worth it. Although it's only $5 to sign up and it's good for a whole year.
1	I went inside feeling happy! I was in a GREAT mood. I grabbed Oraly nail polish because it was a BOGO thing. When i was paying, the girl was VERY rude! i tried to engage in friendly conversation and she looked unamused. Also, I noticed the boss yelling at her for making so many mistakes... Anyways, they charged me for the free one and I didn't notice til I got home. I called about it and they said to come back. They sounded REALLY annoyed and rude.. So I came back, and the girl that looked like a Rihanna wanna-be tried to help me again. I wanted to speak with the manager first. When she called her manager I was expecting her to be understanding instead SHE YELLED AT ME. That's right. She said "we'll that's your fault. It's your job to tell us when we have a sale or discount"..... I was so shocked. I kept silent as she refunded me the $$. Never ever ever ever NEVER will I come back. Poor customer service and highly inconvenient. Drive yourself to another location and keep your happy mood.
4	Great place :) I actually  prefer going here over a place in the inner city. It has everything I need including makeup which is new!
