5	I have been to a few naturopathic doctors before going to Dr. Leone, who don't compare to the work or diligence she exhibits. This practice is beautifully put together and extremely inviting. You can tell they worked hard to make people feel welcomed and comfortable. Each doctor in this office is very nice and professional. Dr. Leone is the most knowledgable and caring of naturopaths I have seen. She believes in backing up her solutions with data and logic and has a very strategic and customized way of treating you. Her bedside manner is incredible and her expertise is astounding. I don't want to go anywhere else after finding her!
5	When it comes to whole-person healing, Veritas Medical Solutions has so much to offer: an intimate, tranquil location; doctors who are truly invested in the art and science of healing; and excellent, rigorously researched treatment plans.If you want a healer you can trust, and results to die (or live) for, please see Dr. Leone. I had a PRP facial from her recently, and her level of her caring, focus, and professionalism was remarkable. She balances great skill with a warm, attentive bedside manner. In just one treatment, ten years' worth of my acne scarring faded significantly. For an excellent doctor-patient relationship--and long-lasting healing!--I HIGHLY RECOMMEND DR. LEONE!
5	I've suffered from horrible migraines after a car accident for well over 10 years. I've been to numerous doctors and chiropractors in search of any relief at all with minimal success.  I attended the open house with Dr. Clough and Dr. Leone and was given a demonstration of an adjustment Dr. Clough performs with an activator.  I had a migraine at the time and as soon as he was done and I stood up, my headache had literally vanished.  Following the adjustment I can honestly tell you I haven't felt so good in well over 10 years!  I forgot what it felt like to feel great!  I will definitely be returning many many times over for adjustments and acupuncture.  I would also like to get a PRP facial from Dr. Leone.  Both Docs are so incredibly friendly and knowledgeable.  You can't help but feel comfortable in their presence and under their care. That is something incredibly important to me when I'm looking at practitioners of any kind.  Their office is also SUPER cute! It doesn't feel like your typical white walled medical office at all. It's very inviting and colorful and makes you feel right at home.  I would recommend Veritas to anyone looking to improve their quality of life through vastly improving their health.  You absolutely will not regret it! Thank you both again for being so wonderful!!
