5	This isn't the closest dry cleaner to my house, but it's the cheapest, friendliest, and quickest.  Next day service is never a  problem, they've returned a nickel once that they found in my pant pocket, and the woman who works there, whose name I don't know, always remembers my name even if I only go once a month.
5	MC Cleaners is the place to take your clothing for professional dry cleaning services.Angela and her employees are polite, professional and friendly. I have a high level of expectations from businesses and they meet my expectations.  The employees greet me by name each time I visit, this practice is not common in most businesses.  Good Job!
3	Meh. I needed a new dry cleaner in the neighborhood, and turning to Yelp I found MC Cleaners. I went in with my tuxedo (jacket, pants, and shirt) to have them cleaned and a loose button repaired. The lady I dropped them off with was very friendly, and assured me it would be no problem (and no cost!) to have the button fixed. My receipt said $10.75, which seemed A-OK to me. So a week later, on New Years Eve, I go to pick up my tux. After waiting 20 minutes for the customer in front of me, the lady found my tux. I paid and headed home, which is where I found my button still dangling loosely, just as I left it. A simple oversight? A miscommunication at drop-off? Who knows. In the end, I got my tux cleaned for $11. I'm happy enough with that, but it equals 3 stars. And frankly, I find that to be on the generous side. I'd go back, but only out of laziness.
4	They are pretty friendly here.Price is OK.I had a problem with the alteration, but they fixed it.I will be a regular here.
5	They are  family owned and they not only do dry clean... But alterations as well. I take all my baseball caps here too. Don't hesitate. They do good work.
5	Friendly, affordable, and dependable.  They know me by first name which is rare in this town. Pricing is fair. Check them out!
5	Great & friendly staff who do top notch work :)
5	In my search for dry cleaners I came across this place and it set a new bar for service. The ladies are always nice, always helpful, remember me by name after only a couple visits, and it's an on premises dry cleaner. One time I went there on my lunch break after having spilled cooking oil on my linen sport coat. I asked if there was anything they could do and they took it from me, spot cleaned it, pressed the whole jacket and had it back to me in 20 minutes. Unfortunately I had to move to the other end of town AND I changed jobs, so I can't make the trip to this area to use them anymore. Then again, if I keep striking out with all these cleaners on my new side of town, I may just start finding a reason to be in their area.
1	Lint left on suit snags in suit coat. Worse job ever. Never again. There has to be better places that won't leave stuff dirty and ruined. Stay away and find another place if you like your clothes!
1	No stars. I took my NYE dress in right out of the box. It had a bow attached. When I went to pick it up, they had creased the bow into what I can only describe as looking like one of those Chinese folding fans. I asked them to steam it to get the creases out and was told they couldn't until tomorrow at 7am because their machines were turned off. This happened at 5:30pm and they're open until 7pm. I explained I work 7am-3pm. They said they close at 1pm NYE. Basically they were too lazy to fix the mistake by taking 5 minutes to steam it. I asked them to work with me on their price and was told they could only take $1 off. On top of all this, they're definitely higher priced than Polo cleaners down the block on Silverado Ranch. Now I'm stuck trying to figure out how to fix their mistake on my own dime and time.
5	I first came here on a referral from one of my girlfriends because I was in dire need for a trustworthy dry cleaners that wouldn't charge me a ridiculous price. On my first visit to MC cleaners, I brought my silk and goose feather duvet with five cocktail dresses. The total for all the six  pieces was a steal! When I picked up my pieces I was amazed at how great of a job they did. My duvet was cleaned and fluffed and felt just like new. My dresses were freshly pressed and ready to go. The staff is always friendly and they handle all items with TLC. I come here all the time now for my dry cleaning needs. Highly recommended.
5	Excellent, prompt service. I've been coming here for 4 years and never had an issue; just perfectly pressed and clean clothes.
5	I had to have my clothes cleaned very quickly, and they were able to accommodate me. Good prices. I would definitely use them again. Thanks!
5	Best cleaners in town!I've lived in Vegas my whole life and I have tried SEVERAL cleaners through the years... None compare to the atmosphere, friendly staff, timely service and honesty that I get from this fine family.  I'm a loyal customer and have been for a few years now...  Not to mention, their prices are great and they are right next to my favorite Greek grill!!! Win/ Win!!
4	I'm very satisfied with this cleaners, fast cleaning (sometimes even at the same day) and reasonable price.
5	I've lived on this side of town for 9 years,right up the street from MC cleaners.  Carmen has always remembered my first and last name. Carmen and her staff are the best, I've never had any issues. It's hard to find trustworthy businesses but MC cleaners is legit! Aside from regular blazers and shirts I sent a couples sets of military uniforms and they came back inspection ready!
4	I found this dry cleaner, because it is the closest to my new place. It is a family owned and operated business, ergo the staff are very friendly and personable. I do believe that the owners are a couple and the woman is a latino woman. I took in my work skirt to get cleaned. My skirt had little "fuzzballs", the same way it accumulates on your sweaters. Well, she took extra time to get rid of most of them. As you know, that can be very tedious work. I sure did appreciate that. The only downfall to this store, is that it is quite pricey. It costs me $5 to dry clean a (very) small skirt. If I'm not mistaken about the same price for a blouse as well. On the upside, they're pretty quick with their service. If you drop off your garments early enough,  they can have it ready for you the next day. I guess sometimes it costs a little more for convenience and friendliness.
