4	So far so good on service friendly people that work here
4	I've been here three times now for a mani/pedi and eyebrow wax. If you get just the basic mani/pedi w/the waxing it comes to $41, which I find reasonable. Service has always been good, I am helped as soon as I walk in and have never waited more than a few minutes to start the services. The facilities are clean and well kept, and it is a friendly atmosphere.
5	$50 including tip for a gel manicure, eyebrow and lip wax. Thien Vo was so sweet and I've got to admit that I will never wax my own eyebrows or lip ever again. She literally did it perfectly down to the last hair. My manicure was pleasant swift and gentle. The whole experience was less than an hour. I imagine they must be packed on weekends. Very clean, accepts walk-ins, and really well priced.  Glad I stumbled on this place.
5	For eyebrow wax only! I just happened to desperately need brows waxed and was passing by. Great and affordable experience $10. She trimmed and waxed. I'm very pleased! The rest of the salon was large with lots of chairs and seemed very clean.
3	Just had a regular mani and pedi plus. For $10 more than the regular spa pedi the plus included the callus remover, sugar scrub, hot rock massage and hot towels. It was just ok. I have had regular pedis that lasted longer. The massage was soft...more like a soft rub. It was as if she did not want to exert herself. The towels felt good and the Polish looked fine. Now for the mani...not good! I've given myself better at home. It just looked bad. It looked like my daughter had painted my nails. See pic and you be the judge. I'm giving 3 stars because the place is real clean, they use disposable liners in the foot spa and the prices are good. Needless to say I'm still searching for my regular nail salon.
2	I only write reviews if I have excellent service or terrible service. The few times I've got my nails done, it's been average service. The usual. 2wks ago I thought I'd try the oh-so-popular almond shaped nails. Pretty nice. I come in today and I get the male owner to do a fill and fix a broken nail. The male owner was obviously too preoccupied to concentrate on my nails. He got up 14 times! Yes I counted. And did an absolutely horrible job on my nails. Crooked almond shape, sharp edges, globs on clear polish, air bubbles, and you can see my nail under the black power!!! I'm debating on going back in and have the original guy redo them.
5	I'm from ca, but visit family in pebblecreek a few times a year. I always make a point of visiting Pretty Nail when I'm here because their work lasts forever! Really appreciate the fact they always get me in for an appt and I can see Tracy for my fills/gels. Thank you!
