1	Having a Honda Civic as I do, I was all set to make Twin City Honda my regular car maintenance location.  So, when there was something wonky going on with my brakes, I took it there.  Naturally, it cost me approximately $80 to have them agree to look at it, but I figured it would be worth it.  They fixed my problem the same day, and I assumed all was fine.You can guess by my 1-star rating that everything was not fine.My husband and I drove up to Wisconsin that same weekend.  Its a 250-mile trip.  We did a bit of city driving while there, and I felt like something was off with my car--like it was a bit wobbly.  Then it started making a noise when I would coast or slow down.  Of course, by the time we took the noise seriously (as opposed to thinking it was something with crappy roads), it was a Sunday morning.  I took it to Sears Auto (thank god for Sears Auto--always there when you need them on a Sunday!) and found out that one of my tires had not been tightened properly.  It was super wobbly and liable to fall off. Yes, that's right: I drove 250+ miles on what appeared to be a hand-tightened tire.  If you want something that inspires quaking mortal fear and thanking your lucky stars that it didn't fall off at 75mph, it's that.So, rightfully angry, I called up Twin City Honda on Monday and asked to speak with a service manager.  I explained the situation to him.  Our conversation went like this:Him: ....But no one actually got hurt, right?Me: Uhh, no, because if someone had gotten hurt, it wouldn't be me calling, it would be my lawyer.Him: Well, I don't know what to tell you, because we always double-check wheel tightening.Me: Well, clearly it didn't happen this time.Him: Tell you what I'll do for you.  The next time you come in, I'll have a credit for a free oil change on your account.That's where I laughed at him and hung up.Seriously???  Seriously, though, dude.  Like I would ever come back there knowing that you don't take the safety of your customers seriously.  Eff to the no.
4	My experience at Twin City Honda was a very good one.  I dealt with Tom W. when I was just recently buying my Kia Spectra5 used off of their lot.  They did everything they could to accomodate me.  I also didn't feel like Tom was pushy in any way.  He let me make decisions as I wanted to, let me ask him questions, and helped me in any way that he could.  When I test drove the car I now own, I noticed a minor issue with the brakes.  They were working fine, but they made a bit of a noise when you pushed on the pedal.  Tom had the service department look at it immediately, they fixed the issue with no commitment on my part to buy, and told me to come in for another test drive when it was convenient for me.  I came in, test drove it, and the car was in great condition.  He held the car for me for a couple of days because he knew I was interested and I came back and bought it.Chris, Tom, and Larry were all very good people to work with and I appreciate their non-pushiness and willingness to help me as best they could.  Everything was explained well and I was very happy.  Other lots of checked out were O'Brien and some others outside of town.  I felt more comfortable at Twin City.  But, everyone's different so take it for what it's worth.  I would recommend giving them a try if you are looking for a new/used car.  They don't have a ton of used, but they may have the right one.
1	Horrible, horrible Honda service. I went in with questions because a strange light kept coming on in my car. When I showed up, they were plain rude. Basically told me that my tires just needed air and they refused to check them because "too many" people are having the same issue. Gee, if too many people are having the same issue, don't you think you might want to take a closer look? These men never even got off the chair, let alone take a peek at my vehicle.The second time I went to inquire about my lease turn-in, it was the same RUDENESS. The salesmen acted as if I was wasting their time. They could not answer one of my questions. I even asked to speak with a manager. He was less than impressive and stood by the doorway trying to rush me out. I will NEVER do service with this Honda dealership. They really need to get their staff  some serious training in basic customer service!
1	Worse place ever and I don't even know where to start.The service was not on par when I had my warrenty and they basicly command me to give them a 100% rating or they had to haress me more and ask me why it is not 100% rating.I had an accident near the end of my service period and that lighted my engine light on, they simply turned it off and told me it is fine.My warrenty was off and now it cost me 3000 dollars to fix my car and LISTEN TO THIS. I COULD DO THIS SERVICE FOR 1000 DOLLARS ANYWHERE ON THE FUCKING PLANET BUT THEY LIED TO ME ABOUT HOW IT CAN ONLY BE DONE AT THEIR PLACE AND CHARGED ME OVER 3000 DOLLARS AND THE PROBLEM IS NOT EVEN FIXED. So yes, 3000 dollars for a lesson of never using this crappy place again.P.S. They called me and asked me if I want to buy another car from them, and the answer was hell no.
1	This place needs some serious customer service training for their staff.I had an appointment and went to the service department. None of the staff seemed interested. They pointed to where to put my car, pointed me to the waiting area. When I asked a question the lady said she didn't know, and told me to check with the other people there, rather than finding out. Then what really soured me was watching this poor guy  who drove in after me who was tryng to make friendly chit-chat with the ladies behind the counter. They mocked him while he was still within earshot. Extremely rude. Previously I had gone in to test drive a car with I believe the gentleman's name was Dale. He was extremely apathetic and not helpful. HIs attitude was basically like, don't waste my time.  PLus, they gave a horrible price for the car I test drove compared to honda dealerships in chicago area, so needless to say we purchased elsewhere.
5	If you truly want 5 star assistance, look no further. If it's sales you need ask for Charlie Lange. He has outstanding product knowledge and is a true car guy.
5	Great sales team. Great dealer.  Great service.  The GM Ben is such a good guy when we ran into him later that night after we bought our car he sent a round of drinks over to our table.
2	I went to get my Honda Accord looked at, because I wasn't sure why the Maintenance light came on. They told me that they would let me know in about an hour (and of course it took longer), and that I would have to pay $99 just to have it looked over. As a Honda owner, I've gone to a few Honda dealerships back in my hometown and none of them have charged me a hundred dollars just to have my car checked for safety issues. I was contacted later in the day and was told that the car was fine, unless I wanted to pay quite a large sum of money for a new transmission, but that in the end, the car itself was safe and fine and I would still need to pay $99. All in all, I will not be going back to get my car fixed.2 stars because customer service was decent.
5	Recently bought 2 Hondas from here. Picked up a new Oddyssey for the family and a Civic for my daughter. Working with Christian was great. It was a no nonsense experience. I was treated fairly so we didn't have to fight on the price. The whole process was quick and relatively painless.
1	This place is overpriced and very rude for service. They will charge you $99 for diagnosis. You heard that right, Then the service is on top of that. It seems that the service department is always busy on phone, chit-chatting. I hope the business either improves or it shuts down soon.
