5	The salon is great! The spray tan was even and wonderful. The owner is very pleasant and makes you feel very welcome and comfortable. The prices are reasonable. The only thing I disliked was that I went at night and the building that the suite is in is dark, parking lot empty, no lights and when i was leaving there were not one, but TWO strange men lurking in the parking lot. I had that fast heart beating moment of fear to get to my car as fast as possible. It would be nice if they left lights on for Phoenix Glow since they have evening hours, but it appears all the other suites likely close up at 5PM. Maybe its just me being a scaredy cat though!
5	I've done the spray tans in the teleportation device before, but have never been airbrushed.  Considering a spray tan in the tube is normally between $20 and $25, I was happy to purchase the Living Social deal at Phoenix Glow for a $12 session.  I was a little nervous going in. I am a little shy when it comes to changing clothes in front of my friends let alone standing in front of a stranger naked while they spray me down.  Typing that sentence even gave me a little anxiety.  I had this strange idea that it was going to be some stuck up girl that would judge me for how I look naked.  Not at all.  Rosa was very sweet and I didn't feel too awkward with her. The whole process took about 15 minutes.  I opted for a mix of medium and dark and chose the long lasting add on.  My faux-tan looked great.  I looked about as dark as I can normally get and it didn't look orange or fake at all.  There were a few areas where my skin was really dry where the color didn't set right.  Those were very small areas and that has nothing to do with the quality of work.  My tan lasted over a week and I didn't look pasty white while I was on the beach in cloudy Mexico (YAY!).The regular prices seem reasonable to me considering how great of a tan I got and how much the sub-par spray tans are.  There was a Yelp offer while I was writing this as well; so there's plenty of opportunities for deals here.I definitely plan to go back and recommend for anyone who wants a tan but not skin cancer.  The first person I thought about was my friend who is getting married.  Could you imagine getting a spray tan before your wedding and being orange?  You definitely wouldn't have to worry about that if you got your tan here.
5	Ann is awesome! Being naked in front of a stranger isn't the most exciting experience, but Ann makes you feel totally comfortable. I have tried other airbrush tanning studios, but this one is my favorite for the following reasons:1) The tan lasts longer than others. In comparison to other airbrush studios, I feel like I get 3-5 extra days of tan at Phoenix Glow.2) The prices are better. You also have the option to purchase packages or months at a time, and she often runs promotions. Overall, I think all tans are cheaper here than other places I've seen.3) It's cleaner. Sometimes spray studios can look a little grungy since you're spraying a solution indoors, but I feel like Ann keeps the tanning room very clean.4) You can customize! She offers a variety of solutions (depending on your skincare needs) and add ons in regards to your tan. Plus, she genuinely cares about the overall result. If she's not happy with a portion of your tan, she'll go back over it or redo it. 5) Phoenix Glow offers later appointments. Sometimes I get stuck at work or want time to run home and shower before tanning. Because she offers later appointments, it's much easier to work it into my schedule. Overall, I think it's a great tan for a good price. The only downside is that I wish she had a location closer to me, but I'll gladly travel to Phoenix for a fabulous tan!
4	So, I had never gotten a spray tan before this experience.  It was surprisingly positive.  I thought I'd come out of there looking like that old chick in Something About Mary...but it looked FABULOUS!  It looked completely natural.  The whole process was quick, professional and comfortable.  I loved it and will be back.
5	Phoenix Glow rocks!!I have been to a couple of the airbrush places in town, and they by-far give the glow-iest tans and are extremely professional. I first came in by chance, I needed a tan for a Vegas trip and could not get an appointment with another airbrush tan place that I had bought a Groupon from, I got in the same day to Phoenix Glow and my whole experience was great. Ann, my tanning guru was awesome and super sweet. I ended up buying a package because I was so happy with the service, Ann even texted me the next day while I was in Vegas to see how my tan turned out. I have been back a couple more times since then, and I always leave happy with the results, never orange or streaky. Definitely recommend them!!
5	I highly recommend Phoenix Glow. The tan always looks even and natural because she takes her time to customize the tan. The slimming drops are my favorite. They really do the trick.
5	I love phoenix glow. The owner is extremely friendly, makes you feel comfortable.  The place is cute and clean, and offers many options to personalize your tan.  Great central location and extended hours.  You will look fabulous! No streaks! No orange!
5	Phoenix Glow is the best airbrush tanning studio in the Valley.  I like that my color always comes out even and natural-looking - never orange!  I also noticed that the solution doesn't smell as strong or bad as other places I've tried.  On top of the tan itself, Ann is sweet and professional.  Definitely try this place - you'll get lots of compliments on how great your skin looks!
5	Ann is fabulous and Phoenix glow is the BEST!!! My spray tan with her always turns out smooth and last for a good minimum of a week without any crazy blotchy fading. Ann is so great and professional and will cater your tan to the specifics of how you like it.  Definitely check her out, you will not want to see anyone else!!
5	First yelp review in almost a year and Ann is the only one who could get me to do it. This is the ONLY place in town to get a spray tan, simple as that. Say good bye to streaks, orange coloration and gross after-tan residue, Ann does not let that shit fly in her shop!She personally mixes every formula together prior to your airbrush session where there are fun little upgrades you can select to be added to your solution if you desire like slimming drops and quick dry formula (my personal fave) to name a few. She does every tan herself and is extremely thorough, even using a paint roller on you to get rid of any excess or buildup! Oh, and if you're lucky, she'll even send you a follow up text to make sure you're happy with the turnout. She's literally like the doctor of airbrush tanning.I've always been beyond happy with my tans at Phoenix Glow, but that's not where it ends. Let's say you show up to tan in a business suit and you completely forgot to bring any loose fitting/dark clothes to wear home and are not thrilled with the idea of getting spray tan solution on your fancy suit. You have to go home to get a change of clothes, right? WRONG! Ann has a rack of loose fitting, inexpensive sun dresses for purchase for this situation precisely that also double nicely for a day at the pool/beach. Forgot flip flops? No sweat! You can buy those there too. Ann has a great gift for anticipating the needs of her customers and it shows. I was on my way to a Halloween party at Amber W.'s a few months back and realized I forgot to buy fake eyelashes for my costume. Who came to the rescue you ask? Ann from Phoenix Glow did, again.I cannot say enough good things about this girl and this shop. The results are fantastic, there is always a multitude of specials running (I'm not sure I've ever paid full price for a tan once, thanks Ann!) and her schedule is more than accommodating. Extra bonus points for Yelp Check-In Specials too!If you're looking for a gorgeous spray tan in the Central Phoenix area, look no further than Phoenix Glow, you will be more than satisfied. I certainly am.
5	Wow, the BEST place to get your airbrush tan in Phoenix/Scottsdale area! My tan was flawless, looked very natural in color and came off so evenly, I can't believe it. As a pro athlete and a model I deal with airbrush quite often. I love that Ann asked me questions first and mixed just the perfect solution. Her color is all organic and doesn't clog the pores. 5 stars!
5	This is the first time I have ever spray tanned! I also have NEVER used a self tanner on my face. I thought since I had an event to go to (Eat, Drink and Be Pretty), I'd take a chance on a spray tan since KK says it will make you look 10 pounds lighter. Who wouldn't give it a whirl and with the first time client deal Ann has, it was worth a try. Well...I love it! I have to say looking in the mirror it does give the illusion of being thinner. The color is great! No orange Mob wives color...no streaking. Very natural. It looks like I just came back from a week beach vacation. Ann gave me a lot of information and answered all my questions. I am looking forward to my second session and plan to try a different "add on" next time. Good skin color gives the impression of youth and health. I love the idea of not having to wear any makeup on the weekend...as you get older, less is definitely more!I already referred on girlfriend and plan on referring more so I can get $$ off my next services.Thank you Ann!
5	Was nervous about getting a spray tan as I have fair skin and freckles and didn't want to look orange or fake.  Made my appointment online and Ann sent me an email saying she had an earlier appointment if that would be better for me and it was.  Ann was very thorough in going through all the different options and I even let her pick my color as she is the expert, and it turned out great!  It looked so natural and it's been five days and still looks good!  I bought the Yelp deal and sometimes I feel like I don't get the full service when I use a coupon, but not at this shop.  Have already made my next appointment and can't wait!  Go see Ann!
5	Hands down the best spray tan in the valley! I have experienced my fair share of tragic tanning accidents but Phoenix Glow's spray tans are always flawless. Ann is very professional and an all around amazing person. Wouldn't go anywhere else!
5	Oh Ann why did it take this long for you to come into my life??! I was told about Phoenix Glow by a friend and thought nothing of it. Fast forward to the best spray tan of my life, good bye spray tan booths! Ann is amazing at making you feel comfortable and knowing exactly what would look good for your skin. Never have I had so many compliments on my tan, I cannot wait to come back!Thanks Ann!!
5	I've had many spray tans at different salons in Phoenix, Ann is by far the best. She listens to what you want, customizes your tan accordingly and does an amazing job at applying it--she's an artist! The product she uses never streaks or looks orange, I always look sun kissed after a spray tan from Ann. Phoenix Glow is the only place in town to get a flawless tan--I'll never go anywhere else!
5	Greatest customized tan ever! Very natural looking and lasts longer than any other spray tan I've ever had. Will definitely recommend to all my friends!
5	This studio is exactly what I had been looking for. The owner definitely puts you at ease. I will be coming back, and next time with my friends. If you were at all on the fence about getting a spray tan, just go ahead, glo!
5	Though I'm relatively new to spray tans, I could tell that this was a great place. She had so much experience and good advice that I'm sure my tan will continue to look as good as it does today. I'm getting married soon, and I'm using this as my first of two. :) Thanks!
5	Phoenix Glow is the only place I've ever spray tanned, so I don't have a lot to compare it to but I like it enough to not even consider going somewhere else.  The owner, Ann, is so nice.  She makes you feel totally comfortable.  That's not easy to do when you are standing naked getting a cold spray put all over your body.   Her pricing is reasonable and she does an awesome job.
5	So, I am a first time spray tanner. I have used at home products, ranging from Jergens to Sun Laboratories Sunless Tanner, however, I have never gone for a spray tan before. Oh, and let me differentiate, this is NOT actually a spray tan, but an AIRBRUSH tan. There is a difference! So now, I will give some feedback on the actual experience, as well as what to expect for a first timer.I arrived at the studio (which is a suite in an office space complex) and was a little unsure of where to go. The suite itself is on the east side of the complex (closest to 24th for the directionally challenged), so park closest to that side. Once I found the place I opened the door and stepped inside. The entry area is small but efficient, with a checkout area, a couch, and some clothing for sale. Ann, the owner and spray tanner was incredibly friendly and greeted me with a smile immediately. Then she asked if I had ever tanned before, to which I replied I had not. She proceeded to give me the low down on tanning, gave me a waiver to sign, and lots of information about the different shades of tan, the different add-ons (i.e. anti-aging, skin firming, etc. and there are LOTS). After I finished filling out the form, it was time. She escorted me into a smallish room with a small tent, a fan, and a table. She told me to lotion up my hands and feet, put my hair into a hair cap, and spritz myself with a lightly fragranced prepping spray. I asked if I should leave my panties on or not, because if you don't... you can avoid ANY tan lines! Which sounded awesome to me. She said for first time tanners she recommends leaving them on so that you can see the difference between your tan and your skin, so you have something to gauge the fade by. She recommends this because you want to be able to tell how your tan is fading, and how fast, so you can make the best choice on your next tan.Then we began the spray tan. She is very professional and puts you at ease, even while naked lol. She gives very clear instructions and the process goes quite quick. Next thing I knew, it was over. She told me to stand in front of the fan for a couple of minutes before getting dressed. She told me not to put my bra on, as the tight straps can ruin the tan. So I put my dark colored, loose fitting clothing back on and went back into the waiting room. She rung me up quickly and efficiently using her iPad and my receipt was emailed to me. Simple as pie. The tan itself looks AMAZING! She really knows her stuff. She understands skin types and tan levels to give you a realistic and darn sexy tan! I am incredibly satisfied on ALL LEVELS with this experience. Ann is amazing. The studio is nice. The process is simple. And the tan is phenomenal!Now a couple of tips tips: (1) take the loose fitting dark clothing thing seriously. She tells you this for a reason; and (2) if you're a contact lens wearer, like myself, consider wearing your glasses, as the spray tan chemical aggravated my eyes a bit.If you're a newbie. DO IT! You will love it. She offers two tans for new clients for $39. I am getting married at the end of April, so I used the first tan yesterday as a test run to make sure I like the result. I will use my second for my wedding. Which reminds me of another amazing perk, she keeps excellent records of her clients and what tans they use.UPDATE: I just want to make a further comment on the quality of this business. I have had some additional interactions with Ann since the tan, and she really is an excellent business woman who values customer service above all else. I really appreciate this in a day when that seems to be the last thing on most businesses minds. Phoenix Glow is the Nordstrom of airbrush tanning; Ann will go above and beyond to ensure that everything about your experience is phenomenal!
2	So I was so excited to come in with my wedding party. She was unresponsive and didn't seem to even want the business. She doesn't do mobile, which is a little odd considering she stood to make hundreds of dollars. Luckily I found someone else who was a lot nicer, more professional and also did a good job.
5	I will NEVER get a spray tan elsewhere!! Phoenix Glow is the place to go!!Ann is professional, funny and an all around great person! She makes you feel comfortable during the seemingly awkward experience. I trust Ann with all of my spray tans including my tan for my ASU graduation, when I competed at Miss Arizona USA and also for my birthday and new years! The tan is always what I expect and I know it will come out looking flawless!!Save your time, don't look anywhere else!!
5	Last Friday was my first time airbrush tanning, and needless to say I was very nervous. First of all, my face was still a little red due to a few poor attempts of sitting out by the pool in hopes of catching a little color, though I was definitely not striving for red. Next, my skin was INCREDIBLY dry, which I know is not necessarily something ideal right before spray tanning. Ann was absolutely phenomenal! She made sure to ask me all the right questions, and therefore was able to pick out just the right shades and drops (I added a little bronze shimmer for only $5 more) so that I would no longer look red, and had the best color ever! My boyfriend, though he claims to love me pale or any way, definitely likes the tan... and if he approves, then I know it was a job well-done! Book an appointment with Ann - you will NOT regret it!!
5	Love! Love! Love this place!I prefer to have my artificial tan applied by a person instead of a machine. I am soooo glad that I found this place. Ann was very informative about the process. It has been a few years since I had my last airbrush tan and Ann made sure that I knew what to do every step of the way. Airbrush tanning doesn't take long to apply. Ann made sure that I checked myself out in the mirror after a short drying session. This was to ensure that everything looked even and fix any spots that might have been missed.  Overall I loved my experience at this place. Prices are great and Ann is super friendly. I like that you can book your appointment online and you can see all the available openings in real time. I definitely will be returning. I highly suggest that new clients take advantage of the two tans for $39. You'll not regret it.
5	Got my first spray tan the night before going to a Vegas Bachelorette.  Ann is very professional and has flexible hours.  We consulted about my what kind of tan I needed.  She took notes so we could adjust color next time if I needed.  My tan looked very natural, not orange at all, and faded nicely.   I will definitely go back again.
5	I have been here four times now and have had a great spray tan experience each time. I will be back soon.
5	Great experience always.
5	This was my first time ever getting a spray tan and I was super nervous. Ann did a great job explaining the difference between standard spray tan and the airbrush technique she uses. It really put my mind ya ease and now I'll look great for my sister's wedding! I will definitely be going back.
5	This was my very first time experiencing a spray tan; right before my trip to Hawaii. Ann is amazing, very professional!  Super throughout when she explained the care I should take for the best results after my "tanning" session. Super cute shop, clean, and great location. A big thank you to Ann!!  Phoenix Glow is awesome!
5	I'm a guy and went to Phoenix Glow today for my first spray tan. I read Ann's great reviews here on Yelp -- which were all female reviews -- so I emailed her to ask her if she did males and how that worked. She replied very promptly, super friendly and said that yes, she does spray-tan men and that I could wear shorts or she has disposable shorts available there. Cool!  I made my appointment online -- very easy and convenient to do. Finding Phoenix Glow on 24th Street was easy, as well, and parking was no problem. I went in a few minutes before my appointment time and met Ann. It was nice because there weren't a bunch of other people there, so there is a really nice sense of privacy. Ann was as personable and friendly in person as she was via email. Since it was my first time, she explained everything, how it all worked, what to expect, etc. We talked about my skin color and the type or depth of tan that I wanted and she instantly got it and understood what I wanted. I'm very fair skinned, so didn't want the George Hamilton leather-look, just a nice mellow, healthy-looking tan.  I filled out the little form and then we went into the room where she does the tanning, she explained the few things I needed to do in preparation. She then left the room, I got ready, knocked on the door and she came back in to begin.At all times Ann was completely professional, and she's obviously very knowledgeable. She did the spraying, which only took a few minutes, but she covered all angles, and I then spent a few minutes drying in front of a fan, got dressed and met her at front desk. It was a great experience, I really like my tan and equally important, my wife does, too! We will both be going back to see Ann again. Ann definitely deserves a five-star rating. The next time I return, it will be like visiting an old friend. She really makes the entire process comfortable and easy. Great job, Ann! I will see you again soon.
4	Ann was very professional while I was standing there practically (or totally) naked!  She made me feel very comfortable and always offered me the best deal possible.  I had never had a spray tan before and visited her multiple times.
5	Love her! She's so nice and makes you look amazing. I recommend her to all my friends !
5	This was my first experience with spray tanning, and Ann made it very easy and  comfortable. She told me exactly what to expect, and we discussed what type of tan I wanted. I just had the spray yesterday, and my tan looks really natural today.  I will definitely be going back!
5	First time with spray tanning as prep for my upcoming wedding and I loved my experience at Phoenix Glow. I was pretty apprehensive about how it would all go but Ann was great in explaining the process and how to maintain the best tan. I felt at ease considering being almost naked. The day after and I love the results. Would definitely recommend!
5	Ann is the best! I always leave with the perfect tan- never fake looking or orange. I can't recommend this place enough. Make sure to bring cash, as she is running a small business and credit card fees are expensive :)
5	Yesterday was my first time at Phoenix Glow after reading the great reviews on Yelp and I was not disappointed! Ann was great, asked lots of questions and gave a lot of good tips for lengthening my tan and achieving the color I want. I've spray tanned before and done an airbrush tan like this once and I always come out looking like Snookie because I'm very fair, but not this time. My tan looks very natural!Will definitely be returning!
5	Best tanning salon in Phoenix! Ann is amazing and gives me the best, natural tan coloring that lasts forever! And to top it off she is so fun to talk to! Love this place and it's owner! Never going anywhere else for a great tan!
