5	WHat up every body The thunderbird lounge is the best . anything can happen its just like magic with their amazing bartrenders hahahah Tyler , hunter And Dave M . When any of these guys aee working you will havwe a blast . They make drinkn in the day time fun and lively . The thunderbird lounge is know for swing fridays latin wendsdays and more days filln up quick
5	Growing up, my musical tastes were deeply rooted in the industrial and euro synthpop genre. Bands ranging from Nitzer Ebb, Depeche Mode, The Cure, Die Warsaw, etc. Naturally, I was a proud Goth for a long time. Along the way, I developed a taste for SKA, especially as I grew more interested in scootering. Bands like English Beat, Operation Ivy, Rancid and Save Ferris were on constant rotation. Thank you T-Bird Lounge for transporting me back! I was never a Mod/skin head/Rude Boy, but on Saturday night I skank'd with the Rude Boys and Girls while the "Love Me Nots" whaled in the background. BITCHIN'! I will definitely be back on my next trip to Vegas.
5	2 for 1 drinks!! yes you heard me. they have the best happy hour !!!!!!!the bartenders were super friendly, we even gota couple of free drinks , not including the buy 1 get 1 freewe received.  the bar was a bit of a dive, which i loved!there was 2 pool tables and a huge stage arena..like most places in las vegas , this bar is also open24hrs. Thunderbird Lounge= favorite dive bar in the 702
3	Total dive bar!!! On the strip and part of a hotel. Way overpriced drinks for such a dump.Very scary!!! I think it's a hangout spot for pimps waiting for their ho's to come back.Friday night 10-2 am appox 20 people present. Live music.
2	The Thunderbird Lounge, inside the Aruba Hotel and Spa on Las Vegas Blvd. between Oakey and Charleston, is classic Vegas, but not in the typical sense.  No matter how many old black & white pictures of the Rat Pack and lounge acts they paste on the walls, this isn't a classic trip back to the "glory days" of mob Vegas.  Try the the Plaza or Sahara for true nostalgia.  The Thunderbird is more where you'd end up after Vegas stole your money, stole your lady, stole your heart but left your liver.  A place where you knew the mob would find you, but you were too drunk to care.  On non-event nights it's home to transients and drifters wandering in from one of the adult bookstores in proximity.  It comes alive on weekends, typically with live music or DJs on Fridays (an especially interesting First Friday after-party hosted by Las Vegas N.O.I.S.E. features a monthly drum circle,) and Saturdays are a popular reggae party.  It used to serve bar food, I don't think it does anymore, but I wouldn't eat there regardless.  It's dark, dank, and dirty, but if that's your thing then you've found a spot.  A small patio overlooks a particularly uninteresting stretch of Las Vegas Blvd. and a bus stop; the inside sprawling red booths and couches are more than fine for groups.  Typical for Vegas, drink prices are between tourist and traditional local joint prices, with most major brands of beer and spirits.  Video poker players welcome.  Take a cab, bus or your own car, it's not in walking distance of the Strip or Fremont.  Parking is free in the lot behind the hotel but fills up fast on event nights.  If you're stuck, go a block north and park behind the adult bookstore/tattoo shop (if you try and park across the Blvd. at Talk of the Town they will charge you,).
3	Went here last night to check out a local indie-pop band.  This is an unremarkable dive bar in the somewhat sketchy part of the Strip between the Stratosphere and downtown.  Beer seemed somewhat expensive considering it came in small-ish plastic cups.Not a great-sounding venue for performers, but if they continue to host local indie/alt acts, I'll be back.
1	I mistakenly reviewed the Aruba, but then realized I meant the lounge IN the Aruba... anyway! I hope the Hotel and Spa are better than the lounge.I will never go here again.  I have been two or three times, and the bartender(s?) SUCK.  The drinks are way overpriced for a dive bar, and just, no.Story: I order a bloody mary with Absolut.  Bartender tells me they don't have Absolut.  Ok, fine, Stoli, whatevs.  "We don't have bloody mary mix." Uh? wtf? Why are we arguing over vodka then?My friend orders a Rusty Nail (scotch + Drambuie).  Ok, nobody but 70 year olds even know what that is, so he explains it, no prob there.  But the bartender isn't even sure what SCOTCH is.... He points out the Dewar's and Drambuie and she takes them off the shelf.  We pay for our drinks, and then wonder why his is RED.  Because she made him a Dewar's and CRANBERRY.  EW.  So he explains that it's supposed to be DRAMBUIE (which, really, does not even sound like cranberry).... so she remakes the drink and he gets... wait for it.... Drambuie and Cranberry.  Yeah. I think I'll just walk a block to Dino's next time.
2	I come here for the swing dancing that happens every friday at 7pm (with a free beginner lesson at 6). The lounge has been recently "renovated" with a fresh coat of paint over the walls and pavement flooring (not kidding. it's already mostly chipped off). It was actually a lot cooler before; had a groovy, underground vibe to it - felt like I was "in-the-know" being there. Drinks are served in plastic cups and are about as costly as you'd find in a newer bar. $5 for 16oz(?) of blue moon served in a plastic cup, $7 for a mixed-drink. At a bar like this they should cost half that
3	Had some drinks waiting for the nude girls across the street to get on stage.Pretty OK place!
3	There is a massive amount of space inside the Thunderbird, a friendly bartender, and loud music, but apparently none of those things are enough to draw a late night crowd on a Friday night after all the swing dancing ended and the DJ's fired up the turntables.  The bartender closed up shop on this 24 hour lounge super early and my group had to leave.  I could have hung out there all night otherwise.
2	So I belong to a group of travelers who meet up every Thursday and we do so at a different dive bar or lounge every week. Last Thursday it happened at Thunderbird Lounge.My first impression as I was the first one to arrive, was not very good, but kept an open mind as usual. The parking lot is dark and deserted. The entryway wasn't easy to find but we managed. There were only 2 guests at the bar. The bar is very comfortable, but there was nobody else. This was at 8pm.As my guests started to arrive the crowd gathered and we were suddenly about 30 people in my group.Drinks were not expensive, but were served in these tiny glasses unless you asked for a bigger glass.Sarah, the bartender, was this pretty little Philipina girl who was super nice and accommodating. We took her by surprise! She wasn't expecting us. I hope she made some beaucoup bucks!The TV had the news on when we arrived, but Sarah quickly put some music on the jukebox/system. There was no band or any kind of show on a Thursday night.Some of us were hungry and since Thunderbird doesn't offer food, Sarah did provide us with some menus for delivery which we took advantage of.The lounge is painted bright red and has great retro pictures of Hollywood's most famous people.We left around 11ish or 12 only cuz the group had disintegrated by then, we were only like 6 or 7 people. So we moved on to another dive, but we enjoyed our visit!This place definitely deserves a second chance, at least in my book!
3	They host a weekly swing dance night here on Fridays, which is the only time I've really ever been here. There are two entrances, one through the hotel lobby, the other if you walk toward the front driveway / parking lot entry (if that makes sense).The place has a few booths and tables, as well as your standard bar area. Drinks are somewhat decent for the price you pay. With the vintage music and dancers, the atmosphere is quite nice. The dance floor area is somewhat dingy and could use a good scrub though.
3	What can I say? At this place the bartender was only attentive to gamers. I wanted a beer and wings with my friends.  We sat at the bar but got little attention. The gamers got the service and attention.  The wings and chicken fingers were ok. Wings were soggy and chicken fingers over cooked. We were not disgusted but it was a below average meal with below average service.
