4	Finally!  Hot yoga is moving to NE Mesa!  Found this new hot yoga studio on Groupon.  Great deal for 10 weeks and you have 90 days to utilized.  Went to visit the studio first before I purchased the Groupon and was sold immediately.  It's nice and clean and they have a great little Green Bar featuring fresh greens juices.  I picked up the schedule and signed up for my 1st class.  I like that they offer regular yoga and the hot yoga.  The hot yoga is intense and it's nice to have an option if you're not ready for it.  The staff and instructor were nice and helpful.  During the class they assisted with positions to get that better stretch and no pressure if you can't do the intense yoga positions.  If you need to take a break you simply lay on your mat take a break and drink H2o.  Great schedule options everyday of the week.
2	Bought a Groupon (10 classes) to try this studio. I didn't use all ten but their system said I did?? I mentioned this to the front desk but she seems lost and doesn't know how to verify check-ins. They were having summer special price until Sept. 1 (website sates expires September 1st) so I went in on Sept. 1st to buy more classes but they said it ended on Aug. 31st?? This seems like a false advertisement. Copy from their website:Sunny Summer Specials (Offer Expires September 1, 2014)Introductory Drop In  $18 $15.00 PURCHASE Introductory 5 Classes $70 $52.50 PURCHASE Introductory 10 Classes $130 $97.50 PURCHASE Introductory 25 Classes $300 $225.00 PURCHASE Introductory 50 Classes $550 $412.50 PURCHASE They have good fun classes...instructors are experienced and helpful. Many poses are similar to Sumits and Bikram. I liked that they offer one hour classes (some are 1hr 15min) instead of 90min and they offer green drinks (~$4 small size...a bit cheaper if you buy a punch card of 10).
5	When I lived in Scottsdale, I was spoiled by having Hot Yoga University right down the street from me. When I moved to Phoenix, I was really sad to have to find another studio and went without for over a year because I couldn't find anything that measured up. I can't even explain how excited I was when I moved to Mesa and discovered Hot Pepper yoga just a few blocks away! This little gem is exactly what I have been looking for--it is a beautiful studio with a special yoga floor (no gross carpet), helpful, supportive and friendly staff, a calming environment and a variety of classes with a wide range of times that work with my busy schedule. For anyone that is looking for a hot yoga studio (or has tried Bikram and has sworn off hot yoga altogether), you have got to give Hot Pepper Yoga a try--you will be glad that you did!!!
5	One of the best yoga studios I have been to. Great instructors that are helpful. Variety of classes ( hot yoga with body sculpting yay!) and non-heated classes. Green juice bar available. I love that it is an inclusive vibe not an exclusive or militant vibe. It is super clean and smells clean. It's close to my house but I would travel if I needed to to come here.
