3	If you have AT&T service, forget this place. You will be paying for phone calls because you won't be able to use your cell phone. First room I was given, the key reader was flashing red and green and wouldn't open. Finally, this guy inside the room says, "you have the wrong room!" Holy crap, thank goodness it didn't work. The front desk didn't show anyone in that room! Was actually funny, mistakes happen. Hotel was very clean, and had a nice bistro cafe with comfortable seating. Nice staff, good food. Room was clean, well laid out, Marriott beds are so comfortable. If it wasn't for the cell phone service and charging me for my call, I'd give this place five stars.
2	Beautiful hotel, pleasant staff.  The room was nice and clean & the bed was one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in!  The Bistro Burger I had for dinner was great as well!And then there was the bathroom...  At first glance, the bathroom appeared to be clean and in order.  But I quickly realized that either the cleaning staff did a quick once over or completely ignored the bathroom altogether.  The bottles of shampoo, lotion, and bath soap were all used and had only half of the contents in the bottle, but arranged on the sink as if they were full and there for me to use.  Additionally, the bath towels had dirt and makeup on the reverse side as if someone had wiped their hands/face with the towel still on the rack.Unfortunately, I was running late for an early morning meeting, so I didn't get a chance to report this to the front desk.  I hate to give bad reviews, but I had no choice in this one.  I hear this is a new hotel, so I hope that things improve as they become more established in this area.
3	Hotel is in a very high traffic area, if you drive here beware, otherwise there is a shuttle. Hotel is clean and modern, as for AT&T yes it is an issue. Wifi is good I was on floor 5 and was running 3 devices no issues. If you like a beer it is $6.77 per Sam Adams. Bistro is ok, very processed pre packaged then heated up. Salads were fine as were the wraps. My company had them do lunch every day which was not to bad. Staff is very friendly and courteous. All in all a decent 3 day stay.
4	I gave the hotel another chance, and it was much better!!  The staff was friendly, the room was nice, and the food was great!!  I guess the last time I stayed was their "one off", but I definitely recommend you stay if you're ever in Charlotte.
3	We stayed at the Courtyard Billy Graham on Oct 18th-20th and while the hotel itself was lovely, the customer service left much to be desired.  In fact, I give the hotel location, decor, amenities etc 4 stars while I give service about 1.5. Let me go into why I found the service so clearly lacking what I expect from the Marriott Brand. We checked in on Friday about 5pm or so, got to the room and tried to connect to the wi-fi.  Not one of our devices worked. Not the laptop, not the ipad, not the iphone, not the galaxy, not the kindle.  We called the front desk and were then asked if WE wanted to call Time Warner Cable.  Not sure when I got a job working for Marriott - but the front desk was already putting me to work.  We declined to call them, but not more than 5 minutes late the front desk had called back and transferred us to a Time Warner Cable customer service professional.  After 30 minutes of trying to troubleshoot with them, they were unable to help. Now, beside calling down to the front desk an asking for help I contacted Marriott's different social media outlets.  Below are the results:Marriott Facebook - sent a direct message on Friday the 18th.  Still no response as of Wed the 23rd.@Marriott twitter feed - complained via twitter on Friday, they responded on Saturday asking for direct contact information which I provided.  No other contact made as of Wed the 23rd.@MarriottIntl twitter feed - THIS is who you want to contact.  Not only was Jan immediately responsive on Friday night but she contacted the hotel TWICE to make sure my issue was eventually solved.  She was great about getting it fixed, however it took a full 24 hours from when we contacted the front desk before someone from the hotel actually worked on the issue. The solution ended up having us move rooms since the issue seemed to stem from the "node" on the 6th floor not transmitting.  We were given a suite - but having to move rooms just as we were getting ready for a dinner reservation hardly seemed worth the aggravation I suffered by not being about to connect my devices while I was on a business trip.  Be wary of the Marriott and check your devices just in case another "node" is out and you need to move rooms.
1	The hotel was pretty good until we had a problem after our first night(of 2). We found a mouse scurrying around our room! It ran into the bathroom, so we closed the door and called the front desk. We had our infant child in the room, so we were really concerned about the mouse getting into the baby bag, etc. They moved us to a new room, as expected and the mouse was later caught by hotel staff.   BUT, we still had to pay as normal upon checkout(Sunday) and we were told that we'd be contacted by management because they couldn't do anything about the charges at that time. Mon-no call received.Tue-no call received, called hotel manager, no answer.Wed-we called corporate: "we must give manager 48hrs to resolve issue".Thurs-no call received.Fri-no call received, called hotel manager, no answer.Mon-called corporate, they called manager on conference call, he admitted to receiving voicemails without responding. He decided to refund us just 1 night for our troubles. The lack of response and attitude of the manager didn't sit well with us. Refund for just 1 night was the icing on the cake. Will never stay there again. It's unfortunate they were unwilling to go ABOVE and BEYOND for an inconvenienced customer...
3	Nice property and I appreciate free parking.  I was traveling on business so it's good for the purpose it serves. Front desk was pleasant however, I could have used some direction on the location of the elevators; it was hidden down a long corridor.  I was thanked for being a Marriott rewards member.  Then thanked for being a Marriott Elite member.  I was given Wi-Fi log in information and sent on my way to the elusive elevator.The only thing that would have made this trip nicer was a bottle of water.  Not much cost and I understand it's Marriott's loyalty program but what a simple way to make it special.The gym facility was alright.  Free-weights, three treadmills, two ellipticals and one stationary bike.  They provide towels and a canister of Lysol wipes.  I went at 10:00pm last night and 7:00am this morning and it appeared as though the same, overflowing dirty towels were still there.  I would suggest a more frequent check on the used towel pile.There had been some write ups regarding the traffic in the area and I have to concur although, during my stay, it wasn't all that bad.  You might sit a while waiting for an opening to hop on Tryon Street but if you need to get on Billy Graham Parkway it's a little more tricky.  You can exit the hotel on the Woodlawn Road side but there's a median preventing you from hopping over so you have to dart for the left turn lane on Tryon Street.All in all, I would probably stay here again.
3	I have to agree with others on a few topics...The traffic is terrible. It is like to near impossible to get into this locations parking lot.Getting out in the morning is almost as bad, but sometimes there are polite people who will let you out.The train track out back are a nice touch.I was sooooooooo tired that I only heard two trains. Very long trains.The bed was OK. However, the pillows suck.It might be time to invest in some new ones.How nice would that be to sleep on a nice new pillow instead of one which is flat in ten minutes.The front staff is pleasant.I am OK if I never stay here again.
4	Stayed three nights while down for the Auto Fair and Steelers vs Panthers game.  Place was really nice considering the location.  It was very difficult maneuvering in and out of the parking because of the medians.  Customer service was very nice and welcoming.  Loved the patio due to the fireplace and multiple seating areas.  The entire place had a very modern, upbeat feel with its decor.  The Bistro was good considering the use of processed food.  The food was good, but a few items seemed bland lacking spice.  Very limited in most wines. Overall it was a great stay.  I would consider staying here again.
5	Got sent here by our airline after our flight got canceled...extremely friendly staff, ranging from the shuttle drivers to the check-in to the room service.  We had the extremely importable bed that we have come to love about Marriott hotels.  We had absolutely no complaints and were really well taken care of.
5	This was unexpectedly awesome, beautiful hotel and friendly staff!! Great Price! LIKED - LIKED - LIKED - LIKED - LIKED Hallways that smelled like fresh baked Sugar Cookies!!Colorful Decor Friendly Staff Spacious Clean & Comfortable Rooms Black Bathroom Counters Area for printing your Boarding Passes Handicapped Accessible Pool & Whirlpool Business Center Spacious Meeting Room Outdoor Fireplace/Patio DISLIKED - DISLIKED - DISLIKED Speaking with the front desk they said all Courtyard's might not be this way (style), because this was a building previously occupied. I'd love to have the same experience at other Courtyard's that I had here. Hopefully it won't differ on too many accommodations that count.
