4	Stopped here today on my way home. It is in the back of a strip mall and could easily be missed if not looking. The glass front doors could use a nice washing. I assume it has been a while since that has happened from the looks of it. The inside looks to me much cleaner but dated. Wood wainscoting topped with raspberry paint, one or two chandeliers much too small for the space and as usually art work hung too high on the wall. But it all felt good. The woman greeting me did so with a smile. She took my order and in asking; spicy? I said yes.  I ordered the Kung Pao chicken, which came with hot sour soup and eggroll and I assume a crab thingie. The soup was very good with a nice rich deep flavour. The Kung Pao too was quite good although not spicy as expected. But that was fine as the flavour was to my liking while the veggies were nice and fresh.  I also liked the eggroll as it was thin and just the right crispiness. The crab thingie was just sort of there, I don't get those things. This lunch came in at $5:63 total. I will be back. Oh and the woman waiting on me was very attentive without being intrusive. She seemed to really care if I was enjoying the food and I was.
5	Chinese restaurants are to Avondale what pizza joints are to Peoria; they come included with every strip mall, equipped with generic menus, Pepsi fountains and a seemingly randomly assigned embarrassingly stereotypical name. Golden China is on the opposite corner of 107th & Indian School as Dragon Garden Express and a block west of Wong's. This explains why I never tried it all these years. I just saw it at superfluous.It's like putting Ballpark pizza right by Pullano--oh wait.I usually don't get takeout at night because at Wong's and DGE their dinner entrees come with steamed rice and I can't hang with steamed rice. It's like fried rice without the personality, or Ann Coulter without her Adam's apple.But dammit I needed some sweet and sour pork or kung pao two. There was no negotiating with my appetite. It was Chinese or the other thing I'm always in the mood for: ramen. And I've been trying to cut down on that. At the rate I'm putting all these preservatives in my body, I will live to be 200. And Law and Order will still be on television.So I decided to take a chance on Golden China in hopes they could spare me from the wrath of the steamed rice god.Being too distracted by the superbly cliche interior decorating, I failed to notice the menu posted on the window. So once I got to the counter, I was only able to browse for a few seconds before just randomly selecting whatever sounded good.I ordered the twice cooked pork. While I sat in one of their two-small-for-me-but-what isn't? chairs, one of their staff brought it out to me and handed me a plastic bag that felt a little heavier than normal. When I got home, I found that my standard styrofoam tv takeout tray had come with two small paper bags. One contained the fortune cookies and some hot oil.The other came with a cheese wonton, an eggroll, and a crab puff.While I was delighted to see all the treats my dinner came with, it left me perplexed.If the eggroll is right here, then what's in the third compartment of the takeout tray? Oh please don't be two compartments of fried rice.Be still my beating heart.My dinner came with fried rice AND NOODLES.An entree with noodles? Are you sure you aren't Panda Express?As expected, the pork was amazing. And spicy. Glass of milk spicy. The noodles were soft and slimy, the crab puff was crabtastic, the eggroll was savory and crunchy, not even the bland and unimaginative fried rice could ruin this meal. Looking back, I realize that I am really bad at describing flavors. How did I get to be Elite again?I was so full I thought I would rupture my stomach but I still wanted more.So I went again for lunch the next day.I got the sweet and sour pork. It was hot and juicy, with chunks of pineapple mixed in with the vegetables and tender meat. While not nearly as filling as the dinner experience, it served to stave off my endless hunger for cheap Chinese for a few hours.The takeout is just as good and filling as Wong's dine-in. I can't attest to GC's dining-in experience yet, because every time I've gone there I was the only one in the restaurant, and I have a rule about being at the only occupied table in a restaurant. That happened to me on a date once. It's hard to maintain interesting "getting to know you" conversation while some waiter lurks over you practically begging you with their eyes to give them something to do. Moral of the story: If the zombie apocalypse occurs and it turns out that brains taste like orange chicken, just leave me behind.
5	I love the fact that I live 5 minutes from this restaurant.  Outstanding singapore rice noodles, very tasty chow fun.  Chicken fried rice made to order tastes great and the portions are huge.  I find the quality of the food just as good as it's higher-priced neighbor (Wongs).  Give this place a try if you're in the area.  Also, if you shop at Fry's kiddie-corner from this restaurant, there's usually a coupon on the backside of your grocery receipt.
5	Golden China isn't the fanciest Chinese restaurant in the West Valley, but they are friendliest.  They're so friendly, the first time my wife and I ate there, we started laughing.  Plus, their food is always hot and delicious.  Their prices are very reasonable, even for dinner.  My favorite dish is their Sesame Chicken, and my wife and daughter share the Sweet and Sour Chicken with the sauce on the side.  I like the Hot and Sour Soup too.Also, they have a table where you can leave your business cards and brochures.  I think that's friendly too.
1	This place was highly suggested; however, when Shane and I showed up the only thing that looked good about this place was an oceanic painting on the wall.  I give this place a one star because the food was hot and ready in like 5 minutes, but the appearance was interesting.  I ordered orange chicken; you can't really mess up orange chicken rite?  Well the supposed fried rice was just white rice drenched in soy sauce and the noodles looked old and gross.  The orange chicken tasted nothing like orange and it looked like it was previously frozen.  Sorry peeps I will not be going back to the Golden China.  PS not sure why they are called "Golden" China as there was nothing golden about this place.
5	Love Golden China... Granted u just know not to eat the fried rice or the chow mein noodles but the fried shrimp app and most things we have tried have been delicious. We have been five times now and loved it every time!
1	You get a lot for your money,  but that doesn't mean anything if you can't eat the food. We ordered chicken lo mein chicken fried rice and orange chicken. The noodles in the lo mein were edible but the chicken not so much. My daughter said the orange chicken was awful, I just took her word for it. And the fried rice wasn't  fresh. Waste of our money overall.  Their chicken taste boiled with no flavor. Good thing I had a coupon! Will not be going back.
1	The food looked good but had no taste.
3	Eh, Jesse and I went in on a whim mid afternoon on the weekend. Place was empty and the decor is lacking. We had good service, never an empty drink. I had strawberry chicken- it was pretty good, not very flavorful but good. Jesse had another spicy chicken dish- OK. Great prices, came out for $17 including a $5 tip. Some people in the restaurant were making lunch meat sandwiches taken from the Pepsi fridge in the front- strange. May order for take out, but not going in again.
5	Hard to find good Chinese food, especially if around this area by Westview HS. Came in on a recommendation, first thing I noticed it was clean, smelled clean too. Like bleach and pine sol, so for me that was a plus, came in for their lunch menu, cheap! I had the sweet and sour pork, came with fried rice, egg roll and wantons. Also got beef broccoli combo for the gf. Meat was meat and not fat. Fried rice wasn't the greatest but hardly gave any so for me it wasn't a biggie.
3	This place is an average made-for-Americans Chinese place. Not particularly friendly people. The beef curry was barely ok.  The sauce was sort of thickened and glossy. The chow fun noodles were the best thing, wide noodles with beef. The egg rolls were average. I would try a different Chinese place....
3	They have a creepy lady that serves. She was way to hands on with the food. I was eating and she reached over me and slid my plate closer as if I was dropping food on the table or something. stood in my personal space for a good minute or two as I was chowing down. It was too weird for my liking. Food was alright
4	Once a month, I visit local eateries by our house.  This one is always a favorite, because every dish seems to be really fresh and really hot.   For the same money (No really!) as a fast food meal, you get a freshly cooked meal.  The Sesame and Orange chicken is always a favorite, but the spicy beef and broccoli is my personal go-to menu item when I'm not feeling adventurous.  It's lean beef, not fatty, not drowning, not spiced to death - just the way you'd want to eat it with just enough flavor and spice.The waitress is always ALWAYS friendly, and never overbearing.  She takes your order, refills your tea or Pepsi, and leaves you alone to enjoy your meal.  The restaurant - if I'm not mistaken - is family run.  What a nice group of people with a quaint atmosphere, and not interrupted by televisions.  The price is absolutely right.  On the rare occasion when I'm sick, I order take-out of the egg-drop or spicy soup.  The soup has a similar effect on me as when Popeye eats a can of spinach.  Suddenly the color returns to my face, my arms bulge out, my tattoos clap together and I go outside and beat up a bad guy, usually some loitering post-pubescent scarpocked punk at the Charter School Academy just two storefronts down.  It's that good.  Crime fighting good!
5	Good Chinese food, friendly and prompt service, it was a little warm in the restaurant so that made it a but uncomfortable, but all in all it was a nice dinner experience, I will definitely be back soon and often.
4	Ordered some take out. Had the family dinner for two with sweet and sour chicken, beef broccoli, wonton soup, egg roll and rice. And a lo mein lunch special on the side. Was more than enough food to feed more than 2 people. Never been inside the restaurant just read some reviews and decided to order from here. Chinese food was average nothing special but definitely not bad and would order from here again.
1	The food was just okay and I ended up with food poisoning, I will not go back! I do NOT reccomend this to anyone!
