5	Went to go and see Dr. Cathreine Hollenbach for the first time yesterday.  I really like her.  I am very picky with my doctors and I must say that she is definitely a doctor I will continue to see!  Everyone in the office is super nice.  If you are looking for a an eye doctor, I must recommend Dr. Hollenbach!
5	I've been very pleased with Dr. Hollenbach and her staff at Scottsdale Eye Care.  I've been going there for three years, I believe.  Her office is small but very clean, nicely designed, with a good selection of frames on display.  The last couple times I was there, a sweet, old, blind dog was walking around the waiting area.  (I couldn't help but joke about the irony of a blind dog at an optometrist's office.)The office is never, ever busy, and I mean that in a good way.  The women that work at the front desk are super friendly and helpful, and they know what they're doing with insurance.  Before I found this place, I made the mistake of getting contacts at Lenscrafters and they must've really screwed something up insurance-wise, because with the same coverage, I pay less than half what Lenscrafters charged me.The equipment at Scottsdale Eye Care seems to be modern and up-to-date.  Dr. Hollenbach is friendly, and always gives me samples of eye drops or solution.  And I'm always in and out very quickly.  I generally am only there for my once-a-year exam, but oddly, it's almost something I look forward to.  I always opt for the additional tests, because I like to know that my eyes are 100% healthy.I would highly recommend Dr. Hollenbach.  (She even knows my primary care doctor, Dr. Pozun at Lifescape, from Mayo, and I also highly recommend her... Office is across the parking lot!)
5	Dr. Hollenbach is awesome and highly knowledgeable. Everyone I interacted with on her staff was great too. It seems like every time I go to see the eye doctor the technology they have gets more advanced or she just happens to have the latest equipment.The office is fairly large and clean. They share the space with a few other eye related doctors that also seem great based on all their awards and celebrity endorsements posted on the walls. They do have some frames for you to browse through. It's definitely not the largest selection I've seen but they do have mostly designer frames.I didn't know that my insurance covered contact exams as my last one didn't so I was pleased when I was told that I would be receiving a credit when I picked up my contacts. I also got 4 boxes included in my coverage and they knew this when I was placing my order. I loved that they knew my insurance policy and was honest. I highly recommend her if you're looking for a great Optometrist, I know I'll be back next year!
1	Show up early as asked and sit 35 minutes past the appt being ignored.  A reminder, the patient who happens to be paying for a service values their time as well.
1	I tend to view businesses in terms of the people they hire to represent them to the public. If the doctor's expertise is at the same relative level of those she hires to process new patients. best of luck to those who seek treatment.First. Kudos to the Dr. for her service to our country. Presumably her bio is not as inaccurate as the on line picture of her office. Her staff told me that her office does not look anything like the picture. Who to believe?Given the above, why did I schedule an appointment? Because her online bio cites military service. As I followed the instructions I was given to find her office, I repeatedly described my route to her office worker who was providing directions. After 20 minutes of following her directions, I surrendered to the possibility, that a good Dr. does not know enough about business to hire front line staff that can actually do the job.I have no knowledge of the Dr.'s qualifications (who to believe?) or her expertise (I canceled when her staff couldn't direct me to her office.). I do know that I will never entrust my vision to her.
5	Just got back from Scottsdale Eye Care and Dr. Hollenbach.  These reviews confuse me.  One, Dr. Hollenbach is the only optometrist for Scottsdale Eyecare, though maybe Dr Shorb is in the rest of the building, as she shares space?  Never heard of him.  She doesn't do Lasik, so I'm not sure who John D is talking about.   I've never waited more than 10 minutes for an appointment (been going to Dr. Hollenbach since 2002 with a family of 4).  Her office is located in the office park on the corner of Raintree and the 101...not very hard to find...makes me wonder about the navigational skills of the person who couldn't find it... and please don't questions someone's military service and ability because you can't google directions.  Really??  And the pictures on her website are of her old office building.  She does graciously offer to host interns in her practice, so they can get some real experience.  As a small business owner, who has employed interns in the past, I know that it is more of a service we provide to them, than "free" labor for us.  It's hard and time consuming to train someone from scratch and just when they learn the ropes, they are moving on.  Which is why many interns struggle to find a business willing to hire interns.  Kudos on Dr. Hollenbach for her both her service to her country and to her future fellow optometrists!Anyways, always super courteous and friendly.  Excellent eye care.  Highly recommend!!
5	I totally agree with Lisa S.  I have been a patient of Dr. Hollenbach for a few years now, and have always been very pleased with the care I have received.  She and her staff have always been totally professional and competent.  I just returned from my appointment, and I waited less than 10 minutes after arrival, most of which was spent reviewing and correcting personal information in my file (I had moved since my last appointment). I highly recommend Dr. Hollenbach for anyone looking for a high quality eye care practice in the area.
