4	Most helpful and friendly pharmacy staff that I've ever encountered. The drive thru can be slow, and watch out for Boxcar Willie out in the parking lot.
2	The evening shift pharmacy manager is a jerk. They only had a partial quantity of my prescription available so he gave that to me and told me to come back when I was ready for the rest. I came back a week and a half later and he told me that I had to pay my extremely high co-pay again because I waited too long to come back. I told him that there was no time frame given or I would've come back for the rest already. He argued with me and said that he had informed me of that (LIAR!!!!!). He refused to override the charge for a prescription that I'd already paid for. He told me if I had a problem I could call 1800-Walgreens. I did just that. I spoke with someone in customer service who said that someone would contact me within 48 hours. I received a call the next day saying that my prescription was ready and the fee was being waived. Jerk.
4	I go here to get my prescriptions filled and also to shop for cosmetics and stuff occasionally.  I've never had a problem with the pharmacy.  The drive thru line can take a while at times, so I try to go during the off-peak hours.  When I don't have to wait for other people in line I can drive up, get my prescription, and be done in less than 5 minutes.and sometimes they have treats for my dog!
4	The staff is friendly and there are some good deals at times. The pharmacy is a little confusing, the staff in there doesn't seem to communicate well. I switched to a different birth control and they kept giving me the old perscription too until I pointed it out.Regular walgreens, has most everything you would want/need from a convenience store.
5	EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE HERE! I've used the pharmacy (drive through at night) and store during the day and both were excellent experiences. By accident I left an item behind in the store after a purchase and the employees, especially the manager and assistant managers, were all VERY helpful in keeping it safe for me until I was able to retrieve it.
4	CVS is so much better when it comes to filling prescriptions. This place takes longer. And they forget about you. CVS will call out your name, here its "Oh you are still waiting?" :-|Pros - the app is great, Walgreens photo is amazing and helps my scrap bookign needs!And it has all of my girly necessities, from make up to shampoo, to lotion. Awesome.
