5	I just want to say that I love this place.  I don't have children but I attended a birthday party for my niece here and I was impress with this place.  It's a giant indoor playground.  There's an area for the children to take off their shoes and little cubbies to put them in.  I was very surprised that kids could entertain themselves for so long in the space of the playground.  There is a seating area for adults and there are magazines available to keep a parent's mind occupied.  There is also an adorable cafe that serve coffee, espresso drinks, sandwiches, and salads.  There are two little party rooms for private parties to eat and gather.  I was so impressed with this place that I turned to my brother and said, "If this place had wifi, it would be the perfect place to bring your kids.  You could let them loose and just sit down and surf the web for a while."  It turns out that they do have wifi.It has to be said that the employees of this establishment were very friendly and accommodating.  One of the kids at the party had a gluten allergy and they made him a gluten fee plate.  They were very cheerful and really helpful with any requests that my brother and his wife had.  They also were cleaning the disinfecting the play area throughout the time we were there but they did so in a non intrusive way.  They never closed down an area of the playground for the cleaning, they would just sneak in and wipe it down methodically while the kids played.  I really recommend this place if you have kids.  The entire facility is small enough for you to never lose sight of your child or the play area but it's also big enough to keep your kid entertained for hours.  It is also parent friendly.  I believe this is a new business.  Give it a try.  I think you'll like it!!!
5	This wonderful place has only been open for about 3 months, but the word has gotten out. It can get pretty crowded during the early day, but even when it's almost full it's not terrible! The play area is wonderful. Set up with a toddler area and an older kid area. It's always clean and I see the staff cleaning all the time. The food is good and reasonable, kids meals are only $4.00 for a sandwich, milk, fruit, and cookie.  They have free wi-fi and it's fast. The owner is always here and cares about his business, all the employees are nice and friendly. The only thing is its a bit slow for the food, but that's fine, you can sit back and the kids can play while you wait.
4	My daughter loves this place! The cookies and muffins are so good!! Fresh and taste wonderful. I wish I could say the same for the coffee. It's just nasty. I've had it on two different occasions, two different flavors and didn't care for it. The owner got a little offended when my friend told him the coffee wasn't great- but hey, he asked for her honest opinion. We will definitely be back because my daughter loves playing there and it's a great price to drain some of her energy. I'd get your coffee after at the Starbucks across the street though.
4	We've got multiple punch cards to this place. It's a fun place to go burn a couple hours, especially if you have very hyper kids. I'm a neat freak, am always inspecting base boards, counter-tops etc everywhere I go, giving each place a mental "cleanliness grade" (yeah I should probably be medicated). This place is always clean considering the chaos it contains on a daily bases. There breakfast sandwiches aren't anything to write home on, a little greasy (buttered bread when there is bacon and cheese involved as is). I'd buy the kids food but either not eat or buy food else where. Drinks are okay. OWNER IS ALWAYS PRESENT WHICH IS AWESOME!The downfall (Otherwise-non 5 star):This place gets crowded, I've seen some parents not keeping track of their sometimes multiple kids, and they nearly always end up in the "toddler area", especially if they are still toddlers and it's a bit of a gray area.I am guilty of this, my 2 year old looks like he is 3.5, and is crazy when let loose in a brightly lit establishment made just for rolling, running, climbing and screaming mad. Especially since mom calls it the "play area".Well, I was getting the stink eye from one particular mom of a crawling infant. I tried controlling my wild child, but only a little since I also had his 4 year old brother to keep track of, who was on the other side of the place. He wasn't mauling her child, but rolling around in the tube close by, nearly mauling him a few times. I couldn't help but think, why is there a crawling infant within the general population of crazy running, jumping kids?No negativity towards stink eye, but something needs to be done about the management of ages. I think they need a "infant room". Something off to the side, gated and (loosely) managed by an employee. Possibly with a infant changing area, a bottle warmer, nursing area etc. This is why I love Ikea, but it's so far.
5	Brought my 2 granddaughters here when they were visiting from the east coast. They were 1 1/2 and 3 1/2. What a great hit! The equipment is built so that the parents can go inside as well - a bonus when your little one is trying it for the first time. In addition to the climbing equipment, there are also ride on cars which the toddler loved.The equipment is so creative that the kids were entertained for multiple trips during their visit here, and they still talk about wanting to go back on their next visit.The staff is amazing at remembering your drink orders - they got mine right on the 2nd visit! And they bring your food and drink to you, so no need to do the "starbucks dance" while you wait (and wait) on the barista.Their food is simple but creative and very fresh. My favorite is the breakfast panini. Haven't tried the muffins, as I'm  not a big muffin fan, but the cookies are awesome.Did I mention super clean? Since it's brand new, everything is sparkling, but you can always see the staff cleaning and cleaning. The owner is very friendly and seems to always be on site, but his crew is very friendly and helpful as well. Just a nice place to hang out and let the kids enjoy.
5	Had lunch here today with a business associate - the best Croissant chicken salad sandwich I've had in a long time...and I do make my own...sweet tasting and excellent!  Also had an iced latte  -  double ristretto shot of PRESS espresso (local roaster) ...great job. Loved it and my business associate was pleased as well...he had the Turkey sandwich..."what was that ..."  it was cranberry relish(?) with whipped cream on turkey...You need to try this...All in all a great meal, cafe was quiet enough to have a good conversation and the owner / host James Bernau has the energy and enthusiasm of a 11 year old boy and loves his job!  Great coffee & espresso Great lunch.  If your in the neighborhood, you need to get into Play Grounds Fun-zone Cafe.
5	My 2 toddlers LOVE this place. They always have a great time on the PreSchool sized playground. I love it because it is always clean and the owner and staff are extremely friendly and courteous. We recently had my son's 3rd birthday party there. The food was fresh and tasty, the service was great and every child there had a great time!  I recommend this place to anyone with toddlers and preschoolers.
4	Great place indoors to occupy kids. They have a menu and free wifi and coffee. Menu looks good but limited. The pastries are good. A little pricey when you have lots of kids but it's bright and clean (most important) and comfortable.  The staff is very nice!
5	Really great concept. Food is good and the coffee is super tasty. My little one loved it. We will definitely be back. Nice job.
5	I wanted to do four stars, but really, that is more a reflection of other parents.  I do wish that staff members would not ignore the play area and encourage parents to watch their kids more though!They have made an attempt with the toddler area, they have put more signs up at the entrance to it indicating kids must be less than 42 inches or below "this line" which is actually at about 38 inches!  The section for younger kids is designated as "toddler" which could be anywhere from 1-5 depending on who is saying it's a toddler.  If a baby is in there crawling...well...that's a baby, not a toddler.  (FTR, I think toddler is from 1.5-3rd birthday, I am just saying it's a loosely defined term).  Maybe they should have another infant area, and then a toddler area.Or....it would be nice if there was a specific time for say 5 and under.  I have 3 year old twins.  I am the mom who is up and the tunnels with them because there are 8 year olds knocking kids down.  I just don't think there should be such a large age range especially when it is crowded; again, that's because we've had bad experiences with chaotic older kids.  I really had to work with my daughter to go back because an older kid kept touching her (a special needs group was visiting and the supervisors of the group weren't doing their jobs, again, something to consider, but I don't know if you can hold it against Playgrounds)Moving on...this is by far the cleanest place I take my kids to play.  I don't know how they keep the equipment looking so new and the place smelling good but they do and I am impressed.The staff is friendly and even patient with my 3 year olds wanting to pay for their own snacks.  My kids love the food here, so much that I haven't been able to try it (I plan to eat their leftovers and low and behold no leftovers).We do our best to go early morning or late afternoon to avoid the crowds and that makes for a very pleasant experience.  We will go back, and you should visit too!  (And if you have nice kids who won't run over mine you should visit early mornings and late afternoons too!)
5	We visited Playgrounds for the first time today, one thing I can say IMPRESSED! It was great. My son had a blast while mom and dad had a (tasty) bite to eat. Clean, friendly atmosphere. Several times I saw various staff cleaning.  We were kind of looking for a place to have my sons birthday...I think we have found it!
5	We went here with our 10 month old son and our 3.5 year old neice. We had a wonderful time, there was plenty of space to run around and it was also divided into younger/ old kid play areas. It was exactly what we needed,  my wife and I could enjoy an iced coffee in the A/C while the kids ran around and spent most of their energy. The other parents were all very nice and the kids played together well. When we were done we enjoyed a quiet drive home because the kids were passed out!We will be returning on those hot summer days when we dont want to deal with our local public pool.
5	Our kids just love this place.  They are 2, 2, and 5.  Everytime we've been here, they fall asleep in the car on the way home.  They close at 2pm on Saturday and Sunday, just wish they were open later these days.  The crew keeps the playground clean and in good repair.  It's on the daily request list from our kids.
5	My 21 month old loved it!  Didn't have their food.  I did see someone with a frappe of some time and it looked delicious.  I should've asked him how it was.  I would definitely bring my baby girl here again.
5	Great space. Really clean in a good area. Great food. Very friendly staff. It's a gem. Definitely recommend it. Fresh tasty sandwiches. Great for kids and adults.
4	Just moved to the area. This is a good place for kids and good for parents too. Comfortable seating. Only tried the food once, it was okay -- a bit on the plain side and my suggestion for the kids' meals is to make the fruit portion larger, at least double.Good architecture on the playground -- places to hide and enough variation to keep kids interested for an hour or two. Call ahead to check on the crowd, particularly to avoid a large group/birthday party which can make the joint hectic.
5	What a great place. A large open play area with a large climbing frame for the kids to have a romparama until their energy levels drop. I think this place could wear out the Energizer Bunny. The tables face the play area so you can do your duty as a dad without getting up!!The food and coffee really hit the spot. Portions not too large so you don't end up feeling like a beached whale, and the kids don't get too distracted from the real task at hand, running off all that endless energy.I love this place and wish I'd found it earlier and so do the boys. We'll be back soon
4	Such a great place to bring the kids. They have an area for the big kids and a toddler area. While here I ordered a turkey sandwich on a croissant and an Italian soda. The sandwich portion was just right.  My only complaint is they need to keep the toddler zone a toddler zone. My 15 month old was playing in the area and some kids way to big for that area kept pushing and kicking her. They really need to make sure the parents are watching their kids. I had to tell these kids to play nicely because the parents wouldn't. Some parents bring their kids here and pay no attention to them so beware. The entire time I was here I heard 5 kids crying because another child had hurt them. Make sure you avoid lunch time it can get super crowded and limited seating. They only have a few couches surrounding the play zone.
1	This place was a joke. Don't say Sat mornings are open play if you are gonna make people with 1 child wait to play so you can make room for parties. You should close for parties if that is who you are letting play and giving priority to. Thanks for saving me $10 on a slightly bigger McDonald's play land. Found it online, drove 35 mins one way for nothing!
4	Today was the first time my 2 1/2 year old son and I visited the indoor playground/cafe , and were happy we did!  We normally venture over to the east side of town on the weekend when my little guy needs to do what 2 year olds do best, be WILD!  This place was a few dollars more $10, but much closer to home.  Overall the place was very clean, the staff was friendly and helpful, but most important of all...Collin had ton of fun!  If he had to vote for one thing specifically, he would pick the slides.  My only lacking is that I noticed a few kids a bit older and rougher then the average.  If you keep an eye on your tot this shouldn't be an issue.  We certainly will be back!
4	My 22 month old and I really enjoyed our time at Playgrounds.  I felt like I got a good value for the cost.  My only criticism would be that the play area seems a little small compared to the full size of the location.  Nonetheless, this is a great place to get out of the heat with a toddler.
5	This is a wonderful place to take the kids and play. The equipment always seems clean. The layout is very open and comfortable. They have couches and areas that are even comfortable for the adults. Their food and drinks served in the cafe area are always good. Everything is offered at a great price too. I highly recommend!
5	PlayGrounds is one of my favorite places to go with my grandchildren.  They are in a safe and contained environment that is tons of fun. I can actually sit at a table with my adult daughters and enjoy some delicious coffee, snacks, or lunch and great conversation.  It's a win-win for all.
5	This place is GREAT!! My son has had many play dates here. It is so nice to sit back and relax while he plays. The Cafe has very tasty food. Not to mention my son has an absolute blast when we go there. The employees are very nice and helpful. The owner is great. This is a great place to play, especially in the hot summer heat!
5	We had tons of fun with our 19 month old! We'll definitely be back!
5	PlayGrounds was our "go-to" place to be on a hot Phoenix day (or a random day off school!). They have a variety of areas for kids, including an area for the smaller kids. I love that I can climb and interact with my kids as well while they play. Then, I can sit back with their excellent selection of coffee and use their free wi-fi while I do catch up on some work. They also have child-friendly food options (could maybe use more on the allergy-frinedly list but we don't have that issue), as well as clean bathrooms and an overall fun experience for kids.
4	Cute place, not too big but there is a nice sitting area for parents.  Also, the staff is really nice!  I would recommend it for anyone in the area with small (under 8 y.o.) kids looking for a few hours of peace.  The cafe is right there and there's just enough for the little ones to do that you can enjoy your coffee in peace, but not worry about where they are & what they're up to.  Very nice!
5	Love love love this place!Owner is awesome and super nice, good food for a good price and the best part of all...... SO CLEAN. you would think after 7 days a week of kid using the equipment constantly you would think it would be dirty or worn out, they are good at replacing worn down toys and keeping it sanatized. My son loves it here!!
4	Love this place, the food is delicious and the people are so kind. Don't forget your socks though ;)
4	Great place to take the kids when it's hot outside. Food is a bit expensive for the quality. Love being able to play with the kids and roam around through the tunnels. Bathrooms could be cleaner but they have tons of use! Love that they expanded!
5	We have been here about five times. We travel from the east valley and make about a 50 minute drive but it is worth every mile. My kids are 3 and 6 and prefer this place over any other indoor playground or play place we have been to. We had two small birthday gatherings for our kids a week a part and James went out of his way to make it special even on short notice. I even had reservations at another place but my 6 year old begged for us to come to PlayGrounds instead. James once again helped us out. The owner is more than accommodating and very generous with prices. The food is delicious and when my kids finish their plate I call it a job well done. you can tell they use quality food.  My in-laws and I all purchased the granola that they make themselves and it is SO good! I don't often write reviews but I feel like this place warrants one right away.Bottom line:Customer service is great, facility is clean, food is worth ordering, and we could be there for hours and the kids don't get bored. We will be back for more.
4	We come here a LOT in summer. Too hot for the little ones at the park and need a place for them to have fun, burn energy and ensure I...I mean THEY take a good nap in the afternoon. I love that there are couches, a cafe for much needed caffeine and it's clean.I get the 5 visits for $35 deal since we're here a lot.Breakfast is decent too!
5	My daughter loves this place.  They have a awesome atmosphere and friendly staff. My daughter had her 4th birthday party here and its was a amazing time for her and all her friends. Their food and coffee is a added ++.
5	Great place for kids to play they offer a $2 military discount for each child as well. The play areas are kept clean and even when they are extremely busy there is no mess evident. What I was most amazed by however, was the ability for so many kids to get along I rarely witnessed any tantrums or fighting among children. It was a great experience!
5	Finally we found an indoor play area! My 9 month old son enjoyed the "toddler area". He crawled around and climbed on the large soft blocks. I thought he might get bored quick because there wasn't actual toys but he didn't mind at all. Once I thought about it, I was glad there wasn't toys. More toys = more germs. The only thing I had to be careful with was the bigger kids storming into the crawlers area. I know it's all fun and they don't mean any harm but I had to extra careful they didn't whack my kid. I didn't have a chance to try the cafe but kudos for the option. We will be back!
5	This place is awesome it's cool inside and a cafe in side as well what more can you ask for. You are at a play ground there are bound to be knock downs. The best part is that it's a clean place so I don't have to stress.
2	Neat concept but over priced for what it's worth. Coffee and food were pricey and nothing to brag about. My 1 year old didn't care for it much. It's definitely geared toward toddlers to about 7 years old.
5	James, the owner, has hit a home run with this place. Great food and coffee. The chicken salad is amazing!  A place where kids can play inside and parents can play or watch from the cozy couches. Staff is friendly. One suggestion...if you do come here always keep an eye on your kiddos, don't zone out and ignore them. I have been here many times where my little peeps have fallen victim to others kids naughty behavior and mom is chatting away and doesn't notice. Now if only James had a clone to open ore locations!
5	My 2 year old and I love this place! Play Grounds helped us make it through the summer when we couldn't go outside to play. The food is great, the owners are sweet,  it's always clean, and it's just a fun place for kids of all ages!
5	Good place to go and get out of the heat.
5	We go here quite often and my girls have a blast (5 and 2 years old). There is plenty to keep them busy and get them worn out! The food is great and reasonable. We do mom playgroup meetups often, and Playgrounds is great about doing group discounts when we have a big group. We love it!
1	This place an awful, Lord of the Flies inspired nightmare!  To start off our experience right, they wouldn't honor the coupons we'd received from their email advertisement the night before, which was not a good sign.  We would have left at that point if we weren't meeting friends there.  They have special areas to keep the infants and toddlers safe, but the staff and absentee parents do nothing to enforce these rules, so you've got 8 year old children body slamming each other from piled up couch cushions and blindly hopping over walls where babies are crawling around.  Most of the parents are sitting far away from the action snaking on the bland, overpriced food/drinks they serve, letting their kids run wild and barefoot, climbing backwards up slides, climbing up and jumping off the sides of the equipment, kicking each other on the slides, tripping and knocking down random kids in their way, and yanking the push cars away from smaller children just so they can run the cars into other smaller children playing nearby.  If you're not into parenting your kids, then this is a great place to let them run around and terrorize others ... but if you love your kids, and you've tried to raise them right, and want to bring them home uninjured, then stay clear of the PlayGrounds "Thunderdome" Fun Zone in Glendale.
5	I really enjoy this place... So much cleaner than outdoor parks, good food and a fraction of the low-class inattentive parents I usually encounter at the mall playground. It's awesome.
