2	The previous reviewer covered some of the strengths and weaknesses of S2YD, highlighting their wide selection, their penchant for messing up orders, and their willingness to fix the problem. I would agree with most of what she said. HOWEVER, what's left out in the previous message is that S2YD is so expensive because it charges you more than the restaurant does for each item. Eatstreet.com claims that each item costs an additional 5% more than it would in the restaurant, and those prices add up, as your bill will reveal. What really bugs me about this surcharge is that S2YD does not tell you at any time that this hidden surcharge exists. I found out only because I tried to order a single item that was typically less than five dollars in the store, and it came out to over ten dollars, when all the taxes and fees were totaled. While there is no other service quite like this in Madison, S2YD will turn a modest dinner into a bankruptcy if you're not careful. After using the service about five or so times, I have decided that the price simply isn't worth the product. On a side note, if you do order from S2YD, expect your food to be cold, and be careful with the types of food you order. For example, I once used the site to order from Fuzzy's Tacos, and when my food got here about an hour later, the taco shells were so soggy that the fillings just fell through the bottom. There is a huge  time lapse between your order (when the restaurant makes the food) and when the S2YD delivery person picks up and brings the food to you. Some foods, like tacos, simply can't sit for that long without being ruined.
1	I can deal with the overpriced food but the service is horrible. We have tried them on several occasions because of the variety. At this point we have too many "sorry we &@$$ up your food again here is a coupon for two dollars". The last time we got our food in an hour. It was the wrong food. Instead of two veggie sandwiches we got one hamburger ( we don't eat meat).  An hour later me got our food. Two hours total. I sent an email to complain but no response.
