3	What's there to say? It's a dry cleaner. It happens to be my dry cleaner of choice because it's a mere 3-minute walk from my house. I don't usually have things dry cleaned, so I cannot compare pricing. Overall... A-OK!
4	Took a few shirts here the other day. $2.75 for most items, turnaround is about two days. They even got some dye stains out of silk!
5	Am I supposed to give the cleaners five stars because my clothes weren't lost or ruined? Sure.Convenient, easy, they clean my clothes. Fast, reasonably priced, near my house, five stars. Why not?
1	These people are cheap money grubbing idiots with a need to call their customers liars and not correct their mistakes.  They took buttons from my jacket (god knows why) replaced them with different ones, then had the nerve to tell me that they were the original buttons even though I have had several people call them to tell them the original buttons were blue NOT WHITE!!! I'm not color blind you morons!  I work at a corporation with over 300 other professionals who need to dry clean their expensive suits also; not only will I tell them (in a company memo), that you are inefficient, dim-witted and obstinate but that you also have a little 16-year-old boy fight your battles for you.  This stupid kid also refused to get a manager and was the only employee there both times we went to pick up my suit.  If you value the clothes you paid hard-earned money for DO NOT EVER USE THIS PLACE!
1	We went here because it's close. But they do not do a good job. My husbands white work shirts all came back with dirty collars starched in. They don't do any garments with trim and the point of dry cleaning is keeping that body in clothing. Not here.
2	Took in a dress yesterday and explained that the zipper pull had broken off and I needed a new one. The gentleman at the counter said they'd have to replace the whole zipper at $20.00."But the zipper's fine--it's just the pull that's broken. Can you just put on a new one?""NO."Oh. Okay. Best be on my way, then.
4	Great place..... Good customer service and quick turnaround on the dry cleaning!!
3	I never had the problems the others had who posted before me.  They always cleaned my clothing correctly (no starch) but as the negative reviews keep getting posted I started looking for other cleaners and I'm very happy with were I ended up. If you can't afford to drive down the road these guys are cheap and easy; if you need extra treament to your clothing take it elsewhere and pay the extra coin for it.
4	This place offers great, fast service. I had forgotten a nice set of comforters here for months and when I visited the guy went through a bunch of left over orders until he found mine. Although he did not have to, he went out of his way to make sure I got my forgotten items. I have been frequenting this cleaner for over a year and the service is predictably good.
1	STAY AWAY unless you want your clothes ruined!!!!!I took in a pair of pants to have hemmed. While I was there they asked if I wanted them cleaned. I figured, eh, why not?? When I got them back there were white spots ALL OVER my black pants. I took them back to have them cleaned again, only not all the spots would come out. I understand that things happen and was totally calm about it and asked them to try again. I went back to pick them up after 2 tries and the remaining spots were still there. These are $70 Express Editor Brand Slacks. After speaking to the manager JAY, he basically accused me of lying and said that he washes all the clothes himself and didn't know where they came from. (I find that VERY hard to believe being that he is the manager for 2 stores. He washes ALL the clothes himself?? Yeah right!!)  I asked him that I get reimbursed to buy new pants. He refused!!!! So now I'm out a pair of pants and the $8.00 it cost me to have them ruined!!! Steer clear of this place!!!!
2	Fool me twice...Left clothes there on Friday and was promised a Tuesday pick up, which honestly is tool long. Came back Tuesday to be tol Wednesday morning, wednesday morning  --   Wednesday evening.  I Had a similar experience a bout 6 months ago and decided, foolishly, to try them one more time.  If you want to wait 3-4 business days for your clothes, this is the place.
5	I was looking for a place to do a  good job on my husband uniforms because he is very picky. They have done a GREAT job every time and the customer service is wonderful. The young man that helps me always has a smile on his face.
1	Eww, no thanks. Took my nice sweater here just because it had a musty smell after wearing it in a casino. Nothing on it but when I got it back, it had this crusty brown stuff on the front... I asked to have it redone but then changed my mind about 20 minutes later and decided to get it back and try another cleaner I've used in the past with good results. When I went back the lady told me they were getting the stuff off of it but I told her no thanks and just would like my $2.95 and sweater. She came back with this girl wearing (I kid you not) a hot pink sports bra and a fishnet see through top who was getting such an attitude because I wanted my money back. Why? The services weren't done correctly- there's no 'no money back' policy? I decided to let them keep the $2.95 and take my sweater to avoid losing an obvious scrap with fishnets. Rather just drive a little further to a trusted cleaner. Go to 24 hr cleaners on Jones and Robindale, great service, great price and no feisty cholas in fishnets.
1	I didn't have a problem until I told him I needed my dress done on a specific time. Then yelled at ME first because he was behind on his service? That's not my fault. Could have handled it more maturely.
2	I've been using them for 4 years because of their close proximity to my house but I've stopped.  Too many issues the last 6 months with clothes 2-3 days late, items missing, and very inconsistent customer service.  The staff turnover is very, very high.
