4	I am quite surprised nobody has ever gone here and reviewed this on Yelp. It's been open to the public for as long as I can remember. My mom has volunteered here for about that long as well.If you're a fan of Victorian homes, local history, or even just history in general then you should definitely check out the Petersen House. It's just as beautiful on the inside as it is on the outside.Unfortunately, it's closing to the public VERY soon because the city just can't afford to keep it running... but they should re-open it around Christmas time for Danish Christmas. So if you aren't lucky enough to swing by in the next week or so... come back around Christmas!
5	This place deserves more reviews. I went here several times. The most recent trip was a little date with my husband. Just to get out, you know? It's free. I only went about six months ago and they were still operating with volunteers. A docent is there to tour you. They are always informative. This is an authentic Victorian style house and I would recommend it to anyone that is an interior design student, if you're homeschooling your children, if you're trying to beat the heat of summer, if you want to go on a picnic (there is a grassy, shady area) and if you're new to Tempe. I know they used to do weddings there. They might still do weddings there and it would be very picturesque. Many years ago, I took my tabby there and snuck to the front porch to do some portraits on the rocking chair with the lacy curtains in the background. As I was taking pictures, one of the docents came out to see what was up and she were very cool with what I was doing and let me finish. The cat is dead now but I still have those nice pictures.
5	For years I have passed by the Petersen House always curious about it but never stopping to take a look. It used to be open year-round for tours but now due to budget cuts it's only open at Christmas. (and occasional school groups I believe) So I decided this year I would finally get over there and check this place out. What a gem! And it was free!The house looks pretty big from the outside but inside it's actually fairly small. You could say it's charming and quaint. The house was decorated for a Danish Christmas - the Petersen's were Danish - complete with two Christmas trees and many Nissa hidden around the house. There was a wonderful volunteer there who told us the story of the Nisse - a little elf-like character who would protect the house and farm. This women was a gifted storyteller. I swear I hung on every word of her story about the Nisse as if I was 5-years old. It was so enjoyable. On the main floor is the living room, dining room and kitchen. Upstairs are a few bedrooms and a bathroom. The bathroom was closed to the public because it had been renovated by the last owners and did not fit the look of the rest of the house.It was so fun to get a glimpse into what life was life for someone here in the early 1900s. Very different than today I'd say. I hope the city can continue to find enough funding and volunteers to keep the house open, even if its just at the holidays because it would be such a shame to lose this piece of Tempe's past.
