5	So far I've ordered 4 cakes within this year...what can I say...I love cake and beautiful, great tasting, cakes at that.  The owners, Yamilet and Mark, are a delight which is also another reason I like to order here.  They will work with your budget so their prices are not over the top like so many cake vendors in town.I ordered a cake for a baby shower the day before the event and I was impressed!  To top it off, I ordered it by phone.  She did half chocolate and half vanilla with a baby Minnie Mouse design.  It was so adorable and enticing!  We ordered our wedding cake here as well and it exceeded our expectations.  Our theme was Disney and the cake turned out to be Fantasmic!  It was lit up which made it different from a lot of other wedding cakes.  The flavors we chose were red velvet, blood orange, and pina colada which all were mouthwatering.  The cake was moist and just right...not too sweet.  Our guests and ourselves loved it!  I recently ordered a Chanel and Classic Minnie Mouse cake which were both astonishing.  Once again, the guests were amazed with the design and of course, the taste!  I definitely won't be ordering my cakes anywhere else but here!
5	Celebrated my gf's 25th Bday in Vegas. Needed a cake to go along with all my other surprises. Came up on LAS VEGAS CUSTOM CAKES and was amazed with the cakes on their website. Great price with great work and not crazy expensive price with great work. I ordered a Coach purse cake with custom receipt of all the things we did on top of a Coach gift box and (8) Hello Kitty Cheesecake cupcakes. The true test would be how this cake/cucakes tested ( have had dry Red Velvet and really sweet Red Velvet - couldn't do a taste test since I am from out of town). The design of the cake/cupcakes were amazing and the cake/cupcakes  tasted great as well! Hands down best Red Velvet cake I have ever tasted.  Did not disappoint!! My GF and I did not want to eat it but rather take it home and put it on a mantel since these are masterpieces! If you are ever in Vegas, check them out. You won't be disappointed.
4	We were so happy to work with Yamilet and her team. She was very easy to talk to and listened to what we wanted for our wedding cake. We just told her about what our wedding was like and what colors and flowers we wanted to use and they made such a great cake! I didn't even expect to have all the detail work on it since we were just going to the base cake they offered through our venue. She added scroll work on the cake that matched my dress... too cool!  They made it look like we had an upgraded cake even though is was just a basic one.  Beautiful!The taste was great too! Normally wedding cake is sort of bleh, but this was amazingly moist and very unique with the flavor combos we were able to do!  We got a cookies and cream cake with white and chocolate cake with cookies and cream filling and a cake with that had pear flavor in the filling.  Delicious!The location is in China town in back of the strip where Pho Kim Long is (I don't know how else to describe it!)  You might be a little bite confused if you have to go there.  Their store front is kind of hard to find, you just have to look carefully.
5	my husband and i live out of town, so a lot of business was done over the phone and through email, we always got a quick response that answered our questions and concerns. We made a trip to Vegas to test 3 different places and after meeting with Yamilet and trying Las Vegas Customs cakes we decided to entrust them with our cake for our wedding at Treasure Island. I brought in some pictures of what I liked and Yamilet was able to pull my favorite things together into one amazing cake. The sketch was great but the real cake was beyond my best dreams! it turned out AMAZING!!! every little detail was perfect, and it was more than i could have imagined (especially for the price) everyone at my wedding was WOWED by how great it was (we had a pirate theme wedding and the treasure chest on top of our cake was PERFECT) not only did it look great it tasted FANTASTIC!!! i would highly recommend them to anyone for any occasion, and if i lived in vegas, i would use them EVERY cake/cupcake/chocolate covered strawberry i ever needed.
5	Absolutely wonderful!!! I planned my boyfriend's surprise 30th in Vegas with about 10 of our closest friends! The staff at Las vegas Custom Cakes were incredible. They talked me through all of the steps and completely eased the anxiety of ordering/booking a trip from Boston to Vegas. The cake was a huge hit and exactly how I pictured! And it wasn't just beautiful to look at, the taste was delicious. I'd recommend Las Vegas Custom Cakes to anyone!
5	A+++ for my wedding cake! Ordered off the internet for our desintation Vegas wedding...delivered on time, great service, DELICIOUS and gorgeous! And an awesome price too. Can't recommended them enough.
3	Looking for a fun, whimsical cake to honor our Elvis-themed wedding, high Yelp reviews led us to contact Las Vegas Custom CakesIt took them almost a week to initially respond & they did not provide their proposal on the day they promised - but we had enough leadtime not to get too stressed about itAdvising them we only had 8 in our party, their smallest proposed cake design was for 17 people...but hey!  We like cake & who wouldn't want leftovers or better yet, seconds?!As we were deciding on the flavors for each tier, there was somewhat of a debate over the top tier as we wanted a chocolate fudge cake w/ ganache but they felt the cake would be too rich & the tier would be too short & they wanted to either have another filled cake (the bottom tier was Bananas Foster) or to swap out the ganache for icing but after a few back & forths, we finally got our way.....kind ofTurns out both cakes were covered in a thick layer of Italian Buttercream, which we felt was too sweet - especially after it was also combined w/ fondant.  The cake & filling parts however were absolutely fantastic & stayed moist for a few days afterwards.....we just peeled off the fondant & icingSo with a $335+ cake for 17 people & an extra $50 for delivery, we had expectations of being well looked after & here is unfortunately where our experience fell a bit shortKnowing we'd have lots of cake leftover, we asked about storage possibilities & were advised they would provide a small box for the top tier.  Guess they felt the bottom tier should just fend for itself....However, whether they forgot to include it or the hotel misplaced it, there was no box & our leftover cake was brought out to us the following day, only covered in cellophaneAlso, at no time did anyone follow up to see if we received the cake, how we liked it, or anything - they delivered the cake to the Pastry Dept at the hotel.  We never saw them & I really felt for the kind of money we paid for the cake & for delivery, there should have been some follow through & follow up to make sure the customer was happy & at the very least, we should have been provided boxes for what was leftoverSo while we were pleased overall w/ the presentation of the cake itself, our experience is one that we're not too sure we'll be repeating w/ this company
5	Six weeks before our wedding, I rounded up my friends and family for a cake-tasting expedition.  I had tried cakes from 6 bakeries before our get together and narrowed it down to 2 bakeries.  Las Vegas Custom Cakes trumped the competition hands down!  The flavor and texture of their cakes is nothing short of exquisite. Cristina is a professional - she knows how to custom design a wedding cake that more than met our expectations.  I had a picture of a topper that Yamilet re-created in our wedding colors - it was so adorable that I still have it on my kitchen counter weeks after the wedding.I've heard nothing but raves from all of our guests about the 2 different flavors - we chose a chocolate cake with cappuccino filling for the top and bottom layer; and a white cake with their house special fruit for the middle layer.  Two of our friends immediately asked for Las Vegas Custom Cakes contact info for their upcoming special occasions.
5	I decided on LVCC due to their prompt courteous response to my emails when we began looking for a cake for our destination wedding.  I sent a picture and required of a cake to feed 75 people.  I was satisfied with the price and decided to make a deposit.  I wanted the cake to set the theme for our black and white wedding.  So the design was important to me.  We decided on canolli filling and chocolate mousse baileys infused filling.  I loved how LVCC allows for each layer to be a different flavor. The cake was beautiful!  It tasted great.  They truly delivered.  Cristina was awesome through the entire process.
5	I can't rave about this place enough. Service was prompt & friendly and our wedding cake not only looked amazing but tasted out of this world. We look forward to have red velvet & chocolate with raspberries cupcakes on our first anniversary. Highly recommend this bakery to all.
2	I used LVCC for my wedding cake at the Bellagio Hotel in February 2013. We had a small wedding of 20, I ordered 15 Dice decorated cakes for $305. They were supposed to be in individual boxes with the flavors (I ordered 3 different kinds) marked on each one. They also were supposed to have the Married in Las Vegas signs on each one. Neither of these things happened. Too late to correct day of the wedding. I contacted the Yamilet email after the wedding. I got a reply from Mark Hillers the owner, apologizing and offering to refund me for the items I didn't receive and the delivery fee. Which he did do. I asked if they could at lease please send me a sign for a wedding momento. It's now almost May and I've not received it. I've emailed again last week with no reply. It's very poor business to be in the business of making someone's Wedding Day perfect if you can't come through.
4	We had a choice between two wedding cake vendors since our venue included the cake. LV Custom Cakes is obviously the better cake baker. The cakes tasted amazing. LV Custom Cakes charged more for non-basic cakes while the other baker did not. But after tasting both cakes, LVCC was the clear winner. A yummy cake was very important to us. As for design, I think I should have selected a design similar to the one on their website or pictured in their portfolio. I selected a design that was done by another bakery that used the Cricut Cake machine to cut their fondant designs. When LVCC said that they used a different machine, I should have changed my design. The cake was delicious but was very different from my inspiration. They also just recently moved to their new location in February so when I showed up for my tasting, they were a little frazzled and they couldn't pull up the inspiration photo that I sent. Yamilet is extremely nice. She is the artist. Her sister Cristina took care of the business side and did the consultation. It was slightly difficult to work through both because Cristina would not remember what I discussed with Yamilet. Looking back, perhaps I should have spent some time and made the cake decorations myself. I am not a pro but I do know how to work with fondant and gumpaste. I think overall, we had a cake that tasted amazing and everyone raved about it.
5	Las Vegas Custom Cakes was the preferred vendor for the venue we had our reception at. When I called to make an appt for the tasting the staff was very helpful and very accomodating with our schedule conflicts. When we met with them they let us sample 3 different kinds of cakes and as I was showing them the pictures I had brought she started sketching a rough draft. I told them what I liked and didnt and they really made it happen. Not only was the cake beautiful it was so delicious too!
5	If i could give 10 stars i would! Last minute i called custom cakes for a birthday cake i needed in two days. I asked if they could make a LA Fitted Hat. The cake turned out absolutely amazing!! It looked identical to the hat. They put so much detail into in including the stitching and the logo. Not only did the cake look incredible the taste was fantastic!! White cake with oreo filling. It could not have been better!!!  Thank you so much!!!
4	Amazing. My wedding cake was not only absolutely beautiful it was also delicious! So unique with the mango filling. My guests couldnt get enough. Then we had the yummy cupcakes in assorted flavors with the las vegas decor as well as the mini dice cakes. It was an excessive amount of desserts but well worth it. The only reason im not giving 5 stars is because i asked that the cupcakes be individually packaged in clear boxes to be taken as favors. Im not sure if the error occurred with the cake shop or the hotel but the cupcakes were not packaged and so most were left behind.
5	I cannot recommend Las Vegas Custom Cakes enough!
4	This was the bakery included for my wedding reception and so I contacted them to set up a tasting. On the day of, there was some tragic event that happened minutes before my tasting to someone who worked there. They still continued on with my tasting and gave me all the attention I needed. I thought this was really good customer service considering they could have cancelled my appointment, but they made me,  the customer first. I wanted a fancy bling bling cake and although that is not what I got in the end, I was still happy with the taste of the cake. I believe it was Yamilet who helped me. I told her how I wanted diamond bling and lace and she drew up some ideas for me and even said if there were specific colors of ribbon/lace I wanted I could buy it and bring it by and she would just place it on, which is what I did. I thought that was really nice instead of just making me choose what they had there. I guess they have experienced enough bridezillas to know I was a perfectionist. She did give me pricing on the specialized bling cake stand and sugar flowers I initially wanted, but when I found out the cost I ultimately felt it was not worth the money. It was very expensive but giving them the benefit of the doubt, I do believe other cake companies would have been expensive too for the items I requested. I have seen pictures of their work and I am sure it would have been beautiful if I spent more money. I did express that I wanted real flowers instead to be placed all along the cake and I showed a picture of the draping flower look I wanted. The top of the cake was filled with real flowers. The rest of the cake had 1 rose on the bottom layer and 0 roses on the middle layer. It's been so long I can't remember if this was their responsibility to add the flowers or the florist's responsibility, but whoever it was did not give me the amount of flowers they had made it seem I would get. The taste of the cake was 5 stars. I usually am not a fan of wedding cakes but this was moist and delicious. After the wedding we ate the top layer with our family the next day and we really enjoyed it.
4	LV Custom Cakes was the preferred vendor from our venue at Silverstone Golf Club so my husband and I decided to give them a chance. The cake tasting was very delicious and the service was very friendly. Their prices very very reasonable and we got exactly what we wanted. I got to the venue at 2:00pm and the wedding didn't start till 6pm and the cake was already delivered and ready to go. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because every time I emailed them I never got a response back, but still everything turned out great.
5	This review is super late but I loved this place!! We were celebrating my fiance's dirty 30 and I wanted to have a really cool, fun cake. He is a wrestling fan so I wanted to do a Bret Hart themed cake.I emailed LV Custom Cakes what my idea was and they gave me different ideas on how it could look and I was nervous but I was like eff it!The day we went to pick up the owner was toying around with the idea of a cake in a push pop. He let us take two home with us, it was delish. He was so nice, friendly, awesome and the CAKE WAS PERFECTO.I will have to upload a photo of it as soon as I can find it. THANK YOU LV CUSTOM CAKES!
5	One of the best cakes ever.. glow in the dark themed. Made the evening extra special and very helpful.
5	My work started a cake design contest and when it was my turn i started looking for a bakery. I've used a couple in Henderson before but wanted one near my work or house and glad I found this place because it's topped all the others I've had done here. Found this one on yelp and went in for consultation. It was the first bakery I visited and planned to go to others, but Denise was great and got the feeling she cared and was into doing the cake so I went with her. The cake was done amazing and was able to stay within the company budget and it tasted really good. There's been cakes in the contest that looked good, but didn't taste as good. Everyone enjoyed the cake and loved the detail in the design. The cake was moist and had a good ratio/consistent layer of filling and buttercream under the fondant.For the cake flavors I asked them to give me their best. They recommended a chocolate cake which was perfect and I'm not much of a chocolate cake person, but would order this one any day. The other flavor was a white cake with a filling that had chocolate shavings in it. Again, it was amazing and I can't decide which one was better. The third flavor was red velvet cup cakes and those flavors were on point and just as good as the others. If you need a cake that's custom or not and want great taste then this is the place for you!! It will be the go to place for me now when ever I need a cake for any event.
5	I got the wrong store. Sprry to the owner i hit the wrong button.  Wanted to do a bad review on lelysee i apologize fully.
