5	We came upon this place while exploring Old Montreal. It was full but the host offered to seat us at bar stools next to the kitchen. After taking one look at the joyous atmosphere inside, we accepted. Food: The tapas offered include a wide selection of cold, hot, traditional, large, and small choices. All dishes were cooked perfectly with attention to combining complex flavours and textures. We order the veal meatballs, lamb stew, shrimp canapes and more. The cheese plate was an excellent board of local cheeses and Spanish condiments. The portions are generous and the price is very reasonable.Drink: There are interesting Spanish and Mediterranean inspired cocktails and wines which flow freely. The bartenders are quick and ready to concoct your suggested recipe. Service: Although they were busy, they made a point of checking with our table on a regular basis, accommodated requests and dietary concerns (dairy, wheat) without complaint and knew the ingredients like the back of their hands. Ambiance: The food is spectacular but the great thing about this place is the sense of family, community, and friendship it imparts. I loved the impromptu Spanish folk  dancing that erupted when a beloved song was played. It feels inclusive and warm. With such great food, it was well worth stumbling upon!
4	What a find! Stumbled on to this place and knew we were on to something the minute we opened the door because the smells were just delicious. While everything we had was good, special call outs to the rabbit with escargot, the albondigas (meatballs) and to the organic champagne from Spain reasonably priced at $55 for the bottle given the quality. The only negative, if you could call it that, is don't expect this to be a fast meal. When we were there everything was made to order and it took some time -- more time than your average restaurant.But friendly staff and quality eats made the an easy 4 stars.
5	Try the dates with bacon and peanut and the shrimps! The cheese plate is also great with real local Spanish cheeses. Fast service. Take a seat upstairs if you want more privacy. Little gem in the Heart of old Montreal
5	Excellent all around.  Had the sausage and pepper charcuterie, prawns and meatballs.  I can see hitting Toro up a couple more times before my work in Old Montreal is through.
4	Snowy day in Montreal walked in with a friend to get out of the cold and ended up staying over 4 hours.It was in between lunch and dinner and we never knew they were actually closed in prep for the dinner crowd.The wine kept coming and the cheese plates and smoked meats kept showing up at the table along with items the chef in the open kitchen was preparing.The staff was very friendly and we felt at home. The Blues music was the right touch to fill the space with energy.We canceled our dinner reservation at another location and never regretted it. Spending the afternoon and evening with a staff and hostess that felt like old friends.It was a find and a great was to watch the city unfold out the over sized windows.
2	I went here based on the reviews I read everywhere and was very unimpressed. I'm not sure if the ownership has changed or if they just had an off night but I was very marginal. We started with the pan tomate con manchego the manchego was tasty but the whole thing was just tomato sauce from a jar on bread with the cheese on top. The patatas bravas weren't quite right either the aioli was good but the potatoes needed more spice. That said overall they were tasty. I do recommend the mussels with bacon. The mussels were a little overdone but the bacon and slaw were delicious. The biggest disappointment of the night was the paella. It tasted exactly like the 15 minute risotto from the grocery store. They used the wrong type of rice and added peas and carrots (not typically ingredients in a paella). http://uk.answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20081017145924AAaVABY The last thing we had was the braised octopus which tasted like it was boiled. Octopus has great texture but it needs some flavor to go with it. There was no sauce and it was served with cold potatoes. We couldn't even finish it. I was having a craving for Spanish food and was incredibly disappointed to find a sad imitation of it. There were multiple dishes that tasted like the main ingredient came from a package or a jar. It's very clear that whoever is running this restaurant has never eaten in a Spanish bar. The service was only okay but it was relatively crowded so that's in some sense to be expected. The slow service was probably the most authentic Spanish touch at the bar. On a side note I highly recommend pintxo if you're looking for Spanish food. They're more creative over there so it won't be the Spanish bar food I was craving.  However their tapas are outstanding and have Spanish flavors at the core.
4	Good spot for a couple of drinks and tapas plates before going to the Centaur.  Website needs work. Bilingual would help for tourists. Intend to return for dinner some night.  How about a happy hour? lots of other Old Montreal restaurants offer this option fir the end of work day and pre theatre crowd? Staff were friendly and helpful. Owner needs to smile and engage with customers.
3	This place gets the tapas sizing right, with the plates generally being quite small, making it very easy to order a lot of them.  It's as easy to eat here with a small party of 2, as it is with a larger party (though for a big group, I'd recommend ordering multiple of each dish).  Unfortunately, they were not quite priced for the size ($10-15/plate, should have been closer to $5-7).  The dishes were mostly flavourful, though some had too little of the main meat attraction and were mostly comprised of filler side.  The main detraction from this place is on the paella though.  At any restaurant, the paella is not considered a tapas dish and should be full-sized and very easily sharable.  Here, the "seafood" paella was very small, used a weird seasoned rice, and the seafood comprised of 2 shrimp and 6 mussels.
3	I've spent a lot of time in Spain, so I was looking forward to trying Toro Toro.  Being a tapas restaurant  I had an opportunity to try many different dishes.  I felt that overall they all fell somewhat short in taste, bland and oily (and yes Spanish food is usually oily) it seemed too much in this case.The food wash,t bad, but nothing stood out.  I would recommend many more tapas restaurants before doing so for this place
4	Really like and appreciate Toro Toro, very authentic tapas (I've spent a lot of time in Madrid previously). Also staff very friendly and having to travel to Montreal frequently for business it's an added bonus.
4	Came here on a whim. Staff was friendly. Chorizo was delicious if you don't mind the large dollop of mayo. The paella was simply amazingOnly bad thing was that a third of the menu was not yet prepared when we arrived at 6:30pm on a Tuesday night. Would recommend
4	We were walking around Old Montreal and wanted a quick glass of wine to fortify our tour. None of the recommended places grabbed us but we noticed this tapas bar that looked inviting. We ended up spending an entire evening there!We sat at the bar and were waited on by a friendly, knowledgeable and memorably mustachioed bar tender. He was a Quebecois who had spent time in Uruguay. We had a fun chat and took his recommendations for both wine and food. We started with a small plate of "bites." The chef had added some off menu items which were delicious. We followed it with a classic comfort food - toast with manchego and tomato. Then we had two warm tapas - mushrooms and then a ham and pork dish braised in beer. The sauces were so exquisite we ordered extra bread to sop everything up. Definitely recommended!
5	Read a review on Yelp and I knew what I was in for. Prices are fair. Locale is intimate and elegant. Music is a bit too loud (although we knew -thanks to Yelp-), but after some drinks we got used to it. Service was outstanding.Mushrooms - one of the most delicious tapas I've ever had.Patatas Bravas - excellentPaella - very tastyClams with pulled pork - surprisingly a good combo
1	What an absolute joke this restaurant was. I understand that tapas are supposed to be the equivalent of a small appetizer, but to get literally 2 or 3 bites of food in each plate made the group feel awkward as we're not used to seeing food delivered with such a feel of poverty. I would imagine that if Canada was ever stricken with war or famine or some sort of severe economic inflation, we would have to pay $15-30 for each 3 bites of food like we did at Toro Toro. Now on to the food itself: they take pieces of McCain potatoes, broil in the oven, cover them with a creamy garlic sauce, and give it a fancy Spanish name - if that impresses you, great...I wasn't so impressed. The octopus plate was ok, but there was barely enough in the plate to actually enjoy it - more of a teaser. By far, the biggest disappointment was the paella. The rice was doughy and clumpy, and each plate of "seafood paella" comes with 2 small pieces of shrimp. Again, it had the feel of cheapness and poverty. 3 of the tapas in their menu were not even available - but in retrospect, that was probably a good thing as it avoided what I'm sure would have been 3 more disappointments. Even their bread is served in tiny, heartbreaking portions. They only had 2 choices of desert. Any place that doesn't several churros shouldn't be allowed to call itself a Spanish tapas restaurant!!We ended up tripling our original order of tapas and still all left hungry. Aside from that, the music was annoyingly loud and their table layout was unpleasant - they use picnic style tables meant for 8 or 10 people each, so you might get seated elbow-to-elbow with strangers. Needless to say, our whole group unanimously agreed that this was a terrible experience, and we won't be going back.
4	A bit pricey but fun ambiance overall! Excellent service!
