5	Chipotle should be my first name, not my nickname or middle name, but my first name. Maybe one day I'll change it to Chip. /end randomnessI was overjoyed when I heard there was a Chipotle closer to me. Driving to Robinson was fine, but it got old after a while.I thought it was odd that right next to Chipotle was a Moe's Southwest Grill. (I always thought that if Chipotle served cheese sauce similar to Moe's, it'd be absolute perfection.) I'm not too sure how that will impact each eatery but hey, best of luck to Moe's.Anyway, the staff was super friendly. I'm not too sure if they were genuinely happy or were forced to be because of the new location. Still, I was a fan of their kindness and prompt service. Also, I actually had someone come by my table and ask if everything was ok - twice. My steak burrito bowl with a tortilla on the side and bag of chips couldn't have been better. I made sure to let the guy know - twice.
4	This Chipotle was there right when we needed it - around 9 pm on a Wednesday when we were stumbling to the bus stop after the Yelp Elite Event at Olive or Twist.  We needed food to help soak up our free cocktails, and we needed it now!  What better way then with a yummy burrito?  Service was fast and friendly, and we got our burritos to go so that we could sit in Market Square and people-watch.  We listened to the music coming out of NOLA, and nommed our burrito snacks.  I always enjoy Chipotle, sometimes even craving it, and I like how they aim to serve sustainably raised ingredients.  It's always super satisfying and tasty, and you get exactly what you are hoping for.  And this one is in a great location, perfect for sitting outside and relaxing.
3	It pains me to give Chipotle 3 stars, b/c I really love Chipotle - just not in downtown Pittsburgh. Have you read the disclaimer that due to how they source their food (local, fresh, natural, etc.) tastes can differ from geographic region?! Well let me tell you - this is true! A Chipotle in NYC is what got me initially hooked to this chain and then living in Chicago with a Chipotle around the block from where I worked solidified its status as a top 5 eating place preference for me. So you can imagine my enthusiasm when I had heard Chipotle was coming downtown (I work downtown). My coworkers didn't have to imagine my enthusiasm they heard about it until I finally got myself down to Chips and had a go. I came back sorta like Charlie Brown on a rainy day - head hung low, sad music in the background. I struggled to tell my coworkers that something was just off and the Chips in downtown wasn't all I had hoped. I still encouraged them to go, but with a caveat that there are better Chipotles out there and if they go to another city to check them out. While I've gone to this Chipotle a handful of times, I can't help but feel nostalgic about the memories of a 5 star Chipotle.
4	I walked down to this new Chipotle in market square for lunch today. The place was pretty empty in comparison to most Chipotle restuarants I have been to. My chicken burrito with black beans, mild salsa, lettuce, cheese,  and sour cream was better than the burritos I usually get at the Oakland location. I'm not sure why but I could tell a difference. This location, like every PA Chipotle i have been to does not serve beer. The ones in Ohio usually do and that is always a plus.The seating area is small but there are long tables with bar stools along all the windows offering a relaxing spot to watch the action on the square while eating. There is also outdoor seating.
4	Typical Chipotle, which I love.  However, I noticed a few quirks of this place.  First of all, they were super fast here.  Maybe even a little too fast since there were two people in line, but then within 15 minutes, I found out why.The line for lunch here is extreme!  So it pays to get here early.  Nonetheless, from what I observed it does move relatively fast, so don't be deterred.
4	A coworker once told me that Chipotle will not build a new franchise unless there is already a competitor in close proximity. If true, it certainly speaks to Chipotle's confidence that it can beat out any other fast food mexican joint. The loooong lines snaking through the the Market Square Chipotle testify that they're winning the battle. Still they move pretty quickly so don't be discouraged. I definitely prefer Chipotle to its neighbor across the street. The ingredients seem fresher and the taste is good. I like the burritos myself.
3	Standard chipolte. Not cheap on the meat like some stores. Long line during lunch but it moves fast.
4	I'll sum it up very briefly. Delicious. I am happy to have a Chipotle Downtown!
5	Dude, Chipotle is the booombbbb. Started eating this stuff in LA when I'd spot Ozzy Osbourne eating there, so I thought it must be pretty good if he'll eat this kind of fast food. Plus, I used to eat this all the time on my "student budget" when I lived at UCLA, so I'm really, really happy that they have one in downtown Pittsburgh...feels like home. Also, I love that you can order online and just pick it up in 10 minutes to skip those long lines. Secret revealed!!!! Okay, not a secret, just a tip. But, even if you're in those long lines, it moves pretty fast.
5	I love chipotle. Always fresh and healthy! Moreover, I think the downtown location is pretty consistent in the quality of the food and service.
5	One of my favorite places to grab a burrito.  I like that they also have the "fajita burrito" option as well if you don't like beans...instead you get fired peppers and onions.A lot of Chipotle's have limes by their drinks, but this one only had lemons.The people that worked there were very friendly.
3	my boyfriend and I eat lunch here when it's coming down to the end of the week, and end of the bank account. a $6 burrito feeds 2 people, no problem. & it's soooo tasty!!
5	I'm a big fan of Chipotle in general, but this location was extra amazing. Aside from it's awesome location in downtown Pitt (what I've decided to call the fabulous outdoor food court), the staff was super friendly and the ingredients in my burrito bowl tasted even more fresh than usual. Highly recommend!
4	One of the most popular Chipotle's that I have ever seen. It is always packed!  I have seen 100 person lines.  It is located in market square.  Fresh ingredients are used in the burritos.  Has outdoor seating.
4	Uh oh. I've stumbled upon what will now be one of my favorite spots for lunch in downtown Pittsburgh....I just recently started working in downtown and have been trying out a lot of new lunch places. A lot of my friends are Chipotle fans, but I had only been several times throughout the country and never quite understood their love for it.Except that changed yesterday. I'm not sure what lured me into Chipotle, but something did. The environment is very attractive and trendy with lots of seats lining the windows overlooking Forbes and Market Square. It makes for a great zone-out, people-watching lunch that is often needed mid-day when you work in an office with no windows.The prices are inexpensive, and the quality of food is exceptional. Why have I been going to Qdoba and Moe's all these years? I just wanted to kick myself for somehow overlooking how great Chipotle is all this time.I highly recommend the Burrito Bowl, the featured item when I went yesterday. Very tasty and filled with fresh ingredients. Plus, I didn't feel like it was very bad for me with its mix of chicken, rice, and toppings. OK, now I might just be deceiving myself, but just go with it for me!!If you didn't guess already based on my review... I'll be back!
5	Excellent fast food that's not terrible
5	on sunday Aug 25  have   a  beautiful  lunch  from chipotle downtown  i was on  my way  home from a friends Home and Stop in for lunch  Steak burrito bowl wonderful thank you  to  the  staff and manger welcoming very friendly  busy but still smiling  enjoy the customer  i  like   that in  resturants
5	Today while I waited in line there was a little tiff between a couple of employees behind the line.  It was kind of awkward but it reminded me that I've been meaning to write a review about this Chipotle location.  Chipotle employees are always pretty cheerful but these guys are commendable.  They're dealing with out-the-door lines every day at this location and are always smiling when I finally get to the front.  Even today with what could have become an "incident", the manager handled the situation immediately and the cashier gracefully stepped in to finish my order.  I love Chipotle in general but enjoy this location particularly.  Nice job, all around!
3	As far as Chipotles go, the Market Square location is probably one of my least favorites, but if I'm in a hurry, it'll suffice. The staff always seems like they have something better to do and we are interrupting their fun. I've been there a few times now, and it's been the same every time.The store itself is pretty nice and reasonably clean for the amount of traffic that it gets. It's nearly always busy, but the lines move quickly. The food is on-par with any other Chipotle that you'll go to, but just know that you may encounter long lines, sometimes limited seating, and a little attitude from the staff.
3	It's a Chipotle! Nothing too spectacular. Service could be a little better but what do you expect from fast food. Don't be surprised if they run out of something and you have to wait either. It's the Market Square location they cater to A LOT of people meaning it's always busy and there is usually a line.
2	When I was halfway through the long line at Chipotle, they made an announcement that there was no more brown rice.  When I finally got to the front of the line, they made an announcement that they had no more rice at all.  Five minutes later, when they brought out more (white) rice and the line started moving again, they realized they were out of steak.  I love Chipotle, but this was ridiculous!
5	The freshest food you'll ever find at a chipotle period. Make sure you say hello to the location manager, he's one of the nicest and genuine business managers I've come across, chipotle is very lucky to have him on board their franchise!
2	I'm appalled at the manager's attitude. They have a rat problem yet they're still open and serving food. It's disgusting. One ran across my friend's foot last week while she was waiting to pay for a burrito. After she ran out and calmed herself down enough to process what happened, she called the manager. He basically said "...and? We know we have a problem."Before this fiasco, I had been going to this location for about half a year now and I've seen that the level of service has gone down significantly in the last two months. I don't know what happened to the previous team but the servers at the front don't seem to know what they're doing. Lots of standing around and not offering an explanation for the delay. No "sorry, we're waiting on veggies/brown rice/chicken/etc." This causes aggravating and excessively long lines during lunch hour (even for chipotle).The two stars are really just for the nice cashier and the taste of the food. I don't plan on going back to this location unless there's an obvious change in management and cleanliness.
4	Their food is great and everything but it's Chipotle and it's in market square so once lunch time rolls around be prepared to wait for awhile. Lines get out of control but if you go at off hours you can avoid it.
2	I've been to many Chipotle locations, and this one isn't very good. Cramped layout, inefficient staff and no parking. Portion size is below average (I do realize that this has a lot to do with the person serving you). The restaurant is not sparkling clean and the soda/utensils area needs to be tidied up. The food tasted okay, but the salsa was not as fresh as many other locations.
1	The inefficiency of the staff in this place is appalling! Slow moving, no sense of urgency, etc. THAT is why the lines are so long.
