5	I'll start this review off from a little quote from my friend."Romero's and Filiberto's are for drunk-white people. That isn't real Mexican food."Well... he wasn't joking! We started off just heading out for some lunch, and he decided that he wanted to take the whitest girl he knew for some real Mexican food... where only real Mexican food can be found, apparently... In Maryvale.We got there, and I was blown away by how delicious everything looked. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to order my own food because I am hardly fluent in Spanish. Regardless, we both enjoyed the Mexicana, which consists of lettuce, tomato, jalapenos, avocado, onions, mushrooms, beans, cheese, and steak, all in between two delicious pieces freshly baked fbread. We finished our meal with the Strawberries and Cream which was also unbelievable. This sounds like it would be just-another-thing, but the cream is flavored with something and its amazing.Also, the Horchata is incredible! This isn't your watered-down Filiberto's crap. TL;DR: Try everything, you will NOT be disappointed. This place will kick any other so-called Mexican restaurant's ass.It's worth the drive.
4	I never find myself dinning in this neck of the woods but I wanted to meet a girlfriend for lunch and she works at the juvenile court nearby.  Our options looked bleak until I hopped onto my Yelp app and found this gem.  I was taken back by how clean and shiny everything was.  The display of pan dulce, agua frescas and ice creams made my mouth water when I walked inside.  Tortas Paquime is great for a quick bite.  I had the paquitostitos and my friend had taquitos - yummy snacks on the menu.  Service was fast and friendly.
5	Great food and drinks will return, hope this chain takes off even more.
5	This place does not dissapoint. It's not your typical taco joint. A unique fusion of Mexican and American, I mean you can get a rib eye torta with a side of fries, it's brilliant. Throw in a salsa bar with HOT jalepinios and smoky salsa, an ice cream booth and a selection of mexican bread/pastries and you have a sold 5 stars in my book. Grab your coworkers and head over for an excellent meal.
4	This is a restaurant which offers a variety of Mexican  street foods and snacks. This is a really clean restaurant and the staff is very friendly. They sell sandwiches, flautas, tortas, salads, and even have ice cream. The food is tasty however if you get a Torta make sure to ask for it on fresh instead of it being fried(makes it soggy) check out this place
