2	Postnet has had a variety of stores popping up across the Vegas Valley lately. They offer a wide variety of postal shipping options, graphic design services, notary services, and many others as well. In many ways they truly have become a "one-stop" shop for this stuff.My experience with this company in general tends to be hit and miss. Coming in here is definitely preferable to standing in the long lines at the post office, though you generally will end up paying a little more. No big complaint there, really - I'd gladly pay a little extra to get done faster. However, this morning I had a horrible experience that will likely guarantee my never returning there. Upon arriving, I noticed a group in front of me in the middle of a large, lengthy transaction. Rather than greeting me in an appropriate manner, the old man behind the counter just said something rude like "it's too early, I'm the only one working, you're going to have to wait." And then he had the audacity to shove my package aside like yesterday's garbage. I waited for WELL OVER TEN MINUTES. Unacceptable, considering this is a place I come to, to ship packages IN A HURRY, so I can AVOID THE RUSH. Taking a short break from the other folks' transaction and sending me on my way would have taken no longer than two minutes. Even if you're the only person working, there are ways to be efficient and take care of customers. A lesson this jerk needs to learn. If anyone at the store is reading this, you have officially lost this customer. I'll drive the few extra miles to the UPS store at Boulder/Palo Verde the next time I need to send something.
3	I always buy my postage online and drop off my fed ex packages almost daily. I was a little disappointed when I showed up 10 minutes before closing to drop my package off and the doors were already locked. There was several people inside still. When the old man that was working came and unlocked the door I let him know I was dropping off and he yelled and said he was closed. I said well technically not for another 5 minutes and I'm just dropping it off. He stated that no he was closed and all these people in there showed up as he was closing. Crabby old man that just took a faithful customer away from this business. It's ok I'll drive all the way to Stephanie street to go toFed ex from now on
