5	I've done a review of this place 3 times and they never show up.. But I want it to stick around because the food is amazing the smoothies are great and the prices are better. My entire work has sort of flooded this place with business lately and I can't tell enough people how awesome it is. Keep your eyes peeled it's sort of tiny tucked between two other stores.
3	The smoothie I had was delicious.  The salad was terrible.  But who orders a salad at a smoothie place?!?  I should have just stuck with the smoothie only.
5	Great smoothie shop!! One size and good deals. It's a nice change from all the trendy smoothie/juice shops that charge an arm and a leg for a small drink....ugh I'm a sucker for those drinks! All their smoothies contain turbinado (sugar substitute) so I always request to leave it out. The fruit itself makes the drink sweet enough...Enjoy!!
1	What a horrible experience! Went to grab a peanut butter cup smoothie after a movie. The smoothie tasted like nothing but chocolate, banana and ice. There was no peanut butter flavor whatsoever! While scooping with a spoon, I discovered a large clump of peanut butter the size of a fist. I brought the smoothie back to the counter and asked them to re-blend it. The girl said that she would remake it for me. She still could not get the peanut butter to blend, then asked for assistance from the other employee, who decided that pouring tap water into my smoothie was a good idea to solve the problem. At that moment, I was done and asked for my money back.
4	Good sandwiches and smoothies however beware of the wait.  The workers are very friendly always a warm welcome.  The one thing about there sandwiches is that it can get salty because they use a lot of sauce, but just ask for the sauce on the side and problem solved! They have a lot of great deals with sandwiches and free smoothies
2	I have had their Veggie Hummus Wrap which is super fresh and super tasty one other time. Two days ago, I went for a return to visit to find several people waiting for their food and it wasn't until after I ordered, I noticed one worker doing ALL the work. Yes, flying solo, doing everything on her own. This girl was amazing, she did the register, the smoothies, and all the food on her own. By no fault of her own, it made wait times frustrating and long. I'm not sure why there would be one person working. Perhaps, a no show or sick call? Who knows. I do wonder how much one values his or her business when he or she doesn't provide adequate staff. I saw several people walk out and I'm not sure I want go for another return visit. Especially, if I'm in a time pinch. Two stars because their employees seem to work hard (when they're actually there) and the food was actually very good.
