1	Shocked to arrive at 4:02 pm on New Years's Eve with my sick wife to be informed by the INCREDIBLY rude woman at the front desk that they were closed. She not only refused care to us but would not direct us to a different branch that was open.  I have never been treated so poorly by any person in the medical profession.  Outrageous.  Do not use this office.
4	I love the fact that they are open from 8am to 9pm daily!  The staff was very friendly and I was able to have a conversation with them.  The rooms are nice but nothing fancy.  They do have an iPad in each room for you to rate your visit on the doctor and staff.  I came in at almost 8pm and could hear the nurse calling in prescriptions for other patients so that they did not have to wait when the arrived at the pharmacy, which I thought was a nice service.  It sounds like they need to come up with a list of pharmacy's in area that have later hours like the Urgent Care. So the patients don't have to figure it out!I did end up waiting a while after the doc left the room so the reason for taking off one star.  I'll go back!
1	very friendly, quick n efficient, clean n family friendlyI need to update my earlier review be very careful when going here as far as your insurance We now have over $1,000 in medical bills because the urgent cares contracts were not signed at the time of the service when calling their billing dept was advised that the receptionists don't have that information So Be Very Careful before going to these clinics still trying to see what can be done
5	Super clean and beautiful office.  Nurses and front office staff are very friendly. Doc was genuine and caring.  In and out in less than 45 minutes!!!
5	Showed up at this location Sunday night right before closing. So happy to have found a place open till 9pm or else I would've ended up at the ER. Very quick tool me in as soon as I finished my paperwork. Waited 15 min to see a dr but didn't mind as I could hear how caring she was towards other patients   She kept making sure everyone was ok. Took care of me and my infected toe and they even helped me help a pharmacy open near by. Will definitely come back here if I get sick!
1	The front office and nurse were very kind, and it was a clean facility.  However, being an uninsured patient, the doctor was trying to run a number of unnecessary tests that I could not afford.  She was extremely aggressive (poor "bedside" manner) and treated me poorly, insulting me.  It was a very uncomfortable experience.  As convenient as it is, I will not be returning for future medical help.
5	Went in for a hurt ankle. They were very fast and friendly. They x-rayed it and we were out in less than an hour.
5	I was treated with the utmost respect and kindness.  The entire staff is wonderful.  the entire place is so clean and quite beautiful.  I love the decor throughout.  The doctor was extremely helpful and went out of his way to explain what they did, why and treatment for my injury.  The front office nurse was so sweet and very helpful.  doctor's assistant was super.  I couldn't believe how quickly I got in to the doctor.  Other places I have been had waits of up to 4 hours.  Amazing place.  I highly recommend it.
5	Went in tonight after hubby smashed his finger.  37 mins later we were back home!  Doctor exam, xrays, confirm it was broken, splint, and hasta la bye bye.  Loved it!
5	I have nothing bad to say. The staff - Stephanie, Jeff, and Todd, the PA - were friendly, helpful, and professional. They listened to my issues, gave me some great advice for a new medication and filled the prescription on the spot. They also followed-up with a phone call a couple of days later to see how I was doing. Hope I don't have to go back, but if I do, it will be here.
5	friendly staff, fast service and welcoming office. the only positive thing about getting sick is knowing that i can go to such a great place for care.
4	Came here for my son's sports physical.  It was last minute.  I will tell you know why I liked this place and it is because of convenience and service.  Cannot best this.Convenience - Very easily located to where I leave on Eastern and Horizon Ridge.  Easy parking, well lit, well signed.  Just a great location and in the right area.Service - The staff here is absolutely amazing. I was paying for a sports physical, and this is a short one, however, this is a great example of service in the medical industry where most people are treated like second class citizens and with very long waits.Pricing - Very reasonable, they accept most insurance and they also charge you for certain things.  The sports physically was very reasonably priced and I paid this as I did not go through insurance.Wait Time - We were in and out in about 55 minutes total.  Now I must admit, I thought we would be in and out in 15 minutes as it was not busy.  However, the wait room went from two people to ten quickly and they do see people based on the issue.GK says, if you want some urgent convenience and service, check this place out!
1	Received an incorrect diagnosis which lead to extended grief for my 4 year old daughter. Then called back to get her weight from them as she went through much pain to get weighed and they said it was not on their record. Won't go here again.
4	The decor is nice and welcoming. They played some old school music videos that were mostly of country artist I never heard of. LoLThe staff is quick and pretty friendly. I waited a little over an hour but I think its only because there is only one doctor today and it was my first time here. The doctor who saw me is extremely kind! He showed passion and concern. He went into detail about what the problem may or may not be. Made recommendations as well as into making sure that I was feeling OK. And told me what to do and what to watch for as the day progressed.I definitely will be coming back for exams. And check ups.
5	I am so happy with my visit last night. Wait was a little long, but they seemed really busy and it was shorter than the hospital ER. The staff were really nice and helpful. I saw a P A, Todd Radivan. He was very nice and not rushed! Came in with a really bad sore throat which turned out to be strep. He gave me meds which only cost $15 each, cheaper than my insurance and I was on my way. They are my new emergency doctor!
4	Visited today and they were great. Decor and waiting room is comfortable and they are very attentive. Took my insurance and were very swift. I was intimidated walking in when I saw 10+ people waiting but only took them 25 mins to see me. I hope I don't need to go back for obvious reasons but will if I am in a pinch.
1	Before coming here we called and were told 20 to 30 min wait however we are being seen 90 min from the time we got here
5	Found this facility on Yelp. Really glad we came in. Service was super fast, really friendly staff, they accepted and verified our insurance and the clinic is beautifully decorated. I will definitely come back and would highly recommend.
5	Very nice staff, clean and inviting!! They are so friendly, quick, and helpful. I will definitely come here when I need to, and I appreciate the care and attitude of the entire staff.
1	Disappointed!!!! My daughter and I went today for the weight loss program. You can only go certain days for this doc as he is the only one who can give the pills. Well after an hour and a half they came in her room and said well the doc left can you come back later or tomorrow, well she was already late for work so she has to go all the way back to their office. They didn't even offer any compensation what so ever for their POOR customer service!!!!You should be ashamed of yourself Urgent Care Extra!!!!!
4	I come here because I appreciate the fast friendly service when I just have a cold that tea and soup can't fix. The Dr's have great bedside manner and the center is always clean. It's a bright, friendly enviornment and they are open late so I don't have to take off of work to see a Dr. The front desk will let U know if there is a long wait due to alot of people waiting or if there is someone in the back getting something serious like stitches done. The Dr's are thorough and they keep great records so they'll remember what you were in for the last visit. They have a pharmacy and all prescriptions are affordable at $15 each.
5	Even though it was a busy Saturday I was in and out in 55 minutes.   There were 4 patients before me.  The staff and Dr were friendly,  kind and genuinely showed concern.   They gave me a script which I could take to my pharmacy which was just across the parking lot.  All in all....convenient and efficient.   I would go back again.  And here in the desert I thought the last thing I get would be a sinus infection.   That's life. .....
5	They are very thorough , professional and caring here. I have visited several times with my son, and daughter . I recently had a sinus infection and seasonal asthma . They were wonderful . They do BSA and Sports physicals as well.
1	Came here yesterday 4/23 at about 1pm. Terrible experience. Second time here. Same doc. Same terrible experience. Waited a couple hours in the waiting room before being brought back to the patient room and waited another hour and 15 mins there!! I fell asleep and woke up when the doc came in they took so long. No apology for the wait- Nothing. I had been breaking out all over my body in red spots and the doc couldn't explain to me what was happening and didn't seem to care to figure it out. He couldn't wait to get out of the room. His hand was LITERALLY on the door knob almost the entire time as I'm asking questions. The entire visit lasted MAYBE one minute. He kept saying well I think it's.., it seems like maybe it's... never positive about one or the other. Seemed like he just randomly decided on one cause.Really doc?? I got better service and attention from the male nurse that took my blood pressure. Never coming here again. Made an appointment with my REAL doctor for a REAL consultation today. Fool me once same on you, fool me twice same on me:/ Shame because the office is really well decorated and all other personnel are very friendly.
1	Toooo hot! I think you will be more sick by coming here :/ they need to turn up the AC!!!! It's summer time!!!!!
1	One of the most interesting visits I have ever had to a quick care.  I waited for several hours to finally be seen & it was a Physician Assistant who came in and spent maybe 30 seconds with me.  He asked what was going on and started to lecture me on sudafed???  Really, wait over 2 hours to see a PA to talk to me about over the counter medication.  I could have talked to any pharmacist for free to get the same advise and taken leas time.  This was a joke of a place & a joke of a visit.  I told him I would prefer antibiotics to which he said fine, NEVER examined me at all???  Did not listen to my lungs, did not check my ears, throat nothing???  Why did he go to medical school???  This is what medical care has come to??  I will NEVER give this place my business again.  There are real doctors in other quick care places that will take the time to examine you and discuss health care possibilities with you.  This was a waste of my time & my insurance.
2	WARNING: the pricing and business practices at this business are predatory and deceptive.  Although I was told at check in for upper respiratory infection that "we take your insurance" that DOES NOT apparently does mean that "we are in your network".  That deceptive practice was repeated to me by the intake person, the office mgr, and now the billing department.  Meaning that if you want a $370 out of pocket bill for a 5 minute encounter with a PA (no MDs on duty) and an injection which may nit be covered then go here. If not -- please choose an honest urgent care business that does not charge hugely excessive fees and clearly informs patients of their insurance status before entering an exam room. Disgusting.
5	The staff was very friendly and helpful.  I was in and out in about an hour.  I got my prescription (needed antibiotics) no problem and I was feeling better within 24 hours.  Great service!
2	Lobby is clean and nice looking, however I am not impressed with the two and a half hours I had to wait to be seen. Kinda frustrating for an uninsured patient to wait so long and spend so much money. I asked why the wait was so long and the response was that there was only one doctor on, while the doctor and assistant I saw were both very nice and knowledgable, the woman at the front desk just seemed overwhelmed and like she did not want to be there. It did not help that I was in pain and had just got off a 8 hour work shift outdoors. I was impressed with the care of the doctor and assistant but not anything else.
1	HORRIBLE I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone !!!! Their billing practice is to debit money out of your account without a bill without a notification or notice of any kind 2 months after your visit. Customer service at billing center even worse told this is how they do it they notify you after the fact also told he gets complaints all the time and nothing is ever done about it (very professional). I was also told they accepted my insurance and were a provider and found out they were not !! They billed my insurance $1270.00 for an allergy shot (outrageous) I don't know what they paid or when and on Aug 14 $150.00 mysteriously is taken out of my account for my visit on June 19. Way too many other places to choose from avoid Urgent Care Extra at all the locations because they have the same billing practices. I posted a more detailed account on their FB page
1	Stay away and be very careful very poor business practices here will automatically deduct money out of your account without a bill after what insurance paid without a notice of any kind and lie about them accepting my insurance on top of it. Surprise my post on  their FB page was taken down and they are not accepting any more posts Mmmmm I wonder why ????  People are finding out about their poor business practices and even worse customer service ?? too many other quick care clinics to choose from stay away from all Urgent Care Extra's as they all have the same policies
1	The wait for this was not long. The problem I had was the doctor prescribed me medication I had clearly stated on my paperwork I was allergic to. Then he gave me false information about what was going to happen in the following days of why I was there. The doctor is not knowledgeable about his injuries and does not even take a look at your files. He is just their for your money... I will never recommend this to anyone!!!!!!
1	Whoever the receptionist is that works on saturday has no personality and is not friendly whatsoever. Put her ass in the back so she doesn't have to interact with people. And we waited for an hour.
2	Urgent care, it is not very urgent.... Upon a recommendation of a mom friend I have, I went to get my swollen, possibly fractured wrist x-rayed. I was greeted by a receptionist at the front desk who gave me some papers to fill out, took my insurance card, ID and co pay (which is $20 vs $200 if I went to the ER).  While I waited one lady that looked like death asked twice if her prescriptions were ready. She mentioned she'd been there for 2 hours for her prescriptions. Another woman came up moments later asking about when her prescriptions would be ready. I waited for almost 90 minutes before I was brought into a room, where, I waited for another 20-30 minutes. I could hear lots of friendly talk from the nurses desk outside the door and I wondered what patients were being seen. Finally, a PA came in and looked at my wrist and asked if they'd taken my X-rays yet. Ummm, no. I've been sitting here. I was beginning to think the place was pretty unorganized. About 10 minutes later and lots of Pinterest pinning later, 2 X-ray techs come get me and escort me to the xray room. After they debate the distance if the machine to my wrist, which xray apron I should wear, something else I couldn't catch, I wondered if it was their first day on the job. I asked them if they'd done a wrist xray before, they laughed and said they went to different xray schools. Well, pretty sure a standard wrist xray shouldn't be that confusing or have such contrasting methods of taking an xray, no matter what school you went to. X-rays are taken, I wait another 30 for the PA to come in. He enters, no fractures found, swollen soft tissue and there's small chip, but it looks okay.  Again it's chit-chat central out at the nurses counter with a lot of unorganized questions from each on how to do things. The splint/brace I came in was what I left with. Except I had to wait 30 minutes for my anti inflammatory prescription.
1	no stars!!!who wouldnt hate this fuckin place if you have been in theyre office of a total over 4 fuckin hours!!!!good luck to others!!!
1	Terrible customer service, lack of care from front person Shelby. I called to ask a question and pretty much blew me off and told me to call another number but was eager to just get off the phone and not wait for me to get a pen to be able to write the number. She was rude and impatient. She let me go and then I decided to call back to ask for a supervisor, her tone changed once I told her I was very disappointed and being in the medical field I have never received this type of treatment not any patient calling with a question deserves this type of treatment. It's very disappointing to encounter such a rude and uncaring person specially since this place was recommended by staff and Dr's   They will charge your account for the amount not agreed upon and now I have to talk to someone else and have my bank block this people from charging my credit card.
1	I'm currently waiting in the waiting room of urgent care extra. I'm running a high fever and am having asthma attacks, and I ha e been waiting here an hour and a half. Slowest urgent care I've ever been too! I need to be in bed, not sitting here in their office for forever. The get one star for having a friendly staff and one for style--the office is admittedly beautiful. Was just admitted to a patient room where the paper on the examination table hadn't been changed and the nurse dod a poor job taking my temp. I didn't think o had this much to complain about, and I've never written a review before, so that should say something about how ridiculously bad this place is.
