5	There are many choices for doggie daycare in the area. There area  few my pooch and I rotate between but our pick for proximity and the amount of joy he displays when we pull up is hands down Club Fetch.They are attentive while making sure the pooches are active and safe. They do a terrific job of posting photos of your pup on their Instagram and Facebook which is such a treat while traveling or just at work. If you live in the Southend or Dilworth area give Club Fetch a try - plus it's not far off 77 if you work uptown and live in South Charlotte.
5	Club Fetch is hands down the best place to take your dogs! Clean, hi-tech and super friendly. The staff is fabulous, they know all the dogs by name and treat them like their own. My two dogs get so excited when we pull up, they cannot wait to get in the doors and play with their new friends. I have used them for both doggie day care and overnight stays and could not be more impressed with both services. The rates are great and the kennels are large enough that my two labs can comfortably stay in the same one with room to spare. To top it off they post tons of photos on FB and Instagram so I can still see what my pups are up to while I am away from them.If you want your dogs to have the best experience, go check out Club Fetch, they will not disappoint.
5	I only want the best for my dogs.  Beauty of Club Fetch is... not only is it the highest quality facility that I've seen in Charlotte, the pricing is exceptionally reasonable!  Highlight that with the fact that you can tell that their love for the animals is first and foremost. If you are seeking a reliable place for your pets, you need to visit to see the facility.  The dogs are divided by their size/energy level and I was blown away by the organization.  All is extremely clean, doesn't have the typical odor as other place (typically from lack of cleanliness), and the actual facility (from the pet cots, kennel quality and size, to the cleaning room.  They have multiple options available for stay packages, day packages, and walks.  Extremely impressive operation.  Club Fetch has gone above and beyond expectations for our furry family.  If you are anything like me, you will be elated to have Club Fetch in SouthEnd.
5	When I moved from Atlanta to Charlotte earlier this year, my most puzzling item was what to do with my dog, Wiley, when I went out of town.  We had a great team in Atlanta, and after searching high and low in Charlotte I didn't know if we could find someone we trusted with a safe, clean facility.  As soon as I walked into Club Fetch, I knew that would be Wiley's home away from home.  The staff was extremely attentive and friendly with my tour, which assured me this is where I wanted Wiley to be; and although I was hesitant about the doggie daycare portion (only because Wiley had never been in that environment), Club Fetch's free comprehensive assessment put my mind at ease immediately.  Now, I even take Wiley to doggie daycare when I'm in town sometimes just so he can play with all his new friends - both human and canine!  I highly recommend Club Fetch and their stellar, caring team for anyone looking for a home away from home for daycare, boarding, and/or grooming services.
5	There's only word to say that best describes Club Fetch, EXCEPTIONAL! The only place for genuine care, compassion and love for your pet. Lucy is here Monday - Friday every week and actually gets excited in the mornings to go! Thanks to a great team and a great facility for the peace of mind I have each day knowing Lucy is in your care.
5	I love Club Fetch! The staff is so friendly and really knowledgeable! The service you receive here is better than anything I have received in town. They will meet you as you are coming in and check in is super easy so you can go about your day! They even give you a "report card" after your dog's first visit letting you know how they did.The facility is top notch! They separate the dogs into 3 different areas based on size. I love how they have a "TV Room" for the dogs to watch TV. haha.They also require all updated health records so you know all the other dogs have had their shots. This puts me at ease as a dog owner.Max starts running toward Club Fetch the second he sees it! It is a real relief to finally find a good place to take your dog in town! I highly recommend it!
5	We love Club Fetch! The staff and facility are wonderful. Our pup is always so excited when the folks there great him (by name) when we arrive. With so many customers, it's impressive that they remember the names of both their pup and human clients. Even though Blair is a White Sox fan, he treats our pup Wrigley very well... almost as if we had named him Konerko.
5	My dog loves Club Fetch. We just started bringhing him there and you can really tell that Blair (the owner) really loves the dogs andwhat he does. Everyone at Club Fetch is so nice and you can tell that they really love the dogs that come there. My dog is so excited to go to Club Fetch each day, so I know that he is having a great time! They even post photos daily, so you can see what your pup is doing each day.
5	Disclaimer: I am an extremely picky pup parent. Examples: Thor is not allowed to drink the water at the dog park, if I don't get a good feeling somewhere - we never go back, I have specific rules/guidelines for Thor's caretakers. That being said, we love Club Fetch.We switched to Club Fetch a few months ago, and I am so happy that we did. The staff here is wonderful, facilities are clean and they update social media so that I can see my happy pup even when I'm on the road! It's obvious that the staff here really love the dogs and care for them as their own. The best story that I have (that made me fall in love with this place) is when we forgot Thor's elephant baby (stuffed animal) at Club Fetch.  I picked Thor up, got home and realized that we didn't have his elephant that he sleeps with every night - and has slept with every night since forever. I called club fetch about 5 mins before they closed and Blair the owner picked up. I asked him to please check for the baby in Thor's kennel, and he found it tucked in the corner. *sigh of relief*. He got back on the phone and said "Kelly, I've got it. Do I need to get it to you tonight?"  *moment of awe* so sweet, considerate and caring! I told him we'd just get it the next day, but I was glad it was still there.  They are so good at this facility. I'm so thankful that we've found them!!
