4	Oh Fanattics...it's the place where everyone knows your name.  "Norm!" It's a great little sports bar with lots of tvs and great beers specials.  Almost every night features $1.50 beer...which is awesome!!  I think Monday is $.35 wings and $1.50 bud lights if you're looking for a cheap night.  They have a pool table, dart board, and great selection on the jukebox.  I always park on Darlington Ave to avoid meters (especially since the burgh tickets til 10pm now).  Oh, and the food is great too...try a pizza for sure!!
4	Fanattics is the friendliest bar in Squirrel Hill. The bartenders make it a point to know your name and remember you after your first time visiting. It is not a superficial friendliness either, I've only been there three times but I feel like I've known everyone who hangs out at Fanattics for a long time. The patrons are just as friendly as the staff. Within five minutes of sitting down I had people telling me their life stories.Most people who hang out here are in their mid twenties to early thirties and hang around the pool table or just chill out at the bar and watch some random game on the television.Fanattics probably has the best drink specials in Squirrel Hill. Every day has some beer for 1.50 and Tuesday nights is $3 micro and import night. They also have food specials every night but I have never tried the fare offered here but it looks like standard bar food choices. If you are looking for a friendly, low-key night try Fanattics and you won't be disappointed.
3	ok place. not a lover of sports bars - so not a lover of this place.
5	Great people.
3	Stopped in on a Saturday afternoon. Had a cider and left. I'm new to town so still trying to find go to spot. This bar was tiny and smelly (still getting used to the fact that there are smoking bars still in business). Very lack luster.
5	This will be a place you will never want to leave. The staff is helpful and quick with service. I have always been treated with great respect here, even on my first visit. A must stop place for a game or a good time. I wish you luck finding a seat here.
4	Super great atmosphere, has the NFL package, great drink prices... If only it wasn't absolutely filled with cigarette smoke inside.
3	Not too bad, decent drink prices (jack drinks for 3 bucks on a friday night - sign me up). Would be a 4 star rating if I didn't reek of smoke when I got back.Pool table (albeit 1) and dart boards as well. A good crowd of people. All in all, not a bad place to just hang out, catch the game, shoot some pool.
