4	Want to visit a local farm and get in touch with your inner farmer? Let me introduce Michael and Lylah Ledner host , owners and producer at the Simple Farm...Give them a call and head out for a visit. The Simple Farm opened its gates to the public the week of Thanksgiving, 2010.  The  farm store was finally ready  and willing  to have  customers experience the beauty of our farm as we grow.For now, Tuesdays from 9:30 am - 6 pm are the only day that they are open to the public.  And, because They are a working farm and the farm is a business and their private home, it's not a good idea to just drop by.  They value sharing the farm experience with others and if you email at thesimplefarm @ gmail dot com, they will  be delighted to schedule a tour for you and your family or group (i.e. girl scouts, school, etc.)  The tour fees is $2 per person.Currently the Simple Farm is a producer of veggies, herbs, flowers and eggs for the North Scottsdale Farmer's Market and their own Tuesday Market.Here is the list for what was growing in December :.Kale - 2 varietiesSwiss Chard - 2 varietiesBeets - (so far) 3 varietiesRadish - French Breakfast and Cherry BelleSalad Mixes - Mesculin, Red Romaine, Romaine (this is up), Lattuga, some gourmet salad mixes as wellCarrots - NantesArugula - moreHerbs: dill, cilantro, French sorrel, French Chervil, Chives, parsley,BroccoliMore gourmet greensSugar snap peasSpinachOnionsGarlicNew seeds and plants are be readied for the coming season . Several local restaurants such as The Herb Box , purchase many of the Tomatoes, herbs and other bounties of the garden.  Fresh Eggs from the farm are a delicious treat.   The farm also house several milking goats and hopefully will sell their milk someday. Be sure to check out coming events at the farm .
5	Very friendly owners, fresh high quality produce, including fresh eggs and goat cheese, I highly recommend to try caramel sauce made from goat milk, it is just simply amazing!
5	'Twas the last morning of 2011, and my husband made me breakfast....Two farm fresh eggs over easy, mmmm they were some of the best!They were so tasty and memorable, that what did I do next?A status update on facebook, even more public than a mass text!I asked my network of friends if they knew where I could find more farm fresh eggs in the year to come;And thanks to several replies, I received answers... and today I acted on the first one.--That's enough of my effort to be poetic, as you can probably tell, it's not my forte.  But I will say kudos to Deb L as she's the one who introduced me to The Simple Farm!I probably should have read the Yelp reviews for this place before I dropped on by, but I was in the area so I gave it a shot.  Luckily, Michael, one of the owner/farmer/producers, was on premise and in a good mood, because he came right out when I pulled in and welcomed me despite the fact that it was a Tuesday afternoon and this farm is only open on Thursdays from 9am - 1pm and 4pm - 6pm.  Even more lucky for me, Michael managed to scrounge up a dozen of their farm fresh eggs for me ($5.50) and taught me a bit about them.  One trivia tidbit he told me was that farm fresh eggs that haven't been cleaned can sit out (not refrigerated) for up to three weeks.  He also showed me that they are supposed to sit in the carton point down.   I didn't get to explore more of the farm today (they were closed after all), but I will definitely be back.  And next visit, I'll go on a Thursday morning if possible!  PS - I came home and made huevos rancheros for dinner and they were delicious!
5	Love this place and so do my little guys!! Goats, chickens, green stuff everywhere- what more can you want in life?! Living in a desert, this place can seem like a mirage, but it's not. Who knew a farm could happen in the middle of Scottsdale?The farming team, Michael & Lylah, are very into all things local, composting and eating off the land. They live this out and are great at teaching young and old alike. Lylah has been known to stoop down and pick some greens from the dirt and hand them to my 3 year old who eats away! So cool! I want my boys to grow up knowing where their food really comes from. They also sell goat cheese, goat milk caramel, organic vegetables and homemade jam. We need more of this culture in the Valley and you can definitely find it at The Simple Farm. Michael, is also a musician, and my favorite market days are when you find him playing live music. These are rare, but it adds an extra cool touch. Can't say enough about this couple! You need to experience and support them.
5	Visited this Farm as part of the Arcadia Edible Garden Tour and I really enjoyed myself here.  As it was the first stop on the tour, I took advantage of the yummy treats they were selling.  They had lots of herbs and some peaches; breads (amazing little ciabatta breads) and then this to-die-for caramel made from.. you'd never guess.. goat's milk!  It was fantastic over the Crow's Dairy goat-milk gelato they also sold there (BTW, Crow's Dairy is Buckeye, AZ's goat farm and sells at the Ahwatukee Farmer's Market every Sunday).Okay, back to the farm - It has a very not-so-organized (almost wild-looking) layout and growth about it.. everything seems like seeds were just sprinkled and watered, and, POOF, garden!  You can walk the gardens, but don't touch (duh!) and then you can go see the chickens in the back and then see the goats to the side.  It's very family friendly as they have little paths and signs that tell you where you can go and where you should stay out.Their little snack-shack area, as I mentioned, had all sorts of goodies... they even had this outstanding blueberry muffin the gal had just made - yum!  The goat milk gelato was so tasty and their caramel is something you must get and take home.  If I lived in this area, I'd definitely come here for the eggs... sadly, I don't, but you should if you live nearby.
5	Just love this quiant farm in the city.  Visited today for wonderfully fresh swiss chard and beets. Weather is great to stop, have a cup of coffee and a pastry.  Their goats are so sweet you can pet them.  Great place to bring kids to show them where their food comes from.  This farm is genuine to their word and really practice the organic/natural lifestyle.  Makes you feel like you are in a different town and not in the heart of Scottsdale.  Stop by on Thursdays....
3	new experience, just stopped by with my wife and purchased some produce.never been to a place like this before. It was a good way to get ideas for our own garden and see what they did. Also they have really good ideas if you are just starting to make your own garden.The produce here was deliciously fresh. We went in the summer and enjoyed the selection. The heat...not as much
5	I stumbled upon this place today on Facebook and I'm SO glad I did.  I went with a co-worker to check it out today and loved it!  The owners were so welcoming and explained what was where and how it all worked.  We learned that it is best to get to the farm early on Thursday mornings for the best selection as they were out of most all of the goat milk products.  I bought a bit of produce and some Crows Dairy feta cheese as well as a couple of tomato plants and a chive and arugula plant.  It's great to have a hidden gem like this in the middle of Scottsdale.  Can't wait to go back!
5	I found Lylah and Michael and their dear nubian milk maids (i.e. the cutest, happiest, goats I ever saw) through Instagram, and when I finally decided my instastalking approached a new level of crazy, I attended a pie crust workshop cohosted by Rachel of Pistol Whipped (who happens to be a pastry guru/charmer/genius). At first I couldn't believe this little haven existed inside the city, but then I decided to appreciate how charming The Simple Farm is! If the over saturated documentaries about food on Netflix don't have you keenly aware of the importance of knowing where your food comes from then you let your Netflix lapse. Well, at The Simple Farm, you not only know you're getting farm fresh like at the Phoenix area markets, you also can actually see the source of your food and walk around the beds from which your pretty kale and other Beatrix Potter-type veggies grow. I went back another week for their farmer's market and everything about this farm and their way of being in their business is special and lost in the current state of everyone's business. I fell in love with carrots that only looked cuter in Peter Cottontail's pockets, fruit trees decked out in flower buds and baby peaches, darling doelings who double as vaulting gymnasts, and an honor system coffee bar. Oh, yes, and there are more fresh produce, cheese, goat's milk, an epic hand made caramels alongside other artisan goodies and wares.
5	Perfection all the way around! :) local fresh,amazing staff, non gmo, perfect delicious and PERFECT!  hehe
5	I held a client event there in October and my clients were blown away! The owner took us on a walking farm tour. The goats are so cute and funny! The grounds are unique and beautiful. We even did a cheese making demo which was very unique and interactive. The Simple Farm created such a relaxing "at home" experience and I'm still receiving huge praise from my clients (all meeting planners by the way) on hosting our event at The Simple Farm. I will definitely be back for another client event for success!
