2	overpriced and got poor service. the layout and decor is hodgepodge of nightclub, bar and restaurant but does not hit the mark on any of them. pre-game mixed drinks for $10? sorry! I was hoping to catch some of the nba finals game 1 before heading to the d-backs game but couldn't wait to get out of there. TVs in the open bar area were tiny old standard def sets. what the? the "nicer" bar area with bigger HD sets was closed. the frickin nba finals are on! hello! sports bar? bah.
1	They stop serving at 7:30pm on a Saturday night.That is retarded.The End.
2	I was a big fan of Eddie Matney's at 24th and Camelback, so I had reasonable hopes for Stoudemire's, that I feel were unmet.I was here with a large group earlier this week and noshed on apps such as chicken strips, pulled pork and slaw sandwiches and chips and guacamole.  The pulled pork sandwiches were the highlight, btw.  Not a fan of the nondescript fancy sportsbar decor, and I am especially not a fan of the 7:30 pm closing time on a Tuesday.  I get the whole frontierness of the fledgling downtown dining scene, but the early roll-up the welcome mat thing sucks.  LAME!
2	I really wish I could like Stoudemire's. It is named after probably my favorite basketball player ever: the power, the majesty that is Amare Stoudemire. It is also an amazing location with an upscale decor that I was really digging. At least after two 24 oz. Stella's, when I started looking around at all the bizarre glowing arrows on the ceiling that make the place seem like a Frank Lloyd Wright inspired church. Perhaps a temple to Him, Black Jesus, who will finally deliver us Suns fans to the promised land.It's just such a shame the food is so lackluster and expensive, the menu is so pitiful before games, the hours are so freakin stupid, and there are no happy hour or game day drink specials to get me warmed up for the passion and the pride I need to bring to a game.If there were just a couple of fixes to the factors in that equation (preferably the quality of food and the presence of pre-game drink specials), it might become my venue of choice before a game. As it is, it's a useless restaurant that gets by on its location and name. But as long as they keep packing them in before every Suns game, I guess they have no reason to stray from their product of offering a few over-priced entrees and drinks on short hours and laughing their way to the bank.
1	Sub-par food for the price (or any price, really). Bad service.I can't think of any positives about this place other than it's closed to the sports venues downtown.
1	Very very poor management. We were there last year for the Suns playoff game and wait in line for a seat like the other 25 people. Some Yanni looking dousche and his fake as hell trailer trash barbie wanna be walked in asked for the manager, proceeded to yank his jock and get a table in less then 1 min. I walked right over to the same manager while he was schmoozing the Dousches and asked why they were so special. (nothing like bursting the ego of a semi-famous dousche) The manager was so embarrassed he escorted me off the floor and proceeded to tell me "they spend so much money here every year that they deserve preferred treatment" I walked out and told every other person who was waiting what had happened and out of 25 people at least 18 went somewhere else. I sure hope the VIP was worth the $500 they lost out on when we all walked. Not to mention the bad press and no repeat business.
4	Why is everyone hating on Stoudemire's so much? I've lived downtown for about 4 years now and had never been until last night. We went in to watch the Suns game and once the game started the place cleared out and we had it to ourselves. I was actually surprised it is a pretty nice place, and definitely expected more of a low key atmosphere like Majerle's, but it is pretty fancy. They have two bars, which give a distinctly different vibe. The indoor bar feels very club like, while the outdoor bar feels a little more neighborhoody and casual. The outdoor bar is a great place to watch sports on TV. The servers and bartenders I encountered were definitely nice people and very accommodating. I gotta lose 15 lbs so I had the Chinese Chicken Salad and thought it was very good, and a decent size to make a meal for a guy. Their chefs BTW, for the entire Bill Smith empire, a restaurant Stoudemire's is a part of, are Michael Cairns and Matt Alleshouse, who came from the Arizona Biltmore as Executive Chef and Wright's Chef de Cuisine respectively. That would probably account for the ever improving food. I probably won't be screaming to return to the place though for a couple of reasons. One; the cost. Salad and 3 gin and tonics = $48!!!  Like I said, it was a great salad, but woo for them for being able to get such a great profit margin. Reason two is there is nothing to really set this place apart from other sports bars in the area that offer more unique settings like Majerle's, Alice Cooperstown, or even Friday's for that matter.+1 for pretty good food +1 for good service -1 for cost.
3	Note: This is a review for the club, not the restaurant. Had some friends visiting from LA, and they wanted some good hip hop music, so I suggested Stoudemire's. The atmosphere is chill, but there's just something about it that makes me give it 3 stars. I think the music is pretty good (we were singing along to all the goodies like "Ain't no Fun" and "Be faithful"), but the people and alcohol selection is mediocre. They offer a full bar, but only have a few beers on tap. The typical blue moon, bud light, and surprisingly, Stella Artois. My friend got patron shots from one bar, but they were pretty small. Towards the end of the night, THEY RAN OUT OF PATRON!!! Are you kidding me? That really annoyed me. When the place shuts down, you will definitely get some entertainment. Again, the clientele is pretty ghetto, so you will get some belligerent drunks trying to gain some street cred. I would head out after about 10 min, just for your own safety!
2	Service ok. Food meh. Drinks ok. The food here has never impressed me. The setting is good.
1	Save your money and eat a hot dog while watching the game.
2	Worked at the office today and for lunch I originally wanted to go to China Inn but it was closed. It was either the Hard Rock or Stoudemire's. Guess you know where I ate. I ordered yellow squash soup and half a grilled chicken club sandwich for $9 and my coworker order the beer battered fish and chips for $11. I think they were trolling for the fish and chasing the chicken 'cause almost 25 minutes had gone by before our order was brought to us. The fish looked like chicken drumettes because there was a lot of batter on it; served with waffle fries and a tablespoon of cole slaw. My soup was okay, not hot, good texture but a little bland. My sandwich was okay. The only thing I did not like was the top slice of bread was crisp and the bottom WET!!! .UGH!!! I HATE damp bread!!! Our waitress must have forgotten our order and it must have sat on the counter for who knows how long.It will be sometime before I patronize this restaurant again.
3	hello stop #3 on a day drinking/ lightrail/ 30th birthday celebration.  the burgers looked good here but my focus was on the beer.  the restaurant is your typical american food (sandwiches, salads, appetizers, burgers, oh and full bar of course).  the bar does have a couple flatscreens.  hey- if you want a new, clean, airy restaurant to go watch a game in the downtown area think about this spot.  i'd go back  and next time i'll try a burger.
3	Went here for our company dinner/happy hour:What I liked:-friendly staff, pretty quick to serve drinks n food-good bar-very clean and plenty of seatsWhy no fifth star:-the food seemed about average-for a clean place, kinda has an identity crisis. Not sure if this place wants to be a nice restaurant, a club, or a sports bar. With only a few TVs, they may need to beef up the menu. Nothing stood out for me aside from their bar.Not sure if I'd come here again. Heard they filed for Chap. 11, so maybe this is the change they need.
2	I went here on a pub crawl after being turned away from an overcrowed Majerles during one of the Cardinal's game. I was surprised to find the place nearly empty when just down the road Majerles had people falling out the door, but after ordering a few round of drinks I soon found out why the place was empty. The bar tender and manager were annoyed by the size of our group. When most empty bars would probably embrace 25 people walking in the door wanting to order drinks, the Stoudemire's staff seemed overwhelmed and annoyed.  The restaurant is nice and clean, and the drinks were good yet overpriced.  I would defnitely not reccomend it for large groups.  For people looking for a good sports bar downtown head to Majerles because the patrons there seemed to be enjoying themselves and the staff seemed to enjoy having business.
