3	You know that moment when you're contemplating what to call your business, and taking hours and days of brainstorming over it, just so you can get the perfect, catchy, original name? Well I think, why waste your time? Because it's probably actually cooler, less stress, and straight to the point if you just call a spade a spade. Or a watch a watch. Which is what this little watch seller does. I'm not really big into watches. I think if I did wear one I'd constantly be staring at it and panicking about life ticking away. Then again, maybe it would stop me from being late on a constant basis. There was a really decent selection of trendy, different watches here, and nothing was boring or a bit standard. My only complaint would be that the place is quite small, so I felt like I'd finished looking at everything after about a minute and a half. I suppose you have to do what you can with the size you've been given, but I am a bit fussy and indecisive, so normally need a larger selection to satisfy my shopping wants. I thought the best watches on offer were the reliably funky and colorful Swatch watches, love them, plus the very cool chunky, angular bracelets that come in black and white, with their subtle clock faces. Brilliant for regular accessorising and time keeping.
3	Guess what this shop sells?OK enough with the name-pun it's actually a pretty cool shop, especially for people who like me have a small obsession with the tick-tock machines. Great for a present, but my does it come from a price.Once when I was in here just looking around with my friend I felt the guy sitting at the till was scanning us as soon as we entered the store and we shuffled out soon after that. Something must have ticked him off . (ha ha Anna). Perhaps I overreacted from the combination of multiple ticking sounds and his obviously bad mood. It's a tiny shop mind you but very dedicated to watches and quirky clocks. A nice chain from the chain shops and another individual shop to add to the area as well.
5	Aaah, this is a cool shop. I have a thing for watches in general, so a shop which sells nothing but (that isnt a jewelers) is a bit of a special place for me!Theres a vast selection here - and I mean vast in all senses of the word. The watches here tend to fall into two camps. Traditional or wacky, and expensive or cheap. Basically, find the right combination of those two things and you have your perfect watch.You can ask to try them on, but I get the feeling the staff are a bit reluctant to do this - but still, you can.
4	This is a very trendy shop in Edinburgh, and it doesn't take much to guess what it sells!Selling classic, Swiss Swatch watches to trendier Quiksilver designs, it's fairly expensive but has a wide range of stock. I'm not really one for watches as my friends will probably tell you when I turn up late, but if I was going to invest in one that would last I would come here. Durable but looking sharp, they sell some nice watches for guys and girls.You would think the trend for watches was dying out since everyone now checks the clock on their top of the range phones. But with the cutting edge and classic designs in here, Watch shows us all that its days are certainly not numbered!
4	A good watch tends to say a lot about it's owner, and can be as important as a house or car for those that want to convey their status, style or wealth to others. Given that I can check the time on my mobile phone, and I've always found watches a bit irritating and itchy to wear, I'll likely continue to use my ill-fitting cheap suit and filthy training shoes to let people know where I fit in the scheme of things.For watch fans however, this tiny, quirky little shop will probably seem like a gift from above. The amount of timepieces packed into such a small area is truly uncanny.
4	Long gone are the days of modest leather straps and simple designs. Now, watches sport super durable alloys, wacky features and sparkly facades. Watch seems to be fully aware of these futuristic pieces and yet manages to keep space for the more practical designs., you'll no doubt find something you like in here.The shop is miniscule and has, as you'd expect, a constant 'tick-tock' in the background from the various timepieces. This, I found, was extremely annoying.  I won't let that reflect on what is essentially a fully competent Watch merchant.
4	If you're looking for a new watch then where better to get it than from a place with the same name? With the fresh white exterior and the funky signage Watch is a very inviting little shop indeed and looks funky from both inside and out. They stock stacks of watches here all from good quality makes including; DKNY, Roxy, Alessi, Guess, Diesel and my favourite Rotary to name but a few.If it's time you got a new watch head in here!
5	Woohoo! As good as it gets!The staff are lovelyThe watches are brilliantThe price is reasonableBien!
4	The other day I was told that time was an illusion, if proven true this might turn into a catastrophe for the watch industry.Mobile phones have made watches redundant for many. Yet I still find a quick gaze and a flick of the wrist to be marginally less effort than sticking my hand into my pocket every five minutes. Furthermore watches will always carry a charm for me. I like a classical watch. Something to show my refined taste. The more gears and pointlessly analogue the better.Watch carries a range of watches, surprising considering its very small size. There is only one other watch shop nearby so Watch has quite a captive audience. I didn't have the same problem as some others seem to have experienced, the staff were quite friendly and despite the small intimate space I didn't feel like I was being WATCHed. It can be a bit pricey but is probably more reliable than buying one from a big supermarket or online, and they can certainly offer advice.I've yet to try out the other nearby shop, WATCH this space.
4	Do I need a dynamite alarm clock? No.Do I want a dynamite alarm clock? God Yes!This place is the shiney number on the clock face of Edinburgh watch shops! Quirky and cool, packed with the nicest watches and a good place to head if you're looking for a something more unusual to stick on your wrist or a crackin big timepiece for the wall, you will be a happy chappy after a visit here!With all the big brands and more it's a no brainer! You wont be waisting your time in here, that's for sure!
