1	I was excited about trying Dunkin' Donuts for the first time during my AZ stay. That is, until I brought an iced coffee and a dozen home for my family, and there was a spider on one of the glazed donuts. Not just chillin' there on it, but actually GLAZED ONTO it. A poor, defenseless spider frozen in time by sugary, sticky icing. I told this particular Dunkin' Donuts, and they said they were sorry. That's it. They were sorry and they were going to pull those glazed donuts off the shelves for the rest of the day. I didn't even like donuts that much to begin with, but I'll probably never eat one again. Wow. Thank you so much, DD!
2	Disappointing.  I was looking for the Denny's near here and came across this, ironically in the same center as the "My Arep,a" Venezuelan place I had discovered a couple of weeks ago.  I figured what the heck, I'll get a cheap breakfast here instead of Denny's.  And I know they have good coffee because I buy their ground coffee at Target and WalMart when it's on sale--REALLY good stuff.  But the donut was so much worse than what I've had (seldom) at Krispie Kreme, and the breakfast sandwich was just adequate.  Thank goodness the coffee was still good.  I got the vanilla flavored one and a decaf vanilla for my refill to go.  I doubt I'll go back--to this one or any other if this is a sample of their donuts.  I don't eat them often enough to waste the experience on bad quality.
4	I love Dunkin Donuts, but not for the donuts (for that I go to KK or QT).  I love the wraps and breakfast sandwiches.  My somewhat weekly splurge is the turkey sausage egg-white flatbread.  I often get the $.99 egg and cheese wake-up wrap.  For about a buck I get my protein fix for the morning in a tasty tortilla.  I was a huge fan of McD's iced coffee, but that is like 70% sugar, so its essentially a soda parading as coffee.  DD's iced coffee actually tastes like coffee, cream & sugar, and their hot coffee tastes like coffee - not frappamocalattechino.
4	I got friendly, efficient service in the drive-thru on a weekday morning.  This is the closest location to my work, but not exactly on my way, so while I won't likely become a regular, I could see stopping through here every once in a while.
4	This Dunkin Donuts is very clean and serves great coffee. I don't eat donuts but I do love a good cup of coffee. Their coffee is not only cheaper than Starbucks, but better tasting too. I do know that Dunkin Donuts offers a variety of healthy choices for food as well so if you are in the need you don't have to eat fatty donuts.
4	A little angel told me that I would find something in Phoenix that I had seen nowhere else in all my gypsy travels. I was expecting some miraculous happening or event - -  or perhaps discovering a plant or insect that no one had ever seen before . . . but I was prepared for whatever new miracle that happened to come my way. Bring it on!I certainly did not expect what I found . . . I was out exploring my "new" city a couple weekends ago when I ran across a Dunkin Donuts. "Well, yes" I said to myself, " I could use an iced coffee! and maybe a couple of Munchkins." As I drove up to park, I noticed a Drive-Thru sign. I wondered what other fast food taco place was nearby . . . when what to my surprise I realized it was a Drive-Thru Dunkin Donuts! Never in my wildest imagination did I ever think folks would Drive-Thru to get D*O*N*U*T*S! It was a miracle, no doubt about it.I got in line. Yes, there was a line! I quickly picked up my phone and texted a friend back in Denver. "Guess what I found?" He's a huge DD fan and the closest one is in Colorado Springs. I told him I was Driving Thru and was buying a small box of Munchkins and did he want to share. I got a text back . . . "I hate you."  I just smiled and stuffed another jelly filled glazed Munchkin in my smiling mouth and I drove away exploring for more miracles.
2	GREAT coffee, horrendously slow service with other employees not interested in helping knock down the line. If you are just getting coffee, hit the drive-thru - you'll be less frustrated.
4	I love that this Dunkin' Donuts has a drive-thru. I wish other Dunkin' Donuts would follow their lead. This location is very convenient for me as it's near a gas station and just off the freeway. Somebody said they had slow service here. I've never had that problem. Took my husband here for a little breakfast date. Yes, we actually set the alarm and went here around 9AM. Love the donuts and the donut prices. Love that they have coolattas and pumpkin-spiced coffee near Halloween. Love the selection of donuts. I just wish the coffee prices were a little less and that's all that's keeping me from giving it 5 stars. Love the breakfast but I think you should get two breakfast wraps for a buck, not just one. This place is staffed by responsible teenages. It's a clean location with clean bathrooms.
4	I've used their drive-thru many times. They're quick and competent. And of course, they're coffee is OUT OF THIS WORLD! :)The service inside is a different story. Like one other reviewer wrote, they do tend to be slow and no one else seems willing to help to knock down the line. It can be frustrating. If time is a factor, I'd go with the drive-thru.
4	It's Dunkin Donuts...need I say anything more?  We went here every day for 7 days straight on vacation.  Everyone was super friendly and helpful.  The bagel sandwiches are the best!
2	If I had to rate Dunkin Donuts soley on their beverages and donuts, I would rate it much higher than 2 stars because this place is great for that. But for lunch and service, I was very disappointed. I went through the drive-thru today for a vanilla chai and a turkey, cheddar and bacon sandwich. There were only 2 cars ahead of me and somehow was in the drive-thru for a total of almost 20 minutes. The girl at the drive-thru window did apologize for the wait but still, not the reason why I go to the drive thru...I go because it's supposed to be fast and convenient!!! When I took out the sandwich, it had some sort of sauce all over the wrapper and the paper was sticking to the bag. When I opened the sandwich, I bit into stale bread and a horrible tasting sauce on the turkey! It was so nasty!! On top of that, I opened up the sandwich to wipe the sauce off and noticed a torn off piece of notebook paper stuck to the turkey!!! The chai they gave me was also sticky and had brown stuff floating on the top. The drink was also warm, even though I ordered it iced. I do like the flavor of the vanilla chai (I"ve ordered it before and obviously like it). Completely disgusted and will not be returning for lunch or to the drive-thru!!
4	I go to quite a few Dunkins in the area and this one is by far the best. All the employees here are friendly and remember me. Although the drive thru is slow sometimes. I feel as though the long played our speech at the intercom might have something to do with it. Some times I feel like they're joking with how slowly they say "Weeeelllcome tooo Dunnnnkin Donutsssss, whattt are youuu drinkingggg?!" But other than that they're pretty quick and don't cut you off while you order. I've sent my coffee back a few times for tasting watered down and have never had a problem. They're always so nice and quick to remake it for me. I would give 5 stars if it wasn't for the annoyingly long speech at the intercom.
4	The drive thru can be a little slow but not knowing what the person ahead of you is ordering, shat can you do. Overall everytime assocoates are really nice and get my order right, no issues.
2	I go to this dunkin or the one on warner around 3-5 times a week. Normally my experiences are really good for most part and my company really loves dunkin for our company meetings as the owner used to own a bunch of locations in new mexico some years ago. I purchased several of the pre-paid coffee books around the holidays where you pay $12 and get 10 hot coffees, just using the booklet of vouchers. At both locations they always allow me to get a iced coffee even though the voucher says hot coffee and almost all the reps at the drive thrus have been more than accommodating and some have even gotten to recognize me as a regular. WELL this morning that came to a halt as I went thru this drive thru on my way to work the MANAGER (WHO HIMSELF WAS WORKING THE DRIVE THRU WINDOW) COLDLY informed me that he would no longer honor that, and I replied that they had always done so at multiple locations, He reminded me that he was the manager and he would make sure it would never be honored again. I could not believe the rudeness of this manager, and I am in customer service management. From here on out I will take my business to the location on warner, not that this manager will probably care.
1	What doughnut store has no doughnuts? Dunkin Donuts, that's who... Four times I've visited this particular store and each time - usually after 3pm - nearly all their donuts were sold out. I get that they get lots of business early in the day, but they are also a doughnut store and shouldn't matter what time of day I visit. This would be like going to Dairy Queen for ice cream only to discover they had none. What Dunkin always seems to have is their piss-water flavored coffee, problem with that is they are not a coffee shop, if they want to be a coffee shop then they should change their name to Dunkin Coffee. I've complained several times to their corporate webpage, only to be completely ignored. So, we are done with Dunkin - there is a Krispy Kreme just up the street and they have a better selection of doughnuts, at a better price, any time of the day which are actually made fresh, not shipped to the store frozen.
1	I really needed some hot chocolate not long ago, it was cold outside and freezing in my office to boot. I ventured to the Dunkin Donuts in hopes to satisfy my craving, I got back to my office and took my first sip only to find that it was so watered down that it was undrinkable. I was seriously disappointed.
5	Best deal in town. Bring in your own cup (mine is 16oz) and get a coffee for $1.07. First refill free. Consistent coffee, usually a table free because of plenty of seats. I regularly office here when I'm looking to get away from my desk.
1	I was grabbing breakfast for me. & a friend & went through the drive through. I ordered two #5's (bacon, egg & cheese on bagel + coffee + hash browns) and 2 orange juices.I didn't get the coffee, but assumed they just subbed the orange juice. Not a huge deal. However, after driving away and eventually opening the bag I realized they didn't put egg on the sand witches & forgot the hash browns as well. I drove back & went in. I told the counter girl that The sandwiches were wrong & I didn't get hash browns. They gave me a new bag & I hurried off after being so delayed.Turns out they just put egg on the already cold sandwiches I handed them back & still forgot the hash browns. Never again.The
