1	Out and about looking for fireplace doors.  Not something we do often - both because once we find them we likely won't need them again and because we already have a fireplace screen.The problem is that our fireplace is taller than a standard one (just a hair taller than 33 inches, if you're curious).  Someone referred us to the Hearth and Patio folks, and off we went.  Two locations that I know of - this one and another up by Northlake Mall.  This was closest, so we dropped in one afternoon to look at the selection.The good: Decent selection on display, which usually isn't the case.  Even places like Home Depot and Lowe's, which is where you might go for a standard door, will have to special order doors.  The folks here have a good selection in stock - but they are again only for the standard sizes.  At least you can look at some.The bad: The staff.  While on the surface they seem nice, the longer you talk to them, the worse they get - especially if you don't take what they say as gospel.  Once we started asking questions (and more importantly, taking their advice), they were downright surly.  We left.
5	Went there to purchase outdoor furniture . Salesperson Brandon could not have been more helpful. When I need something for my fireplace I know where I will be going to.
5	Went there to purchase outdoor furniture . Salesperson Brandon could not have been more helpful. When I need something for my fireplace I know where I will be going to.Update on my purchase: received my set Saturday. What a fantastic experience . The delivery guy was great. Even said if something didn't fit on the deck he would be happy to bring it back down to the truck. I never got service like this in NY. I can't say enough good things about this store
5	I needed gas grills for a pool. I called the store and the staff  was very helpful. I never had to go to the showroom. They put the grills together, delivered them and offered to install. I did not have them do this, my maintenance people did the job. I could not have asked for a better grill or easier process.
1	I have to say that h & p were very good until I wrote the check. they were installed late, improperly, and the store reps pass the buck. I have had my air on today, and my house smells like an outdoor gas grill-out. I have not received a return call all day, and don't know if its safe to be in my home tonight. Any answers??? Solutions??? My e-mail is wedare@bellsouth.net. thanks, lightheaded :L
1	Hmmmmm, multiple employees and no one wanted to help, we finally received help and she tried really hard but was unsure of what was what and had to keep asking other workers (who didn't want to help her).  Not the place to go when buying gas long inserts and custom surrounds!
1	DO NOT USE HEARTH AND PATIO!!!! CHIMNEY FIRE NEW YEARS EVE. I have had my logs for less than two years. 1) purchase, glad to take my money 2) installation, two weeks late,and according to responders, improper flue installation, TWO times, causing heat to go up chimney (they didn't even use fire proof sealer) causing fire. When installer was ask about cleaning chimney, he said not necessary. Had them out to inspect for smell, then said i needed it cleaned, and more money. I HAVE NEVER BEEN SO UNSATISFIED just trying to enjoy a fire.
