3	Though situated in a smallish shopping center, it's not quite what I'd classify as a part of a strip mall since this restaurant occupies a unit in a freestanding building that's well away from the main "strip" portion.  Still, for those of you that avoid the strip mall as a place to eat, you'll likely want to avoid this as well, because it is in fact pretty much the same as a strip mall - it's just out in front a bit.That said, if you do decide to skip it because it's located in a strip mall, you're probably missing out.  While the place just opened, and there are some growing pains, it shows promise.The night that we visited, they were absolutely packed.  This is probably because there isn't really any decent Italian that's quite as well located as they are.  Sure, you have a couple choices if you decide to go all the way to Matthews, and another if you go into Mint Hill, and still others if you want to go into Charlotte.  But at this midway point?  Let's face it - there isn't much of anything, and if the crowd is any indication, they are clamoring for something decent.Service was good, an impressive indication for a new business.  Though the restaurant is smallish, it was well-staffed, so even the large crowd didn't seem to intimidate them, and we felt comfortable without having to wait - even though we dropped in on a spur of the moment in a bit of a rush.  Service was quick and friendly.  The only downside was a bit of an inconsistency.One server would bring your drink with a lemon, one without.  Some tables would have bread plates, some would not (we did not).  Places were set with silverware - generally.  Our glasses were usually kept full.  The bread we received was good, but it was heated unevenly.  All in all it was an impressive opening weekend from a service perspective.The menu appears solid, but we came for the pizza, and from what we observed, so did everyone else.  There were a few folks who had pasta, but a large percentage of the tables had pizza.  Even the people who had pasta had pizza as well.  This could be a good sign or a bad one - if they opened hoping for larger tickets it might be a disappointment to them (this could be the case, it's a bit nicer than your average pizza joint).As to the pizza itself: It was good.  The ingredients were tasty.  I personally don't like my crust as thick, but the crust was good.  It wasn't a deep dish by any means, but it was thicker than I like.  And it wasn't heavy by any stretch of the imagination.  It just wasn't my favorite.  But it wasn't bad either.  We may have to stop back in after they've been running for a few days or weeks to see how things shape up.
4	I would give Angela's 5 stars but the paper towels in the bathroom needed replacing and the caesar salad wasn't my favorite. However, the salad did grow on me (I'm not used to so many croutons- but I think that's what most people like about salads- yes?) The portions were generous and the food was delicious. I had a green pepper pizza pie (small- and it was plenty with the larger size salad- I have half the pizza left for a snack before bed!). My husband had the sausage linguine- THREE good-sized sausages! We were impressed.Bobby was our server. He was attentive, professional and willing to laugh. Our beverages were kept full. The restaurant is entirely smoke-free (YAY!!!) AND still has a small bar. The lighting and music were perfect. Next time I may prefer sitting toward the middle instead of off to the side only because when the dessert case is opened a bright light is released (I saw many people go toward the light and they seemed to enjoy it). But nevertheless, our experience was overwhelmingly pleasant and we will be back... soon!
5	It was a twenty four minute drive. Was it worth it?  HELLLL YEAHHH!!!So after at least five different people had thrown the name ANGELA'S my way with recommendations, I gathered a group of four and off we went. It was  Friday and  although this place was packed we didn't have to wait to be seated. We opted for for the great patio dining they offer and the inside was full  with the patio quickly catching up. I thought to myself , if this is in any way a sign of the  food we are about to sample , we hit the jackpot here!And it absolutely was an indication of fantastic food.(Not to mention the attentive, friendly service that kept up with this busy place) Two of us ordered off the board . My dish was shrimp and scallops in a Gorgonzola cream sauce with portabello mushroom raviolis (are you drooling?) Another board special was the fillet with a Chianti sauce .Now for the traditional menu items they went for veal parm and the comment was "holy crap do I even need a knife" yes they use real veal that is prepared to perfection.Last but not least was an eggplant parm dish that sent her to Heaven (she did not share) So she might of been lyingBut I'll make sure to go back SOON and verify the truth of that for you with great pleasure.
5	I really enjoy giving a 5 star review almost as much as I enjoy great Italian food (Yes, I'm a transplant from the North)So this is why I am back to update Angela's first 5 star review.This place is worthy of both. Another five star review and another compliment of serving up some great Italian food.(IMO I happen to think it's the best in Charlotte)I have tried many others, some even at the cost of a higher priced tab and was left far from impressed.If I could sum up in one word how great this restaurant is it would be *consistently*They are consistently delicious. Never have I been sorry for ordering a dish.Since my first visit/review I have tried almost all they offer including the pizzas which also can be included IMO of being best in Charlotte.Took friends last night to indulge in some fine Italian cuisine and some pre Holiday Christmas cheer and the place was decorated with such inviting Christmas decor. No Bah Hambug here. Tis' the season for giving another 5 star review to you Angela's!
5	If Angela's had a million dollar budget for marketing, it would not matter. Fact is, no dollar amount could ever purchase the raving word of mouth this place is supported by.You can't put a dollar amount on a satisfied customer boasting about their favorite Italian restaurant in Charlotte. Based on my own experience, I have run across many fans of Angela's,both in and out of the restaurant. While dining, I have actually had neighboring tables recommend their new favorite dish I should try.  While waiting for takeout at the bar I've run across some regulars telling me "everything on the menu is great".YES ,  I AGREE !  And there are even times when Angela's name and good reputation was a common factor to perfect strangers on the street.In fact, I myself had tried out the place due to a recommendation nearly two years ago. There are some nights when I go for dinner and they are packed.  Wait time is usually kept short , unless I have brought a group of people.  On the other hand there are times when you have your pick of a table which almost makes me sad. It is hard to believe that a place like this would ever be without a line out the door. The food is delicious, the restaurant itself has personality that sparkles due to the friendly service and the devotion that shines through from the owners themselves.The portions are ample and the price is perfect in today's struggling economy.  Their website coupons change up from time to time which makes for more of a deal.Pizza is one of my favorite things and it is ny style super good but they have things on the menu that will give my favorite a run for it's money.The Chicken Linda is like nothing else  (chalk board special) and the Zuppa di pesce is memorable.  If they don't prepare the sausage and meatballs in house, I've been fooled.  But maybe that's because of that incredible sauce they serve it in.  Talk about memorable  (I am of Italian heritage for what it is worth)Half star deduction for the tiramisu which is not house made but still good and half star added back for their fresh cannolis.Charlotte Observer wrote that this is a restaurant that is "most passionately supported". After being a customer for nearly two years I fully understand that I might have contributed to that title with pleasure.
3	I went to Angela's last Saturday for lunch, with my partner and my "might as well be in-laws". I have lived within 5 minutes of Angela's for nearly 2 years now, and this was my first visit. I now know why...We walked in, and the place was COMPLETELY deserted, at 1pm. (Their lunch service runs from 11am - 2:30, so we were pretty much smack-dab in the middle of that).  I didn't expect the place to be hopping, but also didn't expect the place to be completely devoid of customers. I didn't take it as a good sign. The lack of any other customers made for a very somber dining experience.After perusing their large menu, I ordered the 'Rigatoni alla Vodka'. I make a kick-ass Penne Vodka, and wanted to compare notes on a similar dish. It was good, but not great. I will say that the pasta was cooked the way I like it, al dente, which was a plus. No mushy rigatoni here. The onions in the creamy red vodka sauce were red onions, which struck me as an odd choice. I love all onions, so I was fine with it, but still - weird. All in all, it was good, but I think I would try something else next time. The other dishes ordered were a Chicken Alfredo special of the day, Pollo alla Piccata, and Gnocchi alla Sorrentina. They brought us two twee loaves of hot bread after we ordered, with (sub-par) olive oil and balsamic for dipping. Salads do not come with the entrees during lunch or dinner service.  All of our dishes were between $8.25 - $10.Our server was nice enough, but just didn't seem to "click" with us. She acted as if it was a pain for her to refill my unsweetened iced tea (the rest of the table had sweet tea), which annoyed me. We didn't sample the wine list, unfortunately (I still can't bring myself to order a drink when the in-laws don't), so  I can't comment on that aspect. We did look at the dessert menu, only to close it in disgust. It was strange. It was a pre-fab frozen desserts you've never heard of wonderland. No Tiramisu? No Panna Cotta? No Gelato? Very disappointing for a restaurant trying to do "authentic Italian".  (Also the dessert menu was on cheapo, dirty white cardstock, with horribly dated looking photos, with "Angela" on the top. Seeing as how the restaurant is called "Angela's", officially, this also seemed like a big whoops).I wasn't COMPLETELY turned off, so T and I will probably go back to try the pizza and wine at some point. I hope there are some other customers then! I'm hoping the ambiance and mood would seem cheerier with other folks around.
4	What's not to love about this place?  Great pizza, great pasta, and great service from Stephany(thanks girl).  There was live music Friday night, which added to a great evening.  I think I may have finally found a real Italian spot in Charlotte:-)
2	Ok, so I decided to go back and try something else on the menu being that I'm still in Italian mode.  It was Saturday around 3:30 and it was basically empty since lunch ended around 2:30.  I ordered the Chicken Vesuvio which was really good, however the service was not on point.  My waiter was also the bartender and since I was the only person there and a couple was sitting at the bar he understandably had to split his time between us(not a packed dining room).......so why am I waving my hand like a 1st grader to get some service?  Geez........I was so pissed when I left it will probably be a minute if I decide to return.
3	More than three years since I'd been here (or written about it)?  No way.  Time for an update!Frankly, I'm a little amazed that they are still in business.  Not so much because of anything except the fact that every time we go by there is almost no one in the parking lot.  The place is empty.  In fact, when we pulled in at about 6pm, we were the only diners.  There had to be a half-dozen staff standing around with nothing to do.Does that mean good service?  Unfortunately not.  It was about average.  Though others might be better, our waitress really didn't seem to have a clue about much of anything.  She could have been training, but at the rate this place goes through patrons - which is not quickly - she might be working at it for a while.When the food came, things picked up a bit.  The prices are a bit on the high side for what you get.  After all, it is an outpost in the middle of a shopping center parking lot, and it is a plate of pasta.  I'm sure there are places that serve pasta that are worth it, but here?  Not so much.I decided to go with a "meat roll" instead.  Luckily it turned out well, and had a good portion too.  Otherwise they might have come in with an even lower rating.  In fact, if you stick to this area of the menu, you might be pleased.  Otherwise?  A little much for what you get.
3	Finally gotten a chance to try Angela's and I was a bit taken aback.  It's very unassuming on the outside, but nicely decorated on the inside... I felt a bit bad walking in with a t-shirt and shorts.The menu is pretty big with a ton of options.  I ended up getting a glass of Cab Sav and the special:  baked cheese ravioli.  It was very good.Our waitress was polite... a bit absent at times.  Didn't really affect the meal though.The house salad dressing a creamy tomato basil dressing was pretty good.  At first I almost defaulted to ranch, but our server listed all of them off.The portions are big, and the prices are  proportional to the dishes.  I'd say it's a solid 3-star that I want to give 4 to, but nothing really wowed me about my first visit.
3	So we headed to Angela's for my cousins birthday and to Chad E's amazement I am sure,  the place actually had quite a crowd. According to my grandmother Frank Sinatra was there...but really it was just a guy and his keyboard - playing my way like one would except. He was good, not great. I was a bit sad I couldn't order the smaller lunch portion since I wasn't super hungry but prices were reasonable (about $13 for dinner portion lasagna- and a salad). I opted out of bread since the table ordered garlic knots. I've had better at pizza places- not a fan of warm bread products being sold with chilled marinara. They also did not have a personal pizza option so my cousin was left with a pizza that could have easily been split three ways - which is fine for leftovers but kind of bad if you are looking to have one calorie laden day not two or three. My lasagna was meat-centric. The meat was a bit salty but I probably wouldn't have noticed if it had been used just slightly less. It looked more like a pile of mashed Parmesan-covered meatballs then lasagna. Very sparse on noodles and an even smaller amount of mozzarella : ( .  Taste-wise the sauce is great, and this could be one of the best in town if they just used the proper proportions. The birthday celebration portion was great. We were served a delicious chocolate raspberry cake that had a sparkler on top. The entire restaurant (led by Frank of course) sang happy birthday...not for the bashful but certainly a lot of fun.Service wasn't anything out of the ordinary but when we left the hostesses did an excellent job of making sure our meals were satisfactory.
3	Pleasantly surprised.  Atmosphere for dinner was outstanding.  The food was good but not great...but the service was exceptional.  A well educated and attentive staff made for an enjoyable evening.  This is definitely a romantic hidden gem.
3	I can't believe these 5 star ratings.  Yes it is a good Italian restaurant and I give it a high 3 stars but the last star is only because it is here.  I am another northern transplant and am amazed at these reviews. I have eaten there many times since they opened. Sometimes great, sometimes, not so great. One visit I had pasta in a cream sauce which was outstanding. The next I had watery Chicken Marsala and on another visit, Lasagna that was passable in the way Stouffer's is. Service is usually good although parts of the seating is more like eating with a large family (too close) and when you are sitting next to a very loud obnoxious woman from NJ (she announced that several times) it makes you wish you were an orphaned only child.  Maybe she was the same person that recommended a dish to another rater.   It is a good restaurant that I would hate to see close (as another Italian restaurant nearby did) but not because it is a five star restaurant or 'the best in Charlotte'.  Pure hyperbole.  It is what it is....a passable Italian restaurant.
5	I have been going to this restaurant for the past several years and thought it was time to give a review.  It is always a great experience.  The food is great and so is the atmosphere.  The staff is friendly and always keeping a watchful eye on their guests' needs.  I would recommend this restaurant to everyone.
5	Best tomato sauce in Charlotte (so far, always looking), great Italian entrees and pizza, live Sinatra music on weekend nights, def recommend this mom and pop restaurant.? I recommend the raviolis!
5	Angela's is probably my favorite place in Charlotte and certainly the best Italian food around. If I lived closer I'd eat here all the time.Everything I've had here has been delicious. I typically get the Veal Parm. It's tasty and tender. I've also had spaghetti, gnocchi, and chicken Parm, and they have all been outstanding. I can also vouch for the eggplant rollatini - one of my wife's favorites. The appetizers have been great.  We've had the calamari and the mozzarella caprese on several occasions, and they have been great. I don't usually get dessert, although I had a cannoli the once. Home run!!To top all of that off, the prices here are very reasonable. Most entrees are in the $10-15 range.  You're getting the best Italian food in the area for a price that's almost half of what other joints are charging.Angela's is a can't miss!
4	I had the pizza here recently. It was incredible even though I just had the run of the mill pepperoni pizza. The pizza sauce was just delicious and tasted very fresh. The prices could be a little better, but it is definitely worth it. Great pizza some of the best I've ever had.
5	I have been eating here since they opened.  The food is always great, the service is always great, you can't ask for a better Italian restaurant.  Linda, one of the owners will go out of her way to make sure you feel like family.
5	There is the best Italian Restaurant in Charlotte! This is a family favorite and Charlotte's best Italian food! My parents introduced Angela's to my wife and I and it became an instant favorite. We live 30 minutes north of Charlotte and it's ALWAYS worth the drive. The staff is extremely friendly and makes you feel at home. When you sit down, you are welcomed with hot bread and butter. When it's time to order, my wife and I usually get the eggplant parm. The meal comes with a salad. It's always cooked perfectly and the sauce is unbelievable, fresh and flavorful. I would say it's the best sauce in Charlotte. Portion size is perfect.We have also had their Chicken Vesuvio. This was my Mom's favorite. She loved the different flavors the plate offers. The chicken is always cooked perfect; tender and full of flavor. The pizza is good too. Fresh dough made daily and the sauce is always good. They put the perfect amount on too. Pizza needs the perfect amount of sauce. The ingredients are always fresh. It's a must. You'll enjoy the meal and you'll be back!
3	Good food, not so great atmosphere. I love their pizza as well as many other dishes.  I prefer to order for pick up rather than eat in because it seems they always have far too many people working when there aren't any customers. Every time I go in the staff (comprised mostly of teen girls) are congregated socializing, which is highly unprofessional. I always feel like an outsider there. If you aren't a regular, expect a rather cool reception.  We've had a good experience there, but it was only one time out of many.
3	I eat here often because I live really close and is sometimes too lazy to go another mile or so down the road.  I am in love with the fettucine alfredo, I just hate that more than likely it will always too much to eat that day when you heat it up the next day it's nothing but oil.  So when I do get it now I just throw it away, yeah I know a waste of money but it's no good the next day.  As of late I've been on a cheesesteak high since steak and hogie moved and they are nasty now.  But the cheesesteak is pretty tasty I love the bread can't go wrong with that or the caesar dressing.  However my beef is the tiramisu it is too expensive to get the little cup that they give you.  You can get that same tiramisu from Harris Teeter pay 2 dollars less and it taste no different.
4	You know what, good for you Angela's...against all odds, you hold your own...Kudos to you!This place is located in a very unassuming shopping center off of Margaret Wallace Road.  There used to be a snowcone place on the same strip and it was robbed so they closed down.  The gas station across the street tends to bring about every criminal in the greater metro area and truly there is nothing else on this side of town worth your while so you have to be intentionally seeking out Angela's if you don't live in this area.All that to say---even though it doesn't have the glitz and glam or the notoriety of other restaurants, they truly do hold their own.  Their pizza is very good (crispy crust, not soggy), their meatballs and marinara sauce are very good (trademark of any good Italian restaurant), their calzones are tasty and even their salads are good.  The atmosphere is that of a typical, old school Italian restaurant..nothing great. I would say if you happen to be in this area then stop by...but chances are you aren't going to be in this area if you don't live over here but I would advise making it your business to give Angela's a try if you are craving good solid Italian food.  We all know that Charlotte is hurting a little bit in terms of authentic Italian restaurants and Angela's definitely puts a band-aide on that problem.  Give them a try, they won't disappoint.
5	What to say about Angelas? The Best Italian Food in the area. Pasta fagioli, lentil, italian wedding soup all my favorites and they are fresh. Had the veal special and it was scrumptious,  tender in tomato sauce that was really gravy as in tomatoes flavored by the juices from the veal. Not a bad dish in the place and we have sampled quite a few. I have recommended this place to EVERYONE I know lol!
5	Best Calzone i have ever had!
4	If you're a fan of NY style pizza, this is the spot.  Big slices dripping of grease and cheese that reminds me why I haven't had pizza from chain restaurants like pizza hut in years.  Incredible taste.  This is really the only thing we order so I cant recommend anything else except for the Tiramisu for dessert.  Staff is always friendly and attentive.  Wednesdays there is a special for two large pizza pies for $17.  Cant go wrong.
4	So I just discovered this place recently. Well, I knew it was here but I just hadn't stopped in. That changed a few weeks ago. Got a recommendation from a fellow employee and decided to check it out. I stopped in for lunch and did a take out order. I got the Philly Cheese Steak and fries. Wow, that's a lot of food. 11" sub & a bucket of fries. The cheese steak was really good. I've been back since and the last two times I've gotten the meatball parm sub. For 8 bucks, this is a tasty and filling lunch option. No sides come with it but you don't need them with the size of this sandwich. Great flavor and I like the soft and chewy bread. Fair warning: let that thing cool down a bit, it'll gitcha if you're not careful. A burnt mouth: ain't no one got time for that.
5	We ate at Angela's while in town for a cross country meet. After reading the reviews we figured it was worth a shot. Thank goodness we did decided to give it a go. The food was outstanding. The service was equally matched. The atmosphere is great. It was Friday night and the place was packed. We had the prosciutto and mozzarella to start and then went with a pizza. The ingredients were fresh and the dough was very tasty. Thumbs up to Angela's!
3	3 stars for the NY style pizza. The decor was a little nicer than usual for this type of venue and they have a an outdoor patio for nice days. We kept it simple, a large pie with extra cheese, that's all.It was a big pie,with a generous amount of cheese. The crust tasted RIGHT, like salty Italian bread and not this buttery sweet dough that seems to be common today. The tomato sauce tasted good as well so it was all good.Why not 4 stars? Because the dough needs to better stretched, with the crust thinner and more consistent - it was very thin on center but a bit too thick overall. Also it was toasted a little too long, and a bit burned on the outside. The pie at the next table was the same so it was not a fluke - still, better crunchy than than soggy. The other thing was the tomato sauce was good but lacked spices. All together a perfectly good classic pizza, nothing more, nothing less.
4	The food at Angela's is delicious and one-of-a-kind! You get a lot for your money-a soup or salad to start with some hot, homemade bread, a large portion of a meal, and a good atmosphere. My usual is Fried Calamari with extra lemon to squeeze on top, Pasta Fagioli soup to start with, and their homemade Chicken and Spinach Lasagna! This definitely fills me up but you need to save some room for dessert (Lemon Cello Cake!). I have tried a little bit of everything off their menu and haven't been disappointed!
4	Great Sicilian Pie! Having just came down for NY finding a good pizza was seeming endless! Great food great atmosphere.
3	We ate here last night with the kids.  I thought they were closed down but was nicely surprised to see the lights on. My husband got a cheesesteak sandwich (duh). It was really good. I got the chicken Marsala and oh my, I'll be going back just for that. I was a little disappointed that they charged $7 for a kids' portion of noodles with Alfredo sauce, but....it was hands down the best Alfredo I have ever tasted. Ever. Best. My other kids shared a pizza, which had the potential to be outstanding but the underside of the crust was burnt so that kind of ruined the taste. Our server, Michelle, was extremely gracious and patient with us. We were really excited to be there for whatever reason and she was great. It's too bad I can't give 3.5 stars.
1	Hard to believe what I am reading about this being the next best thing to real Italian food!  This food is gross!!!!! No flavor, unseasoned and definitely NOT GOOD ITALIAN!!!!!  And, the prices are very high for what you get!  The sauce is definitely NOT an old family recipe - tastes like it came out of a can and it tastes like it too!! There are way too many GOOD Italian restaurants in Matthews, Mint Hill and Charlotte, so do yourself a favor and skip this place and go to someplace other than Angela's that gives you a great meal, includes a salad and is worth the money you pay.  Also, the service is slow and the servers act like they are doing YOU a favor by waiting on you.  One on my pet peeves is leaving dirty dishes on the table and these lazy servers don't hesitate to do this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Run to another restaurant - NOW!!!
1	Well Angela's did a redo  great and wonderful. I say it was a major miss, a few weeks ago me and my daughter ate here after they reopened and supposedly got their selves together.  Well we were greeted after a few minutes, that's odd because no one was in the restaurant, the waitress attitude was a little better than the food.  She had a problem every time I asked for something which is crazy because that's her job and all.  Other customers decided to eat in as well, one of the "NEW" employees or family members however you slice it went and got donuts for every one so all of the waitresses gathered at a space behind the bar and chugged their mouths with donuts while customers willing to pay for the food and bad service stood at the door and waited patiently.  The new guy behind the counter rung the bell like 4 times before one of the new employees thought that it was a good idea to seat the customers.  Hardly any of the tables were set with the items that all tables are supposed to have. You know like salt, pepper, silver ware, things of that nature. The food, well the salad that came with the meal was the best part, I guess it's kind of hard to mess up a salad.  The bread was also the same, but the noodles well let's say they took being al dente to a whole new level, not good taste like rubber almost, the sauce couldn't even cover that taste.  Any who I promised to never go back, the owner isn't nice but ok.  So today my daughter wanted noodles and her dad thought it would be a good idea to give Angela's another try well the only difference is we didn't eat in the establishment we took it to go.  The salad good, the fettuccine well it was a group of noodles stuck together, as if they threw them in the pot and didn't stir them before they fused together by then it was too late, and of course they didn't redo them.  I didn't even feel like returning them, because like I mentioned before the owner isn't nice. Will not be returning.
5	What a marvelous meal. Extra friendly staff. The veal was wonderful. We had a great time and great meal.
2	Not sure how this place has 4 stars.  I've had a salad,cheese steak and the pizza.  I recently relocated here from NY and have been trying the Italian places out around town.  I visited on 2 separate occasions and the second was simply due to a group decision.  Mehhh. . if you have too I guess, but if you're looking for good Italian seek else where.
