5	i dont know where to begin an amazing place as well as the work they do here... the employees do everything they can to make your experience the best relaxing they can.. they have resonablle prices you always walk away happy.. this is my second favorite nail and spa to go to... they make you feel like a celeb!matt does the best work here so make sure you ask for him ...
5	i dont know where to begin an amazing place as well as the work they do here... the employees do everything they can to make your experience the best relaxing they can.. they have resonablle prices you always walk away happy.. this is my second favorite nail and spa to go to... they make you feel like a celeb!matt does the best work here so make sure you ask for him ...
5	Tina is amazing with an eyebrow wax, anyone who comes to her once will never let anyone else touch their eyebrows!
5	They are amazing! I was there 3 weeks ago they were really nice to my girlfriend and myself! we are going back today! I received so many compliments on my nails and perfect pedi!
5	The woman who does the waxing here does do a fabulous job! Thanks for the reviews ladies. She did a really fast and thorough job and the price was affordable too! She even let me have the magazine I couldn't seem to put down :)
5	This is the only place in the state of arizona I will go to to have my nails and waxing. Honestly I feel like family when I go here!
2	Underwhelmed.  I feel like I seriously overpaid for a full set plus gel at $50.  I had a difficult time communicating to them what it was that I wanted (more my fault really than theirs), but the woman running the front kept adding services to increase the cost.  I didn't ask for a manicure on top of the set, but they gave me one, then charged me $5 for it.  And all they did was cut my cuticles.  Any time I've gotten a set in the past, they cut my cuticles as part of the cost, so the cost for that is included in the general price.  Not here.  Typically, a manicure also includes a hand massage,at least a brief one, but not here.  The ladies who performed the manicure and applied the set were perfectly friendly and nice, but I kept telling the woman that I type constantly, so I needed the set cut really short.  And here I am now, barely able to type a thing because the nails are too darn long!!  I should have more vigilant about telling her how short I wanted them, but she told me they would be short enough for typing.  I don't think so, at least not for typing comfortably.  Plus the nails are very inconsistent.  Some corners are quite rounded, while others are sharp enough to stab someone with.  And there are bubbles in the topcoat of two of the nails.  You'd think for $50 there wouldn't be bubbles.  I'll probably go back there to get the nails taken off in two weeks just because it's so close to where I live, but I'll not be a repeat customer, methinks.  Plus the lady who runs the place is a little strange.  She kept coming over to inspect the work of the woman doing the nails, and commenting on how short my nails were.  Well of course they're short, that's why I'm getting the fake ones!  I realize the short length of my natural nails makes it more difficult to apply the acrylics, but does it really take the input of two people to do it?!  Really though, all of this would have been totally forgivable if the price hadn't been so high.  Maybe I just haven't had fake nails for awhile and this is what everyone pays now, but I think this was too much.  If I could have gotten out of there for $40, I would have been happy enough.
4	They have a nice selection of uv gel colors here plus designs.
1	I would like to rate this location less than one star! I'm glad I called them prior to making an appointment. The male who answered the phone just now was EXTREMELY rude. I called inquiring about their prices and the guy began to raise his voice at me over the phone and began to talk over me - WOW!  He literally stated "ma'am if you think that's pricey, I'm scared for you to come in here" I'm speechless! I was only looking for manicure gel sets that would fit my budget so I was doing my research on what I could possibly get (I wanted to give gel a try for the first time) . Who ever answered the phone needs to learn how to provide great customer service and learn some damn phone etiquette. I just moved in the area and I would've been a regular. Not anymore! If they're rude on the phone, I can already imagine the service. -speechless
1	Had the worse nail experience here. I asked for a nail trim and a fill. The woman cut off some of my skin said "sorry" and passed me off to someone else. Wtf?! Definitely not going back!
1	Went in for a gel manicure and the lady who did my manicure was nice. However, she left the gel a bit bubbly. I was in a rush and had no time for her to correct the gel color so I proceeded to pay.  It was my first time here and obviously I did not know that you can only pay with cash and debit cards. I only had my credit card. The man or owner of the shop was extremely rude and yelled at me because I didn't have any cash. He stated to read the signs and in and before I knew it, he grabbed my card out of my hand and processed the payment. Not only did they do a horrible job for a $30 manicure but on top of it, the worst customer service ever! I would suggest placing the ONLY CASH & DEBIT CARD sign were it is actually visible and not next to the hidden card reader. Never going there again and taking my business elsewhere!
1	My mother and I had been going to UR nails since the new management took over about 10 years ago. We had always been treated with the best service until this last year. A friend had gotten my mom a gift certificate  for 100$ and we all went in one day for a pedicure and Tina's husband was very rude to us and told us we needed an appointment. We never needed an appointment before! He was very rude so my mom asked for the money back for the gist certificate so we can take our business else where and he didn't even hesitate and practically through the money at her. We now go to a nice salon off 91st and McDowell. We will never go back there
1	WORST Eyebrow wax EVER!!!!! The famous "Tina" everyone else raved about messed up one of my eyebrows and didnt do such a clean job on my lip wax. Not impressed at all. 5 thumbs down.
