1	I had this Company move my Family the end of July 2011. The owner at first was a great help to my family and allowed me to pay half in cash and the remainder by check, which was great. However that was the end of anything considered positive. He sent 3 guys that complained about the move and was certain as they walked in only 1 room of my home that it was to a 8hr job, when I was quoted half that. Long story short 9hrs later after they had milked the clock all they could. We began to beg the movers to finish getting our belongings off of the moving truck, as everything was just being unloaded into our garage the entire day except the large items such as sofas and TVs that they reluctantly place in the house. Our cream colored sofa has a large black greasy hand print (that we can't get out) on it. The day had dragged on so long because the pace they had set from the beginning. My youngest son even had to overhear one of the movers say " This is Bullsh*t". It took well over 90 minutes for the drive between houses which is normal about 20 minuet drive. The 3 of the movers had several instances where they were in our garage on their cell phones. The entire 9 hours our entire family helped by moving boxes to the driveway as a staging area. Prior to the movers' arrival we had everything Taken apart (Beds, ECT) and placed in 2 rooms, but it still did not speed up the process at all! It got so bad about 5 hours in that it was oblivious by the way they were loading the Box truck with all the unused space they left. That they were also going to try to get the move to take longer with excess trips having to be made between the homes. So to speed up the process, as a last resort we went and got a flatbed trailer and packed that up ourselves. I was very upset by this point because I had requested for 3 movers and a VERY large truck, and 9+hours later and they want to charge $800.00 (which is NOT at all reasonable for what they did, let alone the damage cost I incurred that day) so I paid $200.00 in cash the day of the move hoping we could speak to the owner about the blatant milking of time during the move and the damages caused by his movers. They didn't even bring hardly anything in the house let alone assemble anything; we had to do 2 loads on our own. We felt horrible on our moving day we were up that day from 5:00am to 10:00pm and was exhausted. I thought the reason you hire movers is to lessen the emotional and Physical strain of moving rather than doing it yourself.   As they unloaded the moving truck boxes were dropped which as you can see from his email below, the owner blames our packing. (Even though we used bubble wrap on anything breakable and also we marked FRAGILE clearly visible on all boxes that were breakable) It could not possibly be his movers poor handling and complete disregard of our items, one of my large decorative trees was knocked over and the setting it was in knocked loose and all the topping in the pot spilled onto the sidewalk and not one of the movers attempted to pick it up, my sons had too. As we began to notice damages throughout the day like the sofa we called and talked to DAVE the owner and he had completely dismissed us. So after this horrific day we called Dave again about the damages still no concern if we even got a response. I did not receive a decent response until I had to place a stop -pay on the remainder of the payment for the move. At that point it seems I had gotten Dave's attention in a negative way because not only did he write the email in regards to the pictures of our damages that I have included below, but threatened the file criminal charges for writing a bad check and for theft of services. When we could have solved this situation civilly or through small claims and I was fine with either. Throughout all of this it got so bad that the owner even called my wife a Bit*h and began calling me that my family  " White Tra*h! " type of racial slurs. I'm just hoping to keep someone's family from having to do business with someone like this; I wish I could have known.....See his email... In response I am not comfortable in fixing my furniture with a marker! I ask would you?I do have a group on facebook , with more infomation just search company name in groups
5	Taurus moving is a great moving company and I will definitly refer my family and friends!  They showed up on time and the guys were very nice and hardworking.  The price was reasonable but most important it was clear with no hidden/extra charges.  I have heard stories about companies offering a very low rate and then racking up the charges when the work is done.   They worked at a good pace and handled our furniture with care.  I am very pleased with Taurus moving for making our move as painless as possible.  Thanks again!
5	David and his crew are amazing! I've used them twice myself and have recommended them to several friends who have been just as pleased. These movers are fast, friendly, careful, and reasonably priced. Go with them, you will be glad you did.
5	I highly recommend Taurus Moving Company.  No hidden charges.  David and crew were great to work with.  I was a little nervous about hiring a moving company but after talking to David he eased my mind and was true to his word.  He came with 3 men as he said he would and they we're  on time.They all worked very hard.  I would use them again.  Thank you Taurus Moving Company for a pleasant moving experience. Don & Shirley Ross
5	My elderly mother hired Taurus Moving, after finding good reviews on Angie's List. Those reviews were right. David and his crew were great! They arrived on time, well equipped for the job of packing/moving expensive and fragile things, and got the job done quickly and professionally. The guys were friendly and helpful, and they did an awesome job. The whole family was impressed. I have no reservations at all about recommending them with five stars.
5	These guys are really GREAT! I hired Taurus moving to pack up and move my entire house to a new location in town. I own a fairly large home and almost every piece of furniture that I own is large and bulky.They arrived 15 min early and the owner himself was there on a Sunday! His crew of guys were very friendly, professional and above all ready to work. They wasted no time getting right at it and before I knew it they had my entire house safely packed up in the truck. (Less than 2 hours for sure!)Now the fun part, not only did they go out of their way to make sure that none of my furniture was damaged they very managed to figure out a way to get my 120" sofa through a window avoiding me having a melt down! Hats off the Taurus Moving for doing a great job and for me the ONLY movers to use in the area!
5	I was very pleased with the service I received from Taurus! The guys were very nice and they were very quick! I had to have a treadmill and elliptical moved up the stairs and they were able to get it up there with very little problem. Also, they were way earlier than anticipated and I appreciated that they called to let me know instead of standing me up and deciding it wasn't worth their time. I also had them move everything out of my garage. I was pretty nervous that they were going to take there sweet time so they could charge more, but there as none of that. They were here and gone in just about an hour! Very pleased and will be using this service again.
5	These guys are awesome!  Good Movers in general are hard to find, but David Torres and the team were beyond professional, courteous, polite, fast, and careful. They moved five bedrooms, garage and a basement and back yard storage from Tulsa to Phoenix. They arrived early packed the entire house in one and half days then loaded in one day drove it all here kept it safe for two days until we closed on our house and then unloaded in a matter of a few hours. I would recommend these guys to anyone and I mean anyone. I will never call upon anyone else to do moving for us and when someone ask it will be simple. Call David at Taurus. Thanks guys for your hard work.
5	Taurus moving has moved me three times in two years and they have been incredible every time. The men are courteous of your time and your things. As a single girl, they re assured me that all of my belongings would be moved quickly and carefully. They even moved me from Tucson to Phoenix! I would recommend this moving company to ANYONE because of how trustworthy, quick, courteous, and respectful they are. I will be calling them again very soon :)
1	We moved on March 28,2014. The movers themselves were awesome. Really cool down to earth guys that did a great job. The reason I am writing this review? They took with them a plastic bag full of parts that put together some of our furniture. When I realized this was missing on March 30th I emailed David right away. He said he had it and that he would drop it off to my house March 31st. On April 5th when I still did not receive this I emailed him again. He responded April 7th and said he apologized and would have it to me in the next day or so. On April 17th I emailed him that we still did not have the parts. He never responded. I emailed him again on April 19th and April 29th. I was able to reach him by phone where he had a lot of excuses but no resolution. I am 10 months pregnant and cannot put some of my furniture together. Taurus was a referral from the people we were purchasing the house from and I am so beyond disappointed in the service and lack of customer response. It is so unprofessional. I have no idea when I am going to get the parts for my furniture or how I am going to be able to put it together. It is now May 8th so I have a hard time believing that in 6 weeks this could not be a resolved issue. I have so many other important things I should be worried about, like having a baby, instead of worrying about not being able to put my furniture together because of a business owner who is "too busy" to take care of his clients. We move every year pretty much so it is a shame that we definitely will not be repeat customers over a bag of parts.
5	Awesome local movers, reliable, careful, professional and fun!  My husband and I moved this past February and David and his crew were great. I needed and mover again, this time for my Mom who came out from CT and was moving into assisted living and did not hesitate to call Taurus.  With just 4 days notice David put me on the schedule and   voila, Jason and Alex show up for the move. They were on time, fast, and made a stressful day less so because of their reliability; they actually made moving fun ( and I hate moving!). Thanks again guys, I will definitely recommend you to all of our friends!
5	We hired Taurus moving for a move into a house from a storage unit and a pod.  The crew David sent were great.  They met me at the storage unit and were early!  The truck they had was too small for the unit, but they said that they would pack it well and make a return trip which they did.  They also moved an upright piano without problems.  They were far faster than the quote David gave me over the phone!  My children were at the home during the move and all 3 of the movers were kind and thoughtful with them while moving.  We would use them again with out hesitation!
5	I've hired Dave and his crew 4 times and I will never use anyone else. They have moved everything from my entire house to getting a treadmill up to a second floor room. Always prompt, courteous and friendly. Plus they are a great value. I'm the kind of guy that does a lot of research prior to hiring someone and it really paid off with Taurus.
5	These guys are amazing!!  They are friendly, professional, and took really good care of our stuff!  I highly recommend them to all of my friends!  We have used them several times and will continue to do so!
5	The Taurus moving crew is fantastic. They are  very professional, courteous and efficient. They arrived on time and immediately started loading up the contents of our home.  They took the time to make sure all my items were handled with care. They moved our items to storage and then out of storage to our new home. A double move! I highly recommend David and his crew. We will definitely use their company again.
5	I hired Taurus Moving to move my daughter from one apartment to another here locally. They showed up right on time & got straight to work. I have moved many times & have never experienced such a quick, seamless, & stress free move! I am a Realtor, & will only recommend Taurus Moving to all of my clients from now on! Bravo David to you & your crew. Donna D.Scottsdale, AZ
5	David and his crew saved the day when Active movers no showed and Integrity movers was super unprofessional and lets just say integrity shouldn't be their name. David came over and moved us quickly and there was no damage to our things. His employees were professional as well. We defiantly will use them again and I highly recommend them! Thanks David!
5	We recently used Taurus to move us. Dave the owner was professional, on time, and went out of his way to make sure everything went smoothly. He was the only company that came out to our house to give a quote.  His crew is friendly and work well together to get the job done.  They are very careful and really make sure that your items are protected during the move.  After making numerous calls we quickly realized that the pricing for the move was the best around and we are so glad we found this company! We will definitely be referring this company to family and friends!
5	The Taurus team just finished helping us move almost our entire home in one trip. We had a heavy bar and a nice fridge which they babied like it was their own. Very quick and professional, we would absolutely call them for our next move!
