3	Enter your credit card information..chose your wash type....enter wash.....ahh clean.The automatic wash at this place is great and touch-less! I used to have to get out of my car and remove the antenna, so it wouldn't be sucked into those heavy foam sheets that touch car washes use. I never understood the point of those, but as a kid, was frightened by them. It was like your car was being engulfed and swallowed, I felt like Captain Ahab, in the belly of the white wale.   With this touch-less wash, no need to worry about antennas, mirrors, or anything else protruding from your car, or feeling like a character from classic literature. The prices are meh for what you get, just spend the extra 2 $ and get the 8$ wash. It gets your car super clean, and has a full dry at the end. 6$ bucks gets you no dry, and 7$ gets you a mediocre wash, that will make you say "did I get my car washed at all?" With the 8$ you get this special Green Foam spray stuff, and extra rinse and polish deal. This place would be 4 stars if they wash options were better, but overall it's not a bad place to get your car clean. They have vacuums and vending machines that disperse air fresheners, towels, and small bottles of armor-all...in case you are too lazy to go to AutoZone (which I am sometimes)  My favorite car wash moment:An unexpecting patron approaches "change" machine, in his attempt to get change for his 10 dollar bill, in which he plans to purchase the aforementioned green ever-green tree air freshener. He proceeds to insert said 10 bill  into machine. Clang...Clang.... like a slot machine in Vegas the change drops from the machine, as he reaches down he realized he just bought 10$ worth of wash tokens!  DOH!!!!He proceed to swear in Spanish..as his girlfriend laughs at him.  Little did he know that this Car Wash has it's own currency, and is a sovereign nation of the United States.....
1	Worthless:The "High Pressure Soap" contains no soap. I figured fine, at least I can use it to knock off some dust. I use the "spotless rinse", and 20 minutes later once my car is dry it's covered in hard water spots. So to re-iterate, save $5-10 by just rinsing your car down with the hose at home, this place does the same thing.
1	This place is so lucky I gave it three chances to score a good visit.  Each visit scored a zero, but this system made me pick at least one star. I think they skimp or short you on product through the auto wash, overcharge...guess what?  For $6 you don't even get the dryer!  This is the worst car wash I've ever been to.  What really gets me is that the wash doesn't even get to all parts of your car, each time I left with soap all over my windshield and some mirrors.  This last time prompted me to write a review as part of my pledge to never return; my car actually came out looking dirtier than when I went in, and I lost my $6.
3	U need free auto vacumes! Over all I like how I dont have some jerk standing at the automated cash machine trying for the up sell.
