3	What happened?!?!??!?! I ordered a pizza last night at around 1:30 am and I was pleasantly surprised. They were really fast, friendly, and communicated well. We ordered a 12" pizza with half cheese, and half tomatoes, mushrooms, garlic, pepperoni, and sausage. We asked for 3 ranch and a 6 pack of sierra mist, and all of it was brought to us within 30 minutes for a reasonable price.The pizza was amazing! The crust was crunchy and chewy, and the sauce was sweet and spicy. We were so impressed that my fiancee and I were talking about it all day and telling people about the place.The meat on the pizza was fantastic, especially the sausage, and it was overall so great that we ordered another one tonight.Tonight was a polar opposite of last night. We called a little bit earlier and the phone call seemed to go well. The person on the phone recognized our order and was really friendly. We got the same exact pizza and an order of mozzarella sticks. The food arrived in around 30 minutes, and everything seemed great, but once we got the pizza, I immediately noticed that there was no meat on it.  I had requested a lot of ranch since I ended up spilling all of mine the night before, and they didn't bring me the requested number, even though I had offered to pay for a lot.There was no marinara sauce for the mozzarella sticks, even though on the phone, they suggested the mozzarella sticks and that they were good paired with the marinara sauce. I was irked enough to call them around 1:30 am to express my displeasure with my pizza since we had planned to order from them tomorrow night as well. The person I spoke to on the phone was not helpful at all. When I said the pizza was wrong, he said "You wanted tomatoes and mushrooms right?"I told him I ordered a pizza with 5 toppings and read the list to him. I explained that all I saw were mushrooms and tomatoes. He had the gall to say to me, "Well, there's garlic on there too, you can't see it because it's cut up real small."Um, that doesn't explain the lack of sausage and pepperoni on there. He goes on to tell me that there's nothing he can do for me because they were about to close, and that I should call tomorrow. That's total BS in my book because he's dumping off his problem on someone else who won't know what's going on tomorrow, and I had ordered a pizza at 1:30 in the morning yesterday and had it delivered to me a little after 2 am. The pizza wasn't as good today, not only because of the lack of meat on the pizza, but also because of inconsistency in the crust. It's kind of soggy and doughy and as you pick it up, the whole slice starts to sag and the meager toppings start sliding off with the cheese. I'm giving this 3 stars for now because I'm going to call them tomorrow and see how they handle themselves. To be continued....
1	One star cause I can't give them zero. Rude Staff, horrible pizza w/ almost no toppings, refusal to correct wrong order, over priced. Stay away. Horrible,horrible,horrible!
1	Awful! Do not order from them! Placed a delivery order at 7:45pm, and finally received food an hour and a half later. We called to find out where the food was, and they blamed heavy traffic. If only there were a way we could know whether the traffic is bad...oh yeah, IT'S THE LAS VEGAS STRIP! Anyone who's been here longer than 5 minutes should know the traffic will be heavy. So we finally get the food and then we get to discover how bad it is. In all fairness, the pizza was okay. Not great, but passable. We also ordered spaghetti and meatballs, and it was the worst spaghetti I've ever had. Tasted like someone boiled a bunch of pasta and dumped canned tomatoes over it, which is probably exactly what they did. Disgusting. Not nearly worth what they charged, and definitely not worth a 90-minute wait. NEVER AGAIN. YOU'VE BEEN WARNED.
1	I ordered from here because I had a flyer. I will NEVER order from here again. Pizza was bland and generic. Crust seemed like something frozen, sauce was non existent and cheese and toppings were lacking. No flavor. More like a flatbread. Zucchini was a very small portion and most pieces were hard and cold. Wings were shriveled up and soggy and lacking any good amount of meat. Fries were ok. Like crinkle cut you'd buy at the store. They gave me 1 ranch for everything. Also ordered a 2 liter of sprite which came warm. Food took over an hour to be delivered and delivery guy didn't seem to want to accept my money. Never again.
1	STAY AWAAY! Ordered at 11pm, 2 hours later still didn't arrive, i called to ask where was it, they hanged up and now they are not picking up, worst service ever.
1	The worst of both worlds. Doesn't even rate 1 star. Ordered the margherita pizza which was bland and flavorless. Ended up putting salsa on it when I realized it had as much flavor as a tortilla chip. Delivery was extremely slow. Ordered at 11:44 and the pizza arrived more than 2 hours later. Don't order from here,  go somewhere else.
1	I had a flyer for this place under my door when i was in Vegas this past weekend. My girlfriend and I decided to give this place a go. We ordered a large veggie pizza along with the breaded mushrooms and french fries. The first thing that i couldn't get my head around was having to order from Grubhub. Is it that of an inconvenience that i can place my order and payment over the phone. I understand that they must get a lot of orders, well at least i think they do, but having to make an account and order? We were hungry so we just did it any ways. Now let me get to the food, i understand that everyone has a different way of making pizzas but damn this pizza was an utter mess. Working with cooks, i would expect a bit more effort from a "World Famous" pizzeria. The crust was dull and lacked flavor. I don't mind a pizza that is crunchy but when there is no flavor, it just asking for trouble. The pizza sauce was non existent. They must have just splashed it on and threw it in the oven.I would bite into the slice and i would just taste matzos. The cheese, had no flavor. Now the toppings, i would expect a little more with a veggie pizza. There must have been 3 of each topping which were bell peppers, mushrooms, onions, and olives. Some garlic might have been nice touch but nothing. The fries were ok. Reminded me of the crinkle cut fries from Del Taco. The fries had a seasoning salt that was ok but a bit soggy once they arrived. The breaded mushrooms were ok as well but just tasted like they were taken from the freezer and thrown in the fryer. No ranch to go with it. They were ok on their own so we enjoyed them out of everything we ate. What can i say about this place? They need to revise their recipes or be taught on how to make a decent pizza. I actually went the Gold Coast the next day and had a slice of pizza from the buffet line and it actually tasted better than this place. That goes to show a lot. If your just looking for a place to order from so you can get through the night without being hungry then give it a go. Otherwise order at your own risk. Cheers!
5	This new place just amazing , I was very satisfied with my food . delivery was very  fast , people very friendly . Recommend this to every one .thank you so much !
5	Ordered last night double bacon cheesburger pizza,It's was delicious!!!!It was a few mins late but the driver was such a great spirit he mad my night I give it a 2 thumbs up and will call every time I'm in Las Vegas
5	Ordered a Philly Cheese Steak and a large pepperoni pizza. It was absolutely amazing.  The delivery time was quick and employees were polite. The delivery driver was nice to us and dressed fashionable and decided to give him a good tip. I will order from again when in town. 5*****
4	Order last night and food was awesome had a pepperoni pizza and wings. Sauce was great. Delivery was fast and on time. will order again tonight.
1	I ordered through eat24. 35 minutes later they called to tell me they didn't have chicken fingers. After An hour I tried to call. An hour and twenty minutes later I contacted eat24 who tried to call. No response. No pizza. I got my money back but Wtf?
