5	If you work in the city centre this is a top choice for a quick delicious lunch, and apart from from best pie and chips I've had in a long time, all profits go to good causes. Ingredients are locally sourced and freshly prepared while you wait. My favourite as I said is the chicken pie, mash and peas, it's great value considering the portion size and taste. They also offer a loyalty card where your tenth lunch is free, so it makes perfect sense if you buy your lunch in every day.A top choice on Rose street and one I think everyone should support, especially considering where the profit goes.
5	Social Bite give 100% of their profits to charity and provide job opportunities for those in need - frankly you shouldn't need a better reason to be going here if you're ever in need of a sandwich in the city centre.Sandwiches, paninis etc are all delicious, and along a similar line to Pret in terms of choices and price.  They're not cheap, but they're not outrageously expensive and at least you know your money is going to a good cause.  They do excellent pies too, which come with peas, mash and gravy, and I've noticed they now have a cereal bar too for anyone hungry at breakfast time.Good food and good causes.
5	I wish other cities around the world would take their cue from Social Bites -- they manage to serve really wonderful food at decent prices and to give all their profits to charity, so you also feel good about spending your money here.  We had a really wonderful lunch -- husband had the ploughman's sandwich with carrot soup, and I had the chicken pie with mashed potatoes and lots of good gravy.  Both meals were delicious, flavorful, and hearty.  We ate in the square (forget the name, near the Scottish portrait gallery) and were really happy to have found Social Bite--if we had been staying longer in Edinburgh, we would have had lunch here again.
4	How could you not love that all the profits go to very worthy charities and they are actively making a difference in the Edinburgh community. I've been here twice now, once for a pulled pork wrap at lunch time and once for a (eek - slightly hungover) breakfast bagel. The wrap was nice, the price was reasonable and the ingredients were certainly fresh. I learnt about the idea behind Social Bite for the first time and it certainly warmed the cockles of my heart. The second time I came was quite early in the morning and despite there only being one other customer, it took about twenty minutes to get a breakfast bagel made up. This made me a bit late to work which wasn't fantastic and the bagel was pretty heavy on the grease, but I got given a lovely salted caramel cookie to make up for the wait. Very sweet little touch!They are working towards a very admirable cause and by buying lunch from here you are helping them to make a difference. Not your average sandwich joint!
5	Really lovely place to grab a bite to eat while walking Princes Street. Great service, and everything on the menu is well-priced for the quality you receive.
