4	Dr. Darzev is very nice and knowledgeable.  The physician's assistant came and spoke to me first and then she came in for further clarification.  Very personable, upbeat, laughing and gave a great explanation of what she thought was going on and why she was going to have me on the meds she prescribed.The other nurses and front office staff were also very courteous and friendly.  Very good experience and I'm glad I randomly chose her out of my insurance's "find a doctor" website haha
2	Meh, is right! This place is ridiculous. I have been going to Dr. Darzev and have never ONCE received an examination from her... I usually get seen by the PA and when the last one left I scheduled an appt with the Dr... She didn't even examine me! No checking of my eyes, ears, throat...nothing. If it wasn't for some medical student intern I probably wouldn't have had my blood pressure checked either.Also, they are horrible with getting your lab results back to you. If everything is "OK" you will hear nothing, yup...nothing. Not even a courtesy phone call to let you know your money wasn't wasted and your A-OK. I had to call and basically hound the staff before I got a call back from the nurse to go over my results.The only upside to this doctors office is that the front desk staff is friendly and that its close to my house, other than that there is nothing spectacular about this place... Ill be looking for a new doctor sooner than later.
1	Waited for over an hour and a half to be seen, only to be told they couldn't do the bloodwork I needed because I wasn't fasting. I was never told I needed to be fasting. Very unprofessional behavior and didn't really listen to what I needed.
4	These ladies were fantastic.  I just moved into town and found I had a minor infection, picked the first name from my new plan that caught my eye, and went for it.  They got me in on the same day. I was super late trying to find the place, cause the building was really hard to navigate with tiny signs and confusing directories, hence not five stars.They still whizzed me right in. I saw the nurse practitioner, then Dr. Darzev came in to finish things up.  Both the doctor and the nurse were no-nonsense, and spoke to me like an intelligent adult. The front desk staff was friendly and efficient.  They even helped me out with billing since I had just started the new job.
1	In my opinion, Dr. Darvez should really take a look at the practices that she instills and should consider each patient individually with the utmost of care. To be honest, I really liked the PA that was there last year. Unfortunately, she is no longer at this location. Dr. Darvez literally spent six minutes with me when I came in for an infection. She spent half of this time trying to discuss why I'm not on birth control. It's obvious she hasn't ever reviewed my files. Ugh!! She refused to give me a prescription for my infection until I I took an x-ray and said she would call me that evening with the results. Of course I had the x-ray taken right away. Thank goodness I didn't hold my breathe! The technician even stated that I my doctor should have prescribed me something for an infection. I never received a call back despite leaving messages with the secretary. Communication is horrible, both with patients and other medial facilities. I wasn't impressed at all by Dr. Darvez; It's too bad the other PA is no longer there.   Pros: 1) They can typically get you in on the same day; however, I'm not sure how much that matters if she doesn't listen anyway 2) The PA gave me a good referral for an endocrinologist (the endocrinologist's office had to call them three times to get my referral docs though) 3) You can get blood drawn at office if necessary 4) Office staff was kind
1	Our experience with Dr. Darzev, found her rude, arrogant and condescending.  Totally unprofessional.  Not only did she possess a nasty attitude, but it honestly didn't seem like she was familiar with practicing medicine.  When patients need to instruct the Dr. to check a child's spine during a routine annual check-up, something is not right.  We were rushed through the entire process and I have never been so upset by a doctor in my entire life.  To compliment this poor service, the Dr's assistant's had no clue why we were even there, despite the fact we scheduled an annual physical exam.  It was like the entire office had just opened that day.  Absolutely unprofessional. Although her office is in a convenient Summerlin location, driving a little further down the road is well worth the health of your family.  I could go on and on, but my job is done.............you have been warned.
