3	I dealt with 3 different people in this one phone call:Barbara- who was very nice even though I was frustrated and angry and even transferred me to another department who she thought had the ability to answer a question that she didn't know the answer to.Nameless bitch- who was patronizing and rudeJason Stanton(?)- supervisor who actually answered the questions I tried to ask the second girl and helped me solve my dilemma.30 minutes of dealing with Wachovia on my cell phone....I think I know quite a few ways my minutes could have been put to better use!
3	I have maintained an account with Wachovia (now Wells Fargo) for many years. A few times I have had serious issues with unknowns accessing my checking account and once with a cash deposit "disappearing".This review will cover the times unknowns accessed my checking account because those are the times no branch activity was involved/my interaction was solely with customer service.Once a few years ago my checking account was accessed and several payments were made to a business or businesses unknown by me for I-have-no-idea-what.To their credit, the bank called me. I didn't answer but returned their call when I got the message the next day. The customer service rep who helped me was extremely courteous and went out of her way to assure me that all funds would be returned to me, etc.I did have to fill out a little paperwork but my funds were returned right away.This instance resulted in a few overdraft items a few days later but the second customer service rep I spoke with returned those fees to my account during our conversation.***The second incidence of unknowns accessing my checking account was early 2011. I once again received a call from the bank. Several payments were said to have been made to a company that teaches ESL and one to a company that sold audio books. The total was almost $300.I was livid.The customer service rep who assisted me was an angel. I know she could hear how I was barely restraining my anger and she assured me that all would be well. Curious, I asked her how someone had gotten into my account. She said it looked like someone had most likely accessed my debit card and not my actual bank account. So no need to close my account because the bank would unlink the offending card and issue me a new one which should resolve the issue.(Which didn't really make me feel any safer because I've had friends who have had similar happen to them again and again and AGAIN, even after being issued new debit cards numerous times.)Any whooo, I got my new debit card and life continued as usual.After this incident,  I set up banking alerts. Now I get notifications when all sorts of activities occur with my accounts.
1	Started charging a monthly "service charge" out of nowhere to my debit account (effective Sept 2012).  Only $7/mo - but isn't that worthy of some notification?  I receive monthly paper statements from them.  Maybe it was buried in the fine print, not sure, but seems to me that this should be bolded somehow or should come via separate correspondence.I called their customer service department to inquire.  I now have to maintain a certain balance level or use my card X transactions per billing cycle to get that fee waived.Look, I get it.  Wells Fargo probably wasn't making much money off of my debit account, their costs are rising, they need to make up some of the gap.  No real issue with them charging me (though I swear I signed up for "free" checking for a reason years ago), my issue is the lack of notification.My primary bank, ING Direct, has stellar customer service, has never nickeled & dimed me, and has certainyl never tried to slip something in on me.  Looks like I'll be dropping my account with Wells Fargo and putting everything in ING Direct.A measly $7 cost them a customer and generated unnecessary bad publicity in a time when banks need all the good PR they can get.Boooo.
