3	For most of the year Cineworld at Fountainpark is one of Edinburgh's soulless multiplexes. This place has no character or discerning features, you could feasibly be in any city or town in the UK. Unfortunately, I have to visit here on the odd occasion as my beloved Cameo and Filmhouse don't have 3-D viewing facilities. Everything is as you would expect: overpriced snacks and drinks that come in ridiculously large sizes, hoards of teenage boys and girls on 'dates' and allocated seats (piece of nonsense, cinema seats should be a free for all!). However, for 12 glorious days every year this unassuming multiplex becomes a hub of wonderful and exciting films as the Edinburgh International Film Festival takes over. Give it a miss for the rest of the year, but pop on down for a nosey in the middle of June - you could end up seeing an amazing film that hardly anyone else has and bump into someone famous coming off the red carpet to boot.
4	Out of all the huge, evil cinemas that dominate Edinburgh, Cineworld is my favourite. It's massive, with 13 screens and it is never horrifically busy. Well except for Orange Wednesdays, but that's a given at any cinema these days. Part of the appeal of Cineworld to me is the fact you can download buy one get one free vouchers for Monday-Thursday, which is super handy and makes the whole experience a lot cheaper. The actual cinemas are pretty big, with big red comfy seats. They don't do seat allocation and the cinema can be pretty quiet at times  so you can have a good choice of seats. Obviously if you go to the first night of Twilight you will have to fight with Twihards for the best view of R Patz. Take your own sweets and treats though, as with all cinemas it's super expensive for food and drink. Avoid the popcorn- it's chewy.
3	Having worked in the Glasgow Cineworld that resembles an ill fitting Lego block in a sea of tall Georgian buildings, I appreciate the flatness of this place. Running up the stairs for hotdog emergencies on the top floor was not fun, but God damn it gave you a workout.Let's not be under any illusions - it's Cineworld. It is a faceless corporate multiplex where you get deja vu....because they're all the same. It's oddly comforting and also creepy to go somewhere new where you recognize everything, but I much emphasise how much I appreciate the low key nature of this one. Big Glasgow Cineworld is mobbed at the best of times, and this one is, by contrast, serene.Be prepared to pay a bomb for tickets, even more for popcorn, and more still for hotdogs if you haven't thought ahead to bring your own sweetie supplies. It's like every other complex of this nature but the staff are polite, it's easy to navigate, kept clean and the screens are decently sized. You know what you're going to be getting but for what it is, it'll do!
3	It's a cinema, in a bit of a clinical, not exactly character filled entertainment centre, which doesn't make it the most outrageously exciting cinema to visit, nor the most modern or attractive looking, but it is a pretty big cinema with lots of screens, and it's near town, so this makes it pretty handy.I attend this cinema a lot, so I really shouldn't complain about anything, as I've never really had any significant reason to. Cineworld shows a range of blockbusters and mainstream films, with basically any Hollywood or big name film you read about being shown here. It does sometimes show the odd independent film or a bit of world cinema, plus it always seems to have at least one Bollywood film available to view every week. The only slightly dubious screen to see a film in is screen 1...even when you're in the back row you feel like the screen is pretty close to you, as the viewing area is so narrow, so getting to the cinema early if you can, to ensure good seats, is always a good rule of film viewing thumb.
3	I must say, I do like the convenience of this place. It's just your typical cinema. Fairly clean, and smells thoroughly of popcorn. Comment on Joe A's review below: I can understand the unenthusiastic staff. I usually expect that working at the cinema is just as boring as working at any fast food retailer. So, really, I don't have very high expectations on the service. However, enthusiasm, is always nice.  This cinema has many screenings a day, offers some foreign films from time to time (which I like), and offers 3D shows (which gives me headaches really, crossing fingers that it isn't staying for good)  Anyways, not a bad cinema! Just same old same old large cinema! :)
3	As the Duke, I feel it's my duty to give Cineworld a wake-up call.Sure enough it's not their fault that every director and their dog out there are jumping on the 3D bandwagon. It's not their fault that 3D movies command higher ticket prices.But I saw Prometheus last week and was charged for ticket (theoretically; I have unlimited), extra charge for 3D movie, and a THIRD charge for 3D glasses.With the exception of Avatar, I personally do not support the new 3D fad. So I originally checked the timetable for 2D Prometheus only to find Cineworld had allocated two slots to the (cheaper) 2D version. As opposed to 6 or 7 screenings of the 3D version and a further 3 viewings on 3D IMAX.2 time slots... two. IMAX had more screenings per day.THAT is their fault.By doing this they are in many ways sheperding their customers and blackmailing them into paying more for the 3D screenings, even if they don't necessarily want to. The lack of 2D screening options removes the customers freedom of choice in the matter.Quite despicable really.Sort it out, Cineworld. Fast.
3	As large multiplex cinemas in Edinburgh go, this would be my choice by a country mile. However, that doesn't mean it's a very good cinema. It's not. The ticket prices are expensive, the cinemas are either too cold or too hot, the sound is often ropey, the picture is frequently on an incorrect ratio and is constantly being mucked about with, it feels and looks a bit dirty, and the staff are at best po-faced. And of course, everyone talks through the film. This in itself is not a trait limited to the Edinburgh Cineworld. There are plenty of plebs happy to spoil the movie by yakking through the whole thing that don't frequent this multiplex. But honestly, I don't come to this place thinking the audience will behave itself. In fact, I have the opposite perspective, and whenever I come here I try to ensure that I am as far away from other audience members as possible, because chances are they are some gobby arses that think it's acceptable to discuss the film while it's still playing. I despair. Plus the loos aren't very nice.
4	as the yelp rating says, yay! i'm a fan!  so yes, cineworld is a massive multiplex cinema which is part of a huge chain, but who says there is anything wrong for liking a chain?  this place does things right!! lots of screens so lots of movies to go see.  not just the latest blockbusters, but also smaller films that you may not expect.  and with loads of showings it's almost guaranteed you'll get a ticket for the film you want to see.  they also have 3D showings and IMAX showings, although more expensive i've been told they're worth the extra money.  additionally, the seats are clean, the popcorn is tasty, and you can save 10 percent when you book your tickets online.  maybe not the most convenient location for me as i live in leith, but it's on the 22 bus route so still super easy to get to either from work or home.so although these big chains lack the romance of the tiny independent cinemas and don't have sofas with foot rests like the Dominion, i'm still a fan and think they still deserve a good rating!  well done cineworld at fountainpark, you do your brand name proud!
3	A clean, friendly joint,10% off online tixa bit out of town
3	What to say about this place, or what not to say, well that is a question... Whether 'tis kinder to suffer the popcorn and fizzy drinks of outrageous prices, or to lay down your arms on a seat for doubles, And by immersing yourself in film? If bad, to sleep;No more 3D; we hear you say and by a sleep to say we can end, the heart-ache and the thousand natural shocks that a poorly churned Hollywood sequel would not bring;That flesh of actor could be Pitt, or Lawrence or Hanks, a chance to dream: of being involved in a Tarantino flick, or friends with Mendes, or love Cruise or fight Gibson aye, there's the rub; even if you paint your face blue nay-chance; For in the comfort of the screen what dreams may come, independents you may scream and shout for, but when we have shuffled from this mortal cinema chain, must give us pause: there's some respect, it's warm has ales and food and, makes calamity in recent movies of such long life; bearing the whips and scorns of time(CloudAtlas) be it a proud man, who tries hard but pangs of despised love, by taking partners to (Die Hard5) on Valentines Day, shame the law of love's not written as Yippie Ki A; The welcoming of cinema staff, spurns the patient considerable wait for tickets but merits unworthy, in light or darkness when asked he himself might his quietus make by switching off mobile or ipad or (Taken 2) glare at bright light by a thousand candles bear; to grunt and sweat as under weary life, to dread of song after death as found in the barricades(Les Mis), a country, time and place for which no traveller wants to return, it puzzles us because it maketh our ills so we but, bear the troubles(Brave);Than fly to others that we know not of?(Flight), thus conscience does make cowards of us all, to glimpse creative hue of resolution of a film viewed, Is but pale as verbal thoughts critique each story as it unfolds; tears, joy or something in between;With enterprises, grit determinate and momentum, reap customers t'wards and away from smaller chains, be it with muffin, coffee, hotdog, nachos or fizz - turn awry, we scorn at this, tax it all, for healths sake;To lose the name of action, - Soft you now!, don't stick with just one chain please faithfully visit them all, instead of uniting with Unlimited Card, you can just be different to forever enjoy competition; or as fair Ophelia! Nymph, for all your sins be remember'd...!Who knew writing a review of Cineworld  could be this much fun, enjoy your film?
4	I like this cinema partly because it's close to me, and also because I decided to become the proud owner of a cineworld card which is great if you're going to the cinema regularly. It's also good if you don't have a cineworld card as you can still book tickets online and get a 10% discount.Other than that it's a standard looking cinema with everything you would expect to have in a cinema. Nothing necessarily fancy but does the job!
4	This is a pretty good cinema, although not my favourite; that remains the Cineworld in Renfield Street, Glasgow... This does, however, have an IMAX 3D screen.Today, I took my son to see Pacific Rim on that screen - and it's about as perfect a movie for such a screen as you could wish for.The cinema itself is as every Cineworld is. Clean, fresh, modern, stylish and well presented. The automated ticket collection machines are a great touch for people that get there just in time, and the snacks, while overpriced as all cinema foodstuffs are, aren't too far on the steep side.Plus points for the staff too, every single one of them was friendly, pleasant and told us to enjoy the film. A little smile goes a long way, unlike some cinemas *cough*Odeon Braehead*cough*I would say that perhaps the volume is a little too loud for some - my son was covering his ears at one point - so perhaps pack some earplugs, but other than that, a fine visit, one that will be repeated.
4	I almost feel like I can't give this place four stars, but to me three stars is average or "as expected", and given expectations of any chain cinema this place goes above what I expected... in fact, it's head and shoulder's above some of the other Cineworlds that I've been to.To be fair, part of why I like this place has little to do with the place itself, but all the same I've been here enough now to say that the crows seems fairly well behaved... our outright behaved actually.  (Yes, I know, I've jinxed myself now.)  Still, it is what it is, and I haven't had that "seriously, you need to be quiet" moment here... I don't tend to go at weekends, but have attended fairly full Cineworld members previews, etc.I won't say much about the Cineworld card other than it's practically my best friend... if you live near this cinema and are interested in going a few times a month it's a no brainer... I can't imagine the amount of money I've saved, and Iove the "I'll just pop down and watch something" mentality that the card can give you... it's essentially why I go to this cinema.  (Plus, for people settling in somewhere new like me or that happily would venture to a cinema solo it's a completely different feeling getting a free ticket for one versus buying "one please"... can't explain it, it's just science... I think.Sorry, said more about the card than I intended.As for the cinema itself, it's a decent size, shows a good selection of films with surprises and more artsy fare scattered throughout most months... other than the cinema having an IMAX screen I don't think you'll find too many surprises here one way or the other.  (The IMAX screen is a bit suspect in size... it's big, and still worth it, but seems smaller than other IMAX cinemas I've been to.)It also may be due to the fact that I venture here a lot on weeknights, to try and keep myself out of the wonderful Edinburgh bars, but it never seems overly crowded save a few times I've been... I essentially always get a seat where I want, so that's another point in favour... oh, and Screen 2 gets COLD sometimes... and I like to be cold, better that than hot at a cinema for me... I'm curious as to what the winter will bring for good ole Screen 2 where the air will either be off or subbed for heat. (Hopefully it won't get as hot as it did cold during the summer.)There's also a bar, which has just moved downstairs and I've yet to try out, but it's good to know it's there... unless the bar moving means you can now take your drinks into a film you formally could not however, unlike the few Cineworlds that I've been to in London which actually let you bring your bar brought drinks into a showing.As for the food, it's cinema food... I have yet to try their hot dogs, but I hear they're better than most other cinema dogs so I guess that's a plus... otherwise no real surprises on this front either.So I'm sticking with four starts, in fact this particular Cineworld has made it harder to go to some of the others I use my card at... don't even get me started about the O2 in London!  They may have the flash of being in that centre, but it's generally a terrible experience making me appreciate the no fuss well behaved crowd here all the more.
4	Cineworld is a mainstream cinema, with big displays and not much of a character, and that's cool for lots of people. It won't bring nearly as many alternative movies as other cinemas in Edinburgh, but it surely does, only that you need to keep an eye for them, as they might stay for only a few days. I like the fact that they can bring back movies for a second screening when a "linked" movie will be shown, or when some event relates to the movie, aka. Special screenings on Valentine's day, or when a sequel is about to be released. For the more eclectic audience, you can get Royal Opera House and other theatres' shows, and you get a massive discount on them with an unlimited movies' card. I remember watching the Nutcracker a few months ago and the screen ratio wasn't correct (stretched) and it was the transmitter's issue, not Cineworld's one: the Cineworld manager apologised a few times, and during the break a full refund was offered. Thankfully, during the 2nd half of the show the image was restored. Any snack and drink are overpriced, like in most cinemas, and unfortunately you can't get your own drink or food in the cinema. I have been an Unlimited movies' cardholder for almost three years now, which means I can go to any 2D and 3D movie for free, and get discounted access to special ones including IMAX, the only one in Edinburgh. If you do go to cinema at least twice a month, it's worth considering a membership! I will be keeping mine for sure!
4	We don't normally have this as our first choice fro cinemas as it's a bit out the way for us but after trying a new Burger joint just up the road we might as well see a movie too.Our choice was Spider Man 2.  I went up stairs to find that starbucks had moved into what used to be the bar, which is handy because all i really neeed is some sparkling water to quench my thirst.The screen was clean but the seats were quite tight.  Too many naff adverts before the actual film.It's great as you can get free parking for 4 hours once you find that ticket machine that validates your card.  Please read the instructions properly!
1	I had an awful experience recently in the Edinburgh Cineworld. The IMAX feature were so loud I had to walk out. The customer service at the box office was horrible at responding to my complaints, denying me a refund because I had sat through more than 20 minutes (about 30).Would not visit again.
3	As a venue I like the Cineworld. They have big screens, wide open spaces and the occaisional premiere. Also their location is not too bad. Smack in the middle of other entertainment and restaurants.They are easy to reach as the buses 1, 34 & 35 arrive with regular intervals taking you back and fro to the rest of the city. What I don't like is the lack of personality - it is a very purposeful cinema. In - Out. no lingering in their cafe and talk the film over a beer & nibbles (Cameo) no sinking in leather sofas, feet up and drinking beer & champangne (Dominion) For what it is, it does it well. No more, no less.
