5	Ok, I've been coming here for a couple of years now, always getting a different stylist because like everything else in Vegas, they come & go & you end of spending WAY more than you expected.   Well this time I tried to do it myself & instead of looking like Katie Holmes or Posh Spice, I now resemble Lord Farquaad....guess I'll make an appointment.
5	Get a massage from Shagleen....she has an awesome attitude and give you the best massage!
5	I gave into my inner Metro and got a pedicure. I work on my feet and suffer for years after many girls and even a few guys recommended it, I wish I had done it years ago. Sarah was my tech and we live near each other, knew the same people and I had a great time. I wished it lasted longer. I can now see why women love it. As an added bonus, if you are a guy, the eye candy is great. $50+ tip and I could understand the language being spoken.
1	i went and got my eyebrows done here, and they did a disgusting job. My eyebrows don't have very much of an arch in them, but when i got my eyebrows done previously, the "eyebrow artist" made due, which was awesome! tell me why i walked out of the salon with rainbow arches for eyebrows??oh. and i paid near $70 for them to f*ck up my hair. no thanks. thankfully my good friend does hair and isn't a dumbass about wax... and shapes, so she fixed me up.the stuff is overpriced and they did a very shoddy job. and then the gir gave me attitude after i gave her a tip. um excuse me, be happy i gave you 15%... i shouldn't have given her anything.
5	Facials and waxing are the only things I'm rating this euphoria on because I haven't had any other services done here.  I've been going to this Euphoria for about four years  (they recently changed locations about two minutes south on Stephanie from the old location) and won't see anyone else to get my eyebrows done. Joanne is phenomenal. The appointments are prompt and the staff is great!Since I've been going to Joanne for so long she knows my skin type and her recommends for products are spot on. She won't try to upsell and always recommends things that are really going to improve how my skin looks and feels. The products are a little on the pricey side but they last for a bit (i.e. the skin cleanser  I use is about 40 bucks, but lasts 6 months). She walks me through how to use the product and lets me know how long they should last, how much to use, how often, etc.  Since I have such problem skin, when I get facials, she'll adjust them for my skin type to minimize irritation.  She really values customer service and will go out of her way to make sure your experience is a great one. Lee, the manager, is so sweet-always so friendly and trains her staff well in customer service! This location is pretty out of my way, but I keep coming back because the service is consistently excellent.
5	I have been getting my hair cut here for years. Lynn Bloom cuts and highlights my long curly hair. It's really hard to find someone who doesn't want to chop off all of your hair. Lynn trims what needs to be trimmed and leaves the length ALONE!  Her prices are also very reasonable.
2	I enjoy massages, in fact I am a massage therapist.  This place was not relaxation inspiring.  The waiting area felt like a spa/holistic K-Mart, so busy with jewelry and whatever the owner might be hocking, during the massage I could hear the other employees laughing and carrying on thru the walls and even over the soothing music.  I have a back that has difficult to palpate muscles, it takes a skilled massage therapist to give me a good massage and although my therapist was very nice and I could tell she tried she just didn't "hit the spot".
1	I used to work at a day spa and this place is a joke in my opinion. I can't believe how the service was. Just Horrible. I got a gift card from my Mother-in-law for my B-day, she said she loved this place. I guess they mush have hired a completely different staff by the time I got there. My husband and I both got facials by 'Jessie'. Our hour long facials turned into more like half an hour and then she tried to charge us an "up-grade" because she used a mask on my husband... his facial was supposed to come with a mask. Then we both walked out of there covered in the green mask that smelled like dog treats. We had it in our hair, our eye brows and lashes, and down our necks. The only good part was the pedi. She was an actual adult, the first one I saw there the whole time. The worst part was the 18 year old behind the counter. She treated us like dirt at check out. She tried to act like I didn't give her the gift card when it was sitting right in front of her. She told me to check my purse again. Then she said that a tip was required so I had to add it to my gift card. I told her I had already tipped in cash and she said "RIGHT" with a snarky attitude. I would never go back to this Euphoria. There right out or beauty school girls have no manners. Don't waste your time or money.
5	Euphoria continues to be my go-to for all things skin-related!I still continue to see Joanne only because when it comes to good skincare, the old adage "if it ain't broke don't fix it" couldn't be more appropriate. She has a pretty loyal following and you can guarantee that she will be booked on Friday/Saturday so I highly recommend appointments. She's really good about staying up to date on new technology and products and will make reasonable recommendations once she gets to know you and your skintype. She's not the pushy salesperson type and if you tell her no, she won't make it weird for you, which is so often a nasty flaw of aestheticians.Leigh used to be the manager here (I'm not sure who is now, I haven't met them yet) and she took the service standards pretty seriously as does Joanne. I had a not so great experience here about three years ago and told them and it was resolved pretty quickly. That stuck with me because customer service seems to be an afterthought with so many places-your service is just expected regardless of experience. That's not the vibe here and I can definitely appreciate that. I believe the new space has completed remodeling (it's been in the varying stages for the past few months as they expanded and added a tanning room), but if they haven't, be patient! It's worth the wait!edit: Nicole is now the manager of this Euphoria and she's great!
5	Love love Love this place!! I came here to see Kelly as a recommendation from a friend of mine when I was new to the area and even though I moved away from Vegas I will not go anywhere else!! I still fly every other month to see Kelly because she is THE best!!!
5	What a great find in Vegas!  The fact that they are willing to pick you up on the strip is amazing.  Instead of having to pay astronomical prices for Vegas hotels, this was a best alternative.  For $155 I got a massage AND a facial.  My girls were so knowledgeable and friendly.  The treatments were amazing...totally made to order.  I learned a lot about my skin and body!They picked me up at the Wynn and drove me to the airport afterwards.  I couldn't have been treated any better.  I definitely recommend them!  Especially if you're visiting Vegas...doesn't have to just be a local treasure.
5	I love going to this spa.  I go once a month for waxing services.  I go see the same esthetician every time (Candice) and she is consistently great.   The prices are very reasonable and the atmosphere is totally relaxing.  Definitely check this place out.  And ask for Candice....once you find a great esthetician, you don't want anyone else.
3	It wasn't the best experience for me because my massage therapist was sick & sniffling & snorting her stuffed up nose inches away from my face while I was trying to be relaxed. I'm a bit of a germaphobe though, so it could just be me...I am updating this today because I went back for hair & nails & had a GREAT experience. So I changed my rating from 2 to 3 stars:)
5	I just got my hair colored by Beezy, and had a consultation for Hairdreams extensions.  Breezy was wonderful!  I would recommend her to anyone interested in extensions.
5	We were picked up at our hotel and the driver was EARLY and courteous. We arrived at the spa and were immediately taken to our rooms for massages, facials and a haircut.  Very smooth transaction. We left looking and smelling good and feeling refreshed.  I highly recommend this location!
1	I had to give 1 start because I couldn't give a ZERO. This place is a scam. Breezy has poor customer service she'll hang up on you and show you no respect. I bought a groupon through her and booked the appointment in advance she waited for it to pass didn't call me or text me at all not even "As she was waiting and waiting for two hours" and now wants to charge me DOUBLE (as in $97) to make an appointment. Do not waste your time!
5	I have to say Lynn Bloom is the best. She always takes her time when she does my hair. Whether she's coloring it or just cutting it she's amazing. She is a perfectionist. So I highly recommend going to her for  whatever your hair needs are. She is the best.
5	Again lynn bloom excedes herself.  She is the best an my hair is always perfect. She listens to exactly what I want an does an awesome job. So if you want your hair hair done right go see her you will never go to anyone else.
5	Awesome place to spend the whole day. You can get massages, hair done, nails, and a facial! Lil pricey for hair color and cut. Massages are great and relaxing. And I never had my nails done there because the lady is always booked. Which doesn't work for me because I have a busy schedule. JoAnne does the best facials ever! Told her I never had one. When I spoke with he on the phone she said a peel was best for what I wanted as results. Didn't know what to expect. She explained product as well as procedure telling me everything step by step. She was so awesome and had me relaxed. Very great with her hands. Gentle but gets the job done! This was my second facial and from now on I'm definitely going to her! I highly recommend her. She also does  Brazilian waxing. Definitely check her out. You won't be disappointed!
5	Lesa Beekman gave me the best pedicure! Same price as the place I use to go to and got bad pedicures!
2	Candace is an awesome esthetician; she is precise on eye brow waxing every time and takes her time, never rushes. However at this Euphoria location, they need a permanent nicer receptionist! She is not very welcoming, or accommodating and acts like she's in a bad mood all the time. You call for an appointment, she keeps you on hold for a long time. Then the day of arriving to your service you get nobody in the front reception area.
5	Lynn Bloom is the way to go. She rents the space, so she doesn't work for Euphoria, which I actually think allows her to give better customer service. I happened to walk in two years ago and got Lynn and boy am I lucky!!! She listens to what you want, and I have been pleased every single time. The first time I got highlights and a trim. Then I wanted something drastic, so she cut my hair from about mid-back to a pixie cut! She did a great job, and my hair looked fantastic. What I loved about the cut was that she cut it in stages, so at anytime I could change my mind.  Lynn can do everything from long layers, to a pixie, to subtle highlights, to platinum blonde without frying or ruining your hair. I have very thick curly hair, so a cut and color takes about four hours. It's long, but it is worth it to leave the salon loving my haircut every time. Try Lynn. You won't be disappointed!
5	My husband took me here for my birthday. Denise did an excellent job on my eyebrows, she was very friendly and very informative on place to visit since we just moved here, she also did a great job. Vanessa was wonderful as well. I got a conditioning treatment and a microtrim. she did a great job and I enjoyed her company. I will return.
4	One of the better Euphoria's in Las Vegas. Staffed with competent and professional people without too much snobbery and the rude attitude. I go there once a month for a facial and also to get my hair cut and its a full day pleasant, relaxing experience.  I recommend you go there and try it.  It is reasonably priced too, compared some other spas in town.
5	Joanne does the best eyebrows in town!! She is amazing. Nicole has great customer service up front and always willing to answer questions and help you in any way. I travel across town to see them. I pass many places on the way just to have great customer service and awesome eyebrows!!
5	If you want a great nail tech go see Tanya. She always knows how to make nails look perfect and just how you want it. I looked for a while to find someone who would know how to do my nails how I like it, and Tanya is a pro at doing so. I always leave happy and would recommend this place to anyone.
5	I just moved to this area and was dreading having to find a new hair stylist. It's so nerve-racking to let someone new cut your hair! I chose this salon because it's right next to my work and had good yelp reviews. I was set up with an appointment with Yvonne and she was wonderful! She immediately put me at ease and I could tell she would do a good job. I was very happy with the end result and overall experience at the salon. The receptionist was very sweet also. Definitely a good hair place! Next up I'm gonna try their gel manicure :)
5	Euphoria NailsI showed up as a walk-in and Andy was able to fit me in right away. He was professional and nice. My nails looked great and he is very reasonably priced. I would definitely make an appt with Andy in the future.
