1	I was returning a pedometer that I had bought earlier that day at The Big 5 Sporting Goods, I couldn't program the pedometer with a friend so we thought it was damaged,  so I took it back to the store that night.  There was a new Mg. on duty now the Mg. on the am shift was very helpful but when I took it back that night, the night Mg. (Chris) was on duty.  he was the most arrogant person.  I had asked if he could help me pick out another pedometer out that would be user friendly and count the calories, he tells me that the one I have is the only one that counts calories, so i looked at the variety of the ones they have and found all of them counted calories all but 2 so I pointed to them and said all of these count calories, well he didn't want nothing to do with helping me so I turned to the associate at the register asking if he would be able to help me and .  so we chose one out of many that count calories and he was helping me program it during this time the Mg. just walked around the store and then he calls the associate to come to the shoe dept. So that takes him away from me to which the Mg. could of taken care of whatever was needed in shoes.  Mind you there was not a customer in the store, just me. now if the Mg.  would have been nice i would of probably bought a tread mill from the store but not now. I will  go to a sporting store with better customer service .  I will not step foot in that store again.  There was many more snide remarks he made during this whole ordeal but I feel this was enough to convince anyone not to go to this store.
4	Great people working here.  I was need of softball cleats had lots of choices to pick from and prices were great. Will always tell people to shop here.
1	I usually have great experiences at Big Five stores. This was my first time in this particular store. We had our 2 year old with us. After walking around the store for about a half an hour I was just about to purchase a punching bag when my daughter, who is potty training, said she needed to use the restroom. It is obvious that they do not have a public restroom but my wife asked anyway if our daughter could use a restroom. The associate said no because of company policy. What! I turned and clarified by restating that the company would not allow a 2 YEAR OLD use the restroom and again he said no and did not even bother to get a manager. So we immediately left the store without a purchase. After we left I called the store to speak to the manager on duty about the situation. Same response. Actually, he said it was policy because of shoplifters. Great people skills. Long story short, I may visit a Big Five in the distant future but NOT this one. MANAGEMENT-- teach your associates and managers to use discretion in their decision making process. Sure, someone MAY attempt to steal something, but you DEFINITELY lost a customer. BTW the vast majority of shoplifters will not ask a sales associate to escort them to the bathroom as the fact is that the item would need to already be concealed so why bother.
