2	21 year old Jeremy: Wooo! Dollar rail drinks! Booze! Yeah! 26 year old Jeremy: Umm, no.
2	Got a fake ID? Like drink specials? Well, c'mon down have we got a spot for you. You'll probably get elbowed, puked on, get into a fight and see lots of underage cleavage. But, that's only at night. Seriously, if you want to watch a Saturday Badger game with some really nice folks without fighting for floor space with a bunch of assholes at Brat's, well, this is the place. Get some curds and a $6 pitcher of beer and camp out wherever and actually enjoy the game. Get out before the sun goes down, otherwise you'll get eaten alive.
3	I don't know about being underage and going here....I got a fake taken away once and the bouncers get paid to take IDs....you have to be brave I guess ( or really drunk).  THE place to go on Wednesday nights because of  15 cent wings.  There's always a line, no matter the night.  I don't really understand the crowdy, sweaty draw...but it's full of beautiful people...lots of manly frat guys and skinny, bitchy sorority girls. I've already lost interest.  3 stars.
1	Nineteen is truly the magic age for when this bar will be one that you actually voluntarily go to (and like it) .... all you need is a convincing fake and not a fake from the 21 year old entrepreneur who sold 5-12 copies of her driver's license to desperate minors. The bouncers notice that crap and chances are that 21 year old is a regular at Brother's anyways.  As previous reviewers have said, there is usually always vomit somewhere at Brother's... and unfortunately it is not usually in a toilet.
2	Supremely sticky floors. I sat on a bar stool and leaped over the puddles to avoid ruining my shoes.Accidentally mistook my friend Jason from far away and when I said, "hey Jason," this shady dude said, "I'm not Jason, but I'll certainly be him." Eeew.
2	This place blows, there are only a few other places downtown where you can find so many low lifes.  Its impossible to get a drink and the service is horrible late at night.The only good thing about this place is that when it isn't busy it is tolerable.  They usually have some ridiculous drink special and if you can find a place to sit during wing night it is a good drunken time.  The cocktail waitresses are usually pretty good looking so they got that going for them...
4	Out of the University Avenue bars, this is one of my favorites. It's usually the place to be -- even during regular weekdays(not just weekends). I'm not sure what a lot of these complaints are about(especially in comparison to other bars in the area.) I've actually not witnessed vomit in the many, many times I've been to Brothers despite seeing vomit at a lot of other bars already. The music is Top 40 and its one of the few bars that has a poor man's dance floor once it hits about 11 or midnight. It's always fun with the right group and mindset and it has an atmosphere unlike any of the other bars.
5	I love this place!!! It is similar to a very college version of Cheers, where everyone knows your name. This is the watering hole for up and coming business students to lose a few brain cells. They have great drink specials on Thursdays and Fridays. Wednesdays are wing nite and the whole bar smells like hot sauce. This is not a classy place, but if you are looking for a fun place to go don't care that there is a moose on the wall, this is the place for you.
1	Huge nightmare.  One of the worst spots on UW-Madison's campus and really all of downtown.  Sure there could be tons of young talent on any given night but take my word for it, this place is a total bust more often than not.  It's basically a frat house.  Bar food definitely isn't winning any awards either, but at least it's something to throw in your mouth.  If you have to go there just drink and do it fast.  Proceed with caution.
2	Yes this place can get a little rowdy and no the bar-tending staff isn't the nicest and no the bouncers are kind of sketchy and yes there are lots of spilled beers on the ground and yes the pool table upstairs are always packed and no there isn't any real reason to come here except toward the end of the night when there are some cheap deals and you want to dance for about 20 minutes then get out. Not the greatest place on the planet. I usually write extensive reviews about places and this place doesn't really have anything spectacular about it nor unique about it.
2	Been here once, won't be pack.  Just like the Brothers in Milwaukee.1. Overcrowded with bros 2. Over priced3. Disgusting bathrooms4. The pool table is devoid of basic pool etiquette5. Disappointing deals considering Madison is a college town6. Bartenders are rude7. This place is just dirty. Please Brothers in KU don't turn into this!
4	Super friendly staff and great drink deals. I've only been there once when there was a line and it was crowded otherwise I get right in.
1	This entire side of U Avenue should be bulldozed. While I appreciate the cheap drinks, the place itself was just nasty. Very disappointed for Brothers which normally delivers a better atmosphere. I did not (and would not) order food. Not that a waitress ever came around as there were none. I'd stay away.
