3	Well, they have booze.  So it can't be that bad.
5	This is a true neighborhood pub, its just a narrow room probably smaller than Paris Hilton's walk-in closet, but offers all the services and products that you could ask of your bar, such as an electronic dart board, juke box, television, a pinball machine, a variety of sundries including cigarettes, candy, OTC medications, a great menu of pub grub and, of course, lots of booze. Its mostly if not exclusively frequented by regulars and the ambiance is friendly and familiar. The burger in this joint is great and is well-known throughout the Near-Eastside area. Its a thick and juicy hand-pressed patty, but the secret is the diced grilled onions.
4	This is Wisconsin, in bar form.
4	Every time I visit Madison, I stop by for them tasty home made juicy greasy hamburger packed with that one-two, fat-and-cholesterol punch.  The magnificent hunk of patty is served  between soft buns with lettuce, tomato, and onion and your favorite fried dish on the side. I must give my fair warning to you cheese imperialists out there, and I know there are plenty of you - the curds are frozen here.  But gosh darn it, I love me a Bou Burger and a nice cold glass of Capital Amber! mmm, I am getting hungry just thinking about it... Well I guess I will have to wait until next time!
4	Awesome. You have to go there to believe how classic it is. It probably fits no more than 50 people. The grill is at one end of the bar, and word has it that the food is pretty good. The $1.00 8oz coors light cracks me up. Also the jukebox is solid, and you do not have to pay extra to get your song to play like some of the newer ones.The first time we went there was a Sunday night-- and it was packed... that should say it all.
5	Love the cheddar bou. Lived across the street on Blount for a couple of years and this was an every day place for me, almost.
5	Went there a few days ago and fantastic doesn't quite cover it.  The place looks a little dingy from the outside, but the service and food more than makes up for the older look.  I had the "Bou Burger" with cheese and fried onions, cooked medium right in front of me on the griddle behind the bar.  Burger was great, awesomely seasoned and perfectly cooked.  Bun and cheese were also excellent.  My only gripe was the fries were a bit run of the mill, but the burger more than made up for it.The bartender serves double duty as cook and did a fantastic job.  Great service.
3	This bar is probably smaller than your apartment. Like others have said before, it's as Sconnie as you can get without the "hey look how Wesconsin I am" song and dance.  Crowd is pretty mixed.  Over all a fine place to stop by if you're in the neighborhood but not necessarily a destination in itself.
4	Great place to eat a first-rate burger and watch the Badgers on a Saturday afternoon.  What stands out about the burgers here is actually the soft, flaky bun -- it's almost like eating a croissant burger!  Average fries.  Friendly, mellow atmosphere.  Commenter below wrote:  "unless you like to sit at the bar in a dimly lit tavern with your kid, I wouldn't bring him/her to the 'Bou."  I was here with my 4-year-old and he loved it.
5	Get a Bou burger and fries. DO IT. Also, go on a weeknight so you can actually sit and/or not feel like a sardine. I'm not from Wisconsin, but this place feels pretty authentic.
4	Oh Caribou, I turn to you like a long lost friend You make me miss living on Johnson once again I'd get smashed on the Twenty I had to borrow so I could have conversations that I'd forget about tomorrow............. {insert sound of a needle scratching off a record} The 'bou? It don't need no stinkin' poetry. Yes, this is a little hallway of a bar. It really sucks if you are not an old man drinking your pension away during the day or one of the 12 neighborhood regulars that hang out compulsively night after night (that cast rotates yearly, as people move in and out of the neighborhood every year. To claim it for you and your neighborhood crew, plop yer ass on a stool August 15th and don't move it again for at least two weeks. that'll learn 'em.) The drinks aren't as cheap as they should be. The bartenders aren't as nice as they should be. The bar isn't as big as it should be. It's not a place to take your date. Or your softball victory party. It's not a place for to turn 21. It's not a place for you and your bros to drop yer roofies. It's not a place for your unicorn themed dance party. No-Its just a place to sit and drink Old Mils, and maybe do a little laundry. And I love it.
3	A cozy (aka tiny) little place next to the laundromat on East Johnson, Caribou is a no frills dive along the lines of Rustic Tavern. Lots of wood, very few lights, and a surprising menu (goulash & stroganoff among standard bar fare). Friends ordered a burger and fries and it looked and smelled delicious. Friends confirmed that the taste was just as good as the other senses led you to believe it would be.One note for the ladies: the lock on the bathroom door appears to be busted. I went in, turned the lock, and immediately had someone open the door. I had just shut the door, so no embarrassing encounter, but that was just luck. Make sure to have a friend watch the door, or at least put a hand or foot against the door while you're indisposed.
4	The 'bou is what it is. It is nothing more. It is nothing less. I've never had food there. But as far as dive bars go its about as dive-y as one can get. It is freakin' tiny so don't bring a huge group of people. You will probably get split up. And you'd be lucky to get a place to sit. But as far as dives go, its perfect. SUPER cheap. Jukebox is one of those electronic ones where you pay a dollar to hear the song you want. But its a great place to have "that one last drink."
4	Best dive in town! The burgers here are among the best in town, which is amazing considering what a tiny little place it is. They form each patty by hand and they put it on an amazing roll that absolutely makes the burger. Top notch!Laid back crowd, decent jukebox, good mix of beers on tap and in bottles, tasty food, and friendly bartenders. There is just something about the combination of everything it has to offer that just makes it a great place to hang out.
5	This dive bar is about as good as it gets. BEST burger in Madison. Period. It's not fancy, but they get there ground beef from Jennifer Street Market which is also a gem on the east side. This place always has great characters lounging over it's bar. It has a bartender that I thought was Irish, but just ended up being from Iowa. I think you understand what kind of time I have at this place. A must stop if you are on the east side in Madtown (downtown is overrated).
5	Best Burger around!!!!!!!!Came in from Chicago on Friday.  We went right to the Caribou for libations and burgers.   YUMMY!!!   Winslow is an awesome bartender.We were impressed how he managed a full bar and made our amazing burgers.  He was also whipping up homemade wing sauce that smelled great.  A must try if you are ever in Madison.
5	Simply put, the best Burger in Madison.  Oh, and by the way, the chili is outstanding, especially as a chili dog.
4	A great local dive bar. Excellent burgers, not bad drink prices. Docked 1 star because it's quite cramped and sometimes the staff can be grumpy (usually only one employee a night), but it doesn't stop me from having a good time.
5	Best burger in Madison.  Trust me, those who vote Dotty's have not been here.  The Jalapeno Poppers are excellent too.  The place is a little small and a little dirty but its really excellent food.
5	Yes, it really is the best burger in Madison. Wow!
5	I absolutely love this place! I have been going there for years and never get there enough. Great burgers...cold beer.....the best Cap'n and Coke ever!!! Dewey and his sister rock the house and Tammy and Kevin kill it. Don't miss your chance to experience this Madison landmark.
4	First Impression: Fantastic atmosphere. I'd looked into this place well before today. I'm glad the rumors and reviews are true. It's a dive and one that deserves credit. Good beer selection, a fantastic burger (that bun rocks), a very good bar tender and all the little things dives should have. Peanuts, random pieces of nostalgia, orange lighting, great music (hairband fit well) at a volume where you can still hear everyone around you yet still jam out a bit. I can't wait to go back on a different night. Other reviews gave me the idea that I'd be intimidated by locals or something. Not the case. Do your thing. They'll do theirs. I'm sure they're good people. Some bars don't cater to people that need to be approached. Grow a pair..if you need beers for that, they have plenty. I suggest moose drool.
5	With a barkeep who knows when you want to be left alone (or need a beer), this place has moved "top" on my local bar list.  On food, the burger was fantastic.  Apparently, it's fresh baked bread from a local place, and the meat is from Jenny Street Market - I don't care that much about the provenance of the product (though the "local' stamp does make it a little more attractive), what I care about it how it tastes... and this was brilliant.  Perfectly cooked (medium-rare), well-balanced simple burger (good bun to meat ratio).  The only downside of the 'bou is that it's a little cramped, but in my opinion, squishing together at the bar is just part of the charm of the place.
3	Caribou's is a perfect example of an old-style neighborhood tavern. It's dark, cool, inexpensive and the long bar is seated with up pretty much with locals who all know each other. Everyone was friendly and pleasant, the bartender was attentive, and the beer was inexpensive.I did go for the burger and found it good but not great. In my case it was cooked a little too long and came out more medium-well than medium-rare, but it was a busy night and the lone bartender was also the lone cook so that's the factor I attribute it to. It's a burger with a good bun, cheese, grilled onions and that's it. I like lettuce and tomato and view that as a standard complement, so its absence here is strange to me. Still, it is good in its simplicity and very inexpensive.Caribou's a nice little place for a beer and a snack while watching the game. Enjoy it.
4	I never thought I'd say this, but I miss Wisconsin. Well, I don't really miss the state as much as I miss Madison, and this joint (yes, I used that term) is one BIG reason why. Like others have said this is a hole-in-wall, divey, Sconi place. But the better thing is that (up until they got the fancy computer jukebox) you could hear a random mix of awesome songs. Oh, the the bar food is some of the best. The one down side is that you have to get there early to get a stool, and you also have to bring cold hard cash, like most other places on the east side. Man, I miss this place.
4	Carry cash. Carry an open mind.  Sip. Enjoy. Don't look too close at anything.
5	We love the caribou!
4	Old-school neighborhood bars have a special spot in my heart. Especially a neighborhood bar that actually has decent beer on tap (ie, anything else besides the run of the mill Miller Products or other equally as terrible/generic beer). Couple that with heart-attack inducing bar burgers and you're golden. I stopped in one night with a friend of mine who lives divey-neighborhood bars as much as I do and he was equally as pleased. There is something magical about dark Wisconsin bars with good people watching qualities. Good beer. Good burgers. Good neighborhood. Good people.
5	I miss living on Johnson. Winslow as well as all of their bartenders are amazing people. The booze is cheap and strong and the food is the best you'll ever get at a dive bar. I plan on retiring within walking distance. If you can name another place for $25 you can eat a solid meal and drink till your full let me know.
1	It's a dive and the bartender was super rude. Have been there twice and just can't go there again, it's dirty and smells funny
4	Well, it's about as divey as Madison gets. BUT, if you go knowing that, this place is pretty enjoyable.I've heard the burgers are pretty good, but we just stopped in for a few drinks, mid-walk to downtown from East Johnson.After a few shots and beers, we were on our way, but the drinks were cheap and we met some fun characters.Overall, a pretty cool place, although it is quite a ways away from the Capitol bars and State Street.
4	I don't think I was very fair in my first review of the Bou which hinted at the fact that if you squint your eyes, everything will be ok. Tonight I'm stand before you to say (er, uhm... Yelp) that Caribou Tavern now has a special place in my heart. It's a block and a half away, so it scores major convenience points, and the interior is harmless, despite is rough exterior. Bartenders have always served up service with a smile, and each time I see something on tap that I'm not familiar with, they give me a taste. I much the prefer the place when I have a seat at the bar, as opposed to standing in an uncomfortable thoroughfare of passerbys wanting to get to the bathroom. But all in all it's a solid place that I'm happy to call my neighborhood dive.
5	Love this dive bar! I stop by here and grab a burger and fries while I wait for my laundry. The burger has a perfect buttery bun, and is topped with pickles, cheese, and caramelized onions. Basic and delicious. I like to drench my fries with the ranch that they have and I'll order a Pepsi. There is usually a very welcoming lady who works the bar. She has vibrant white hair and she really is a sweet heart. Very attentive and makes you want to come back! Till' my next load of laundry, I shall see you soon Caribou Tavern!
5	After 2 years in Madison, I finally made it to the Caribou. I ordered the Caribou burger with cheddar and a side order of cheese curds. The bun for the burger was mind blowing. I devoured my meal in record time and found myself planning my next visit.There are many great meals in Madison, and that burger is one of them. (Cheese curds were not prize winning)
5	I love this place. It's like an escape back into reality from the oddness of Madison, which can be quite refreshing. Down-to-earth crowd, bar food as you'd expect, and friendly staff who don't think they're better than you are. Good beer, good food, good people.
1	We were visiting Madison to see a concert and found Caribou in yelp walking distance from our B&B. We were looking forward to having some burgers at a great dive bar. Sit down, order drinks - and we tell the bartender we wanted to order food. We got a HUGE EXAGGERATED GROAN, with shoulders slumping down and leaning on the bar.  NEEDLESS to say - we did not order food and went to our concert with empty bellies. HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE.
4	This place is a total dive. Nowhere to sit except at the bar, and the beer selection is so-so. Why the 4 stars, you ask? The burgers. This place has some of the tastiest, freshest burgers and fries you can get in Madison. Totally stripped down burger, but the meat and bun are just amazing. You have to eat one to understand. Go there, and get one right now.
5	My roommate and I are doing an informal burger tour of Madison. We've been to a handful of dive bars and a couple of nicer restaurants. This was BY FAR the best burger we've had. The meat was excellently cooked; the bun was absolutely fantastic (is that something you can even say was fantastic!?); the bacon was melt in your mouth. Oh my gosh. Go here and get a burger! You won't regret it.
