4	This place is good.  The 5 mini tacos are great.   The carne aside and pollo asada are good.
2	Now I remember why I stopped coming here.  It takes FOREVER to get your food.  I realize it's a small kitchen with one guy back there but for 3 orders (2 ahead of me) it shouldn't take 25 mins.  Foods decent but I'll head to Frederico's on Cave Creek any day over this place.
3	If i'm craving Mexican food this is my go-to place. The food is great but the atmosphere is definitely strange in there. Always get to go...
2	So I've come here multiple times. I think the only reason I come here is for the Horchata drink to be honest because it's made by a machine (not them). They take FOOOREEEVVVERRRR to get my food. This is supposed to be fast food. Quick! I'm not in a full service restaurant that I have to wait 20 minutes for my food. The place in the kitchen is a dump. I know since they leave the door open on my way to the restrooms (which you should stay away from). Chemicals next to prep table (near food!!!)  NO BUENO!  Meat was sitting out in the back. I'm not sure how long that was there. I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt. They have terrible, terrible service. It is always a girl with no uniform wearing regular unprofessional clothing . I'm not judgmental, but she has bracelets and rings on. When you work in food service, you are NOT allowed to have jewelry anywhere near your hands. She could pass on germs and bacteria from the jewelry onto the food. Ok fine. But when someone touches their face and hair and then goes back in the kitchen without washing her hands? I kind of shutter. I've worked in restaurants for so long, that it's just hard for me to NOT notice bad hygienic practices even if to the average person, seems pretty picky. Hey, at least i know the Maricopa County Food Code!She always takes my order like, "Ugh, I can't text and I have to take your order????" I once ordered tacos and it was filled with guacamole. Don't get me wrong I love guacamole, but when I order carne asada tacos, I want to taste the meat, too! So I told the girl, excuse me but...these are waaay overpowered by guacamole. She says "sorry, I cant make you new ones." WHAT? Seriously? You served me bad food, and I came here for a decent meal. She said, "do you want me to pick off the avocado? Well, actually, you can do it yourself?"  Well.Okaaaaay? Thanks....I'll eat disappointed. I don't know why I deal with terrible places that don't care about the customer. I think it's just become it's the norm with fast food. Anyway, it's not really worth coming here.
4	I don't know why they have bad ratings. Best Mexican in this area. Mini carne asada tacos are yummy. Good prices and I always get my food fast.
4	Ramiros is a very convenient place to go grab some food late because its open 24 hours. For all you people upset about it taking so long to get your food, here's a tip- USE THE DRIVE THROUGH! They prioritize the drive through guests and you will get your food in less than 5 minutes. Also, I only ever eat the breakfast burritos- I agree that some of the meat might be a little strange so stick with the egg and ham burrito. Oh and definitely get lots of the green sauce, its awesome! Hope this helps for the future.
2	Driving in the area and hungry, I decided to give this place a try for lunch.  I looked at the menu on the wall and decided to order:Carne Asada Burrito, $5.59http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ramiros-mexican-food-phoenix?select=MfPA1uFY07lEvACv-o5CfQ#MfPA1uFY07lEvACv-o5CfQBeans/Rice/Cheese Burrito, $2.98http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ramiros-mexican-food-phoenix?select=d-ovX_PN6CDCe7CUqOjLkg#d-ovX_PN6CDCe7CUqOjLkgThe service here was brutally slow.  The lady working the cash register could not multitask....it was agonizing.While waiting for my food, I went to the Salsa Bar to load up on Salsa.  Since I like spicy Salsa, I went for what appeared to be the spiciest one...turned out to be watered down, mild Gringo Juice...*bleh*.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ramiros-mexican-food-phoenix?select=VxCnEw9so_M2z8KJR1-vBw#VxCnEw9so_M2z8KJR1-vBwThe food came out after a long wait.  Customers were confused because the cashier was calling out the wrong orders and people were returning saying it wasn't what they ordered.  By this time, there were 8 or 9 of us waiting...it was a hot mess in there.I went for the Carne Asada Burrito first.  I took one bite and didn't like it...it was way too salty.  The Burrito was all Meat & a little Guac/Salsa combo...no Rice or Beans...that's a common recipe in some of these Taco shops.  Since there wasn't any other ingredients to soften the salty flavor, it was just bad.Next, I went for the Beans/Rice/Cheese (BRC) Burrito.  I took one bite and that one was bland.  I don't know if my taste buds were shot from the salty Carne Asada Burrito, but it wasn't good either.The Salsa wasn't *meh* too and couldn't save it for me.  Towards the end of my meal, I noticed a guy speaking in Spanish to the cashier lady...she goes to the back and comes out with a couple of cups of "spicier" Salsa that was hidden in the back...dammit!  Secret menu I guess....There are too many other good places in town, I won't be back here.Return Factor - 0%
4	We've tried several dishes at Ramiro's. Favorites are: cheese enchiladas, carne Asada fries, chiles rellenos, chorizo plate. Lived them all!  The place usually has several Spanish speaking couples there each time I go. Don't let the decor-or lack of decor- scare you away. It is clean and delish.
