2	Originally I would have give just 1 star but I have admit their clothes are pretty nice so it bumped up to 2. Why did I want to give them 1 star, well I went there on saturday, and they were busy (not really busy, but there were customer) well I asked on of the girl who worked there to give me a fitting room, and she glared at me!! Seriously, who the heck does she think she is ( But I believe in being nice to everyone even though they act so freakin rude) She then just walk in to the room and through a door open in one of the stall and just left ( People, remember that I'm nice, so I said thanks you to her) well, So later on while I was trying the clothes in the stall on of their staff suddenly open my stall door while I was undressing! Seriously I was half naked! And that girl just left the door wide open, and left, She didn't even say sorry! She just left and said "Oh some one is in there". Seriously WTF?! So because of their poor customer service, I think I won't be ever going to their store again,  unless they can get better worker who are more professional, because these obnoxious young girls who are working there are seriously making them lose their clients. Sorry Hollister, I wish you the best.
4	Once in a blue moon, I would pop into Hollister to see what they have.When you go through their clearance, there were great finds!  I got myself nice urban-ish bracelets and headbands.  In Houston, they have their sister store, Gilly Hicks (intimate line).  So here at Hollister, they carried some Gilly Hicks collaboration brand of tops.  That made me happy!So you get 5 stars for carrying Gilly Hicks, have cool selection of bracelets and headband that were on clearance, and good sale selection on sweatshirs.Service - Got greeted by the front store people, nice.  The cashiers.. well at times they are friendly. One time, one cashier was unfriendly (hence the 4 stars) I will put up with you.  That will not deter me from coming back to get some good deals on certain items.
