5	Sur La Table ...you sexy thing. You with your flippers, dicers and ooohh ,all that silicone.  Boy, do I  love your silicone. Blue silicone, green silicone , pink silicone!  Being in this store is intoxicating to me.  This is a perv store for  foodies !!  They have everything for those who like get all worked up in the kitchen .No seriously  I think they have every kitchen tool, gadget and accessory  available. For those who like a little knife action they are the ones to come to.  I  don't think I have ever not found what I am looking for here.  They must have every kind of spatula known to the free world.  On my last excursion here I found a new hot little number a silicone universal splatter lid!!  Ewww now I  have your interest.
3	I first stumbled across this place in the Shops at Miracle Mile in Las Vegas.  When I got back home I found out we had one just up the road.  I have stayed away because it would be all too easy to drop a bunch of money I don't have and add more stuff in my tiny kitchen that is already full.  Sunday it was hard to drive by and not stop on my way home from Sweet Republic and I needed a new slotted serving spoon as the ones I keep buying for $3-5 at the Borg rust out in 6-12 months.   If it is a gadget they most likely have it.  They carry a full range of quality and price.  I like the knife selection better at the Knife Shop.  They do have a small collection of All-Clad in stock.  This is not a bargain place to shop for most things.  All of the spoons that fit my criteria were around $10 and made in China.  I hope the one I picked holds up better than the lesser expensive ones.  This was also my first time at Kierland Commons, you would not know we are in a recession trying to find a parking place on a Sunday afternoon.  Bottom line; if you saw it on some cooking show and cannot find it anywhere else they probably have it, at top dollar.Another negative:  It only took me 23 minutes to get home which leaves it close enough to be dangerous.  :-)
5	Jason made my day! Discount. Better bag. Very helpful and attentive!
2	This place is very full of itself.  That being the short of it.  Do they have many kitchen thing-a-majigees you may find interesting?  Sure, you betcha!  Do they charge an inflationary price you may have guessed given the French title and locations in Kierland Commons and Fashion Square?  Right again!  Either of those would be permissible were it not for being so Wal-Martish  in their knowledge of their own stock.  Ack.One day I was looking for a channel knife.  After much hunting a shop keeper suggested checking out Sur La Table.  Their website said they stocked the item I was looking for.  I called before heading out to be assured they were in stock, yay!  I get to Sur La Table only to be shuffled through various staff who either didn't know what a channel knife is or didn't know where to find one in the store.  Eventually a kind man looked it up on the net as I had, which showed their location had them on hand although no one could find them.  He called the Kierland store which showed them in stock as well and called to make sure before sending me further afield.Whoa is I!  After being put on hold for ages I surmise I could get to Kierland faster than his associates at the other store would answer his query.  Asking that should anyone pick-up, I want the knife held aside for me, I take off again.  Arriving at the Kierland store I am met with long lines and lack of staff.  Eventually I get a staff member who knows who I am  and presents me with TADA! an item that is not a channel knife which has been put aside for me.  Durrr.After sifting through displays I find my knife, which is not on the properly tagged shelf but a match to the internet item.  Sheesh.  I appreciate that Sur La Table was the only place in the valley I found a channel knife but why did it have to be so HARD?
3	OK,  so this IS a kitchen store - right?  I would think a simple, "do you have a teapot" would be a snap.  Not so.  They only had clear glass teapots.  Do you know how long they last?  I went through 2 in quick succession - 1 tap - C R A C K.  They had only 1 in stock - plain white = MEH.  Also, I love the class offerings, but I seriously find them way over-priced, otherwise I'd luv to sign up for some.But, if you have some sort of kitchen gadget in mind, you will likely find it here, then promptly allow a kitchen drawer to swallow it up, never to be seen again (that would be you: garlic keeper, onion odor remover, milk frother, cherry pitter).
5	Nirvana for the home chef...I LOVE THIS PLACE!Like most retail establishments, you won't usually find eBay-esque prices, but I love the great selection of products, including high-end stuff that I don't see anywhere else.  And I have actually found some great deals on de Meyere and de Buyer cookware - even cheaper than eBay.The friendly staff generally knows what they're talking about, and I appreciated being able to try out a Shun Ken Onion knife before buying.  The lady said, 'Hold on a second...' and disappeared to the back.  When she returned, she had a handful of carrots for me to dice.  Nice!I still enjoy perusing W - S, too, but Sur la Table blows it away.PS:  their book signings are great, too.  Met Steven Raichlen a few weeks back...
4	There are a lot of things to like about Scottdale...but when the city attracts top name chefs like Bobby Flay...you know you picked the right place to live....anyway, he literally strolled out on the the courtyard, ready to answer questions and promote his new book "Throw down". Everyone started off with a gulp when he said, "did know what I did last night" Of course we all hoped he dined at our favorite spot, and that we were kinderd-spirits...well kind of...he dined at cafe Bianco...he also shared that Burgers were his favorite food along with anything "ice-cream-like" The most interesting takeaway for me was that after the ingredient is introduced on Iron Chef, the camera go off and reposition themselves, so the Chef's have about 8 minutes to huddle with the team and do a speed menu. Anxious about reading his new book, a lot of very basic recipes, which are a great stable to anyone collection...great afternoon...and nice addition to my autographed cookbook library.
4	I'm looking to get more high end cookware for my cooking and came here just to have a look around and check out an exclusive Le Creuset item they have.Walked in and was quickly helped by a gentleman named Don who was extremely experienced. I asked him nearly every question I had and he spent a solid 20 minutes with us giving his opinion on what I should do. He emphasized that he didn't work on commission and really wanted us to take our time in deciding which gave our experience a really nice, no pressure feel. Ended up getting the Le Creuset item I had been looking at and Don will be my go to guy when I can make my way over there in the future.Only thing keeping this from being 5 stars is that their prices are ridiculous in my opinion and would only be able to justify buying something there if it was on sale... which is just what I did :).
4	Be sure to save up for the $3000 coffee machine they demo'd for me! Nuts! I could never imagine paying as much for a coffee machine as I would for a used car!I am really wanting to take one of the cooking classes they offer here. Soon maybe... Hoping for a Sur Le Table Groupon!
2	This is a really a very large well stock foodies store. I personally like Sweet Basil's 2 miles down Scottsdale Road better, but they do a nice job. The only reason they do not score higher in my book is what I would call the Kierland Commons markup. The have food stuff, oils, and knives and even offer a cooking class, so enjoy!
4	Wow, this store has anything a cook or chef could want (at least I think so, I wouldn't call myself either). One of the first things I noticed when I walked into this store was how packed it was with things. The aisles are narrow so maneuvering through the holiday crowd was a bit challenging, but it was still an adventure seeing all the tools and odd n' end devices that one might see on a late night infomercial available for purchase.One of the first things I notice was a Nespresso coffee counter (although they referred to it as a "boutique") that lit up with different colors. There were two people behind the counter helping customers and offering samples which was pretty cool. The store also has a kitchen in the back where they offer classes, which I thought was neat. There were plenty of employees on hand to answer questions and also plenty behind the checkout counter. There are also a few demonstrations with free sample available.This store has everything from glasses, dishes, pots, pans, spatulas, coffee makers/presses, blenders, cutting boards, to fancy and uber expensive knives, cookbooks, and cooking ingredients like simple syrup, oils, popcorn kernals, and hot chocolate! I would definitely recommend checking it out if you are someone that loves cooking or wants to get a gift for you favorite home chef.
5	Came here for a cooking class and happened to be early. I walked around the store and the store rep offered me a free sample of a latte. They have a display of cappucino makers/espresso makers right at the front. Basically this is your go-to store for anything in your kitchen. They have fun trinkets and tools for baking & cooking etc...The ravioli class I took was taught by Chef Mac. It was designed to teach you 3 different raviolis with sauces. The class was about 2.5 hours but it's good to at least estimate around 3hrs since you can shop afterwards since you get an extra discount. Classes average around $69 but it was definitely worth it. Especially for something that I can't necessarily teach myself. The store is a bit smaller than other Sur La Tables locations and is part of the Kierland Commons shopping plaza.
5	A ten dollar gift certificate arrives in the mail from SLT.In print fashioned for a person of advancing years, a notice at the bottom reads;                                 NO PURCHASE NECESSARYLoad up the car baby, we're headed to Sur La Table!We spent 92 dollars after receiving our unwarranted ten dollar prize, however, the event did yield a cathartic moment.I now know the pride one (wife) feels when sashaying about, in an all-too-obvious proud-shopper moment, explaining how she saved ten dollars today.I totally get it now.Thanks Sur La Table.Or not?
5	I have never seen a cookware store with such a large selection of equipment, utensils and cookware. In addition, their offering of coffee machines is unbelievable with everything from the simple moka pot or drip coffeemaker to the ultra high end super automatic Jura Capresso machine.The staff is always friendly with a pulse on everything that is available or going on in the store.There is also a Nespresso boutique right inside the store and also a classroom for cooking demonstrations and classes.
1	I wrote a review 3 months ago about the Jura Capresso j9 and again the machine broke down.  Save yourself the money and frustration and go to Starbucks.  Great coffee during the short time its working but its in the shop again.  Not worth it and Sur La Table does nothing to back it up.
5	Growing up, I always swore I would never become my mother -- meaning I would never go gaga over kitchen appliances, gadgets and coffee makers... well, never say never. I'm exactly like her! I absolutely LOVE Sur La Table and can spend hours in here looking at gadgets, pots, pans, and baking supplies; not to mention their high-tech coffee makers that make that perfect cup of delectable decadence coffee sure to please your taste buds. The staff at the Kierland location are superb as well. They are extremely attentive to your needs and allow you to try out coffee machines before you buy (secretly though, they do it to get you hyped up on caffeine so you'll be so excited about the coffee, you'll forget about the price). Sur La Table also offers cooking classes which is a great bonus; not only do they sell kitchen gadgets, they show you how to use them (which let's be honest, some of those gadgets look like they're from the future).
3	This is a really fun store to shop in for kitchen items that you can't find in a regular store.  I only bought a donut maker because everything else was so expensive.  I'm sure I'll give in and buy something I think that I will use one day but never will.  At least when people come to the house they'll think that I'm really gourmet and fancy.
4	Of course, Sur la Table is known for their amazing array of cooking essentials (and non-essentials too!), but today's review is focusing on the fantastic cooking class options that they offer.  I had the pleasure of taking a 3 hour cooking class with my mom and sister - so much fun!  They offer the perfect blend of exhibition and hands-on... you get to try some new techniques, but you don't have to cook EVERYTHING yourself.  We had an amazing menu of Osso Bucco, cheesy polenta, creamed leeks (omg amazing!), and biscotti-like cookies with macerated strawberries.  It was a wonderful way to spend an evening.  Unfortunately, this perfect date-night activity comes with a steep price: $60-$80/per person.  Eek!  This will definitely remain only a very occasional splurge for me (or just when mom is paying!).
4	This place is an awesome alternative for when you can't find what you are looking for at Triple B or one of the other cheaper stores. Giant selection of all sorts of items, gadgets and doohickeys that you may need or just want to have. They also have the really good brands that you would see in any chef's kitchen.Service is always extremely helpful and very friendly. They even offer Cooking Classes for those trying to sharpen their skills.I normally go here when I am shopping for a quick gift for a B-Day or X-Mas present. There is something here for everyone. Last visit picked up one of those gloves that keeps your finger from falling off when using a mandoline. Those things are sharp!Prices are a little high but they have several specials and discounts throughout the year. So try and be patient and you'll save big time. Or if you can't wait you can always visit the largest river in South America. Parking is a little tricky. So take your time and plan your attack. Make it Happen!
4	This is one of my favorite places to waste time and daydream about my future perfect chef's kitchen!  Also, this is a great place to find gifts-- It's pretty much my go-to place for gifts for my gal pals these days.  I like to surprise them with unique and functional gadgets or cookbooks.  Check out the clearance section in the far northeast corner for sweet deals.  Last year this location hosted a book signing for one of my favorite TV chefs of all time, Giada De Laurentiis.  The line was quite long, but we sat outside of Zinc for an hour drinking bloody marys and hopped into the line after the rush died down.  It was a very wonderful and memorable experience!  My most recent purchase was a 16-inch iron skillet.  I purchased the Lodge brand version and couldn't be more happy with it.  The best part is that it was less than $40!  I shopped around on the Sur La Table website and almost ordered it online (like I do for almost all my shopping) but they charged extra for shipping due to it's weight (totally understandable).  Luckily it was very easy to find in the store.
5	I took the "Soul Food Favorites" Sur La Table looking class with my mother at the Kierland location. I have a passion for food and cooking so my mom surprised me with the class when I came to visit her.We worked with Chef Meredith Green who was incredibly friendly and came from an impressive culinary background. There were only four of us in the class, which we were told was unusual (but we loved it!).  We were accompanied by another mother and daughter. Meredith guided all of us through each of the necessary steps and had us all working together as a fun team. We made slow-simmered chicken and herb dumplings, New Orleans-style red beans and rice, chile-spiced collard greens and chocolate bread pudding with warm bourbon sauce. They provided us with printed out versions of the recopies for us to take home, as well as a 10% off coupon that was valid for a week. The store itself is a place where any foodie could get lost for hours. It sells all of the appliances needed for a perfect kitchen! It may seem pricey to some...but it is definitely because of its great quality. I would highly recommend their cooking class! I look forward to taking more of them.
4	One of my favourite shops to visit in the States. It is a foodie's dream store! Definitely one I would like to see in Canada. You can find just about any speciality item you're looking for. I love to bake, and have found many unique items that can be tough to find in Calgary (macaron baking sheets, cookie cutters, fun cupcake liners, etc.). They have a wide selection of cookware items, such as Le Crueset and Nespresso. The stores host a variety of events which I would really like to check out on a future visit!
5	Great selection for every kitchen gadget under the sun!   They are also a Nespresso dealer and stock the full collection.
