5	I just got done wolfing down a chili relleno burrito...that  was so AMAZING I looked here to see what everyone else thought but was shocked to see I am the 1st to review here!According to the bag my food was in there are 10 locations.  I guess that makes it a franchise, nonetheless it's killer.You know how you order something and it's a bigger portion than you expected and you think there's no way I can eat this much- but then take a bite and it's so good you just end up eating way more than your body is prepared for?That's how delicious it was. Since I am new to this area, I listen when someone recommends a place to go do -well just about anything.  I am also big on trying to take the source of the referral into consideration.But in this case, pretty much everyone I've met has told me how great this place is..I decided to check it out and grabbed some dinner on my way home.  Instead of hitting one of the many corporate franchise drive thrus on the way home I went to theirs..I didn't see what I wanted on the menu so I asked if they had it. The guy said yes they do and then handed me a white bag about 1.5 min later. I don't know if it was cream cheese or some kind of Cojita Cheese but whatever they stuffed the pepper with it was super tasty! They also put Lettuce, Onions, Some enchilada sauce, and cilantro in the burritos!! My stomach is so full right now I have to lay down after I write this!!Parking is no problem.They have a drive thru! YES-it's a little on the worn out side- but they do have one!Open 24hrs.They have fresh juice, horchata and tamarind drinks
5	This little mexican joint has to have the best, mouth watering, orgasmic beef tongue tacos on the face of this planet.  My pastor introduced me to this place while my friend and I were starving in our little office ready to devour every thing we laid eyes on.I ordered 6 beef tongue tacos and I tell you IT'S AMAZING!!  The tortillas are made fresh in front of your eyes and the tongue must of been braised for hours upon hours.  Because the meat just melts in your mouth.  Matter a fact get the burrito.  You'll get more meat and is cheaper.With your burrito and tacos that you purchase you also receive a roasted onion and jalapeno.  On the side if you want more pickled jalapenos or carrots, radishes, amazing salsas, they're available.If you truly want a delicious burrito drop by any, I think there are 8 locations in Phoenix?  Don't eat the Americanized chipotle junk.  This place blows chipotle out of the water.
3	OK- this is really your typical "hole in the wall" so if your looking for ambience this isn't the place- FYI the newer location up the road on Main just after Stapley is a little nicer and has better seating. BUT if you are looking for some place with cheap, decent food, open 24 hours, that's way better than a Filiberto's or a bunch of other "berto's" -stop in.  The tortillas are homemade and they will customize your order ie. combining the sauces for the camarones al diablo (shrimp devil-style/spicy) and the camarones al ajo (shrimp w/garlic). I also really like that everything comes with grilled onions that are the bomb! For a cheap lunch I'll order their street tacos ($1.25) and I'll get a cabeza taco and a carne asada taco and combine the two and add the grilled onions. The cabeza can be kind of fatty but I haven't found any place here where it isn't. More FYI- sometimes they forget about the grilled onions so you have to ask plus the Stapley n Main location has complimentary homemade Charro beans next to the salsa bar. I'm personally not a big bean eater, but I've tried them and they are pretty good depending on the day.
1	I just went here with my daughter.  It got good reviews from everyone, so figured I would give it a try.  I was especially excited when I heard it had a good chili rellano burrito.   So that's what I got, and Megan got a carne asada quesadilla.  First, the help.  I stood there for at least 3 minutes, no one at the counter, and the people in the back just looked at me.  Finally, someone came up to help me.  Towards the end of my order, her personal cell phone rang.  And I kid you not, while she was waiting on a customer, she answered it and began to talk.  I couldn't believe it.  But I figured if the food was good, we would give it a try anyway.  So we went to find a table.  We sat down and I was afraid the wobbly chair under me was going to collapse.  I moved twice before I felt comfortable.  That's a lawsuit waiting to happen.   In the meantime, helped myself to the salsa bar, which isn't bad, give that 3 stars.  The food came out in a timely manner.  My chili rellano burrito had rice in it.  Now, I don't like rice in my burritos, but that's also easy to overlook.  But the rice had PEAS in it.  I kid you not, PEAS, and lots of them.  I hate peas, hate them.  So as I begin to eat, I picked them out, one by one.  The egg coating on the rellano seemed like it was hours old, it was spongy, greasy,  so peeled most of that off too.  And it was very hot, obviously had been heated up in a microwave.    Megan's carne asada quesadilla wasn't too bad, but the meat also seemed like it had been sitting around for quite a while.  All in all, a horrible experience.  There's a Taco Bell right next door.  I would have preferred that, any day of the week.  Needless to say, someone could buy my dinner for me and I wouldn't go back to this nasty ass place.  Rude front counter people, old nasty food, and chairs in the dining room that are ready to collapse.  It was clean...I guess that's something.
3	Ok, so I am a Southern Cali native, and I was spoiled with some fantastic burrito shops back home. So when I moved to AZ, I guess I just assumed that a state so close to Mexico ought to have some kick-ass burritos. WRONG! I tried a few places the first year I lived here and I was burned so many times, I just gave up.So today I got a craving so I searched Yelp for the best rated burrito shop in my local area and I come across this place, "La Salsita". So here are my opinions listed in order of appearance, the bad ones first.1. 311 W. Main St is NOT LA SALSITA. They have moved a few doors up Country Club right next to Taco Bell. And it's called Salsita's. 2. It's right in front of a Motel 6, and there are a bunch of skeevy people hanging around the area. 3. It's tiny inside the restaurant. 4. You should probably be fluent in Spanish to order here.5. They rung up my order wrong and didn't figure it out until they made the food, and I had to pay additional cash at the end. IMO, they should have eaten the cost, it was their mistake. 6. There were only 2 people ahead of me, it shouldn't have taken 20 minutes to get my order. 7. The lady making the burritos was throwing tortillas around on the same counter as the order receipts and people with long necklaces dangling in the food were hanging around the food prep area.Ok, here's the good stuff. 1. It's in a convenient area of town.2. You can watch them make the food right in front of you. 3. The food was pretty decent. I ordered a carne asada burrito with rice, beans and cheese. Meat was good, not dry and not greasy. They didn't add any junk that I didn't want. I did NOT get peas in my rice as some other poster noted. Overall, I would recommend that people go when they're not in a hurry and just take it to go if you can. I would go back when I'm looking for something with a little more substance than Taco Bell.
