5	I happened upon this store the day they opened a while back and thought it was great.  Then went in again a few days ago and it really is going to be a great store.  I purchased quite a bit.  They have very good used clothing from designer things down.  I think that the owner has a great eye for what she is accepting on consignment.  I did consign some things too.  It is right next to a department store outlet but I don't remember the name on Scottsdale rd and Frank Lloyd Wright.
1	I got totally ripped off!!  I used to work consignment, so I understand that not everything goes for what we may want it to go for, but I had a pair of $400 (orig retail) shoes, and about 15 other high-end designer items, and only got about $60.  I am so bummed!  I could have made more off of Ebay, even paying for the shipping.  Also, the last time I was in, the lady (owner) made me stand in front of the cash register for 15 mins before even acknowledging me.  She was laughing and chatting with a lady who was browsing and trying on jewelry.  I understand, paying customers first, but to be so rude as to not even say 'hello' really rubbed me the wrong way.  I guess I will just go a few extra miles to Central Phoenix for a better consignment experience.
5	I am a regular customer here and here are just a few of the things that keep me repeatedly coming back:  * Wonderful clothing, shoes, purses, jewelry, and all kinds of  "accessories" at great prices.  * Personable, friendly and knowledgeable staff who remember you.  * Stock is always different and there are pieces for just about any "look" you want to achieve.  (So many places get "stale" so quickly with low turnover of stock, NOT the case here)I also consign here and their terms are quite good.Three doors to the left of Nordstrom Rack in The Promenade, Scottsdale Rd / Frank Lloyd Wright -- Robi, the owner, truly *does* have an eye for fashion and knows what to take in.  Everyone I've met who works there will tell you honestly (if you ask) whether or not something looks good on you if, by chance, you are uncertain.When I shop, I go to Urban Exchange first and generally find what I need whether it is an outfit for an interview, a night on the town, working out, for work, or just regular everyday "hanging out" clothes --- they have a great selection!Price range depends on the item in which you are interested; however you are guaranteed to be getting a superb deal either way!
4	I love this place! Whenever I need something in particular, I always hit up Urban Exchange by Nordstroms Rack first. The store is clean, styled super chic and the clothes are a-a-a-amazing!! Prices are really reasonable too!
4	While I was in town, my friend brought me here. Loved it! Great prices on upscale clothes, I am a fan. I ended up getting 7 things under $80 that would of cost me over $300 it I would have purchase them at Nordies.
5	A diamond in the rough.Excellent selection of designer vintage dresses, ready to wear, shoes, hand bags and accessories! Outstanding guest service. My mother and I live in Ohio, but I can guarantee you that we will continue doing business with Robby and Rachel! I recommend this place without hesitation!
5	Fantastic selection of name brands. You have to give yourself at least an hour in here and be willing to do some patient searching, but wow, I really should just stop shopping elsewhere. Banana Republic, White House Black Market, Ann Taylor, Kate Spade... I got a pair of mint condition Joe's Jeans here for $35. Every time it's a thrill to see what you can find.
5	OH. MY. GOD.I am addicted to this store (on a bender of consignment shopping these days.) First time I was in, I think they had just opened. I didn't have a lot of time to browse but found a pair of perfect Hudson jeans for $30. I promised myself I'd be back.About 6 months later I went in again, and again didn't have much time to browse. Make sure you allow yourself plenty of time to just "look around" as this store is packed. Well organized, but packed. I think if you're looking for shoes or bags, you may do better elsewhere, but this place has great prices on clothes from mall brands to designer staples. I got a Tory Burch suit and an array of Banana Republic shirts (all new with tags, I might add) and various accessories, all in the same day, and for under $200. The TB suit alone should have cost way more, and I'm not sure why they had such great prices on the BR shirts- I went home and looked online, and some styles were still for sale in the store for twice as much as what I paid. Great place, great finds, great prices- I can't wait to make this a monthly stop. Rich people, please keep consigning your stuff here so I can pick it up on the cheap :)
1	RUDE RUDE RUDE staff!  I was in their store this week during a business trip - I knew that the store would only be open for another 20 minutes and I told the sales girl " I know you close at 7:00" - she then looked at me and said "that's ok as long as you're not messy" - I actually thought I heard her incorrectly and asked her to repeat herself and nope, I heard her correct.  I was embarrassed and honestly outraged over such rude behavior!  I am a well dressed woman in her 30's and don't appear to be someone who is "messy". I have money to spend - but not in such a rude environment...I will NOT be back!  Happy shopping to all others - but beware of cranky and inconsiderate staff - the owner should be embarrassed of their staff.
5	AMAZING STORE!! I get the best designer handbags at this store!  I got the best LV handbag at a fraction of the price.  It is my favorite handbag I have!! I also just got an awesome Tory Burch bag!! It is still in the store! It was a steal!! I LOVE this store I never come out empty handed!!
4	This is a review for all you ladies out there!I can see why this store is rated so highly...by the women out there. Urban Exchange has so many awesome designer things from which they can choose. All of the major brands are represented, and obviously, they are a fraction of the price you'd find them at a retailer.Here, women can find any and every fashion-related item they could ever want. When you walk in, you're greeted by various accessories (belts, watches, etc), as well as a multitude of tops for any occasion. Are you looking for something casual? Something for work? Something formal? Rest assured, Urban Exchange has what you're looking for.There are racks and racks of various designer jeans, as well. In true Scottsdale fashion, you'll find jeans that would typically cost a normal person a decent chunk of their paycheck. However, here, you're obviously going to get a MUCH better deal than you would normally.Are you a woman who loves designer shoes? There are several racks available in a multitude of sizes for your feet to enjoy...as long as you don't mind wearing shoes someone else has worn. For the REALLY nice shoes, however, there's a glass case towards the back of the store. Here, you'll find your Burberry's, Fendi's, etc.All the way at the back of the store, behind the register, there are high end purses and wallets. Even though you're getting them at a discounted price, some of these items are STILL quite expensive. Either way, top quality stuff, better prices than usual.Alright...now for the guys...as long as you're shopping for your lady friend, you'll be sure to find something you like. If you're shopping for yourself, you'll be hard pressed to find much of a selection. There are only two hanging sections of men's tops just to give you a good idea of how sparse the selection is for men.If you're a woman looking for a great deal on high fashion, you will undoubtedly be in HEAVEN when you shop here. If you're a man looking for something for your lady, you too will be in shopping bliss. But, if you're a man looking for something for you, you're really rolling the dice.
2	I have never been impressed with the clothes and shoes they sell in this store. Everything is outdated and looks very worn and faded. It's like shopping at a garage sale, but way more expensive. I did find one dress a few months back, but after wearing it once, the seam fell out. I brought in a bag of clothes to sell to them and they rejected all but one of my items and said that they were out of season. Seriously? Everything in this store is out of season!  By years! I haven't seen clothing like this since the early episodes of Friends. I mean, come on. No thank you.
5	This store is so cute!! I bought a pair of boots today that were so cute! They were Steve Madden with studs! My friend and I continued our shopping day at fashion square and Steve Madden still had my boots!!!! Can you believe it I got such a deal!!! I love this store!!!!! I go at least once a week for a great find!!
4	I don't come to this side of the shopping center much...or ever really... but one of my sister's wanted to hit up Nordstrom Rack and we made a few stops along the way. This is a super cute store - I love shopping at resale shops and reducing the "hey I know where you got that" phenomenon whenever possible. Everyone but my Mom found something worthy of buying - they had some great clothes/shoes/bags and even better prices!
5	Some of the complainers must live in parallel universes or be super-sensitive.  I love, love, love Robi and her staff.  I've consigned numerous things there and, though some may feel they'd do better on eBay, the problem with that theory is you would have to do the work of listing, selling, packing, and shipping; and spend money on supplies and postage.  Here I drop off my stuff, and pick up a check a month later. Easy peasy.  However, I've come across so many great finds when I've gone to pick up my check, I often don't make it out of there with my check.  I am not going to say what my amazing finds have been; I don't need the competition.  In fact, avoid this store at all costs.  I want the amazing discounts on new & used merchandise all to myself.  Forget this post.  Forget that the very same items may be selling right this minute at Kierland or Fashion Square for 4 to 6 times as much.  This post never happened.
5	This store is AMAZING!! I am new to the area and happened to walk by it after getting my nails done! The inventory is amazing! Full of designer and name brand items at low prices! I got a Louis Vuitton handbag which I am obsessed with! I try and stop by at least once a week! The staff is soooo friendly they recommended all kinds of things to me which was so helpful being new to the area! I also follow them on Facebook gives me first dibs on all of the good stuff! They even let me buy stuff over the phone! Thanks again Urban Exchange will continue to shop with you!
5	This store has such cute designer items for cheap! They have such designers as Diane Von Furstenberg, Free People, Hudson Jeans, True Religion, French Connection, and BCBG. In addition to clothes and shoes, they have accessories such as purses, wallets, and jewelry, including a few items from Tiffany & Co. I eyed a cute Chanel tote and a black Balenciaga city bag behind the counter for a very reasonable price considering how much they are originally. Sample prices that I saw: Hudsons for less than $40, and a Free People dress for $30.The saleslady was very friendly and nice. If you consign with them, you can get 50% cash or 60% credit- not a bad rate! They also offer a 30 day layaway program for purchases over $100.
5	I went in here on a whim when I passed by it. I must admit, I was a bit hesitant to go in because I feel like most places wouldn't give me the time of day since I don't look the part. However I was very pleased, both woman were pleasant and more then happy to help me. I didn't feel pressured and it was easy to just browse the store. I really like that in a store and I will definitely be back.
