1	My leather did not last at all. It is only my husband and myself and in less than 2 years the leather looks so worn I need to replace it. Contacted this store and although they sent someone out to make sure the leather wasn't defective, I was treated very rudely, told me people that complain about the quality of furniture normally do not have the funds or are unwilling to take care of the furniture properly.
5	This is the second time I have bought Furniture from Creative Leather. There new location is beautiful.  Mark  who I have worked with before  is fabulous and once agin really help me pick out a new sectional and Dining room Table. I have not been to Creative Leather in 5 Years and was shocked to see all the new beautiful Tables and new sofas. Thanks Mark for making my experience easy and enjoyable for the second time. I love the couch I have and can't wait for the new one!!
5	We bought a large sectional sofa from Creative Leather earlier this year. The sales staff was very helpful and knowledgeable about various leather selections/options and the size of our space and the sofa that best fit. As this ended up being more of a custom selection, I was worried about the manufacturing timeframe to meet the date of a large gathering at our house. The sofa was built and ready as promised and the delivery guys hit the delivery window of time as scheduled. Matter of fact they were meticulous, laying cover on floors and corner protectors so as not to mark up walls. We had an overall great experience dealing with this company. It is not everyday you buy furniture (or at least a sofa), so we took the time to shop and view multiple places. When the time comes we will be back here to buy again. Until then, we will enjoy this well made, comfortable sofa.
5	We move to Phoenix in 1995 and got our first leather couch and chairs from Creative Leather.  Since we loved it so much and as we have changed houses over the years we have actually bought our fourth sectional and chairs from Creative Leather.  What keeps us going back, because we like the service, selection and the fact that they build them right here in Phoenix Arizona!  On our most recent purchase from Creative Leather, they designed and finished some special chairs for our wine room and a chair and ottoman for our family room that came out fantastic.
1	Extremely disappointed! The product was not what we ordered. We tried contacting customer service. They waited several weeks and sent someone out to re-stuff some of the sections. It was not well stuffed originally and still not afterwards. The corners of the cushions are sharp. Next, we mailed a letter to the address on the invoice - it was returned nothing is at that address -" not deliverable", sent a certified letter to a address we found through the web. We got a confirmation of receipt of tEh certified letter which explained our concerns. We were willing to let them have the furniture back in perfect condition for a loss of one third of the cost. We are willing to lose over 2 grand just to have the furniture removed. It sits in the living room unused(we had purchased it for our family room). They didn't care enough to contact us about our concerns. Basically there is no "customer service". It is sad that a company that manufactures here in AZ and the owner lives in Scottsdale, doesn't care. Fortunately there is another store down the street that does have 100% customer satisfaction and customer service is a priority. Their products are excellent and their sales staff goes well beyond to inform you and to be sure you are happy! Their products are excellent. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME AT CREATIVE LEATHER - AND CERTAINLY FORGET ABOUT THROWING YOUR MONEY AWAY THERE.
5	My husband and I walked into Creative Leather at 6:45 p.m. on a Friday evening.  We were greeted warmly by the manager, Stephen Besmanoff (?).  We asked for some information about Creative Leather and were impressed withe the thorough answers we were given.  Stephen spent the next hour with us, showing us options in sofas/loveseats and explaining in GREAT detail the guarantees and warrantees on the product.  When we asked to see a sample of the high grade black leather we were interested in, we were taken back into the factory so he could cut us a piece to take with us.  Needless to say, he spent 45 minutes after closing time on a Friday evening.  This is customer service I have not experienced in a long, long time. And . . . we didn't even buy anything.  We were allowed all the time we needed and were never made to feel it was "time to close".  I have since received 2 phone calls from the President of Creative leather and was equally impressed with his warmth and dedication to customer service.  Creative Leather made a wonderful first impression on us. We would encourage anyone looking for quality leather furniture to visit the factory showroom and work with Mr. Besmanoff.  It is wonderful to see a company so dedicated to making first time visitors so well informed.  Keep up the good work!
4	this is an edited review. Creative leather is fixing my sofa. I thought the sofa was collapsing. It is not, the cushions are flat as I thought Down fillingwas the best....they are very difficult. Creative leather is replacing, free of charge, all of my cushions to a more sturdy foam. Even though things went wrong I know that I will be happy in the end The show room was georgous. The furniture is beautiful, I am so happy I don't have to replace.
