4	I make jewelry...for myself and for others. I am always looking for a great deal on the finest beads and findings. My first visit to this Michael's came on the day after Thanksgiving. Hell? No really. After elbowing through a few rows of ladies, I reached a mongo wall of strings of beads. Heaven!They have the best selection I have seen, really, anywhere. There are always coupons to be found...on their website, in the Sunday newspaper, on your door step, or sign up to get them delivered to your mailbox. It makes a major difference on your wallet. Now that's what I call a finding!
5	Friendly staff...tons of great ideas and products!  I came here after a disappointing experience at Archivers in the same mall.  From now on, I'll happily come here instead!
3	Well, it's a Michaels. Nothing particularly special there. Normally, I'd give most Michaels stores 4stars, but this one tends to be a bit messy and has the wonkiest layout of any craft store. Also, if you pop in and don't find what you're looking for, you have to loop through ALL the checkouts to exit (not just pass by one like at most similar stores). This makes me feel a bit uncomfortable if they happen to not have what I'm looking for or if I just stop in to price something, etc. Overall, a decent place. Greenway Station on the whole is a bit of a weird shopping center, but I do love that a craft store is in the mix.
2	This Michael's location is a disaster. And what's worse, all the glitter in the store and all the sparkly rhinestones still doesn't make up for the fact that customer service is dim. The fact that 5 employees can be standing in the front of the store talking about where to put the spray painted styrofoam gourds that were just marked down and not a single one is aware that customers coming in the door might want to be acknowledge and pointed in the right direction of what they seek is as crazy as buying styrofoam gourds. Why do you sell spray painted versions of something that naturally exists?! The check-out is always maddening, usually a line of 5 lovely ladies looking to scrapbook seasonal memories and me, and one person working the register who probably remembers totaling things on an abacus. I don't understand why the experience here varies so much from it's neighbor to the east where I'm greeted, helped when needed, and checked out with ease.
