3	My friend and I headed to this Borders to explore their selection of dreaded GRE books. The selection was overwhelming, but the options were good. I try to support local bookstores when I can, but I definitely enjoy browsing all the books and magazine at Borders. We stopped at the cafe afterward and got drinks. My hot chocolate was pretty elaborate - with whipped cream, white chocolate chips and a chocolate stick on top. It was all right, but I prefer Starbucks hot chocolate from Barnes and Noble. Like all Borders and all stores near SouthPark, this Borders location is very nice and clean.
2	I simply can't foresee Borders lasting the next decade.  Why, even now, would you go to Borders?Their prices are the highest you'll find for most every product they sell.  Their superstores seem to create huge overhead costs that then have to be absorbed by their books, food/coffee and movies.  Why would I pay over $20 for a movie that has been out for over a year?  Why would I pay $30 for a new release?  Why would I pay more for a book that I could get on Amazon for 20%-30% less?  Even when I get the occasional Borders gift card from the in-laws, I still leave feeling like I've been taken advantage of.I imagine the Borders founder proposed his concept the same way that the Starbucks founder did.  "See this paperback book?  I'm going to sell it for $17.  See this cup of coffee? $6.50""That's ridiculous.  There's no way people are going to pay that much when they can go elsewhere.""Oh, but they will."I'm going to start the next mega chain by charging $70 for an oil change and putting a chandelier and leather furniture in the waiting lobby.Yet Borders always seem to have a steady supply of patrons.  I can only imagine that every one of them is unable to use a mouse and keyboard, or simply has more money than they know what to do with.Nothing against Borders fans, of course.  To each his/her own.  But why?!
2	Super huge mega-bookstore, I have to wonder how this place manages to stay open in this modern age of Internet purchasing. It's all so %#@ expensive!That said, I did need to browse since I didn't know exactly what I wanted (Dutch to English phrase book). I did find two such books and bought both. Thankfully, these are part of a business trip and were therefore expensable. A couple of days later, I decided I didn't need them and returned to the store. No questions, no hassle, I was given an immediate credit back to my corporate card. (Apparently, Dutch pride themselves on their language skills and nearly everyone speaks English.)Would I return? Probably only if I really need something and can't wait for the UPS guy to bring it to me from Amazon.
3	Two competing bookstores across the street from one another...which one will get the most business? Border's isn't my first choice, but it's a great store!This location has a fresh look, big space, and plenty of seating. Because of the structure of the building, there is limited natural lighting, but they've done a nice job to make it well lit. There is a quiet patio off of the coffee area (although the patio is off limits after dark). They offer free, ample coffee table space, and the music overhead is calming.The big plus is that they have toilet seat liners in their bathrooms! Great job with the ample selection of books, nice coffee area, and soothing atmosphere...I'll be back.
