5	AWESOME!!!the only hot yoga in centre-ville so it does get jammed packed!!get there 30 mins early to set up and get your spot and meditate.
1	Dirty change room.
4	Moksha yoga is very tough, but you feel great afterwards. I've done two classes at this studio so far and think the teachers are really good. The facilities are nice, studio is spacious (but it is popular and gets packed), and it is a challenging session of yoga. The staff is very friendly and helpful. They have locks available if you want as well as mats and towels for rent/sale, so they are fully equipped for whatever you need.If you enjoy hot yoga, it is a very good studio to try. I'm about to start a 30 day yoga challenge here... wish me luck ;).
5	You either love it or you despise it and I love love love it! I've been going to Moksha for two years now and I can't get enough. I started with the $5 karma classes on Friday nights (3 classes through the night and donations go to charity) which are jam-packed with people. Some people really hate it. But I kind of love being surrounded by people of all types and I love the heat (especially in the MTL winter) so I say go! The regular classes are less packed (although still busy if you go around 5-6pm) and they have 10 and 20 passes and student discounts. They also offer $5 community classes in the mornings if you can make them and want to save some dollars. Lastly, they have some awesome special classes (such as yoga with djs once a month) that are worth checking out!
4	I was visiting Montreal for a week and thought to myself "why not get a first-timer's weekly yoga pass? It'll be super cheap and I can keep in shape while I travel...". And I did. It was $20 for the week. Normally, I hate the kind of yoga Moksha offers: it's all (or mostly) hot yoga, the studio is amazingly cramped, the changing room and showers aren't particularly inviting... But, I actually had a great experience there. I guess reason being the teachers were great, they can really push you to get out of your head with all its silly thoughts and worries, and focus instead on your body, your movements, and the inner self. Another great thing about the teachers I've had here: they don't do that whole "pretend you are an eagle, open your chakras, and grow from the base of your spine". Perhaps some people like that kinda talk, I personally find it confusing and humorous, so I prefer teachers with a simpler, more down to earth lexicon. Two more notes: free delicious tea and the crowd here is pretty sweet. Namaste.
4	Great spot for hot yoga. Awesome teachers, friendly staff, and the routines may vary a bit from a teacher to another, which makes you try a couple new postures from a class to another. Would definitely recommend, even for a hot yoga newbie!
5	My favorite yoga studio!
2	The actual class (drop in Community) was amazing, super great practice, amazing flow, great room temperature. BUT my friend and I are not from Montreal, and we were a minute late to class (arrived at 8:45 and that's what time we started) because we did not know where we were going and found it a bit hard to find. Upon entering the studio, we were immediately made to feel very bad about being late, which we already did, but the woman originally at the counter assured us that the class hadn't actually started. She took our 5 dollars and then disappeared, not showing us where to put our stuff or even where the class room was. We were left to be yelled at by numerous (I assume) staff members, tearing us apart for being late and sighing and moaning at basic questions like "can we use the mats?" The amount of time wasted in us being persecuted and not helped in any way made us actually late for the class, which made it very hard to concentrate on the practice. What I did notice in the class, however, was the woman who had originally taken our money in such a rush was in the class as a student, very interesting that she hadn't just walked us into the class as it was her destination as well - eager to take our money but not to give us any service...
4	beach bod in progress.
4	I've been going to this studio on a fairly regular basis since 2009, mostly during the winter but sometimes during the summer. For the most part I have had very positive experiences, and have enjoyed yoga classes there, leaving stretched and serene. Their instructors are great. Even better: they now list who teaches what classes at what time on their website so I can go to the classes taught by instructors whose teaching style I prefer.The culture of the studio has generally been calm and chill, a no-cellphone-zone oasis in the city of Montreal, although there was one occasion an instructor was talking on his cellphone in the studio lounge area after the class... when their own policies and website state "Please turn off your cellphone in the studio." It's silly, but the cellphone policy is something I've really appreciated.Overall, I would recommend this studio based on the historically very good experiences I've had there. It's a big studio with very nice decor and overall great instructors. The basics: they have showers, the place is quite clean and nice smelling due to burning incense, they provide things like hair elastics and hair dryers, warm tea for after or before your practice, comfy seating in the lounge area, and a couple books should you want to reflect a bit on your practice. There are lockers, and they have some locks to lend you if you forget your own. Towels and mats are for rent if you forget yours. The benefits of moksha yoga I've found great, and especially during the harsh Montreal winter it's a great mood booster.
