4	You MUST try this place! If you're having a hard time finding good authentic Salvadoran food, look no further. This quaint little eatery serves delicious, made-to-order South American cuisine. It gets my vote for the best papusas in the West Valley.The staff is wonderful. Their service is excellent. The food is always fresh. This isn't fast food so call ahead or be prepared to wait. I prefer to eat in. It's well worth it.
5	By far the best pupusas on the west side. Each one ranges from 1.80 to 2 buck's. The staff is super friendly also. The only thing I don't like is they charge a dollar to run debit.
4	I must confess that this was my first time eating Salvadoran food.  I don't know much about Salvadoran cuisine except that pupusas are a staple and after my first bite, I'm kicking myself for not trying pupusas earlier.  I wish I ordered two!  While nachos are pretty standard everywhere, I will say their beans are quite flavorful and doesn't seem to be the generic straight-out-of-the-can kind.  It's really nothing to write home about but it was still tasty and I'm glad I shared because it was a pretty big portion .  Their pupusas though...  Oh my.  Thick cornmeal tortillas filled with cheese and pork for around $2 a pop.  It came with a cabbage slaw and this watery tomato salsa.  I don't know if I was eating it correctly but I piled my pupusas with some slaw, sprinkled on the salsa, and tore into it with my hands.  Hey, it strikes me as street food and ain't nobody got time for a fork and knife.  It was bliss!  The pupusas was delicious without the slaw and salsa but with everything on it, it was refreshing and even more flavorful.  My mouth is drooling just thinking about today's lunch.Cristina's is a nice clean restaurant with a slow but steady crowd.  The cashier was friendly, answered all our noob questions, and was patient.  Their staff size seems to consist of two people so it's a bit of a wait but it's definitely worth it.  I'll definitely be sneaking over this gem of a place while I work.  :)
4	Nice little find.This was my first visit to Christina's. I have spent some time in central America and each country his it's own unique food styles and flavors.Christina's is of Salvadorian origin, and they serve  Pupusa (corn tortillas filled with either cheese, beans, chicharon, loroco or mixed) and the pupusa at Christina's are delicious and at a mere $2 each, it doesn't get much better.  You have to top your pupusa with repollo (cabbage salad) and tomota sauce; its a meal in themselves. My lunch companion had the beef flatas, Rice, and beans.  The flatas were good but the rice and beans were somewhat bland. However, in all fairness rice and beans are not one of my favorites choices.The atmosphere at Christina's is realxing, the waitstaff is very friendly and acomdating, and the food was good. Christina's is a definite must if you appreciate good Latin food for a reasonable price.
5	Another great visit here. Love the food and the service is great. Had the banana empanadas and the huevos rancheros. So good and I love their horchata.
5	This place is outstanding! Never had Salvadorean Food before and was very pleasantly surprised.Got two pork, bean and cheese Pupusa's and a side of rice and beans. These things were great and became outstanding when combined with the red and green sauce they give you. I liked the green sauce on the pupusa's and the red sauce on the rice and beans. My wife and I both loved it.Finished with some banana empanadas and they were good as well. Will definitely be back to this place.
4	Great food. Only bad thing no beer or wine. Portions very large. Friendly service. We all were stuffed. Awesome beans!!!!!
4	Cristina's Restaurant, by far is one of the best restaurants I've been to.It's always a fun experience every time my boyfriend and I dine in this restaurant. The food is outstanding,surprising combinations of ingredients, out of this world! Its definetely a fun experience following all the instructions on how to eat your 12 courses. I recommend this restaurant! You will love the food and the experience! Its worth a try!!
5	Delicious food,popussas,enchiladas,empanadas,chichanero's all great.Tortilla chips made on site,great sauces.I tryed the yuca root which I loved so will have again...Highly recommended over the bland chain restaurants..friendly service and I love the Drinks,Horchata etc..
