5	I was extremely happy that we chose Cool Cuts 4 Kids for my son's first big boy hair cut. He was instantly comfortable and drawn in by all of the friendly things they have for children. He was given the choice of a movie or playing a video game, of course knowing exactly what he wants went straight for the video game (Sonic on XBOX). It was pretty much a breeze from that point the little guy was hypnotized and didn't even realize what was going on w/ his beautiful, lovely long hair =( obviously they need to focus on distracting the mom's lol! Jessie who cut my sons long hair was a doll, she didn't seem to be bothered by the mother breathing down her neck as she hacked off my little's hair or the boyfriend taking a copious amount of pictures and video of the whole event. In the end my son looked great and I was a happy mama, I couldn't have asked for a better experience.
2	I am extraordinarily disappointed with the recent service my daughter and I have received at Cool Cuts recently. We have been loyal customers for a long time, but are now considering taking our business elsewhere. On our most recent visit, I arrived and was told they had no record of an appointment for us. I had made the appointment a mere 4 hours before at that location, and it was confirmed by an employee on the phone. On on our previous visit, despite again having a confirmed appointment, we were forced to wait 30 minutes before being seen. This is ridiculous.
2	this is the second time i have been to this location the first time was fantastic my son's hair was cut by a lady named Tracey but this time a lady by the name Sue cut his hair it was horrendous all choppy and uneven Now the worse part is they made excuses for it and made me feel as though i was trying to get something for nothing ..far from it Fact is it was so bad I had my sons hair buzz cut to just start over Thank God he is only a year old so he really does not care BUT I DO ..I will never go back again
2	Lady was nice to my daughter. DVD didn't work, I asked for the Deluxe which is supposed to include a shampoo, haircut and style. She washed and conditioned my daughters hair and cut it like I asked. "Styling" involved her putting a ton of glitter gel in my kid's hair and then turning on the blow dryer for (literally) one minute. I purchased shampoo and conditioner from them and all told I spent $70. We will not be coming back.
1	Don't bother if you care about customer service. One stylist for the entire place resulted in two walkouts in 20 minutes. Amateur hour.
1	HORRIBLE!!!! We took our son in for his very first hair cut ever. He was the perfect kid. He didn't move around and just smiled the whole time. The stylist was very unfriendly, didn't try and make it a fun experience and butchered my child's hair. There are chunks of hair missing all over. The front looks like a toddler cut his hair for him. Not even the side burns are even. I am sooooooooo disappointed. I drove 25 minutes to take my son here for his first hair cut to give him the experience of being in a kid place and plus I was super nervous for him to have his first hair cut. I am so disappointed and now I have to take him in somewhere else to have it fixed because of how bad the stylist did. DO NOT TAKE YOUR KIDS HERE!!!!
