4	This HT is on the smaller side compared to some of the other HT locations in Charlotte.  Still has lots of options and all the sections.  I always end up going here late to try to pick up last minute items so I don't ever get to see the deli, bakery, or seafood department opened - It would probably be safe to assume they are fairly good since the other HTs around town are of high quality service-wise.  This location also doesn't seem too busy - may be due to the Wal-mart across the street, but that makes for some nice elbow room and decent shopping (I hate feeling like I am in a zoo).  Grocery shopping is bad enough regularly - so it's good when you have room to breathe and have a decent selection to choose from.
3	I'm used to the Harris Teeters that have crap a grocery store just shouldn't have. Stuff like a fresh sushi bar, An artisan breadmaker, a morbidly large cheese section, a butcher, a baker, and a candlestick-maker.Not so much this one. This one falls short in size and selection of non-essential Harris Teeter offerings. For a grocery store it does what it's supposed to do way better than most other chains. As a Harris Teeter, it's more like the slightly-retarded (can we still not use that word in today's society?) adopted child.The cheese section is barely there, just your standard stuff as opposed to the barrage of different types and styles found at other HTs.  In other HTs you can practically eat the equivalent of a 3-course meal just on the samples they have out, not so much for Sarids' HT, cheese and a cookie is all you get. The do have a selection of different types of olives by the pound but that's roughly it.But! What they do have is great. Today we went to the awesomely-priced and incredibly good sub shop. Becky and I split a foot long meatball marinara sub which was excellent. We also got ourselves a bowl of she crab soup which was really freaking good.HTs for me usually get 4 stars but this one only got 3 cuz it falls short in comparison to other ones.
4	I really enjoy this Harris teeter. It's never crowded. We live near the Cotswold Harris Teeter, but prefer to go to this smaller one because of how easy it is to find parking, get what we need, and get out quickly. The employees are very helpful and friendly as well.
1	From the north and looking for a good grocery store?  Stop wasting your time.  There is a grocery store where I grew up in NY called Wegmans and it is continuously voted #1 in the country every year, and not by a hair, it's a long shot.  So, I am not holding Harris Teeter to the same standard, but HT is terrible by any standard.  I don't know if it's the lack of food diversity in the south or HT's fault, but I have a difficult time finding many ingredients I need for cooking at home.  The prices here are higher than those of Wegmans in NY...that's right, higher than the #1 food store in the country in one of the most expensive states in the country.  The prepared foods section at HT is awful.  There are no decent hot meals; terrible taste and variety.  The bakery is no good either.  I have bought 4 different pies and returned them all.  Visit a NY bakery and learn what good is.  Deli?  Forget about it!  The standard is far below what it should be here.  I think the corporate QC people of this company need to visit some other high rated grocers around the country to learn where they're lacking.  Food Lion and Bi Lo are crap and pretend to be nothing better.  The annoying part about HT is that they charge out the roof and anyone who has never left Charlotte thinks this is the greatest place on earth.  And one last thing, what the heck is with the check outs?  They're backwards!  You hand your cart to the checkout person, they slowly unload it, the bag dispenser is on the rotating track the groceries are supposed to be on, while you're waiting to pay there is a checkout person 2 feet behind you unloading a cart and bumping into you, and you're left feeling like you just fell into an episode of the twilight zone.  The only thing I dislike about Charlotte (besides terrible drivers) is the lack of quality food and grocers.  I wish a better grocer would merge or buy HT.  Better yet, I wish a better grocer would move to Charlotte and kill HT in market share.  If you follow commercial real estate, you'll notice that HT buys prime locations where competitors make locate, and sits on them.  This is their tactic.  Don't compete in the market on quality, put up barriers to entry.  Scum bags.
