5	Best apartments I have ever lived in! The apartments are in great shape, inside and out... Everything is relatively new from the kitchen appliances, laundry room and fixtures... It all has a modern look that is clean and sophisticated. Tons of grass for my dog to run around in as well as a pools and a sand volleyball court that's relatively close to all the apartments.As for the tenants, everyone for the most part appears presentable and keeps up with the look of the complex. Driving through the parking lot all the vehicles are well kept and look nice. There's dog poop stations everywhere and people actually use them, it's great!Definitely the place to live if your looking for a new home.
4	I have lived here for about 18 months and have really enjoyed it. When I moved in here, Mark Taylor was managing it but it has changed to a new management company. The new management is great, not better or worse than Mark Taylor. I have always had good experiences with them and they have always tried to work with me. The apartments are nice and new and clean. Its generally quiet and, unless you have an abnormally noisy neighbor (as I do), then you usually wont hear the people around you. The grounds are well kept and the pool/club house are extremely nice. I really have had an overall very good experience with the apartment complex. I am moving out though because they have raised the rent for my lease renew. Although they raised it, the staff in the office worked with me for about two weeks trying to get it lower but their upper management didnt make that possible.
4	I have lived here for about 9 months now and am very pleased with this apartment complex. I was lucky enough to get one of the units with wood flooring witch is a huge plus to me. The complex is very well kept inside and out. The staff is very helpful and always friendly. My only two complaints that are keeping me from giving 5 stars are:1. Pool size, the main and only heated pool is way to small for the size of the complex, it can get a bit crowded on the weekends. There is a second pool but its not heated.2. Guest parking, its virtually non existent if your apartment is in the back of the grounds like mine.
4	I've been living here for 8 months now and I am much more happier than my last appt., which was a Mark Taylor property. The staff in the front office are very professional and friendly. They have always helped me, even with stuff that wasn't part of there job! The appts. are very nice and clean looking. Any issues that I have had, maintenance has been there the same day to resolve. The only bad thing is the guest parking is limited, which is the same for most all appt. complexes and the front pool is small, but I love the fact that there are 2 pools. Overall, one of the best appts. I have ever lived and if you do your homework, you will see that there pricing is better than most places in this area.
4	I have lived here over a year and for the most part, I am quite happy. The grounds and facilities are kept up. The apartments and appliances are fairly new so they need little work. When I do need maintenance they are always fast and friendly. The office staff are all very friendly and eager to help out. They are the best group I have ever dealt with at any apartment complex. In part of the complex I live in, there is an abundant amount of guest parking. My only complaint is that there is a lot of loud partying going on at the complex. People are often wandering outside drunk, loud and fighting.
2	My daughter has rented here for three years, been a great renter, always on time with her rent, very clean etc.   They raised her rent every year and last month she decided to move due to the high rent raise.  In the meantime found a roommate  but, they had already rented her place to someone else.   She wanted to stay even though it would involve moving and they had three of the same exact floorplans available but would not rent to here at the same price they had raised her rent to, $990.00.   They told her how they all wanted her to stay but if she did would now have to pay $1,132.00 instead.   Not flexible as truly, they did not care about her at all.   What a joke!   Once again, it's all about the money.
4	I have had great customer service fromMetroPointe since day 1, when Mark-Taylor still owned the place. I've lived here for 2+ years. Currently, Justin, Megan and Heather are great and always greet me with a smile and great conversation. I consider them more than just associates or "the people from the office." They are awesome. The amenities and the look of the complex will make you feel like you live on a resort. Not as big of a pool as other complexes and not a big gym. They are also not 24 hours but they are more than enough. The apartments are spacious with all black appliances. I love it here. The only knock is parking. Something that the people who work here can't control. So, I dont knock them for it. If you want to feel welcomed and be more than just a number, then I would definitely recommend MetroPointe!
3	The facilities are well kept & the property is pet-friendly as a gated community, with different rent prices to fit your lifestyle. However, upon move-out, I was given instructions to return my keys via mail for check out. When I did so, I was fined $170 for "improper move-out" by the very person who gave me these instructions. The communication certainly could have been better.
2	Nice complex. Nice clubhouse/pool/grassy area. Friendly staff.My issue with this place is that for the price it seems they could wrap a lot of the costs into a single fee. I've never lived in a place that "nickel and dimed" their residents more than this place. It seems I'm charged for every little thing. Hold fee, admin fee, application fee and move-in fees. Trash, water and gas and electric are not included in rent. To have a pet I not only paid a non-refundable deposit AND a refundable deposit but I also pay a monthly "pet rent" despite the fact that my pet has never once had an accident inside the house.
5	The Metropointe is probably the best deal for quality rentals in SW Tempe. It's quite affordable for all the amenities it has - two small pools with hot tubs, a small 24hr gym, storage, it's gated, you get one covered parking spot with a rental and it has a club house with out door lounge and free wi-fi, pool and coffee. The office staff are helpful and honest and grounds are kept up really well. A shout out to the awesome staff at Metropointe! If a rental in the area is cheaper in price, it will be cheaper in quality as will. Even if you find a  comparably priced apartment in the area you probably won't get as nice a rental as this.  Basically you would normally pay more for a place like this in the Valley.My Fiancee and I have lived here for almost a year and plan to renew our lease.
5	I have lived here for almost 2 years and I can't think of one true complaint I might have about this place.The staff,  both maintenance and office, have all been friendly and helpful, I would even say cool. No crazy, intrusive inspections. The grounds are clean. I love that they have recycling bins and filtered water machines. I live in the 1 bedroom model and the space is perfect. I don't feel like I am living in an urban sardine can. For as many units as it has, it's for the most part very quiet. I haven't heard my neighbors fight or party. Although, I did have a week where I thought I was going to freak on my neighbor with whom I shared my bedroom wall, who also loved to wake up to Christian rock/r&b at 4:30am but curiously right before I sent in a noise complaint, the music stopped...Weirdly and all of a sudden... It just stopped. :)The appliances are nice but I hate the pantry (at least in my unit) it is hard to organize but laundry space is awesome. It's a little pricey. Don't lock your bike up outside, I got both of mine stolen the first month. Ohhh... And I also had my cars antenna stolen. Why would someone still a car antenna? Still a mystery to me. But hey let's be real, what do you expect when it is a stones throw away from Guadalupe which in its own way can be charming. I lived at Mission Springs and West Grove (909 West now) apartments and hated both. I recommend full heartily recommend Metropointe.
3	Nice complex well kept apartments and amenities. I have never been charged so much for fees in a apartment complex
5	I've lived in Metropointe with my wife for 7 months now and have no complaints. The leasing process was easy and the e-signature option was nice. Online portal for payments works well. I've needed service for my A/C once and maintenance was quick to respond after hours and took care of the problem.Justin in the leasing office has always been very helpful and was great in helping us get our lease renewed at the terms we were looking for.
