1	DO NOT!! I REPEAT DO NOT GO HERE!! I got a coupon in the mail from Big O Tires for a free oil change. I went down to this exact shop and I told them I needed the oil change and my tires rotated also. They told me they couldn't do the tire rotation because the tires were going bald, which is understandable. They tried to sell me new tires but I did not have money ready at the time so i denied it. I went to pick up my car when the oil change was done and when I got home I parked the car and didn't drive anywhere else for the evening. I wake up to go to work in the morning and all 4 tires are completely flat (on the rim). I took it to Discount Tires and they pulled the tires out, there were 14 nails total in the 4 tires and metal shards. All the nails were on the side wall so that the tires were not patchable, I had to replace them all. A free oil change turned into me having to buy all new tires for me brand new VW Jetta. Do Not Go to this shop. They will screw you over!!
1	I have been ripped off here too many times.  And it seems everytime I go someone else is getting ripped off as well.1st, I bought 4 tires and was supposed to get $300 of free gas(promo).  Never got any gas and the ownership just shrugged their shoulders and said they were considering stopping the promotion cause they got so many complaints.  He then gave me a number to call, and they couldn't help me either. 2nd,  They check air pressure for free, but when the tech broke the hub cap while taking it off, it was MY problem.3rd, I got an alignment done $80 and the report they gave me showed that tires were still off centered, border lining on the unaccepatable range , the tech was unable to explain what the numbers meant but said that was usually as close as they can get, and the car still pulls the same way it did before I took it in.Why does this shop have to be so close to my house?  Do not take your car here, whatever you do.
1	My wife took our car here for an ac service. It just needed to be charged. So they said yes it needed to be charged but it also had all kinds of other things that had to do with the ac that needed to be replaced all totaling upwards of $700. My wife said that was too much and she was going somewhere else, so then they hit her with a $30 diagnostic fee that was not agreed upon beforehand. Buncha crooks. We took it to Sunset Auto on Boulder highway and it was $200 and they checked for leaks and found none. Avoid this place like herpes.
1	This place is filled with techs and service writer that don't know what they are talkin about. They try to sell me things that I don't need. Also told me that I need to do brakes on my car. I had them show me the brake pads and they are not due to be replace. I know this because I've been a tech for Honda for 8 years and the only reason that I'm at this place is because I don't have time to do an oil change my self. Stay away from this place they are full of crap and not to mention the service is horrible
5	I called prior to my visit and was recommended that I drop my vehicle off due to a back up in schedule. I was given a 2-3 hour ETA. I then made arrangements to be picked up and not 1/2 hour later was told my car was almost ready. They delivered a warm reassuring welcome and as my co-wrker put it, "they take the anger out of spending money!" Of all the places I've serviced my car, I finally found home.  It was very much worth the drive.
1	Will never even think about this place ever again. The so-called "mechanic" was unprofessional. Damaged my car while attempting to drive up the ramp to perform an alignment on my car. I have to "YELL" at the tech guiding him to stop while I demanded the tech that drove my car to get out. Very immature "mechanics" as they were yelling comments as I was driving off to another location for my alignment service. This was my fault bringing my car here. Presentation speaks loud. Their image was horrible. Looked like they came right out of high-school driving beaters who claimed themselves' as professionals.Tsk Tsk on meThe owner/manager was even worst. White man with gray hair.
1	I went to Big O Tires the other day.  They are right across the street from my apartment, so I figured it would be easy to just walk home to wait for my tires.  Bad idea.  This is the first (and last) time I made a purchase this big in Vegas without consulting Yelp... never again.I think I must come across as some naive young girl who knows nothing about cars.  This is not the case :)  Mechanics need to really be careful who they prey upon, because some of us aren't as gullible as we seem.  When my tires were done being put on, the salesperson dragged me to the back to show me that my "front struts were leaking."  My car only has 30,000 miles on it, so that is very atypical.  Furthermore, they didn't appear to be leaking at all.  I told the mechanic that I didn't think it was an urgent matter... but he pressed me and said that I would be unsafe to drive any further without getting them fixed.  I told him I would take it to my dealership since it is under warranty, but he pressed me and pressed me to let him do the work for $700.  Yeah right.  I could smell a rat.Curiosity got the best of me and I took my car to my regular mechanic.  Sure enough, he said that a)the struts were NOT leaking, and b)it looked like they had smeared oil on the area to make it LOOK like the struts were leaking.  My mechanic said that he had NEVER seen such a blatant attempt to swindle someone.  I am currently pursuing this matter with higher-ups at Big O Tires (I am a future attorney... it's in my nature).  I don't care about the money, but I DO care that this doesn't happen to anyone else who might buy into the ploy.  Things like this make me sick to my stomach... who has money lying around these days to just throw at these crooks????
5	Friday noon time. Helped right away. $20 off and all around nice experience. ALSO GAVE ME A FREE OIL CHANGE w/o even asking for it. THX Jerry
4	While leaving from school the other day, I noticed my tire was cracked and splitting in more than one spot.  I walk around and see another tire cracking too.  Mind you, I just had my car serviced this past weekend and they didn't notify me, but marked on the paper that the tires were fine.  I figured they would tell me they needed to be changed since they haven't been changed since I got the car  in '08, but no.  They also said my windshield wipers were fine, but they also needed replacement.  Awesome, not so much.  Called this place and service was great.  They replaced the two tires without trying to scam me by telling me other things wrong with the car.  They changed them, and also notified me the other two need to be changed in the near future, because they were past due. Sooner than later. The price wasn't awful, but who wants to pay for new tires out of the blue?  The lady at the front was really nice as well. I will be going back to replace my other 2 tires in the near future.
5	I have had nothing but positive experiences from this Big O Tires. From the customer service, to the quality of the work done to my vehicle, to the timeliness of their work....this is the only place I trust for my Infiniti (even more so than the Infiniti dealership itself!)Phil, the manager, is awesome, knowledgeable and he leads a great team. I am not like most women, I actually know my way around my car, but I have never felt like I am being pressured into purchasing a service I really don't want to do or can't afford. They'll suggest items for me to be aware of on the bottom of my receipt and I'll be on my merry way. Because they don't push me is one of the many reasons I keep coming back.I have had thousands of dollars of work done here; from tires, brakes, rotors, belts, cam shaft sensors, a radiator & more. I always know I am getting quality work and quality products. They always offer to take me home if I have to leave my car there, they will advise me if there are any coupons they can apply to my bill, and they have a nice waiting room with a TV and complimentary bottled water. When I get my car back it is never greasy or dirty from the service techs getting in and out of my car. They leave it the way they found it, which I appreciate. Also, they have never ever charged me to put air in my tires or to rotate my tires. I have tried swinging by other places and they want to charge me $15. Umm, no! Just makes me realize that I get spoiled here. I even recently went in and told them I was a "Yelper" and they gave me a free oil change!! You should do the same :)5 stars!!
5	I had a wonderful experience with this location. I am new in town and was looking for a reliable, trustworthy shop to service my two vehicles. The staff welcomed me like I was their most important customer when I arrived. I told them I had come across some great reviews on Yelp, which lead me to them. What came next was remarkable, they changed my oil and rotated my tires for free when I mentioned that I am a Yelper. A fee oil change, amazing!To top that off, they also ran their Diagnostic Needs Analysis (DNA) test as part of their service, free of charge. This is a test to determine the integrity of your vehicle's fluids. When I returned,  there was no sales push, they review the DNA test with you to show you actual results against a chart in the DNA booklet, so I could see the health of my vehicle against their test so i can make any decision i would like based on actual, visual results for additional services.Fast, friendly, trustworthy and dependable. They have a customer for life. Thanks guys, job well done, keep up the great work!
5	Went in for the first time to get an oil change and tire rotation. Jay was SO helpful and even showed me another problem that was contributing to my wheel shaking. None of that crazy sales pressure that makes me dread car maintenance! Great service and no issues using my coupon! Thanks guys:)
4	I noticed my wife's tires were staring to wear and crack. Not wanting her to have any problems in our &@;:@"?, traffic I went to my neighborhood Big O.From the time I arrived I was met with friendly service. Less than 90 minutes later I left with a new set of tires, and did not feel violated by the price!I have purchased tires elsewhere in the past, but after this experience, In the future I will definitely check here as well.
4	I was referred to Big O by a friend. I received an estimate and decided to go ahead with the services I needed. Jay was very helpful and knowledgeable about the tires and services that my car required. He kept me up to speed on the progress of my vehicle throughout the day.
1	I received a coupon in the mail for a 12.99 oil change.  I was expecting it to be more because I have a truck and it needs a few extra quarts and I would probably need a better grade of oil.  When I get to the counter the asst manager is there and tells me I need synthetic oil and it's going to be $65.00 and that's a discount. I ask him i he can check my blinkers because I they are not working he says ok and mentions one of my tires are low.I have had my Toyota for 4 years and I have never used synthetic.  I argue and get nowhere the manager shows up and says, you can use conventional oil but we don't carry 20 weight and that's what your truck requires.  At this point my truck is already being worked on and I am leaving for a trip the next day.  So I call Toyota and talk to one of there techs. The tech confirms my truck takes conventional oil.  He is blown away that Big O would not have the conv oil for my truck. I talk to manager again he confirms the only oil they have for my truck is synthetic.  They finish with my truck and I ask if they checked the blinkers and try didn't the manager changes them out himself right away.  They never filed my tires with air or check my other fluids my windshield wiped fluid was never filled it was empty.  Do not get ripped off from Big!!
5	I got an oil change, and they did a free inspection for free. My rear tires were balding so I had to get new tires. Phil quoted me a really good price that I couldn't turn down! He took really good care of my car. And they all work fast. Thanks Phil! Great customer service.
1	Their dishonesty was very upsetting...  I went in for an oil change because the place is close to my home.  I was told the oil drain plug was stripped. (The plug is screwed in, so if the plug thread is stripped, the plug cannot stay in the drain.) I need to replace the oil pan, which is about $400. I didn't do it that day because I didn't have the time.  The car started leaking oil on my garage floor that night.  (There was no oil leaking before that day.)  I didn't want to go back to Big O and instead took my car to my usual mechanic, who is farther away from my home.  My mechanic told me that it was not that easy to strip the oil plug, though there is no proof Big O stripped it.  Here was what really upset me: When I did the oil change at Big O, they checked other things and gave me recommendations on repairs. They said one of the axle was broken and the grease from that axle had been spun off and could be seen everywhere around the axle.  I told that to my mechanic, and he asked me into his shop and look from under the car.  There was no grease!  The axle was fine!  I had a couple of oil changes at this Big O before and was quite pleased.  But never again will I go there.  Nor should you.
2	I'm giving big o tires 2 stars simply for the fact of lying. I came in for a flat tire which they fixed for free. They then told me my back brake pads were at 20% remaining and I should consider replacing them. I bought my own brake pads and went to my normal mechanic to have them installed. They told me I still had 60% remaining! Please don't get con-ed by these people.
3	I hate writing reviews because there are generally two types that do write them -- the really please and the really angry.I want to write this as a public service announcement. This Big O Tires does well with the task they are working on & fair priced. There is no doubt about that. However, I don't think they do throughout inspections (they missed several BIG mistakes that ended up costing me lots of $$ without proper warning & one was a huge safety issue aka my SEVERE shaking of the front driver wheel but the only thing I needed was a new tire in the back?)Also, be wary of the laundry list of fixes they'll give you. Don't expect them to be consistent with what needs fixed either. None of my problems were ever the same when I went in there even though I had never fixed the previous repairs I needed. So, I'd advise a second opinion if possible. They lost all my trust when I added all the things up. None of the stories added up & I didn't feel safe in my car after they had "fixed" all my problems.They're getting a 3 based on the fact that I was still able to move my car from point A to B without breaking my bank completely. So, they did their job -- just not to my preferred standards.
5	The manager Matt and his staff are AWESOME! I know when I have my car serviced here I will get an HONEST assessment of what needs to be done and get professional service. They can also handle warranty work. Matt has been my mechanic for 19 years and I wouldn't trust my vehicles to anyone else.
5	They were such a big help when I got a nail stuck in my tire. The same thing just happened, going to try again.
1	My wife and I have brought our cars here for years and been fairly pleased with the service but something has changed recently (management?) because now I cannot get a straight answer out of them. I brought my car there earlier in the year for brake servicing and they tell me my brakes are fine. Then I bring it in again in the fall for inspection and now my brakes are at 2% and needs new rotors. $350 later, my brakes still sound and feel terrible, bring my car back and now it's my front brakes. These guys are are only about one thing: getting into your wallet.
