4	There is a store, bar, bait shop, gas station & restaurant here- This review is JUST for the store. Conveniently located 8 miles from Cholla Campground at Lake Roosevelt, this one-stop-shop has so much stuff crammed into a little space its just fun to check it out! They have almost every item you'd need besides groceries (Head on over to the Tonto Basin Marketplace for those items), including the all important Tonto National Forest pass for camping & boats, jet skis, trailers, etc. Reasonable prices to boot! Forgot something on your trip to the Lake- batteries, canned chili, a life vest, ski rope, sunglasses, beer???? Stop in and grab some stuff! They have it!
4	We reached this place after driving down the scariest road in American.  I was so happy to be out of the car that I think I would have been glad to stop anywhere, but I was actually really surprised at how good this restaurant was.  I got the BBQ sandwich, Mm.  I will probably never go here again because I will never ever drive that road again if I can help it, but if I did end up in the area again I would definitely stop by.
4	This place was pretty good.  Had an omelette with biscuits and gravy.  Staff was really nice and the food came out fast.
4	A hidden gem.  Service is awesome.  Prices are reasonable.  Food is very good.  We came in with a large group of motorcycles. They greeted us and made room for us right away.  I felt like they were sincerely glad to have our business and I will be back, for sure.
4	My Mom lives right up the road from Butcher Hook, so we eat there fairly often when we visit.  I have always really enjoyed the food.  Breakfast is great and the burgers are really good.  The pie is OUTSTANDING! I was surprised at how great the pie is.  The price is high, but it is understandable why.
5	Just stopped by on the way home from Lake Roosevelt and was pleasantly surprised. Great food and service and they even let us bring our Chihuahua and sit on the patio on the backside of the bar.  Had a dinner salad, Reuben and onion rings and all 3 were excellent. Great ranch dressing and the kids loved their chicken tenders and fries too.
