1	We were having a problem and they were working on an RV next to ours.  They charged us $154.00 and didn't fix anything.  In fact they caused another problem that I had to fix.  They recommended that we take it to them so they could fix it.  They diagnosed the problem, however, it was the wrong diagnoses.  Johnny Walker RV took the RV and had it fixed in a 1/2 hour and they only charged us $54.00.  I will never use these people again and I will never recommend them.  They caused more problems and fixed nothing.
1	Poorly managed. Don't even do a walk-around to make suggested (needed) repairs. Just, "So, what do you want us to fix?" Do I look like an RV repair guy? That is why I took it to them in the first place. I will follow up with this comment in the future to see how things end up.
1	I try to make a point of finding something positive in every experience, but these guys... sheesh.   When we balked at leaving our RV overnight  before anything had been done, we were told they had an "overnight" mechanic who was gonna be working on it.  Yeah, now I type it I know how stupid that sounds.  We were promised it would be ready by 12pm next day.  Time rolls around, no call, nothing - husband goes down there and NOTHING.  No one had even looked at it. Charged us a diagnostic fee to get our vehicle back, even though they had diagnosed nothing.   Don't waste your time.
1	Honestly, you have to stay on top of this business to get your service done correctly. They are not even listed as an Onan generator shop on Onan's fairly up-to-date site. It took three tries to get generator service done correctly. Each time there was a lot of humming and hawing about "well, that's just the way these things work." Any moment I was expecting one of the characters from Duck Dynasty to walk in and mumble something about the toilets are clogged with cabbage.
5	Thank goodness for Double Eagle. My folks and I were driving our 20 yr old Bounder home to Arizona, and  were coming down the grade into Las Vegas when our brakes came to the end of their service life. The brake pads started chewing into the rotors (metal to metal) by the time we reached the bottom of the hill. I was feeling pretty vulnerable to be 5 hrs from home and my trusted mechanics. We limped into an RV park where they recommended Double Eagle RV Repair.(It was only a mile away) I called Cathy, the manager, and set an appt for 9:30am. The service techs jumped right on it and actually showed us that just the front brakes were bad. The rears were still fine. Nick gave us the estimate with the price breakdown and ordered the parts. He said we would be back on the road about 3:00pm. At 2:00pm, Cathy called and told me we could pick it up at 2:20!Being a woman, I am leery of mechanics and was ready for some "extra" parts or "unanticipated" issues, but this was not the case. Just the parts and labor as quoted. Yay!The bonus for me was when Cathy and Tom said that if I was ever in the need for a second opinion about future repairs or parts needed for our RV, just shoot them an email and they would be happy to advise. I highly recommend them and would certainly return. I found them to be honest and personable.
5	After reading the other reviews I was hesitant to bring my RV here.  My experience was 5 star all the way.  They people are great and very friendly. They took care of a list of maintenance request and a couple problems I was having all with in the time promised.   I will be back.
