1	If you can avoid going to this hospital I would STRONGLY recommend doing so. Your wait time in the ER will be at least 2 hours and then another hour waiting for someone to come see you. If they start you on antibiotics, you can expect another 60 minute wait for your medicine. We had a recent incident that I can't go in to for privacy reasons but all I can say is potential lawsuit. Every time I have come to this hospital there is a hassle, staff always takes the path of least resistance, and are sometimes just downright unhelpful. I have also heard horror stories from other people about Del Webb. I'm normally not a complainer and usually have great experiences wherever I go, but it has been one thing after another with this place. If you can, drive another few miles to Arrowhead, Estrella, or Thunderbird. Even though they are all Banners, Del Webb must not invest in their staff or just don't care but whatever the case is, compassion and care is not anywhere on their list of priorities.
2	Almost as bad as Boswell. Almost.
2	I didn't have a good experience at this place, very long waits and staff didn't seem to care much.
5	My mom was recently admitted and she received wonderful care. The nurses were so nice and caring, even the housekeeping staff were great!
1	This hospital gave me the worst care, the most inept of anywhere I've ever been.  They also billed for services and medication that they did not give me, and when I disputed their billing they sent me to collections and refused to correct their errors.  I suggest avoiding ANY of the Banner hospitals, if you are looking for quality care during AND after your stay.  These people are just downright nasty.
1	My  partner  was  in  Banner  Del  Webb  Hospital  twice  in  a  six  week  period.  The  emergency  room  was  a  zoo  of  young  thoughtless  nurses  and  doctors. Very  poor  attitudes  and  not  listening  to  the  problem.  Young,  smart-ass,  know  it  all  attitudes.  Hospital  floor  3 D  is  the  pits.  Lousy  housekeeping,  bed  not  changed  in  3  days,  wastebaskets  not  dumped, floor  in  room  and  bathroom  filthy.  Toilet  seat  not  bolted  down  and  easy  for  an  elderly  patient  to  fall  off.  Some  staff  was  very  good  but  several  were  absolutly  terrible.  Whole  attitude  on  floor  3 D  needs improving.  Very  mediocre  place.  Avoid  Banner  Del  Webb  if  you  can.  Go  elsewhere.
3	I as here as a outpatient only! My experience was really mixed! Everyone was really nice, especially the volunteers. One of my problems was the delays! I came in at 9AM and was scheduled for a 10:30AM surgery. I was finally wheeled in for surgery at 2:30PM. I was able to hear everyone complaining to the head nurse that the patients need to be ready, and they have nothing to do until patients are all ready! Now besides that, my time there was very pleasant. My pre-op was also done very quickly three days prior to surgery. Overall you don't want to be at a hospital unless you are having a child! But if I had a choice! (And sometimes you don't) I would come back here.
1	I was treated in the ER, told I have a heart problem, new to me. Then I was stuck in their observation  ward for over 26 hours and no cardiologist ever showed up to check me! Twenty six hours of torture worrying about my heart! I finally left, found my own cardiologist. Stay away from this hospital! They just want patients in observation so they can bill the insurance companies BY THE HOUR!!
1	I wrote a letter to them to advise them of poor care & received a response. Their response contained false information regarding my stay and when I responded to that they ignored me.
5	Delivered my twins there and it was a wonderful experience. The nurses and doctors were wonderful. As a first time mom I was scared and had a lot of questions, they took the time to help me and work with my husband and I.If you can choose your hospital when it comes time to deliver, choose Banner Del Webb.
1	Update: To this day no one has responded to my numerous requests that they correct their errors on my medical file!
1	Do not go here if you have an emergency.  Triage was quick but the rest of the care was very slow even though the ER was empty that morning.  There were also four different nurses who came in and kept passing the job of taking blood.  They were nervous to draw blood-doesnt inspire confidence in patients.  They ran lab tests and did not give me any results.
5	The medical staff were great.  They got us in quick at e.r.!  They found us a room and scheduled surgery all during the e.r. visit.  Dr. Le explained the procedure in terms anyone could understand.
1	My friend was shaky, wobbly on his feet, trembling, weak and pasty looking.  Went to Doctor's office, blood pressure was 200/95.  Dr said he needed to be admitted and wrote a note to give to ER.  No doctor ever saw him at the hospital, only a PAC.  Took blood, urine, x-ray and cat-scan.  Didn't find the problem and would not admit him.  Even with his doctor's note written on his prescription pad, this hospital would not admit him.  If you love someone or even just like them a little, don't take them here.  Have to rate this facility, but if possible, I wouldn't give them even 1 star.
5	I delivered twins via c section at this hospital and my experience was a great one.  Staff was friendly, fast, and attentive.  Good was great and even though I didn't get to hang out too long in the birthing suite, it far surpassed any expectations I had.  The greatest thing was the level II NICU where my boys stayed for 6 weeks because they came premature.  The nurses were second to none.  Holding and comforting my lil ones when I wasn't able and explaining every step to me along the way.  I plan on going back to deliver my third, especially after taking a hospital your of a "normal" birthing suite at another hospital.  Banner is the way to go for happy deliveries!
4	My experience is with their out patient/day surgery unit.  We were warmly greeted at every step of the process.  From finding out where we needed to go, to registration, getting prepped and post-surgery, everything went pretty smoothly.  Friendly, courteous staff.  I was surprised thought how quickly they get you in and out.  Although I never felt like anything was rushed, I've been on the "waiting end" of day surgery and remember the whole process taking longer than 4 hours.  If I remember correctly, we were in by 0600 and out by 1000, give or take.  Don't get me wrong, I guess it's a good thing to get out of there as soon as possible but I was just surprised at how quickly it all happened.
5	I love this hospital. Their ER is so quick. I went in for an emergency appendoctomy and got right in. Their staff is so friendly and caring. They made me feel special during my stay and took such good care of me. If I need any surgeries in the future, I hope I would have the option of coming here.
1	Del Webb is the worst hospital to go to. Every time I have been here I had the worst care possible. When you tell them why you have come to the emergency room, they act almost as if you are lying. They'll put you in a room to sit in a chair while waiting for your results and not check on you to see if there is anything that you need and then when you need medicine you have to track down a nurse and ask them, only for them to tell you they have to speak to someone else first. Well then you wait another hour and have to go track down another nurse who then tells you that your original nurse (douche bag Chris) has taken a lunch and will be back later. So then you go through multiple nurses who give you attitude and act like you are the biggest inconvenience to them until you finally get someone who comes into help, but acts like a huge fucking prick. How do you neglect that there is multiple patients sitting all in this one room who need immediate attention and have been asking for help for hours? I finally flipped out and went off on every nurse who came in. What happened to being caring and compassionate towards your patients? Isn't that a part of being a nurse? I understand that you have long days and a lot on your plate, but it's no excuse to treat your patients poorly. I no longer will visit this hospital. Not even if I'm on my death bed. Don't get me wrong, there are less than a handful of nurses who are kind and actually care. I wish I had remembered their names, but they are wonderful. They didn't make me feel as if they needed to get me out as quickly as they can. They made me feel genuinely cared for. Thank you to you lovelies.
1	Do not go to the ER if you want a diagnosis in a timely manner!  Arrived at 10:30p and at 3:30am we are still here.  Funny how every room from the time you walk in to leaving has a poster up with their promise to care about the patient, their promise to keep you comfortable, they promise to keep the patient informed throughout the process and lastly they will make sure you understand your diagnosis.  what a joke!! In all the time we have been here we have seen the nurse once because he was passing through and spoke with the so called Dr. once only to answer questions.  He did not explain anything!  Of course the bill collector was right there asking for their share as if that was the first thing on our mind.  Please!  Banner Del-E Webb if you are going to post a promise then teach your employees the promise to begin with!!!  Still Sitting in the ER as I write this, not only have we not seen any staff but I had to go search one down for the poor guy beside us who was yelling out for help due to severe bleeding. For heaven sake one would hope the staff would pay attention when some one is yelling out.  At this point I would rather take my chances staying at home.
1	Just got done here after waiting five (5) hours with a buddy who needed to be seen for an infected tooth. My buddy needed antibiotics before the dentist would remove his tooth. Five (5) hours later and after being placed in three (3) different waiting rooms, he was seen by a physician's assistant for all two (2) minutes before being sent home with his antibiotics. I'm not saying that service for something as minor as a dose of antibiotics requires all the staff's attention, but when I can drive to Mexico and get back in quicker time than it took to be seen, there's something wrong here. This place needs to work on getting its efficiency level up.
1	Waited 5-hours to be seen in the ER with our sick son.  We told them we thought he was having an allergic reaction to some antibiotics.  Typically an ER will force rank who should be seen based on the severity of a situation and an allergic reaction ALWAYS ranks with heart and stroke issues.  It's life threatening and has to be dealt with immediately.Thank goodness it was not but it took the very rude employees who lack any sign of compassion over 5-hours to get him into a room.  He never saw a doctor and they mis-diagnosed him.  (We took him to see a doctor the next day).  Ended up being there 8-hours.  Every employee except 2 were very rude and showed no sense of urgency to take care of the patients.A few days later a nurse called to follow up--I gave her the full report of what happened.  When I told her that he never saw a doctor her response was, "well, were you ever told you would see one?"  I was in complete shock, isn't that the point of an emergency room???? People could have died in the corner and the majority of the employees could have cared less.  Absolute worst hospital we have ever experienced, anywhere in the world! If I could give the hospital. Negative 10, I would.  The only employees who showed any compassion were the nurse who put in his IV and the tech who took his vitals after I begged a nurse to do it and she refused.
1	Just moved to AZ and thinking of using Banner Del Webb doctors.  After 30 minutes on hold with a scheduler line, accepted a appointment a month from now..  Called another clinic, got an answer immediately and an appointment in 2 days.  Tried to call Banner back to cancel and after 40 minutes of holding during their "quiet" time, gave up.  Plus, no emails are listed online - would have been happy to contact them that way.  I give up - won't every try again.  Maybe they will call to remind me??  What a horrid inefficient process.
5	I had to go to the hospital last night, so I went to Banner on Meeker in Sun City West. Very close to home. The service was great! From the friendly check in staff to the back office nurses. I was in the waiting room less than 16 minutes before they took me back for triaging and assessment. They were extremely busy and still managed to provide great service, quick service and with caring smile. I love this hospital. Thank you Banner Team for caring.
