3	I've been here a couple of times for lunch, right before the holidays and again after.  Both times the service was a little spotty.  We would get seated right away but then it would take awhile for our order to be taken.  Once we ordered the food came out pretty quickly but then it would take awhile to get drink refills.  By the time we got refills we were ready for our checks which also took awhile to get.  Aside from that the food was pretty good.  I had the ropa vieja the first time which was good but didn't come with enough rice (at least for me, I like to have some rice for each bite and I ran out half way into my meal!)  I had to ask for more, which they had no problem just giving me some more.  The second time I went I tried the lechon asado which was also good.  This time I ordered the rice which had the black beans mixed in and that was a better helping than when I ordered the rice with the beans on the side...I'll definitely be back for lunch to try some of their other dishes but hopefully they can get their service a little faster.  They are very nice and helpful but just a little on the slow side!
3	Came here one weekend night with a group of friends.  The food was delicious and authentic. The black beans and rice are a must. Make sure you finish dinner with a Cuban coffee! This would be a 4 star review if not for the speed of service. Our waiter was extremely polite and great at providing recommendations, but our drinks went empty more than once and we were almost finished with our main dishes before our sides showed up. That being said, I'd have no reservations about giving them a second chance.
3	You won't think you are in Havana or even Little Havana, but it's not a bad place to grab lunch if you are looking for something different.
3	Came here for lunch and it was around half capacity. Appetizer sampler platter was great and came out quick, but I agree with the other reviews that the service for entrees was a little on the slow side. Would not recommend coming here if you need a quick 30 minute in and out. I had the Ropa Vieja and it was pretty good, but a little salty. It comes default with white rice, black beans, and plaintains, but you can sub them for 2 sides of your choice. Papaya shake was great and recommended. I'd probably go back, but it won't be a staple favorite.
2	Eh,  maybe I just really don't care for Cuban food. At least not what I ordered on this visit. Came here recently with a friend for lunch and we decided to spit a few appetizers.  First the good- Fried yuca and the chicken turnover were yum. Other than that, not so much. We had also ordered ham and cheese/pork turnovers, the pork croquettes and the tamal. The chicken turnover was good so I was surprised at how unimpressed I was with the others. The pork croquettes had a taste that I found gross. The tamal was a mouthful of cornmeal. I could barely even swallow it. I wasted a lot of food on that day which makes me sad. I had heard from some that this place is actually pretty good. So im guessing I may have just ordered the wrong stuff.  Or perhaps this style Cuban food and I are just not meant to be. I thought I was playing it safe by ordering those apps. I think this was the first time in my life I have disliked so many things that were deep fried. 2 stars since the service was decent and there were 2 out of 5 things I could finish eating.
3	The food here is decent, but not completely authentic- and the quality seems to be a little hit or miss. Sometimes we'd go and everything would be fine, other times the rice would be bad or something else not made right, over-seasoned, under-seasoned, etc.If you're looking for authentic Cuban food, you're much better off making the drive out to Rock Hill and hitting the Carlos Cafe.
4	This is another place where I've been to a few times but have just gotten around to writing my first review.  First off, the service is great.  The servers are friendly and always willing to explain the menu if you have questions.  For lunch, it gets a bit busy even when it's not full.  It's more of a sit down, and you may have to wait a bit.  But, things may have gotten better because dinnertime seemed to be almost quicker.  Maybe an extra chef?  Who knows.The food itself is great.  The lunch specials are good deals, but even the dinners are reasonably priced.  You can substitute sides, but I usually go with yellow rice and black beans.  The maduros are good and not too sweet.  I had the gaunabana shake which was a bit different.  Probably won't get it again, but it wasn't terrible.I'd definitely recommend this place to people who want something different, but it's a bit heavy so don't go if you are looking for something light.
4	I was recommended to this place by a Costa Rican friend of mine.  It did not disappoint!! My husband and I came here for dinner on a weeknight to celebrate our anniversary and LOVED it.  The Long Island Lemonade was a tasty drink to start off the night.  We got the sampler platter, and the empanadas were BY FAR the best I've ever had.  Fried plantains were perfect.  Our seafood paella was to die for.  Capped the evening off with a cuban coffee, and boy did that ever give us a jolt!  But, it hit the spot.  The tiramisu was great for a Cuban place (thought it was an Italian specialty).  Our server was so very kind and attentive.  I loved it!  Will definitely be coming back!
4	It seems like a lot of people reviewing this place as not being too great aren't very familiar with Cuban food to begin with. If you are familiar with it and enjoy it, you'll like this place. I'm native to the Tampa Bay area of Florida so I'm quite familiar with the cuisine. The food here is excellent and seasoned well, the atmosphere is quite beautiful and the staff is personable. I had the Palomilla Sirloin Steak and it was delicious. Their homemade tres leches cake is also intensely delicious (extremely moist yet not mushy), and their Cuban shakes are very good too.
4	If your wanting to hear live cuban music, And taste it too you have to come to come to POH!! and don't forget to try a mojito or yummy sangria YOU WILL FALL IN LOVE!!
4	In Atlanta, there was a shack of a Cuban restaurant that was so authentic they had a picture of the raft they came over on (I'm not kidding about that). I ate there at minimum once a week.While not quite as good, this place has been the closest I have found so far. Definitely a lot more upscale than my Atlanta spot, which had bars on the windows, but the food was really good and reasonably priced.I had a beef empanada and the Media Noche. The Media Noche was pretty good but the empanada was outstanding. If I had any room in my stomach, I would have ordered 2-3 more of them. They place is tucked away at the end of a strip mall but now that I've found it, I'll be back.
5	This is my first visit to a Cuban restaurant, but I loved A Piece of Havana.  All of our food was absolutely delicious.  No complaints at all about the service either.  There were several large parties on the week night we were there and from what I could tell, there were only three staff members working the floor and still, our service was great.  The table beside us practically had the waiter explain the entire menu to them, plus the drink menu, and he was so patient and calm with them even though he clearly had his hands full.  I was very impressed.  Is the food authentic?  I haven't a clue - but it was good and that's all I care about.
4	We happened upon this place when the hubs was code orange, and the slow start (only one server for the whole restaurant on a Monday) left me nervous we were going to have to bail. However, once we were finally seated and our order was taken, the food was ultra fast. Our server asked if we were familiar with Cuban food, and well, I've never been there, so no. We ordered the roasted pork and grilled fish (mahi mahi). The roasted pork was good, the fish was OK but I'd order something different next time.  The plantains were (of course) delicioso, and I wished we had tried some of their really yummy looking mojitos (like 18 flavors) or sangria.  But the whole point of this review is that FINALLY after waiting my whole life (OK so the 14 years I've been in the QC), I found worthy empanadas!! The server said the ham & cheese was his favorite but I went for the beef.  The pastry covering was nice and crispy, but not greasy at all and the beef was seasoned perfectly and also was not greasy at all!  Hallelujah!! Hail to the empanada maker!  Even though I live nowhere near Steele Creek/Ayrsley I would make an excuse to come back and have a meal of mojitos, empanadas, perhaps some of their avocado dip special and tres leches. Bueno!Tip: coupon in Citipass made it even more reasonably priced.
5	Been here a few times and have yet to write a review well here it is... the food is delicious and the sangria superb... Enjoyed dinner tonight and each and every time I go here I enjoy the food, drinks and cozy atmosphere...oh I almost forgot on Saturday nights the live music is really nice.
4	I've never been to a Cuban restaurant before today. Having been exposed to Cuban culture through my wife's family, I have only tasted some homemade Cuban food. My wife and I ate pork and beef empanadas to start with. Pork is the best. We then ordered skirt steak / black beans and rice and the cubed pork /black beans and rice. We were totally impressed with the food.The service was excellent and the waiter patiently explained what we didn't know about the food we were ordering. I finished with Cuban coffee. I never tasted Cuban coffee before. I had two cups! The only negative was the iced tea. It was very weak and I could have read a newspaper through it.Totally great experience ! We will be back !
4	I lived in Fort Lauderdale for ten years, so I generally know good Cuban when I see it. And this... this was okay Cuban. We're not 90 miles away anymore, so perhaps a little was lost in the transfer?Sticking to the classics, I ordered a Cubano - the standard Cuban sandwich that includes ham, sliced pork, cheese, mustard, mayo and sliced pork that spends a short while in a panini press. The sandwich was pretty good - maybe not perfectly aligned so it got a bit messy towards the end - but the flavor and texture was there. Served with fries that were hot and crisp.They have live music on some evenings. It was loud. Fortunately, they started up when my friend and I were done eating, so we gave them a walking ovation. The rest of the meal was nice and quiet.
4	Pleasantly surprised and delighted with my meal.  Went during lunch.  Service was prompt and food came out fast.  Food was very flavorful, reminded me of some of the Cuban food I had in Miami.  The Mojitos were absolutely delish.  I suggest the Mango because it was made with real fruit.  The ones without fruit(peach for instance was peach flavored syrup) were still good and had the basics (lemon, mint) but didn't taste as authentic to me( though very good).  I would go definitely go again if I'm on that side of town.
4	Right away I liked the look and "feel" of this place.  They were busy for lunch today (a Wednesday) mostly men in white dress shirts and ties filling tables for four.  This place has some character, is comfortable and is a lot nicer looking than I was expecting.I ask one of the waiters about Cuban Style Espresso and told me to try something else.  I do not speak much Spanish so I have no idea what it was, though the name sounded really good and he seemed confident that I would like it.  Since I believe "Fortune favors the Bold" I thought I would see how I liked it.  This Coffee with milk had a good (not great) flavor and it was better than many, though miles from the Great Cuban Style Espresso I'm used to!  What he described as their approach to Espresso Cuban Style sounded close (close but not quite) and I probably should have ordered it and will next time.  OK I know I'm crazy and I do not speak Coffee, so I'm part to blame!They serve their Cuban Sandwich with Mayonnaise, yet you can choose to have it with none as I did!  This Cuban Sandwich was very good, the pickles were thick, the mustard could have had a less dominant presence though I'm not counting that against it!  Swiss Cheese, Ham and Pulled Pork, YUM!  This sandwich gets 3.85 yelp stars, because I am almost a fan. Instead of Fried Potatoes (french Fries) I substituted ($.99) fried Plantains (the sweet kind).  The Plantains were perfect...5 yelp stars!Soup of the day was Corn (Not the Creamy style) I guess it was a broth or water base, was flavored nicely and had some meat in it, 3 yelp stars.The service was Superboy on Cuban and if you do not know that is a compliment.  They made one small mistake on my order yet fixed it before it left the kitchen and I know they don't think I saw it.  They put fries on the plate and my server caught it before he picked up the plate to bring it to me.  Five Stars for Service!
3	Great food and fantastic atmosphere.  The tiramisu is a must.  Service is a little slow for lunch, but it is part of the culture.  Never been here for dinner but the lot has had cars in it when I've driven by.The ropa vieja and lechon asada are my favorites
3	When I was feeding my car down by Carowinds Blvd, I used my new(er) BFF aka my droid phone Yelp app to locate a new place for lunch.  The truth is I've been condemned to un-cultured, un-worldly food for way too long.  I was determined to get some real taste back in my mouth before it goes on strike.Who knows there's a cuban restaurant in the suburbs!  The location is obscure... a little strip mall off Tryon (right at Moss).  Something about Cuban/Latino music, it just brightens the day (and the place).  Ok, so the service was slow (no one sat me, but to their defense I was standing by the hostess stand looking at the menu, I think they thought I was a to-go customer).Lunch menu (smaller portion) is only available during the week.  So I went after the sandwich (didn't feel like breaking my bank for a quick solo lunch).  Instead of the old standby Cuban sandwich, I tried the Miami Sandwich.  It's like a Cuban with with lettuce, tomato and mayo and ham croquettes.  I love croquettes.  I also orderd the soup of the day, Ajiaco Cubano.  The soup was tasty.  Though it's very brothy (not as much as stew-y as it's described during my quick research online).  It definitely wasn't creamy like the waitress said.  But nonetheless it was good.  My cup ($2.95) had a piece of fatty pork and a little yuca in it.  The sandwich ($8.95) itself was ok.  The pork was a little tough.  That's the disappointing part. (side note: best freaking Cuban sandwich EVER was the one I got in DC in the market... see my old review).  The bread was good, and the mayo/mustard added to the taste.  I definitely enjoyed the croquettes, which were being deliciously smushed by every bite I took.  The sandwich was big enough for me to save half for later.I substituted fries with plantains maduros.  I'm a sucker for sweet plantains.  And they were good.  But is it possible to mess up sweet plantain?!Overall it was an ok experience.  The waitress was nice, but I can see if it's busier (the place had 3 other tables at the most, virtually empty) the service would be slow.  The pork was the least impressive.  But I was happy, I was very very happy that I haven't lost my appreciation for REAL food :)
5	This is authentic Cuban! We were thrilled to find this place. The tastes took us right back to our childhood kitchen in Miami where our abuela cooked. The croquetas came out piping hot. The to stones were great. I had the masitas de puerco and they were great too. I asked for lime just because that was how we ate them growing up, with lots of lime. The boiled yuca was good, could have used a bit more mojo. My kids had a pan con bistec. It was the thin steak cooked just as it should, i am just not sure it was on real cuban bread. It comes with mayo and mustard so we opted to have it without. They ate it all though and really liked it. The Cuban coffee (espresso) was very authentic, the way they make it on calle ocho. We look forward to returning. So glad to find this place!
4	A Piece of Havana is the kind of restaurant you'd drive past a thousand times and never think to stop.  Then, one day you do and you never stop coming back.  Located in the way back of a shopping center, you think it's going to be some shlubby fast food dive (not the good kind).  It isn't.  The inside of the restaurant is almost opulent with deep leather booths and romantic curtains over massive windows.  And then there's the food.  I had the empanadas, Cuban sandwich and my boyfriend had the roasted chicken.  All were outstanding!  In addition, my boyfriend had the Cuban salad.  It had at least an entire avocado sliced along the rim.  It was delicious.  I'm so glad we went and we will keep going back.  Next time, I'm getting the oxtail.
4	I'm a big fan of A Piece of Havana.  It's one of my favorite places.  The food is great and the staff is friendly and attentive.  The atmosphere is also very nice.  You can't go wrong with the Mojo Pork, and the fried plantains and black beans are also great.
5	Warning.  I'm a highly opinionated half Cuban about my...errr....cuban food.   So unto A piece of Havana.  This is the first place (Out of Puerto Rico or Miami) that serves authentic Cuban food.    Want to know if you're in a real Cuban Restaurant?  Ask for a Materva.  If they don't have any, calmly proceed to the door.  Guess what, A  Piece of Havana keeps them ice cold.Friday night is great here.  The Jazz band plays great Latin music, and creates a great ambiance.The food:  My favorites are the Ropa Vieja, and the Parrillada Cubana will give you a a huge selection of food (steak, pork, and chicken), plus rice beans and sweet plantains.  Next time I go there, I plan to order the Sea Food Paella.  It looked insane.  I would eat here every week if it was closer to my house.Have I said enough?  Go get your Cuban on!
4	Even if you have never had Cuban food before, I am sure you will find something you like on the menu.  Definitely worth trying!Service:  Excellent.Ambience:  Nice outdoor seating - don't feel like you are in a strip mall at all.  Inside has plenty of seating, nice decor and a bar.Food:  Have eaten there several times and tried something new each time - great selection on their menu.  The food is very good.  Nice flavor and cooked correctly.  Portions are good.  Price is fair.
5	It's rare I come across a place that gets everything right. There's almost always something I'd do differently if I owned the business. But A Piece of Havana is the sort of place where I'd really have to be stretching to find any reasonable criticism.In the 10-15 times I've been here I've tried several different appetizers, entrees, desserts and cocktails and not once has anything failed to impress. As far as I'm concerned, there are really only a few things a Cuban place has to get right: Cuban sandwich, mojito, ropa vieja, flan and cortadito. And finally, some effort has to be made with the decor and music to make the diner forget for a moment that he/she is actually still in Charlotte, NC. In every one of these and many more, A Piece of Havana surpasses expectation. Something as simple as their black beans are the best black beans I've ever had. The flan is also the best I've had, at least outside of the Spanish speaking world. Perhaps most impressive, the Cuban sandwich is as good as you're going to get outside of south Florida. I grew up taking family vacations to the Tampa Bay area to visit family. And until I found this place I'd given up on finding a proper Cuban sandwich in Charlotte. I don't know where they get their bread or if they bake it themselves, but it makes the sandwich. Everywhere else, to their eternal shame, seems to substitute French bread.
4	This is an awesome cuban restaurant for those who might be afraid to try "authentic cuban".
4	This place is GOOD! It's out in the middle of no where but well worth the drive. Everthing that we ordered was spot on.  I felt the dinner portions were small for the prices but the taste and quality of the food is well worth it.
4	Good food. Great value. Unbelievable tamales,coconut flan, and my hubby loves the Calle Ochos!
1	My girlfriend and I stopped in one day since I've always wanted to try the place and pass it all the time on the way to Club Fitness. We ordered some sangria and Havana Sampler to start. The sangria, turnover and plantains were delicious. The fried pork chunks, meat balls, and fried yuca were very bland and overcooked/dry. We also got the roasted chicken which is supposedly a house specialty. The portion was huge but the sides and chicken itself were again bland and overcooked. OVerall, this would have gotten the place at least a "meh" and two stars. However, the service was absolutely terrible. I never like it when servers interrupt you during a meal and ask how it's going while you're still chewing on a large forkfull but at Piece of Havana I had to get up and ask for an extra silverware despite trying to flag down a waiter making his rounds. I then had to wait abnormal lengths of time to get a water refill. At that time I also requested a sangria refill but by the time it came out we were already done with our meal! I then had to get up again and go to the hostess station to ask for my check! Very inattentive service led us to not even order the tres leches dessert which I've heard is fantastic. This is too bad since I won't be back.
5	As with the rest of the reviews, this place is true authentic Cuban cuisine. The food is fresh and loaded with flavor and the portions are average size. Black beans, Cuban Style Ground Beef with rice, Mariquitas with Avocado Dip , and Cuban toast were just a few of the items we really enjoyed. They had live music on the night we were there which was a Friday. If you are looking for a quick meal this is not the place as we were there about 1.5 hours from start to finish. Although a little pricy, you get what you pay for. Will def. be back again.
3	Not bad, but it could have been a lot better. To be fair even in Miami it's not easy finding really GOOD Cuban cuisine these days.The Ajiaco soup didn't have any pumpkin or chunks of meat, it was very bland. The roast pork was OK but needed lots more mojito and more onions. The masas de puerco (fried pork chunks) were cut into too small pieces, they were fried right but the chef failed to use any garlic which is a must for that dish. This restaurant doesn't even offer chicharrones de pollo which is like the best fried chicken in the world and the so called "Cuban turnover" was an Argentine empanada. The sides were solid, the congri (rice and black beans) was not typical but way better than usual, the maduros (sweet plantains) delish and the tostones tasted like.... tostones. Prices were very reasonable, portions were generous, service was cheerful and you better drink tons of water before bed to compensate for all that salt. There's potential but the chef needs to get a lot bolder with his spice rack, mojito and garlic.
5	I love this place. Everyone is super friendly and the food is fabulous. I always get the roast pork with the Congris (Black beans and rice) and a bowl of soup on the side. Everything is made from scratch and is always hot and delicious. The roast pork is so tender and the mojo sauce they do it with is incredible. Sweet, tangy and delish. I always walk out full for 9 bucks. And that's with a tip. They even have a card now so that after you buy 6 lunches you get one free. Can't beat that.
4	I consider myself Cuban by default... I was born and raised in Miami and just left two years ago. That said, I was so excited when discovering this home away from home! I have to admit I was skeptical at first but they had me at my first mojito! The food is muy rica (delicious) and very on point with what Cuban food is. We started with the mariquitas (thin slices of crispy plantains) and they transported me to calle Ocho in little Havana!  I ordered my favorite dish- vaca frita and it did not disappoint. We ended with flan and tres leches for dessert. Since then we have gone back several times and had great experiences. Never a bad dish.They have live music on the weekend (first was a great salsa band.. Another time was just a Latin dude and his keyboard). Either way I am a fan and when I'm craving some good old Cuban cooking, that is where I head!
4	Coming from NJ where Cuban restaurants are aplenty, my expectations of quality authentic Cuban food are high. I am pleasantly surprised to find this restaurant meets my expectations. The food was delicious and the atmosphere supported the authenticity of the food. I am looking forward to becoming a regular.
1	I really wanted to like Piece of Havana, but was instead horribly disappointed. This place fell flat in every single way it could.Let's start with the service.  It was severely lacking.  There was barely anyone (only 2 other tables) in the entire restaurant and it still took an obscenely long time to get anything, from our initial drink orders to refills to even our food.  If they were slammed I could understand, but the waitstaff spent most of the time chit chatting or watching one of the TV's mounted on the wall.Now, the food.  I don't believe my standards are unrealistic.  There's plenty of good Cuban food to be found outside of Miami, all it takes is a little effort.  Also, it shouldn't be overpriced.  We're not talking foie gras or lobster here.  Sadly, this place suffered from both bad and expensive food.  First of all, the Cuban salad was a joke.  It was the bare minimum needed to be considered a salad and clocked in at 8 dollars.  There wasn't even a dollar's worth of ingredients on the plate.  Then there was the Vaca Frita which should have been called Vaca Greasy.  It was served in a little bowl swimming in grease and fat.  There was nothing Frita about the dish with all the meat hanging limp and dripping oil.  The chimichurri sauce was equally greasy and unappealing.  I'm not even going to talk about the rice and beans (a staple dish of any Cuban restaurant).  Suffice it to say, I've had better at Taco Bell.The one thing they did well where the Mariquitas and the avocado dip.  That's it.  The best part of the entire depressing meal was the appetizer.This was a bad experience across the board.  I don't understand why such little effort was put into what could otherwise be a fantastic place.  The decor is great, they have a solid looking menu, and the right ambiance, but it fails at the very essentials of any restaurant, food and service.
3	I would give this place 3.5 stars if I could. Normally I love going here. I think they're food is excellent! I get the shrimp in garlic sauce with Cuban toast and green beans. The meal was swimming in garlic. Almost literally. I didn't finish because it was so garlicky. Pretty sure I am going to smell like garlic tomorrow. However, I do love some garlic, so this will not deter me from coming back. I also got the house made sangria. It is $3 on Monday which I think is a good deal. For all of you beer lovers a pint of Coors light is $2 everyday. Back to the sangria, it was ok. Vey sweet, but a good compliment to the meal. I thought our service was great. If I could just rate our waiter I would give him a 5 out of 5 stars. Very attentive and helpful with making our decisions.
5	My wife decided to try this restaurant the other night as we are avid foodies and love trying different cuisines. We have been to other Cuban restaurants before but not with the same atmosphere and flair as Taste of Havana. After a tasty Mojito, we started out with the calamari appetizer. It was very tender and seasoned well. We both agreed the sauce was so good, you almost wanted to eat it as a soup. For entrees. she had the fried pork chunks and I had the fried shredded beef. Both were equally delicious (we tried each other's entree).For desert, we both had the tres leches and Cuban coffee. A perfect compliment. There was also a live band which added to the ambiance. I was very pleased with the check as well. Drinks, appetizer, entrees, desert and coffee all for around $60.00 bucks including tip. We will definitely be coming back and bringing friends.
5	LOVED!!  I went recently with a group and loved everything I ordered.  We had the empanada and croquette appetizer.  So good.  Came with 4 (3 different) delicious empanadas...ham, chicken, and beef.  The avocado dip was perfect and came with plantain chips that I could have eaten by itself.Split the shredded beef and Milanese chicken entrees.  Both very good...I couldn't decide which one I like better.  Side of sweet plantains and yellow rice were both delicious.  We all agreed the yellow rice was better than the congri.Had tres leches cake for dessert and was perfect.  I am a chocolate lover and preferred this cake over the chocolate crepes that we also ordered.Only complaint was one person had the pork and it was a little overcooked.  Overall great food and live music was a plus.  Can't wait to go back!!
4	Hands down this place has the best mojitos in Charlotte!!!  This is the first restaurant that I've been to in this city that puts fresh fruit in their mojitos, I recommend the strawberry and mango ones.The decor and overall atmosphere is really enjoyable, we went on a Friday night when they had live Cuban music.  We were also told that later that night, they'd open up the dance floor for salsa night.The service was very prompt initially, actually too prompt.  I've always had a pet peeve around being given my entree less than 5 minutes after you brought my salad out.  Other than that one slip up, the rest of the service that night was excellent.The food was very fresh and tasty.  I had the calamari, chicken Caesar salad and the Havana Pork.  The calamari was very fresh and had a nice tangy dipping sauce on the side.  I only had a couple bites of the chicken Caesar before my Havana Pork came out, so I can't really comment on the salad since I just had them trash that.  The Havana pork was nicely seasoned and extremely tender.  Based on the way the pork was cooked, I'd recommend their pork dishes to anyone.Pricing is very reasonable, most entrees run between $7-16.  If you're looking for good Cuban food, A Piece of Havana is a great place to go.
4	Wonderful food! Love everything I've ever ordered there. I also love the mojitos, they have several flavors and all are homemade, no pre-mixed crap, always a plus! The service is typically very attentive. The atmosphere is nice and would be a great date spot.
4	FInally had a chance to check out this place. I'm a large proponent of Cuban cuisine and had put off trying this place for far too long. It's a trek from where we live in Dilworth, but I'd say it's damn worth it. Located off of South Tryon past Carowinds, It's in a small shopping center, but as it's own building. We stopped in on a Saturday night and we were greeted with live music. It was awesome. The guy was singing his heart out and I'm happy to say that he was really good. It wasn't unpleasant at all. Actually added to the ambiance.We started out with the avocado dip (basically guac) with fried plantains. Dude. I'd highly recommend getting this. The dip is pretty commonplace with other guac varieties, but the fried plantains make for a really nice change-up from plain corn chips. We cleaned the plate between the three of us. I went with the Cuban sandwich. I have to order it any time it's offered at a Cuban place. Happy to report it's a textbook sandwich. Flaky Cuban bread, yellow mustard, Swiss, pork, ham, dill pickles. That's all you need. Ordered it with a side of tostones. Mashed, and fried plantains served with "mojo." Basically an oily, garlic-y dipping sauce. It's amazing. Super mild and a nice touch.We also ordered a couple of the gin mojitos. Have to give these a big "meh." It's a great idea, but the grenadine really killed the flavors. It was just too heavy.Service was incredibly friendly and cordial. The place was packed and the guys on the floor took care of everyone with a smile. Cuban dinner round #2: Coming very soon.
1	I've tried this place twice and both times the service was lousy along with the food. I love Cuban food... The first time I ordered the whole fried fish and it was over cooked and tasted as though it had been cooked in old oil, my plantains were over cooked as well.  my girlfriend ordered some dish that contained shrimp that weren't  de-veined.. The only reason I gave it a second chance was because  she loves their mojito's.. This last time I ordered Pollo a la Habanera, rice and beans, and plantains. The chicken was over cooked and lacked any seasoning at all.  She ordered Ropa Vieja.  It did not taste or look like it has other places.  She pushed her plate to the edge of the table and our server (Manuel) asked what was wrong.  She proceeded to explain that it did not taste as expected. He responded that it was their signature dish, then proceeded to ask what was wrong with it in a harsh tone.  I interjected and stated that it was different from what she had before and maybe the recipes were different.. He snatched the plate away and did not return for 40 mins.  The overall service was terrible.. We had to grab another member of the wait staff in order to get another drink, another member of the staff refilled her water, and I was never offered anymore tea by my server.  I kept my cool no need to get upset it wasn't worth it.. In conclusion.. I've had two bad experiences at this establishment and I love Cuban food.. I love food period. In order to get me to write a negative post you've really had to screw up..The bright spot of the night was the entertainment though.. Loved the band.. They made the atmosphere very fun and pleasant..  If your ever in the DMV you should look up Cuba De Ayers..
4	I don't know about food but the Mojitos and music are great! We def have a fun time every time we go!
1	Went with a prearranged large party. Service was terrible, because the support staff was not supporting our waiter. Drink orders were taken once, delivered, some to the wrong people, and almost never thought thought of again. When they finally took or orders (40 minutes after we arrived) it still took another 40 to be served.The food was far from good either. The seafood and chicken in all the dishes was overcooked and tough. The only reason our drink and water glasses got filled was because all of us were asking. No one even came and asked how the meal was.I spoke to the owners, a husband and wife, and while she was somewhat apologetic, she several times tried to lay the blame on our group for not telling them what to do. Hey, hears an idea - how about you the owner come over and see if everything is okay.In the end we were served three complimentary flans, but it didn't make the situation any better, especially since the came out over cooked and burnt on the bottom.I don't think any of us are ever going back.
3	Pros- Lunch specials- great amount for great prices! The sangria is delicious and lechon asado is very tasty. The decor I am in love with- painted wall with a scenic view of el malecon in Havana, it's gorgeous. nice touch.                                                   Cons- starting with the service at lunch. There's like one waiter answering calls and taking orders and making drinks. Not good. it doesn't matter how dead you can be, you should have someone else there JIC in gets crazy. Also, the waiter was snooty and not very pleasant. The beans, well, what beans should I say, they serve you more of the liquid they are cooked in. Price of sangria pitcher ($20) is expensive, since its more of a thin vase than pitcher. Rabo encendido, its overpriced a almost $20 for a bland dish.  For dinner, we had a table of 6 adults and three kids, they gave us 2 baskets of bread. We asked for another basket, and they said there would be a charge for it.  They need to take after Cheesecake Factory where the bread is MUCH better, and unlimited. Now that's complimentary!
4	Simply an excellent place for Cuban cuisine! All the food was flavorful and tasty. Only complaint is that the service is SLOW! I know it's crowded, but to me, that means you need better planning to stay in this business.But, the food was worth the wait. Just be prepared to tough it out, especially during the weekends.
5	My wife and I love this place. First, make a reservation on the weekend or you'll have to wait in line. Second, make it around 7 pm, so you can hear the live music.  Get the fried plantains and avocado dip, and a mojito to get started. apps, music, mojito. Everything else is extra. Enjoy!
4	Tried the mojo pork with green beans & plantains. Will def go back when i'm up that way.
4	The restaurant is decorated quite nicely, though the silverware wrapped in paper napkins took away from the custom made leather chairs. There was a guitar player doing the usual Spanish guitar numbers. There were eight tables seated and two waiters, which may explain why it took 20 minutes to take my order. My waiter was nice and attentive once he came over. Two of the eight tables were speaking Spanish, which could be a good sign that ethnic locals frequent this place.I had the Original Mojito, Cuban Salad, Pork Chunks with Congri and Plantains. The mojitos here are all made from scratch. My mojito was made right away and was very good. The Cuban Salad came out in about five minutes, and the meal came out a few minutes later. The salad was just as it appears in pictures posted to Yelp. The ingredients were fresh and tasty. The pork chunks were properly marinated and cooked, and were really good. The congri and the plantains were as I expected, which is to say good and authentic.I ordered the Tres Leches for dessert. While it was ok, it certainly was not authentic. Instead of the real thing, this was a slice of pound cake soaked in condensed/evaporated milk with whipped cream topping covered with a squirt of dulce de leche.Overall, the food and drinks were great, dessert was ok, and service was ok.
3	Great food but service needs to be a little better.
3	Ok...Stop into this restaurant for lunch...My husband and I love cuban food and thought we would give it a try.  Surprisingly it was very delicious..  Service was quick and steaming hot.  However, we stop in today (Sunday evening) for dinner and service was not so good...First, for a Sunday evening (6:30p) customers were few at hand. (maybe 8)..so we had hoped service would be quick and attentive...NOT!!  On the contrary, service was very slow...Secondly..We waited at least 30 minutes to be served. (remember almost empty restaurant)Thirdly, and most disappointing, was the food...Unlike the lunch service, the food was luke warm....Important ingredient (Mojo sauce) left out of recipe....Rice, cold...Plantains, burned.  Smh!!  Not acceptable....If you plan on visiting this restaurant....Make sure it's LUNCH TIME!!  Because the food is really good...
5	Growing up in Tampa, Florida I consider myself an amateur Cuban food foodie..... I lived on shredded mojo pork, rice and beans, plantains, ropa vieja, Cuban toast, and other Cuban specialties and I know good food....... So when another Yelper Elite and I decided to scope out a new place in another part of Charlotte.  Going back to my roots, we ended up at A Piece of Havana.  I ordered the shredded pork with white beans and rice along with a side of plantains.  She ordered the crispy shredded beef with yellow rice and plantains.  Mine came correctly and hers came with yellow rice and black beans but no plantains.  It was corrected by the server promptly after I sampled mine and determined that they were too nice to pass up! So the pork was melt-in-your mouth tender with delicious mojo seasoning..... The rice and beans were tasty but the plantains were carmelized perfectly and complimented the dish amazingly.  I WILL be back to try the Cuban sandwich! A must try in Steele Creek!
3	Got some coffee and plaintains to go while on a road trip. The coffee was great. Good flavor and hot. The plaintains were not good. I have had much better other places. Next time a road trip brings me this way, I will stop and try the full menu before I write their food off.
3	While the cafe con leche and cafe cubano were great, the tostones and croquettes were extremely bland.  The tostones were like eating cardboard, very little seasoning.  Hell, a little salt would have made them better.  Prices were very good.  We got 2 cafe con leches, 1 cafe cubano, order of tostones, and an order of croquettes for $13.
2	I'm falling out of love with this place. Don't get me wrong--when it's good, it's really great. However....My primary complaint is the lack of consistency, which I've heard from others also.  Each time we've come here, they're out of something--skirt steak, plantains, whatever. Sometimes they have closed before their posted closing time. Sometimes the bartender is not there during the dinner hour, which is sad, because I love their calle ocho mojitos.I just never know what to expect.  I really hope they step up their game.
3	If you are looking for a super-quick, super-affordable lunch and find yourself in this area, A Piece of Havana may be worth a try.  I ordered the roasted chicken with mixed rice/black beans and plantains.  I think the dish was $5.95 which is a great price.However, I was a bit disappointed in the chicken - it was tasty but a rather small portion. Sadly, the mixed beans& rice was a bit dry and did not have a lot of flavor.  The plantains were good though.  On the plus side, the service was very good and the food was delivered  super-quick. This place is not bad overall and if I happened to be in the area I would probably give them another try.
3	I liked  some things about A Piece of Havana quite a bit. The place is very nice in terms of atmosphere, the garlic shrimp were cooked perfectly, and the wine-broth was very tasty. There were a few hiccups though; while service was friendly, it took a long time to get our lunch and my portion was on the small side. I was actually kind of hungry when I left, which is never a good sign.  Looking at other photos on Yelp it may have just been my entree- so maybe next time I'd opt for rice instead. I also thought the tostones were bland & the green beans next to them were super salty. My best guess is maybe they just salted the green beens twice instead of both of the side dishes? Anyway, I would definitely give them another shot-as overall the main dish did taste good & they have some great sounding cocktails on the menu.
4	I went here last night with a few friends before we went over to Cajun Canvas.  The atmosphere is nice and festive.  The chairs are all leather, but sit very low.  Our server was friendly, but probably could have checked on us more.  We went for dinner around 5:30 or so and it was pretty empty. I ordered the Havana Fantasy drink - and boy, do you get your money's worth!  That drink was strong!  It was very good - and it was $8 - so honestly, I was glad that I could taste the liquor I paid for.  I felt like this place was ok, and fine.  Then our food came...I ordered the shrimp in garlic sauce with Cuban toast and fried yuca.  That's the moment I became a total Piece of Havana fan.  The food was delicious!  The sauce and shrimp dish was just right, the bread was great, and the yuca was crispy and amazing.  Maybe it was the strength of my drink that made my dinner taste so good, but I will definitely be back.  Everything was reasonably priced too, for a nice dinner out.
5	Between the crispy shredded beef, chicken havan, and skirt steak you can not go wrong with this place.  Everyone there is very nice and the mojitos are delicious!
5	Finally made it here, and I must say DAYUM...so good! Roasted pork dish was awesome. I will be here more often
5	I've been here a couple of times now..I've gotten the same Cuban sandwich. Awesome both times. Not dry, seasoned right. However, this time I got a drink. No complaints onthe taste of the drink. Actually it sad quite strong with excellent taste, however, I had to go to the bar area to order it. The place wasn't crowded and I arrived after the rest of my party, but I still expected service. They still deserve a 5 star because all else was fine. I just really wanted a drink. :) Customer service regardless for what needs extra attention..
4	Awesome.  Good food, good atmosphere and the owners and staff are super friendly and attentive.  Love this place
2	I was not impressed. The food here was completely underwhelming. I got some sort of chicken with plantains and yellow rice with vegetable. It was SO mediocre, I cannot even begin to describe. If I wanted a piece of chicken the size of my face with a pile of fried onions on it, I would just make it myself. This is NOT a place for foodies or anyone who has had GOOD Cuban food! The only thing I liked (though it got a little loud) was the live music, which caught me off guard.
4	Try the chicken and fried beef, this place is your traditional Cuban joint and one of the few that is really good in this area. Be prepared to wait a little while, but that is usually standard at most authentic Cuban places. You will not leave hungry.  They have a live band on weekends.
3	Great food, friendly servers, but SLOW and forgetful. It took over half an hour to get my check and another 10 to get it back, without my card. Definitely getting take-out next time.
4	This place is good - try the grilled Cuban.  Service is pretty good too. You can get in and out pretty fast. I have only been there for lunches.
3	First impression: The location is nice and had a great atmosphere. We were greeted immediately and given a table (not that they were busy). I enjoyed the decor but I will say that their leather chairs were a bit uncomfortable.Nothing like Cuba Libre in DC (amazing decor!) but for NC it is a great ambiance. Now about their food...  *sigh*What a disappointment when I drove almost 2 hours to eat here. I got here about an hour before closing and I guess that wasn't enough time since our waitress was rushing us to order. We came here to have this GRAND experience and left with nothing but a decent steak sandwich that I ordered after my disappointing meal (that she put TOGO without asking and I had every intention of eating it in the restaurant). My mother started off with a sangria which she gave it an "OK" it was on the sweeter side but still a decent sangria. Between my parents they split a Paella (which was huge) but they had no lobster! It also came with no sides and cost almost 30 dollars. The Paella was good but not the best, the rice was not fully cooked and the clams were closed shut! I on the other hand ordered their garlic shrimp with yellow rice and sweet plantains..... and I will never order that dish again... ever. I figured out their special sauce! The shrimp was overcooked and was chewy and the "special" sauce overpowered the dish.... all I can say is... Mojo Criollo anyone?? The yellow rice was cold and all I enjoyed was my sweet plantains. I will come back again with an ample amount of time and hopefully the food and service will be better. I love Cuban food and thats the only reason why I can't turn my back on this place just yet!
5	My friends and I needed a pick me up.  My girlfriend's part Cuban, my guy friend is Puerto Rican and I'm part Ecuadorian.... This place was like "home" cooking for all of us!  Rice and beans, fried pork, plantains, guacamole, yucca, soup, Cuban sandwiches, mango and other fresh fruit  milkshakes,  flan ... REAL FRESH CREAMY FLAN... , tres leches cake .... And to top it off Cuban cafe au lait.As for the decor... It was like stepping into my Ecuadorian family's restaurant in Quito... dark wood, high back leather chairs, deep red curtains and wrought iron accents, tiled dance floor ... and the service was just like family ... welcoming and generous to a fault.Yup ... It's ALL that ... And did I mention the food is to die for... One of our new favorite places for sure... And one of these nights my Mamacita is going to light up the dance floor.
4	First of all there was great atmosphere.  Live music was playing on the Friday evening that we dined.  There was also nothing to complain about the service, however, more importantly the food was very good.  Not only were the portions plentiful, but as someone familiar with Cuban cuisine, I can honestly say that everything here is authentic.  In our party we had a little of everything.  To start the Havana platter had a nice selection.  The empanadas were especially good.  The congri and roasted pork was a favorite.  We will definitely visit again.
1	I will never go to this place again!!! My family and I have tried to come here...key word TRIED several times n they are always closed or just closed hours before the time indicated online. They claim they are a family owned business n when business is dead they close early so there for they need to indicate that online.... Needless to say that will be my 3rd n last time trying to eat at this family owned business... Good luck running business like that!
4	Mojitos are very good.  Empanadas are delicious.  What a great restaurant, so excited that Charlotte has a great Cuban place to eat!  If you are even considering a visit, by all means come here for a great meal.Picadillo is also very good.  Great steak sandwich.
2	I met some friends for lunch here on a monday. When we walked in, we were seated promptly by the host and given menus. The atmosphere was very nice, and we were looking forward to our meal.Unfortunately, our waiter seemed as if he didn't want to be there. we waited about 20 minutes for drinks, and another 20 for him to come take our order (and he only came over because we were all staring expectantly at him). He never came to check on us once, unless we got up to get him, or flagged him down (which was difficult, as he never seemed to look towards the tables, instead keeping his head down over the screen to the POS ordering system).Once the food came, everything was delicious, flavorful, and well prepared. Such a shame that the horrible service ruined it for us.
5	Great restaurant...I read some great reviews on Yelp and knew I had to try this place. I was impressed with the service and the food was perfect. They also have live music and a nice little dance floor to get your salsa on. Great place you won't be disappointed!
5	We went here in a whim after seeing the movie Chef and getting excited about Cuban food! It was amazing! We had a lot of dishes between is both vegetarian and fish and Cuban platter! There was great music, the other patrons were dancing ! A comedian fromVenezuela had the mike for awhile which was good if you understood Spanish! Not if you didn't!! Would I go here again? You bet
5	Amazing restaurant, friendly staff and AWESOME food!! Good to know u can find good places to eat around Carowinds besides fast food.Had the skirt steak with green beans and fried yuca; everything was delicious!  Tres leches cake was sooooo good!! Service was excellent :)I truly recommend this place, amazing food, and affordable prices.
4	Love this restaurant! The good is always tasty and the atmosphere is always fun! On Saturday nights they have live music and dancing... Great to participate in or just as background noise.The BEST part is their mojitos! They're huge, strong and inexpensive! My only complaint is there's always a long wait.
3	Loved the food. Great location. Family place. BUT service is hit and miss. Week day lunch took 90 minutes, and made me late for work. Coupons keep it inexpensive.
5	Was in town finding a new place to call home, and was missing my Spanish cuisine, found this place and I TOTALLY recommend it, the food was almost perfect, the service was spectacular, the place was clean and it felt good to get some authentic Cuban cuisine. If you want delicious Cuban food this place will give you your fix, and I'm from Miami I KNOW what good Cuban food is.
5	It was my second time here and it was so good! I had the breaded fish stuffed with shrimp and avocado and it's delicious!!!! Also the fried yuca as an appetizer tasted amazing.
2	I hate that I didn't have a better experience because I was really looking forward to eating here. We made a reservation and ventured out on a Wednesday night.We were promptly greeted and seated in a booth... and then no one ever came back. We waited and waited and waited. We finally waited so long that I got up and went to the bar because that was the only place I could see any of the staff. I told a waitress we'd been sitting for 15 minutes with no server, and she said she didn't know who ours was, but she'd find out. Apparently our waiter was also the bartender. He was really nice, but trying to find him at any point during our meal was like trying to find a needle in a haystack (until it was time to pay and then he was Johnny on the spot.)Our food was good - we got beef/ham and cheese empanadas to start, and then I got the Havana Pork with plantains and boiled yucca, and the fella got the Fried Pork with rice and green beans - but our service was so terrible that it colored our whole experience.To end on a positive note, they did have live music, which was a nice touch and not too overpowering.
4	This place was awesome. Live music, delicious Cuban food & beautiful atmosphere. I highly recommend this place if you love Cuban food and live music.
5	So good and the staff is so sweet! Between 4 of us we got white rice, beans and rice, and yellow rice (all delicious), fried yuca, green beans, and yummy plantains for sides!   Roasted pork, Cuban skirt steak, crispy shredded beef, and Hemingway chicken! All so good! The owner ended up giving us a gift when we left because we asked questions and complimented the food! I definitely recommend this place! Great environment as well! Clean and inviting! Next time we are in town I want to come back!
5	I have to admit the first time I went here the service we had was a 2 star performance.  It would have been a 1 star if we didn't start asking other servers for things (turned out our original server couldn't care less).   Having said that, the food was what brought me back - never had fried yucca before!The second visit was a complete 180!  Our server was super-attentive and kept the cups full and checked up on us consistently and always with a smile.  The food was again amazing - I could seriously eat their chimichurri sauce out of a bowl.  This time there was a live musician and the atmosphere was electric - people got up to dance in the front as well!  The coolest thing I noticed was that most of the tables were larger groups - which probably aided in the festive atmosphere.You'd be a fool to not try their fried yucca and if you're really going for that food coma- definitely get the tres leches for dessert!!
3	OK for vegetarians as we have to survive off the side dishes. Great for non-veg folks, lot of options.
3	I deem this place middle of the road.  Seating is comfortable and the noise level is low - good for a business lunch.  But the food is average at best.  Did not "pop" with flavor.
4	One of my favorite lunch spots. Great prices and fresh, delicious Cuban food. The crispy beef, tostanas, and congris are my favorite - but everything is pretty great.Only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars in the service always very slow. The waiters are nice but it just takes forever to get orders in and pay. Would be nice to be able to get in and out in 30 mins but you'll need an hour hear at least.
3	Hit and miss, depending on how busy they are.  Sometimes they bring out bread, sometimes they don't.  The "mariquitas" appetizer is good; the "Havana sampler", not so much.  The vaca frita (crispy shredded beef) is good; the "fried pork chunks", not so much.  We've made reservations several times: sometimes they'll seat us right away, sometimes they'll try to put us at a two-seat table right in the middle of the dancefloor and the greeter will argue with us when we tell her we reserved a booth.  The live music on Friday nights can be pretty loud, if you want to have a conversation.
2	I'm a huge Cuban fan and had such high hopes of this place, but unfortunately am leaving disappointed.Ordered the Lechon Asado lunch portion with boiled yuca and plantains (my go to dish). Pork was cooked very good but the marinade was incredibly salty to the point of being overpowering. This is not normal for this dish.  The yuca was very undercooked and tough to cut/chew. Plantains were great, but also pretty hard to mess up. All said, the price was great at $6.95 but flavor and quality were very low too. Too bad because they have a great atmosphere for sitting in a strip mall area.
