4	Like Costco, I don't know if there's a better lunch deal in town than at Sam's Club. I got 2 slices of pepperoni pizza, 1 cheese slice, a hot dog, and a soda for under 8 bucks. No, that wasn't all for me. That fed 3 of us. For under 8 dollars! I don't care if it's owned by WalMart and I don't care if they have a million Chinese kids in the back baking the pizza in lead ovens in a kitchen with lead paint coating the walls. It's still a tasty $8 meal for 3 people.
4	As much as I hate to be contributing to the spread of the evil empire of the Walden Family, I love our Sam's Club. We just about make up the cost of membership per year on savings at the petrol station (that's "gas station" to in USAish) alone.I'm not sure how to say this without sounding like a horrible snob, but the membership requirement as Sam's does a good job of making for a much more enjoyable shopping experience. I absolutely loathe setting foot in Walmart because it's so freaking depressing, Sam's does a good job of seeming much less lowbrow while maintaining good prices.I also like some of the choices here like decently priced MEXICAN COKE packs (all hail cane sugar!), probably the only really good rotisserie chicken I have found so far in the USA and for under $5 per bird, a large bakery with great bread, and even some premade options - I love the buffalo chicken wraps!The only really bad thing about shopping at Sam's for me is that it can be a pain to carry the huge economy sized stuff up to our apartment.This particular Sam's is quite new and pleasant with lots of room to move. I've found some of the other locations a bit seedy by comparison.
4	Personally I don't care if I go to Sams vs Costco, it's really just about ease of access. This is close to my house and work so that is where I shop. This particular Sam's Club is a regular stop on the weekend chores route. The store is very clean and I never have an issue with stock of the products that I need. The staff here is knowledgeable, helpful and friendly and some of them even remember me (this might also be a negative thing...LOL, means I'm here too much). Here are some thing's I've learned about Sam's Club: 1. never have an issue with long lines or waiting at this location 2. watch your produce. has a tendency to go bad fast so keep that in mind and check it very well to make sure you're getting the freshest. 3. same with meats. check the dates. freeze or use promptly. 4. King's Hawaiian Rolls great price for a huge pack and FRESH! be careful, these are addicting. the hubster needs some kind of intervention,5. come early if you have a business membership, free coffee!6. great prices on software, better than Best Buy... I'm a HUGE price comparison shopper, a coupon cutter and I shop the ads. Sam's Club often beats out a sale item with a coupon at the grocery store! Areas where they need improvement? More healthy products! Let me see some canned legumes BESIDES refried beans(blackbeans/chickpeas), some organic/natural peanut butter, organic meats, etc. I'd like to see a shift in catering to the health conscious consumer. If I had more products available to me that I would even consider purchasing, I would spend more money. But until their product line up matches my life style, I'll stick to buying non food items and limited food items. :)
4	I had never been to a sams before, so this was my first experience with them....   Everyone has been super helpful and friendly from a service standpoint... all of the checkers are great and friendly as well....  The people running the samples are great salesmen and saleswomen and know the product they are sampling....   I guess I have no basis for comparison, but I am comfortable here....
4	I love shopping in bulk, especially when produce comes in such large quantity!  After a year of shopping here the selection is finally getting more varied and is catching up to Costco in terms of quality.  One thing they do beat other warehouse stores in is the concession stand.  When they have things in it is super tasty and super cheap, and the tea machine is my favorite thing in the store.
3	I love sams clubs. But this one didnt carry the same quality and selection of merchandise as the henderson and e trop locations. Bummer. Mens clothing section great.
4	I am a huge fan of their bulk selling competitor, but Sam's Club tends to be closer to everyone's house. There are still some items that I cannot get at their store, but otherwise the selection is getting much better. By far the items worth mentioning are the whole rotisserie chickens and large slabs of salmon. Both of these items provide a quick meal. Grab a package of mixed field greens and toppings for a salad for a well balanced meal. If there are 4 or 5 of us craving sashimi, it is a smarter option to come here for the skinless salmon. It is cleaned off and ready to cut. At $22-$30 for a large piece, you can easily feed a big group.
3	I been to many Sam's club in LV and this one seems kind of small to me. Maybe it's the layout or something. Also the prices here are higher too. I guess it's because your closer to the strip & the rent may be pricey. Chicken wings in the freezer in a 10lb bag is $21.79 here on 6/19/12 but the Sam's club at Centennial is $18.79 but Costco by Centennial is $17.99 People should know your prices when shopping. But nowadays everyone is so busy so whatever. But I do like the fact that it's very bright inside. They also don't carry true chips or yoohoo here sigh. Also the watermelon here on 6/19 wasn't sweet. Waste of $5.49 sigh last note at Costco at Centennial watermelon was $3.49 and super sweet.
4	I like this Sams location for several reasons. 1: It seems a bit brighter inside. 2: Gas pumps are easier to access. 3: The car wash is low cost and easy to access. Things I don't like: 1: I've found more moldy cherub tomatoes here than anywhere else. 2: Their meat prices are sometimes up to $2 higher than the Henderson (Serene) location. 3: This location doesn't seem to carry several items that other Sams locations do. Still this is my favorite Sams location in the valley at the moment. But to be honest after 29 years of membership (I have a card going back to the 2nd Sams Club store ever opened), I'm thinking it might be time to explore their competition. And last but not least, Sams still makes paying for items with credit / debit cards more of a hassle than it should be.
4	I've been a consistent Sam's Club Customer since they opened this location. I'm here a lot. Snacks, paper and pens for the office. Milk, eggs and chicken for the house. Pros: not bad lines considering the alternative - Costcohelpful and regular staff (several I've seen consistently over the years...)free samples on the weekend!cheap gas and car washOMG the berry sundae!bulk pricing, yay32 oz plain Greek yogurt is availableCons:fish - I've gotten a couple of salmon fillets that were bad the next or following day. No bueno. STINKY. Luckily they took them back, no questions asked. Full refund. I just stick to the frozen fish.sometimes...produce - Watch your produce people! Open the container, poke, smell, touch. Don't buy it if it's already headed out the quality door! They have a tendency to hang on to produce too long in my opinion. Especially watch the non refrigerated things - that speeds up the aging process.Despite the cons I'll still be back to stock up!
5	Tight on money? Well flip your couch cushions and dig in the crevices of your couch because $2 is all you need for their hotdog combo! Boiled Nathan's hot dog, inside a warm bun, mustard, and sauerkraut, washed down with a beverage. All for $2?! You'll never go hungry in this town again!
4	I like Sam's alot it's convenient and the biggest reason , it's not as crowded as the other big box club store that I also belong too.  Gas priceses are usually cheaper then gas stations and again no long lines, yeah I'm more then a little impatient so Sam's keeps the the blood pressure lower for me.              Pricing and quality may not be as good as the "other" big box store but for me the less crowded aisles shorter lines makes up for the few dollars I might otherwise save.
5	Love this place! Great place to stock up on some meat & alcohol lol
3	if im ever in the mood for wholesale price sized goods i always come here. if you want decent french or hoagie bread sams has very good prices. excellent place to come to if you plan to have big parties or want to stock up for the end of the world or zombie apocalypse. its owned by walmart but only for "members". even though the membership is only like $35 a year, you rarely see the weirdos coming in here and shopping. plus for a hotdog and soda for $2! cant beat that.i came here with my mom once and she complained about the meat guy being rude before. she asked him for some chicken or something and i heard him say "no, thats it. no. OK!?!?!" and walked away all pissed off looking. she said she hates coming here because one time she was buying cases of chicken for the restaurant and knew that they had fresher cases than the ones they would give us and when she asked if they were the freshest one the same guy got angry and told her thats what he has and thats what shes going to get. of course they had fresher cases but they were trying to make us buy the older stuff. after that every time she comes to meat department shes uncomfortable and doesnt want to deal with that meat guy. he has a very strong irish/british accent. i had a talk with him that day telling him i didnt appreciate him talking to my mom like that when she had every right to ask her question. he dryly apologized and i left it at that, but he knew that he shouldnt have handled that question that way with her. if you give us the option to shop for fresher meat should we not get it? i dont see him around when i go lately but i hope he left or got fired for his S@%! attitude.
4	I've belonged to Sam's Club before but it's been a while. They still have some decent prices, some things it worked out about even if we just went to Walmart and bought the product in smaller sizes. We got a Living Social deal which pretty much made our membership free, otherwise I doubt we would've joined. We really don't have the space for large quantities of food and household products. We love the prepackaged Herb Roasted Turkey Breast, we were happy we could buy that again! The gas station is a good deal too, a few pennies less than the Am/Pm we usually use, and it's closer.Staff was friendly and helpful.  Check out was quick. Store was clean and organized.
4	I am by no means a Sam's Club afficionado, but having been to three in a very short amount of time, I have to say this one is one of the better ones. LIke Walmart, they are all very similar, so it's hard to judge.I recently purchased the Living Social deal for a membership here. I just couldn't resist, since I've wanted to join Costco for a while, but just didn't feel the need to purchase a membership. Once I saw the Sam's Club deal, I was sold. Even better, there more Sam's Clubs near me than the Costco, so it made the decision that much easier. The store is well-organized and they seem to have a pretty good selection of all the items I was in the market for. My household is small, so perishable items are out of the question for me to buy in bulk, but I enjoy the dry, canned and frozen goods selection as well as their bakery. The only negative I seemed to find was that a lot of their expiration dates seemed a lot shorter than for the same products that I didn't buy in bulk. Not sure if that's because they sit on the shelves slightly longer? Now I just know I have to be extra careful checking those before purchasing. Also remember, they don't take Visa, which is kind of a pain since the main credit card I use is Visa, but just be sure to bring a debit, cash or other credit card that isn't Visa for your trips here.
5	George in the optical department helped me this morning w my broken glasses. I really appreciate the way i was treated. He really made my years of repeat business seem worth it.
5	friendly staff and super great low price.
1	This is just not my store of choice.  The customer service at this location is lacking greatly.  Managers don't know their product.  My experience has been even if they search if for you in the computer, if they are even willing to do that, it shows they don't have it and then you stumble upon it in the store.  Prices also vary from other other locations and not in a good way.  And they aren't fully staffed.  I went to buy a cell phone and they had no one working the kiosk.  I was told to go to another store.  I mean really!  I've worked retail before and either staff appropriately or a manager should be able to step in and fulfill the task of any associate.  I'm sticking to the Spring Mountain location from now on.
4	Ok so to start off, i have never been to a Sam's Club before. I went in and everything was really cheap, so being someone who lives alone this place is defiantly a place to go to stock up on food. I got a 17 pack of Hot Pockets for only 10 dollars. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I will be coming back here for sure and i recommend you do too
4	I love Sam's Club it's my go to place for my stock ups on detergent, toilet paper and paper towels.
5	Love....it is my new Target!Everyone is always nice too!
4	There are so many things I enjoy about Sam's Club. It comes down to value and what makes their membership worthwhile.Purchasing in bulk can be really smart or really dumb. You see something you love, like cheese, and it's much cheaper than your local supermarket, so of course, it's added to your cart. A couple weeks later, you realize it's more cheese than you could consume in a reasonable amount of time. You were distracted by value! It's no longer the economical option. Therefore, non-perishable and frozen items are your best bet, while bulk food is best saved for parties (unless you can truly polish off that tub of hummus - we can!).Good items to purchase at Sam's Club:Household products: toilet paper, paper towels, tissues, cleaning products (Clorox, Clorox wipes, Febreeze, Swiffer cloths, dish soap, etc), laundry detergent, fabric softener, Ziploc bagsPersonal Hygiene: shampoo, conditioner, body wash, mouthwash, toothpaste, deodorant, feminine hygiene productsRandom: OTC medications, chewing gum, snacks (chips, crackers, nuts, popcorn, granola bars, etc), cereal, Keurig K-Cups, non-perishable almond milk, beer, Smart Water, seasonings (whole black peppercorns, dried basil, granulated garlic powder, etc), ice creamYeah, we buy practically everything here. These items either take a long time to spoil or don't at all, so it makes sense to buy in bulk and store. We have several items that we purchased three years ago and aren't even close to running out!The rotisserie chicken is also a worthwhile purchase! It's a whole chicken roasted with different seasoning options and for just $5! It would be more expensive and timely for you to do this at home (and most of us don't have a rotisserie). I also like their ready-made foods, like sandwich wraps, to entertain.Things I don't like at Sam's Club: their refillable liquid hand soap options are terrible (I'm FINALLY done with the one we bought a couple years ago, bleh) and payment options being limited to cash, debit cards, MasterCard, or Discover. Visa is NOT accepted everywhere thanks to Sam's Club (and Costco).The other Sam's Club features I really enjoy are the food court (seriously, $1.50 for a Nathan's Polish Dog?!), photo processing (digital prints start at $0.13 through their website; ridiculously inexpensive), and the gas station (it's one of the cheapest in the area).Annual membership: $45There's also a PLUS membership for $100, but it's only worthwhile if you need to visit the club before their normal 10 a.m. opening (they open at 7 or 8 for business members, so you get to enjoy that benefit) and if you like to save every penny possible (lots of coupon browsing required). Each membership allows a second member to join your account for free and a discounted price for additional members.
3	When it comes to buying bulk Sams and Costco is the place. Feeding hungry teenagers, this place helps. Big sample days are Fridays and Saturdays, it gets crazy. So we shop really early or really late.
4	We have been coming to this location for 3 years. Love the food court and the photo lab! They have some really cool perks for being a member. It does get packed on the weekend and early in the morning with all the stay at home moms in the valley getting their bulk shopping in for the month haha. I do love the store. We have had our good days and bad days but this is my favorite location in the valley.
5	5 stars, yes I am giving this particular location the rating they deserve! Haha, never thought I'd be giving Sam's Club the red treatment, but I feel like this location deserves it because I was so impressed with my visit yesterday. Although I prefer Costco more, they do a fine job of upping their game in comparison to the other Sam's Clubs in town. I've been to this location a handful of times and it didn't really stick out to me until now. As I enter, I follow the path on the right side which is of course the home essentials, like furniture, plates, laundry detergent and things of that nature. I thought the layout made it easy to maneuver and locate where everything was. As I approached the back section which are the meat and bakery sections, there was a sample for sushi! Wow first time ever I've seen sushi sample at Sam's Club, the employee giving the sample mentions the sushi is made fresh within the store and are replaced every 3 hours. I thought that was a great marketing tactic so I did buy one roll! I might add it was pretty good. It was around 7 dollars which is the average price. There was also an assortment of other samples near the meat area and I thought it was nice they were all lined up next to each other, making it look very organized, almost like a buffet line, haha! I also liked the fact the frozen food isle samples with were the other samples rather than randomly located throughout the freezer isles. More Sam's Clubs should do their samples layout like this! I was impressed they had this many samples considering it was a Wednesday afternoon. Overall the store was just more appealing than the other locations, I frequently shop at the Trop/Pecos location and they are sub-par compared to this one. Finally as I check out, I see the banners that this location as won as being the best in their region. Oh wow, I was right there was something special about this Sam's Club and it wasn't just me.
2	I love the prices here but the employees need customer service training.. especially the ladies wording at the jewelry department.  Rude! No hellos or Thank You after i purchased a necklace.
3	I've got tired of driving to Costco so I switched to Sams. I thought the gas price itself was good enough to get a membership here. So far, we bought a trashcan, some clothing, paper towels, go-pro camera, yoga towels, plastic cups, cat food, and seasonal fruits. We are happy with the quality and price of most of the items here. I think Sams is slightly cheaper than Costco, but you have less choices. If you frequently purchase Costco brand food, stick with Costco. I don't, so I'm ok with Sams.
3	This Sam's Club is not my usual location, but I wanted to get some pizza on my way home. Sam's Club pizza has some magic ingredients because it is aaawesooome! The staff at the food court was just horrific . It could be because there was a line of people wanting to order food, but the girl at the register was just not having it today. She helped me while the man customer is trying to figure out how to use the credit card machine to pay for his food. Then she rung up my order on another register while the man is still standing there needing help. She handed me to receipt, with no "thank you" because she was just starring at the man in disgust. So I walked away and stood at the end of counter to wait for my pizza. I am not saying that people cannot have a bad day but I felt that she just needed some help, could be overwhelming to work the front food court alone.
2	Can you imagine shopping for 10 mins and waiting 20 mins at checkout?Not the same as Costco which has much more varieties of things.  Always short on staff.
4	Good prices for bulk items.  Try to get my gas and car wash here as much as possible.   Customer service is good.  Food lunch specials are really good.  Food samples are always excellent and again make you buy what you don't normally want but hey...the power of suggestions is needed
1	The employees at the tire desk are so short with answering questions. Very quick to brush you off.  Will not be getting tires from there anymore or will not recommend to friends, go to discount tires instead..
3	It's okay here. It reminds me of a BJ's (east coast) store.  Same setup but with a blue logo.  I kinda dislike some things about the food they serve but *shrugs* they can't make everyone happy.Solid 3 stars.  Now if they added more allergen free items I would be thrilled. It's pretty amazing for buying bulk though. Toilet paper, paper plates, house hold cleaners, cat litter for cheap.I guess I'll continue buying my Apple cinnamon or Vanilla chex else where. They do not sell Bob's Red Mill so I'll continue getting that at Big Lots for CHEAP.Check out can be a major let down. They don't take credit cards LOL. I was a little pissed off, but I get it. They want payment, I just wanted to earn more Cash back rewards (1% on everything, 2% groceries, & 3% on gas). I felt horrible mistaking I could use my credit card.  I was THAT person holding up the line (Post a sign at checkout for new members?) I always pay my bills, wasn't worried. I never really thought of places not accepting it. Bring Cash or a Discover card :LEmployees can be very rude, even if you're friendly when greeting THEM. Should be the other way around.
