5	They made it very easy. We shopped all over and here we got the mattress we wanted at a very fair price, and free delivery. Ask for Dan the manager
5	Checked this place out because of an Ad they had and very glad we came to this location!  They are locally owned and operated in Vegas since 1994.  They have a good warranty which is 25 years and a 120 day satisfaction guarantee.  They also do free same-day delivery and set-up and removal. You can also do financing with no money down.  Most stores you would have to pay for delivery and you would also have to put a percentage down if you qualify for finance. Our sales person (Nick) was awesome!  Pointed us into the right direction and couldn't have been more happy.  He took real good care of us and got what we wanted.  He knew his products and absolutely delivered!  I highly recommend them.
5	We came in here after we got the Memorial Day flier in the mail. The deals they had were great! No other mattress sale in the  valley was as good as theirs. Dan was wonderful. He was the only sales person that day but he was  very patient with us since we had a hard time narrowing it down. he was honest and told us each mattresses pros and cons. He didn't try to sell us the most expensive mattress even though I definitely think where mattresses are concerned you get what you pay for- we ended up investing in the Simmons comforpedic and I think we will be quite happy.  They had it in stock andI can't wait for it to be delivered! The sale came with free box spring and free delivery.  They also will remove your old mattress set. We also splurged on the Simmons pillows that were buy one get one free. They have a 120 day return policy ( with a restocking fee of course ) and they offer financing with no money down and interest free depending on the total purchase price.  I would recommend checking this place out if your in the market for a new bed.
5	Absolutely fantastic experience! !! We came in looking to replace our bedroom mattress and ended up buying a new bedroom mattress as well as a guest bed because of the great deal we got! Our salesman Dan took the time to make sure we were both absolutely happy with how the beds felt. In fact, he's the first mattress salesman who recommended we take 5 minutes to lay on each one to really get a feel for how each one felt. My fiance and I could not be happier with the customer service and price we got from Dan at Best Mattress. We did our research and are glad we came here. We will be back when the time comes. Ask for Dan and he will take great care of you.
5	Kevin was amazing! Second time my boyfriend and I purchased a bed here and we loved the prices and the service.  We had a small issue with one of the wheels from the frame and he was kind to ask for another one to be delivered. I will be coming back a third time if I need another bed! Amazing service.
