4	Yes, you should order meat from here. It looks kinda sketchy in a neighborhood that's not for nighttime, but those are really good sausages and meats! Yes, you should eat the pieroggies! Sometimes they are not all the way cooked through from frozen though. I take half a star away from them for that. Get some cheese and some beef jerky  for home and pick up some chocolate bars over in the corner on the shelves. They have some with mousse like fillings. Explore the shelves for more interesting Polish treats. You can't argue that it's not authentic.I give this place five stars for the quality of their meats, but they lose half a star becuase one of the ladies seems so grumpy as if I am imposing on them for wanting to buy stuff, but I bet if I knew Polish she'd be sweet as a grandma.  They lose half a star for not fully cooking the pieroggies twice now, but I love Stanley's anyway. Cooked in Bacon, they are so bad for you but so yummy in the tummy. They close sometimes before the close sign, so come before 5pm just in case. Nothing is sadder than looking forward to a nice brat and it's closed. Very small parking spot, but worth it when I'm in the neighborhood.
5	DELICIOUS! The sandwiches are really good and the meat is top quality. It's also nice grabbing an exotic item from the shelf for dessert.
5	Loves me some Stanley's!  I've been going to Stanley's for years and years and thank goodness some things never change.  I don't have any friends who have eaten Stanley's subs and don't love them (if they didn't I'd probably end the friendship.)I love the ladies behind the counter who spent plenty of time in the old-country, love the meat hanging everywhere, love the imported grocery items - even love the small...everything (parking lot, building, tables, etc.)Quality meat means great sandwiches!  We swear that they put an addictive chemical on it that makes you crave it fortnightly.Even if you know of Stanley's for their sandwiches - do yourself a favor sometime and order a plate of pierogies (they'll even heat them up for you if you ask).  They're dynamite.
4	I made an airport drop in the morning and had much of the day to kill, so I was just driving around and randomly stumbled upon this place.I've always thought that I should have been born into a Polish family, or was perhaps Polish in another life, because there are only a few types of international cuisine styles that I enjoy more than that of Poland.I had been looking for a place in the Southwest with decent Polish food, particularly pierogis. There is a place in Tucson, but it's relatively expensive and inconvenient for me, so I don't go there much. When I walked in, there was a woman in the back who just looked at me and, without standing up, asked me what I wanted. Before I even saw the pierogis on the menu, I looked at what she was doing, and realized that she was rolling some fresh ones. YUM!I've been to a lot of Polish delis and they usually let you get a half dozen. Here, I had to get a dozen, and there are different pricing levels (usually $1) for cooked versus frozen pierogis. But, at about $8 for a meat-less dozen, they definitely run higher than what you would find back east, although you're also several thousand miles from most of those places.I ordered the cooked ones, since I intended on eating them soon, and was told that I would have to wait, so I got a New Times and took a seat. This was not the warmest service, but I also tend to expect that from Eastern European restaurants and delis (not a stereotype, just from experience).The store doubles as a market. They sell Polish and Eastern European food products, in addition to sausages and other deli items. They'll also make sandwiches. It was relatively quiet and there were a couple of tables. It was a small place, but actually very comfortable to sit in, although this was still early (before 11am).About fifteen minutes later, a different woman (much more pleasant) emerged from the back and handed over a styrofoam box with a plastic fork sticking out of it.The pierogis I got were cooked in bacon fat and had bacon on top. So, if you're a vegetarian, and were expecting no meat in the meatless pierogis, I guess you have to specify that to them beforehand. They were a bit more oniony and greasy than I would have liked, and lacked some of the more intricate and subtle flavors that I've gotten at other places. But these were definitely real-deal pierogis and that, alone, I really liked.I'll definitely be back. I can never get enough Polish food, and I'd like to try their sandwiches and sausages. If you like Polish food and, like me, are stuck craving it in Arizona, then you could certainly do a whole lot worse.
4	The homemade fresh polish sausage is definitely 5 star but the customer service is a little harsh.  It reminds me a little of the "cheeseburgah" spot on the early SNL. But back to the sausage...I had a brat and provalone hot sub--super yummy ($5.75) and got a link of fresh polish sausage ($4.75/lb.) to take home and enjoy later. While I was at the counter someone came in from the European Cafe to pick up a deli order so I guess Stanley's supplies at least 1 restaurant also. Try it...You'll like it!
5	Stanley's, yum!!!!.  When I got married many many years ago, Stanley's catered food for my reception.  There were sausages, stuffed cabbage, sauerkraut, pierogies.  OMG!  My Hungarian grandmother would have been very pleased.  I just wish she could have been there.  Anyway, just wanted to say that everyone raved about the food and we had lots of leftovers, ordered extra on purpose.  Since grandma was no longer with us, she did all the amazing cooking of these wonderful foods, we savored each and every bite.
5	There is so much goodness in this place I don't even know where to begin. I've been going here ever since i was a little girl, A few times a month my mom or grandma would stop in and get the smoked butt, perogi's, polish sausage, blood sausage, bratwurst,  hot italian sausage, liverwurst, bacon, or whatever was recommended to us at the time by the ladies behind the counter.  I have to admit as a child I was pretty unnerved by the ladies behind the counter but after 25+ years of going here, they are very sweet and wonderful ladies. Many times I have asked for suggestions and the have always came through for me. On my last trip I told them I am having a BBQ this weekend and what smoked sausage would go best as a snack.  Their question "are you serving beer?", and yes I was! The next question "you like spicy?" and yes i do.  She went over to the side wall and pulled two giant red links off the rack and said with a smile "This...will be good." (when I got home I tried a little and It was good!)I can see where people can say the ladies behind the counter are intimidating but they really are wonderful.  I have stopped in for a sandwich a time or two in the afternoon and had great conversations with them when I was the only one in the store and it was slow.  They have even offered me a tour once.This is a place ran by hard working immigrants that have an amazing product. Every time I am in the area a make a point of stopping in and getting the smoked butt (the "butt" is actually the shoulder cut on a pig bot the actual butt). Its excellent sliced thin on a sandwich.You don't find sausage shops like this anymore.  My grandma grew up in Wisconsin and she said this place reminded her of the polish deli's she went to back in the 50's.  Authentic and yummy.
5	The thing I saw another reviewer hate aobut this place I love, which is you walk in the door and it feels like you have entered into Eastern Europe. The backwall is lined with all sorts of smoked pork products, from chunks of smoked bacon, to ham, to what seems like a never ending display of different types of sausages and yes, the women providing the service are not all that smiley but come on, you get an authentic experience with people you know their smoked meats, and boy are those good!I picked up a chunk of smoked bacan that they slice for you and the smoked pork butt is just wow! I went home and chopped some up and sauteed it with some sliced fennel bulb and lentils and it was like wow, so good, both smoky and salty. I also picked up some sort of dried sausage stick and though it is bad for you, it is so good - a great addition to a nice glass of red wine, some cheese, and some good french bread.By the way, if you live in Tempe and go to the farmer's market on Saturday morning it is on your way home, just take 7th street to McDowell and take a right and it is right around 21st Street and McDowell.So, when you go in the store and the Eastern European women don't smile at you just remember, you walk in that store and you are in their culture, not yours, so enjoy the experience and buy some sausage! :-)
4	I was able to try out this place for the first time last Saturday. You walk in and you are a bit lost at first because you have so many choices as far as meats to choose from and what you can order. Hanging on the walls are a bunch of different kinds of cured meats that all look delicious but I didn't order any of those this time. My dad and I both ordered a polish sausage meal. His was the fresh polish and mine was the smoked polish sausage. They were both really good and we garnished with fresh sauerkraut. The sandwich was amazing! As I write this I am wishing I had time to go back today to try something different. I also plan on ordering some cured meats of some sort as well. A summer sausage or something spicy and tube shaped.
4	Pretty cool little placed nestled in a crappy part of town.  There's a small seating area inside, with a traditional deli counter along the back wall.  Along the sides are huge shelves stocked with numerous imported products of Eastern European origin.There are about a million types of fresh sausage and cuts of meat hanging up behind the counter, and various meats and cheeses on display.  I can't speak to the prices, as I've never really purchased deli meats in this fashion before.  The prices seemed a little higher than your typical grocery store, but the selection looked fresher than anything I've seen at say, Wal-Mart.They've also got a pretty extensive menu of sandwiches and hot dogs that you can order prepared fresh.  I got a roast beef sandwich for around six dollars that I had a hard time finishing.  A few of the staff members seemed less than friendly, but I can excuse that when the food is good and the service is quick.  Definitely a good place to stop by if you're in the area.
3	Yes, I'd say A-OK for Stanley's.  Their sausages range from okay (kabanosy) to quite good (spicy kolbasz) but I'd agree that they're a bit on the pricy side.  I usually patronize their Bell Rd. location as it's closer to my house, but I ate lunch here a few weeks ago since I was in the 'hood.  It was right before Christmas and the place was JAM packed with everyone getting their holiday goodies.  The kielbasa sandwich was fine, they also have subs and other cold cut type sandwiches.Though they don't really hold a candle to some of the awesome Polish deli's back in Chicago, it's probably about the best you'll find out here in Phoenix.
5	Old Skool European at it's best! . .  Sausages hanging behind the counter to dry and age and the smell of the place made me want to lick the walls! The ladies behind the counter are a testimonial to how authentic Stanley's Homemade Sausage is completely the real deal! There are many european grocery items avalable to purchase as well. The sandwiches are yummy and fresh on bread that seams as if it just came out of the oven. (Even though I don't think they bake anything there) The Meat is what it's all about ! Reminds me of Parma the Polish area in Cleveland and the Polish American Festivals . . . without the crowds!
5	I love love love their meat! They must sprinkle it with crack or something cus those sandwiches are addicting lol
5	Almost seems a waste of time to review this place.  If you're not already a fan, my 5 star isn't going to change your mind.But Wow!  Our two friends said the best brats (#8) they ever ate.  And our smoked sausage sandwichs (#18 & 20) were fabulous.Sorry, guys, the lady who took our order (on a Saturday noon) was reasonably happy and the gal delivering from the kitchen was very smiley and friendly.  Must have been our Irish charm.  So next time you go, don't pretend to be Polish, tell 'em you're Irish!
5	Smells great, feels very old-world when you walk.  The lady behind the counter was so calm and unruffled as the place steadily filled up while my Mother placed her order for a month's worth of meat!  Asked her to recommend a sausage to go with cheese/crackers -Krakaw is a about the size of my thumb and so flavorful and rich tasting - yummy.   I chose the Polish sausage and Hungarian sausage to take home for Master Griller to have his way with them - will have to update my review after the big event!They offer homemade sandwiches there too - we got something loaded with a variety of lunchmeats on this soft, almost "roll" bread.  Reasonably priced and so fresh n tasty.  However, when I made a smart crack about "what kind of knucklehead would order the Vegetarian Sub that was on the menu" I couldn't even get a little snicker out of the counter lady, she is old school & old world.  I LOVE IT!  Go there, check out the website First so you know what you might want to order, counter lady don't play and she don't mark those items all wrapped up in white paper so pay attention and do it when you get home! Support Your Local Businesses or you will be left in a corporate clone world!
4	I love finding places like this. What a gem in a great part of town. Picked up a couple of subs to go (European and and a Roast Beef) both full of meat and the bread was great as well. To top it off we picked up some fresh brats to grill up later.
5	Bring your wallet or if you have little self control it maybe better to just bring some cash and leave the plastic and pay check at home. The smell of the meats curing on the racks when you walk in to the front deli will transport you to meat Valhalla. This is what a deli is supposed to be. All their meats here are delicious. If the lady behind the counter is mean to you, you probably deserve it. If your a first timer just order the European Sub. All they're cold cut
5	This is an amazing little shop on 22nd St and McDowell. I found out about it from a Polish man who was searching for ingredients to make Polish moonshine. We were discussing the paucity of delicatessens here in the desert (a theme that transits my reviews) and he mentioned that this place was everything you wanted out of a deli. He was correct.Much like the best delicatessens, the food is ethnic. Eastern European sausage is their specialty. You can get other stuff, and it is also good. However their selection of handmade Eastern European sausage is absolutely phenomenal. The woman behind the counter is also terrific! You get the sense that she would rap you on the head with a spoon if she could get away with it. My first time in, I was reading the menu, she walked up and asked, "What you want?" in a heavy (likely Polish) accent. When I hesitated, she exclaimed, "C'mon, what are you hungry for?" Don't let the gruffness fool you, she is only bringing home the point that we spend too much time at places like Subway ordering their "meals" than thinking about what we'd like to eat.I go two hot dogs that first time, they were absolutely amazing. I mean they were hot dogs, just amazing hot dogs. Since then I have also tried the polish sausage, a turkey sandwich (just a bite) and the pierogies...OMG the pierogies! --why is it that any place that makes pierogies only sells them by the dozen? they are soooo heavy!!!--Also there is an amazing selection of Eastern European groceries, everyting from jams and jellies to Kosciusko mustard and candy bars. I don't think there is another spot in the valley that has some of this stuff!This place is a must hit here in the valley. People who care about the food they serve you, and enough character to write a novel about. Go and check them  out, you might find out about a sweet concert coming up from a Polish pop band as well!
5	Stanley's, Stanley's, Stanley's!!  I love this place. When you are in the mood for s sub, there are no shortages right here in the greater Phx area. Take your pick from large national chains to the smallest of mom and pop shops. Stanley's is one of my favorites. Friends of mine kept telling me to try this place, and boy am I glad I did. Reminds me of meat shops in Germany.  The place is small, with a couple of tables, but space is tight. The better choice is to take out. That way people won't hear you scream as you lose control over your sub. When you first walk in, the smell hits you. Smoked sausages and fresh meats abound. There are about 30 subs on the menu, but I bet they can make you anything you want. My favorite is the ham, turkey, roast beef. A whole sandwich is about 10" and the bread is some of the best around.  Fresh, soft and full of flavor. The meats are sliced thin and flavored perfectly. The roast beef has a nice beef flavor, the ham is a nice combination of smokey and salty and the turkey is sweet and jusy. The veggies are fresh and crisp.  I am not a fan of the special sauce though, just not up my alley. They also have chocolates, jams and other can goods from various parts of Europe. An absolute must try for any sub fan.
5	Great bacon that they will slice as thick as you like. Sure the ladies begin the counter are old world types. They're friendly enough though and the meats are great. They'll let you try anything you want and if you go in the morning it smells so delicious when they're running the smoker.
4	Talk about a Sausage fest,  Sausages, Sausages! This places has them, hanging on the wall, everywhere.  Some kind of sausage factory in the back and the personal up front is straight to the point no chit chatting here.  I love the pastrami if I go in for a quick bite.  I like the take different kinds of sausages to go to cook later.I tried giving them three starts just could not do it this places deserves the fourth star while sausage company takes number uno.  The place just gives a great vibe of credibility that these people know their encased meats.  The one hater, John J, your story is as bogus as it sounds, any formal news from your health department complaint?  The reviews are high star rating after another.
2	We lost a legend of deli's and it is replaced with a somewhat chain restaurant called So we MEAT again. The sandwich left much to be desired, the bread was mediocre and the thinly sliced piece of cheese on my sandwich brought a tear to my eye. The kabanosy sausage tasted over processed but a bit tasty with all the garlic inside, but the after taste was not pleasing. I may make the trek to the Stanley's on Bell road but was hoping this place was the birth of the rumored Stanley's that was supposed to branch into 7 new stores. I can't say that I would return to this shop as it was not terrific. There was mention of European goodies like stuffed cabbage and some other dishes during the holidays but is this not the holidays? Turkey day is 3 days away? If I do return here it won't be for a sandwich but maybe some cold cuts, smoked butt and during the holidays. The young lady behind the counter said that Stanley's shared their recipes with them but the menu states that these are passed down through generations of Shannon's deli with no mention of Stanley's. Maybe when they get the smokehouse in the back of the building going they will offer the 60+ unique cuts they promise.
5	A long time family favorite! It isn't a proper family get together without Stanley's pierogis!
4	I do love Stanleys, so I was very disappointed to learn that the location on McDowell and 22nd Street is now closed.  The shop that took over in the space is nothing similar, so don't bother going in if you showed up there looking for Stanleys, as I did.  I haven't made it up to the location on Bell yet, but I might have to make the trek up there.  How else will I get my Christmas Eve pierogi?   :(
