2	I wanted a chance to "grand slam" something. I have been accused of being "too nice" on most of my reviews - easy to explain... I don't usually bother to rate places I don't like. 2 stars for Denny's (...I don't understand how anyone rates anything 1 star... two is the lowest for me unless I am physically hurt by eating somewhere - Look, I understand if you're angry after a bad experience, but lets keep it in perspective - A pile of shit served cold in Iraq might rate 1 star, if you weren't hungry...)This is the most pathetic excuse for dining there is. The food is generic and bland, the atmosphere is like a k-mart, and the crowd is just plain sad to be there (minus the after 2am drunken folks who don't know any better, or seniors who have few taste buds left).Sure I have eaten here, rather than starve... but I'm sure not proud of it! If there were anything else open at 2am I doubt anyone with taste buds would waste their time.Save your money (an extra dollar or two) and treat yourself to one of the dozens of GREAT breakfast spots in town. Life is too short to eat crap. Better to support good restaurants with your dollars - guess what? that breeds more good restaurants! Don't settle!
3	I like how Denny's is trying to get hip and attract a younger crowd at night by changing the music exactly at 10pm from elevator to rock.  Even the servers change uniforms - from the standard button down to a black tshirt.  I don't know if it was because I was starving after a long day at work or that their food has genuinely improved, but the food tasted alright to me.  Maybe more than alright.  The hash browns were nice and crispy on the surface and it was great how everything stayed piping hot on the hot plate they served it on.  Service was friendly and professional.  How can you beat the price especially late at night when nothing else in the area is open?
4	4 stars = Yay! I'm a fan. However, I should put this into context. Let's restructure the Yelp stars for a moment, shall we? When it's 2 a.m. and you've just danced your arse off for 2 hours in Old Town, what are your options for grabbing some food? Yep, you guessed it: Denny's. 4 stars = Yay! It's 2 a.m. and I'm freakin' hungry and I want food now!!! Oh, hi, Denny's, you're open and your food is edible. So, uhm, yeah. I had the smoked turkey sandwich. I ate every morsel. I was so hungry, it's true. It was about the best choice for the time - something with substance that wasn't a burger; something healthy that wasn't a meager salad. I also had 2 hot cups of tea with honey. It may have been Lipton brand, but it was good. Again, I was hungry. My brother had their Grand Slam sandwich. Everything inside looked and tasted yummy. The bread tasted like syrup, though. Icky. My other brother had their super big hamburger. It was so big, I'm not sure how anyone eats it. But, he said it was good. Nothing like chowin' down on some Denny's grub after the club, yo.
4	Came here late night after partying at Devil's Martini nearby. The atmosphere was fun as about 15 semi-drunk patrons all congregated for some late night carbs! Our server was busting his hump at 2am and was working hard so kudos to him! The food was good as always. I can eat breakfast food at anytime so I'm always a fan.
3	This Denny's has fed me on a few inebriated occasions. Not sure if the food really takes as long as it feels or I'm just an impatient drunkard, but the servers have always put up with us; so for that, I am grateful. Unfortuanately, the food still tastes like crap no matter how drunk I am.
4	This Denny's is right in the heart of S. Scottsdale - perfect for patrons of the nightclubs afterwards.  Denny's doesn't have the best food in general, but after a night out full of shots, cocktails, & beer -- it sure hits the spot!  I don't condone eating this late, but if you're out on a night of fun with good company; just do it!  The waitresses here are pretty rambuntious; they sure know how to please and counteract with drunk crowd - I appreciate that!  I'm sure they deal with that crap on a weekly basis and are used to it.  Decor is your typical Denny's restaurant - you know that look :)
4	Contrary to the other reviews, we had not one drop of alcohol in our system when we stopped by on a Thursday morning.  Normally, we're fans of the mom & pop's estabs, however giving that it was THANKSGIVING morning, choices were few and far between.  It was crazy packed in here, however we were seated quickly and at least 3 people greeted us when we stepped through the door.  I had the holiday slam with double bacon, well-done hash browns and the gingerbread french toast.  Why I ordered the GFT I don't know, because normally I don't dig gingerbread, however it was SUCH a sweet choice.  The HBs were perfect.  & one can't go wrong with bacon (let alone 2 helpings). Our waitress was oh so cheerful even with 10 other tables in her section.  The manager stopped by each and every table to ask patrons how they were doing.  Wow, being friendly and welcoming!  What a novel idea!  Denny's on N. Scottsdale Rd, you get the 4th star for excelente service.
4	Good service, smiling faces, and the best food Denny's has to offer. Unlike most Denny's I have been to, I don't think anyone is on parole here.
2	Totally disappointed. Unless you're making a visit at the weeee hours of the morning after a late night at the bar, and you're taste buds are non existent and you're a.d.d. and don't mind waiting forever for food - this place was just horrible from taste to service. FYI if you ever order a grilled cheese keep in mind they slap a tomato on it. UGH! I was disgusted. First of all I gag at the sight of tomatoes let alone the taste.Grilled cheese is not on the menu, but I figured when I asked for a grilled cheese it was just that. Bread with grilled cheese. Sorry I to vent but i was livid. I waited 45min for that and had to send it back. two thumbs down
3	Can't beat the free bd grand slam!
2	Bleh, sorry Denny's but I'm not a fan. The food is awful. More times than not, so is the service. I only came here two times for breakfast because the other nearby restaurants had a wait and I was starving. But next time, I think I'd rather start gnawing on my own arm.
4	Denny's has expanded their menu to the point where they are now a force to be reckon with for this class of restaurant. Fresh spinach as a side? I think so. Also, be sure to try red potato side - some of the best I've ever had. Think crispy, hot and fresh and goes great with tobasco.  $1.99 for a bowl of their chicken noodle soup with your entree? Hell yes! Much better quality than canned soup or even the fresh deli soups in the supermarkets. The chicken tender dinner is my go to menu item of choice. I've dined here twice in the last month and I have greatly enjoyed myself both times. Sure, you'll occasionally have to contend with the coughing and wheezing elderly person or obnoxious kid, but overall I give the big thumbs up for approval. Throw in an occasional coupon or one of their specials - it's an outright bargain.
5	Just wanted to say that we had breakfast one morning (Dennys next to our hotel) a few weeks ago when in Scottsdale.  We had been eating at different places in Scottsdale since it was the first time in the city.   After trying another breakfast Restaurant down the street the day before we wanted to eat somewhere we knew.  The service was great they were friendly and helpful.  The food was great.  We both had the country fried steaks and that was the first time all week I eat everything on my place.  The coffee was good.  By the time I left  there I had a smile on my face.  Thanks Denny's staff you are awesome.  Thanks for making my day.....
1	This is the worst food ever.  White trash people you now have another gathering spot besides the greyhound bus terminals. Why eat here please tell me.
1	Stopped by today. They were having a cheerleading fundraiser for a local high school. We waited 40 minutes for our food. My lemonade was not refilled the entire time. Food is set down. Right away I can tell my wife's avacado on her salad had been sitting out for quite some time. It is browned. Everything on my plate, a regular slam, is cold. I left, no charge. Upset enough to drive to ihop 6 miles away. 2 out of 10, would not eat here again. To be fair I believe it was the waitress' fault and not the kitchen.
1	Management at this location is terrible. How could you be a nationwide chain and not have capability to void a receipt so that I could adequately tip your employee.?!
3	It's a Denny's, what can you really say? Food was exactly as expected, though I did enjoy their new coffee. The service at this location was great, and our waitress was super funny.
3	Good Food at good prices
1	Bleck! Stopped here Sunday morning for a quick breakfast. We waited about 20 minutes for 2 people (understandable its a sunday morning) but ended up waiting over 30 minutes for our food, that's 30 minutes of waiting after we ordered! There was nothing good about this breakfast at all. It took forever to get our food, when it finally came out the food was cold, everything was tasteless, the sausage was burnt, the toast was burnt, the hash browns had no taste and were completely dry, the eggs were not cooked how I asked and our waitress was in her own little world.... I know Denny's isn't a fantastic place or usually at the top of my list to eat at in the first place, but we had to pass it to go where we were going, we had not had it in quite sometime, its cheap and we thought it would be simple, easy and ok. But it wasn't even ok, it was just as I said earlier.... BLECK! I wont be going back here, I will drive further to hit up an IHOP or spend some more money and hit up a local spot!Methinks not!
5	After a late night in Old town filled with drinks, bars, and shenanigans , where else would my friends and I go?! Love love love Dennys and all of it's glory. The grand slams are absolutely out of this world and the Oreo shake is PERFECTION from what I remember. I think the service was great for the hour of night/morning. I came home (using UBER of course) feel full, satisfied and ready to sleep. I would definitely go back!
1	Wow, just awful. I don't understand how the service could be so horrible. We came, ordered, food took a really long time to come out. We were pretty much the only people in the restaurant... Why? Then the server got another table... That was the end of it all. She didn't come back. No refills, not even once. The lady was a crabby old bag with a large nose. This is Denny's, I don't expect perfection but I do expect service better than a 2 year old would provide. Thanks a lot Cynthia B. You ruined my evening.
1	Waited 10 minutes to be seated at a time with plenty of open tables.  It's now 25 minutes after I ordered and still no food. Last time for this guy!
4	They really should give you a coffee refill pot when you order coffee, to prevent this from happening again.  I give my waitress 5 stars.  She was very friendly.  However, she was taking another order at a table, and I just slammed my cup of coffee--not her fault.  A DIFFERENT waitress walked next to me, so I asked, "Excuse me, may I please have a refill?"  She said something like, 'Okay, but let me go to my tables first.'  I was shocked.  It would have taken two seconds to refill my coffee, it took LONGER for her to tell me that she needed to check her tables first.  Nobody in her section needed coffee anyway, and then she had to walk all the way back to me again.  I am a server myself, and I really didn't understand what that was all about.  When I am walking with a pitcher of water at my job, I fill up water as I go along, even if the tables aren't in my section.  It's about customer service first!  Anyway, my waitress was great!  She was very attentive and had a great personality.  My waitress and the restaurant itself gets five stars, though.  I've just never understood the "my section first, you later" kind of a mentality with refills.  A restaurant's staff is supposed to be a TEAM, not a competition.
1	This was the strangest trip to any restaurant I've ever had. We walk in to no one at the counter, the manager comes out and ignores us, then turns to the kid sweeping up and asks him to seat us. The kid is definitely odd and a bit rude, i.e. I say "just the two of us please"and he responds with "oh really? I see six of you" no laugh, smile, or words follow, just turns around and waves for us to follow him. We sit at the table and no one comes to us for at least 15 minutes, no silverware, water, coffee. Then the party starts. Our waiter comes up and is the strangest person I've ever met, going off on crazy tangents and honestly just making our experience uncomfortable, these are things I have no problem tolerating, if the service is good. From here we order coffee and our entrees (since we've had more than enough time to decide by now and we already want to leave). He brings us coffee and I hear him turn to a waitress and tell her he brought us decaf since there wasn't any coffee ready. I ask him if it's decaf and he tells me no, like, dude I just heard you... Anyway we start eating, no coffee or water refills until we're halfway through our meal. He brings the coffee out and with no warning from him I take a sip and the coffee is 1 degree shy of its boiling point, I'm still recovering today. Not to mention he forget to put in 1/3 of our order and we didn't receive some dishes. At the end of the meal we discuss the tip, agreeing that we'd not tip our usual 20% as this was just not a good experience, the server brings our receipt and asks us to total it out with the tip before he runs the card! So now he has to see the tip and deal with us afterwards, forcing us to tip him out 20% so we can avoid that awkward situation. One of the weirdest, most uncomfortable trips to Denny's ever,  I will not return to this location.
