3	Open, airy, and sunny, Via is a good place to stop off and eat as you recharge on a day off in downtown Montreal. It's kind of like a cafe vs. bistro, but there are a few secret weapons on the menu that align it more with a real restaurant. Food is light, inexpensive, and very tasty. Coffee is amazing. Beware of the corporate douches that crowd the place at lunch on weekdays though. You've never seen so many shitty suits from Le Chateau paired with Aldo shoes and Kenneth Cole watches.
4	To begin with, this bar is located on Cresent Street which is basically where all the tourists go to hang out, drink, and people watch. In fact, there are many bars and restaurants on this street with open terrace;s or balaconys. If you are in Montreal during the 2 months of the year when there is actually no snow, then you will probably want to check this place out. So this is place was pretty cool. Nice, open, outside terrace. However, while I found the rest of Montreal to be somewhat affordable, this place took me back to Boston pricing pretty quickly. $10 bucks per drink and such. With that being said, our waitress was very friendly and outgoing. She got our drinks quickly and it was a cool place just to hang out. Hit up anywhere on Cresent street if you are in Montreal. It is good day or night when the weather is nice.
3	Stopped here for our first meal in Montreal. My spaghetti bolognese was just ok. But service was good.
3	Good Food and authentic cuisine. 1 star docked because we wanted to modify the food and we were told "the chef does not allow that." We wanted one sauce with a different pasta. The change is allowed on some pastas and not others. Not customer friendly in that regard. The anitipasto was great and meats were good quality. The bread was good too. The food was okay but I am not sure I would come back unless this was a place of last resort. The whole customer service thing really bothered. But good food.
4	I went to Cafe Via Crescent with friends for an impromptu lunch in august. It was a lovely hot summer day so we chose to sit on their beautiful patio. The food was amazing! No complaints from any of us. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive. It was an all around great experience at a moderately priced Italian restaurant.
2	Service was slow. Ordered seafood platter; some cold, some raw. Sent back and they just reheated the plates.  Not good value.
