3	Desert-dwelling Parrotheads and tourist-trap lovers can rejoice now that a Margaritaville outpost is open in Glendale's Westgate. My cute suburban parents have an affinity for anything remotely tourist-trappy [perhaps that's a Freudian explanation of my Yelpiness].  So I knew they'd be all over this place during their most recent visit.  After the Cardinals game we wanted to wait out the unbearable traffic jams so we indulged Pops and sauntered into this bar.  Beyond the raucous post-game crowd and the Saturday night crowds we saw the day before, we were  startled and shocked to see a stilts-walking clown (I am not fucking kidding) going table to table making balloon animal figures. Besides the dining area and elevated bar, you can choose from the outside patio and upstairs tiki dining balcony.After spotting a gigantic mound of nachos in the shape of a volcano we decided we must have that.  So we ordered up a round of margaritas on the rocks with salt and the "Volcano Nachos" and some of the Florida delicacy known as Conch Fritters.  The margaritas were surprisingly blah.  I can name a dozen places in town where you can find better margaritas - Sam's Cafe, Barrio Cafe, Los Dos, Dos Gringos to name a few. People obviously must not come here for the margs.These Volcano Nachos were bigger than my face.  I mean it was huge.  Much better tasting than what we had next door at Fox Sports Grill and definitely more memorable.  I foresee Margaritaville becoming a landmark here in Glendale. The restaurant faces out onto the Jobing.com Arena doorstep and Westgate fountain-style plaza so it's in a prime location, but having been dragged to the ones in Las Vegas and Key West - it's just doesn't have that sense of place. [wah-wah sound here]
3	If I could give 4 stars for atmosphere and 3 stars for food I would.With all the hype of getting a Margaritaville I guess was expecting a little more in the way of Margaritas and cheeseburgers. But I was underwhelmed with both. You can get a much better burger next door at Yardhouse and a much better selection of Margaritas from Salty Senorita. With that aside this place is quite the spectacle. It has 2 stories, a stage, fishing boat booths, and every other piece of decor that a Parrothead could love. TV's broadcast Jimmy himself rocking out and some odd montages of Parrothead outings. Live music is offered here several nights of the week and they offer 2-3 bar areas. If defiantly won't become part of the regular rotation but from time to time we might wonder in looking for our lost shaker of salt.
2	I was so looking forward to enjoying myself here with a group of friends about a month ago. I was even hoping it would be cool enough to host a close friend's party since she's such a big Jimmy Buffett fan. Unfortunately, I was terribly disappointed. The day I went it was cold (for Phoenix) and pouring. I actually waited in my car for a good 20 minutes hoping the rain would lessen. I still ended up sprinting across the parking lot, getting soaked in the process. This is when I discovered Westgate has no overhangs whatsoever. Everyone was getting absolutely drenched so I was eager to get inside the restaurant and dry off. Ha! So apparently, someone thought it would be cool if the restaurant had one whole wall that would open up into the patio area, kind of an indoor-outdoor sort of thing. That would be really cool in the summer, but not when it's 40 degrees and raining! Our table was only a few feet from the patio area (where they were still seating people in the rain!) and I asked several times if they would consider closing the wall so it wouldn't rain inside the restaurant and get us sick. The waitress said she would check with the manager. Yeah, they never closed the wall. So we spent our meal cold with the wind blowing all around us. The food was overpriced and poorly done. I ordered the Crab Cake sandwich which was way too rich and doused in some salty sauce. One of my friends ordered a sandwich that comes with sun-dried tomato mayo. When she got the sandwich, there were no mayo at all. It took the waitress three trips to remember the mayo and when she put it down we were shocked. It was green! Now, I don't know about anyone else, but where I came from sun-dried tomatoes are red. The waitress left before we could ask. Turns out it was some avocado thing instead. Then the waitress tried to charge extra for it. I'm sorry but the mayo is supposed to already be on the sandwich! Ugh!Overall, just an awful experience.
3	You know, I never understood why Parrotheads get so excited about Jimmy Buffet.  After my first visit to Margaritaville... I still don't understand. I get it, it's a way of life or state of mind, a way to cut loose... but continuous videos of tailgating at Jimmy Buffet shows, with Chesney or Wilson thrown in every 10th video? Not for me. I'm sure a lot of people find this place to be like a little 'cheeseburger in paradise'. The atmosphere is kind of fun, but with a quoted 'one to two hour wait time', at a place that will not do reservations or call-ahead seating, it would be nice to have bigger bars to kill that wait time. The food is not bad. I will say the Volcanic Nachos were like manna from heaven, after we got seated, stacked THIIIIIS high with lots and lots of 'penos. My fish tacos were nothing to write home about, and the side of 'paradise' or something of that nature rice was... rice with carrots and peas. Huh. I have to say, though, I did not feel ripped off. The food wasn't stellar but at $10 for a good-sized helping, it was decent. My friends ordered other things and I really did not hear any raving. One person's steak was still mooing, after ordering it medium. Service was really, really good. I wish I could do a separate 4 stars for the staff, they were awesome. I never had to ask for another drink, and our guy was incredibly patient while we waited for the rest of our party to show up after we had been seated. We did not feel rushed at all, and that means a lot in such a packed restaurant where others are obviously waiting still. They split our check without batting an eyelash. I tipped accordingly, you should too. These guys were facing a mosh pit with smiles on their faces. The balloon guy on stilts was a hoot (ask him to give you crabs if you go) and the live band was classic college alt rock, about 5 years after college. No one danced, which I thought was pretty funny. They didn't sound too bad. Definitely a place for Parrotheads or those into doing the trendy theme restaurant thing. :)
5	Finally!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! A Margaritaville close to home! I am a local and have  been to 8 Margaritavilles (Key West, Las Vegas, Ocho Rios, Montego Bay, Orlando, Grand Cayman, Cozumel,Glendale)! Yes, I am a long time parrothead and love Jimmy Buffett-his music, the parrothead lifestyle, and of course, margaritas!. This location doesn't have slides that empty into a pool or water, nor do they  have trampolines in the ocean to bounce on, but is sits right off the Westgate dancing fountains, so there is water around! Margaritaville Glendale is in the Westgate Center which is in the Cardinal Stadium complex (hate the name University of Phoenix Stadium). You can sit inside or outside. The food is wonderful-The Volcano Nachos are towering feasts of wonder and are made for more than one person to eat! The Jamaica Mistaika wings are sweet yet spicy, and the Corn and Crab Chowder soup is delightfully good! The Margaritas get my 10 lime seal of approval!! I have yet to ever have a bad margarita at any of the locations and it's nice to know that you can order a drink and expect excellence, time and time again! The ceiling depicts The Arizona Beach (you know after California drifts away from the mainland). I have to limit my review to 4 stars as when we were there on opening day and having a great look around at the nuances of this locale, the manager was a bit uptight about it, and it put a bit of a downer on the 1st visit. The waitstaff are wonderful as are the Smuggler's hold staff, especially Shay!  There really isn't a trademark "thing" like a blender that gets dived into, or an exploding volcano. That would have been nice!-----------Update August 2009. -We've been back more than once but I wanted to give Margaritaville KUDOS for outstanding customer service. I have now upgraded my review to 5 stars. Never let it be said that one person can not represent an entire chain of restaurants in one fell swoop. We went for lunch August  27th and ordered conch fritters for appetizers. We both had frozen Desdemona Raspberry Ritas as well. I then ordered a lunch size Chicken Caesar Salad, and my daughter ordered Bayou Shrimp Pasta. Upon it's arrival, my salad looked and tasted divine.My daughter didn't realize the pasta dish had sausage in it, and was looking at it making a funny face. I had just asked her what was wrong when our waitress appeared. She could also see my daughter sort of picking at the dish. My dtr. asked if there was sausage in it and the waitress said yes. This waitress ( I believe her name was Heather) immediately, and I mean IMMEDIATELY offered to take it back and get her something else.She said we wouldn't be charged for it at all, and she'd be glad to get her something she could eat. It was her immediate willingness to resolve this matter that made me ask her to go ahead and put it in a to go box and I would take it home to my hubby. She asked "Are you sure 'cause it is no problem to just switch them out". I assured her that it would be fine, and my dtr. ordered another shrimp dish which was wonderful! In this day and age, having someone so willing to make something right is refreshing!! I am hoping that Margaritaville sees this and recognizes the young lady for her outstanding customer service!!! The frozen raspberry ritas got 10 out of 10 limes for being frozen concoctions of pure delight!!
4	My buddies and I decided to hit up the west side last night and visited Margaritaville.  It was one of the most fun nights out that I have had in quite some time.We got there and lucked out and were able to get a table in the bar area that was in a prime location with views of everything going on.  From there on, the night just kept getting better and better.I'll start with the food.  Everything that we ordered (peel n' eat shrimp, tortilla soup, jambalaya, fish tacos, and the "cheeseburger in paradise") were excellent.  Our server was one of the friendliest, coolest girls that we have ever met, and made sure that there was never an empty bottle of beer on our table.As for the atmosphere, this was a tale of two worlds.  As the night began for us (right around 8:00), it seemed like the complete opposite of a night out in the Scottsdale area.  There were actually more girls in the place out and about and having fun than there were guys.  Plenty of cute girls (not a single one fitting the "Scottsdale" mold) from all walks of life outnumbered the guys by a 3:1 ratio.  I'm so used to heading out to places where it is just a sausage-fest with all the guys there that I almost didn't know what to do with myself.  And the dudes that were there were normal as well, very casually dressed and just there having a good time with the group of people they came with.  Plus people weren't there trying to pick up on folks and act all cool, but rather there just to enjoy a night out.  Then, almost as the clock struck midnight, things changed.  Suddenly it seemed that the place filled up with the "Scottsdale crowd," meaning girls all done up and dudes that looked (and acted) like complete douche bags.  It turned into a sausage fest full of people normally found on the other side of town.  After viewing ridiculous and immature behavior by the new crowd, we settled up and left.The band that performed there this night was AMAZING.  They started at 10:00pm and played covers of popular songs from many genres of music.  There was a small area down by the stage for dancing, and as the night went on more and more people were out there dancing and having a good time.I definitely plan to make this a regular occurrence on Friday nights.  The drive out from where I live in Tempe was well worth it.  I'll just make sure to leave before midnight next time.
3	So Margaritaville will do "preferred seating" if you call in advance, which is basically like reservations.  However, since the only reason anyone's ever over in that part of town is because of a sporting event or other crowded event, the "preferred seating" goes fast.  Despite that hurdle, I still came by after my graduation ceremony at the stadium next door, and I was delighted that the wait was only 30 minutes for our party of seven.  Dining here in the daytime was a bit of a disappointment.  The music was loud, but it wasn't too festive, and I think it was coming from the tvs instead of a live band, since I never saw a band there that day.  The margarita deserves 5 stars.  Outstanding!  But the fish tacos that came highly recommended were very bad.  I ended up barely eating them.  I get very annoyed when a menu does not disclose the ingredients in a dish, and there were onions all over these tacos.  If you hate onions, don't order them.  The nachos were good, but covered in beef, so I had to eat them very carefully.  We skipped desert.  The bill for all seven, including the tips, 7 margaritas, 7 soft drinks, seven entres and an appetizer came to less than $200, so I guess that's good, right?  I'd come back if I was in the area, but I'd be more inclined, if it were daytime, to try something new in the area instead.
3	Only been once. Ordered the volcano nachos and split them with a girlfriend. plusses: HUUUUUGE nachos, with all the toppings you can imagine. Both of us ate it for dinner and couldn't finish it. It was really good though. Shredded AND liquid cheese?? mmm. Signature mixed drinks were tasty. minuses: they charge you if you want extra salsa (???), and it was INSANELY loud in there. i had to basically cuddle up next to my friend just to hear what she was saying, and even then I repeated the word "what??" about 892343 times. This probably makes me a crotchety old woman, but DAMN does it really need to be so loud that i can't enjoy a conversation??Would be good for a party-evening, but otherwise I probably won't go back.
3	service was sloooowwwww.. they would. not. stop. playing. jimmy. buffet. there was an annoying dude making balloon animals and walking on stilts -- seriously. the food was good, though..  a little bit on the priced too high side, but not so much that you feel violated.. mmm.. violated... it has been a while.
1	I think Margaritaville exists only to give others what a prelude of what Hell, if it indeed exists, would be like; consuming overpriced coconut shrimp and other seafood cliches while the same four or five songs are pumped through the sound system (with accompanying video, because nothing whets your appetite like seeing senile rock stars struggling through a live performance).The food looks and tastes like a Red Lobster menu with a makeover. It's the same garbage you've eaten at every other seafood restaurant ever, except this time the dishes have clever references to Jimmy Buffet songs in their name.What's the difference between the "Cheeseburger In Paradise" and a Whopper? Five bucks.Every drink contains sweet and sour mix. I swear to god, even my pina colada had a greenish tint to it. On busy nights they hire clowns and stilt walkers, who sing along to the songs and even add in their own words. Sometimes they walk to your table and shoot fake ketchup at you. At least you know why the food is overpriced, right?As if all these crimes against decency aren't enough, if you end up having to wait for a table you're encouraged to browse the gift shop, where for the cost of your dinner you can get a shirt depicting a parrot interpreting the lyrics of the very song you've been forced to listen to all night. Where's a White Castle when you need one?
3	The service was good.  The wings were tasty.  The crab cake sandwich was a huge disappointment.  I've had these 10x better at Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco.  We couldn't get a table inside, so thank god for the misters outside (felt like at least the mid 80's that evening).
3	I am not a fan of Jimmy Buffet by any means.  I think he and his parrot can go stuff themselves.  No, seriously.  Anyway, I found myself here one night with my cousin and his gf for dinner.  I had the Calypso Mahi Mahi, which was decent, but I turned out to be a fan of the island rice.  It was zesty and had some raisins in it.  Everything was just ok.
1	Service was terrible here. We told the hostess it was our first time here and she sat us outside, and it was cold that night and I had no jacket. There were people smoking at an outside bar that was making me ill. When I asked about the smoking they said that there was smoking on the outside patio, when asked to be moved I was told that it could be 45 minutes to an hour wait. So we stayed. Mu husband ordered the cuban sandwich and I had a burger. We also ordered drinks..I got the chambard margarita and he had a jack and coke. Food was expensive for what we got and the portions were very small. My drink was horrible and made me feel sick after I drank it, the husband says he swore they gave him crown and coke..and was weak as all hell. I was baffled that this is Margaritaville and they serve the drinks in plastic cups...WHY???? I was expecting a fun or fancy glass. I was sad.Not impressed at all with this place...and would not really want to go back, just don't see any reason to.
2	Way too much for lousy margaritas. Jimmy should take his name off this restaurant as it is an embarrassment compared to something like the Cabo Wabo Cantina. Now there's a very cool place with good food and drink.
3	OK so I've read the reviews and I can't disagree but on the other hand I have to tell readers to remember why you are coming to MARGARITAVILLE...It's an experience people...You're not coming here for a meal because there is no where else to go...You're coming here because it's what it is...Drinks are good...I've had betterFood is good...I've had betterMusic is awesome...It's Buffett man cmon he is the best in concert I've seen him like ten times so coming to his restaurant is totally fun. When I come to Margaritaville I'm not coming to have a dining experience I usually come to show friends a fun time...visit the gift shop and listen to great music and watch the TV's. That is what MARGARITAVILLE is all about. If you want more than that it is going to disappoint.If you want something really great though...The Nacho's will NOT disappoint they are yummy...
4	Maybe it was post-Tina Turner afterglow, maybe it was the amazing company of my best buddy and sister, maybe it was the tequila and the lime... After the concert, we were famished from watching Tina with all of her crazy energy, so we followed the crowds to Margaritaville. The decor is as far from sublte as you can imagine. There is fake sea gull poo. There was a live band and lots of Wast Valley folk getting down. There are plastic palm trees and two over-the-top levels of Caribbean "paradise."The reason I just have to give this place 4 stars despite all it's ridiculousness and awful kitsch, is that  our server was awesome- and for me, service absolutely makes or breaks an experience. He was incredibly cool and patient which is pretty amazing considering how flooded this place gets with patrons after shows. All I wanted in the world was a blue cheese burger & they don't offer one. So, I (annoyingly I'm sure) chose a random burger off the menu and substituted all the toppings to make exactly what I wanted and the server didn't even blink. When I got my burger (quickly too!) it was just how I had ordered it, PLUS cooked correctly AND even remembered that I wanted onion rings instead of french fries.  For that moment in time, I was a very happy Parrothead.I don't plan on making the trek out to Glendale to become a regular or anything, but it is definitely a place I would go in the future for a "Cheeseburger in Paradise" after a nearby event!
3	I'm not down with restaurants that are decorated as if someone took a ride on Disneyland's Jungle Boat Cruise and thought they were hit with interior design brilliance, i.e. Rain Forest Cafe, Islands....ya feel me?  To me, these restaurants have more of an appeal to kids and I'm supposed to be getting tanked there so I can tolerate the screaming rugrats? Ha.Well, this place wasn't overrun with kids watching their parents throw back shots of tequila and that was a plus.  So after the nice hostesses told us that we could seat ourselves at the bar, my friend and I planted ourselves at the one downstairs.  Our bartender was a friendly gal.  I asked for a drink menu which didn't have the most exciting concoctions, but I chose to order the Uptown Top Shelf margarita from her.My drink was pretty good, but what surprised me about this one was that I had expected the drink to come out of a gun.  Hot damn, she free-poured it right in front of my face!  Now, with a restaurant named Margaritaville, one, or at least I, would expect that there would be an impressive selection of tequila.  Not here.  I spied about 5 different brands and that was it.  That was really disappointing so much so that instead of doing shots of Patron, my friend & I opted to try something off of the shot menu called an Overseas High made with blue curacao.  Not bad for something fruity.My experience there was ok for a little pre-gaming to see the Coyotes.  Two of these stars go to the bartender's service and attitude.  The other star is for the drink prices.  Someone from L.A. can double their BAC level here.
3	Went for happy hour a few months ago.  My first time at Westgate.  Must visit again soon.  Very crowded.  I really liked the yacht table-tops.  Reminds me of a great seafood place in CT that had a real yacht floating on water inside the restaurant where a couple could actually dine in private!  I DID NOT like the clown on stilts wandering all over the place... very strange and so out of place (unless there's a Buffet song that mentions stilted clowns, then I suppose it would make more sense!).  Maybe it's just me... I DON'T LIKE  clowns- just like Carrie opined in Sex and the City, clowns give me the creeps!However, what do not give me the creeps are the $1 mini-cheeseburgers in paradise (sliders) and the wings!  The sliders were even charred, just like in Buffet's song.  Haha.  Still pretty tasty.  And I loved the margarita made with blue curacao... But maybe any drink would taste great to me if I hadn't had any in months??  Come to think of it, anything you like but haven't had in a long time would look/smell/sound/taste/feel great... "Absence makes the heart grow fonder," they say.  If it weren't for the clowns on stilts, I'd have gone back a second time.
4	Huge nachos, ok drinks, ok service, good crowd. I have never been disappointed while coming here.
3	I hate Jimmy Buffett music.  Why do I even come here?  I went here once out of curiosity, and then the other 4 or 5 (yes really, that many) times I have been because that's where everyone else already was and we got invited.  Let me remind you, I hate Jimmy Buffett music.  It's so annoying!Aside from the fact that I am inundated with music that I can't stand, and usually it's the same three songs over and over, the food here is not bad.  I usually get the coconut shrimp because they are always crispy and they actually taste like there is some coconut on them, unlike most places that like to overcharge you for "coconut" shrimp.  It also comes with a really yummy marmalade dipping sauce.  I actually love their peel and eat shrimp though.  I think they are boiled in beer or something, and they come in a big giant clam dish filled with ice.  Kind of weird, but it makes me laugh.  The shrimp themselves are really yummy, tasting exactly like peel and eat shrimp should.  The cocktail sauce they serve with it is a really nice pairing to the shrimp.  It's moderately spicy so it doesn't kill my tastebuds before I am finished eating.The service here is usually lacking.  Well, I take that back, it's always lacking.  You have to track someone down to get refills.  Aside from that, I have never found any of my servers to be particularly personable there.  Maybe it's because they hate Jimmy Buffett music too and they are miserable because they work there.  Or maybe they are just sick of dodging that stupid person on stilts who makes balloon thingies.  I hate that person.Considering there isn't a whole lot to do in Westgate, Margaritaville isn't a bad option.  It gets crowded really easily though, so put your name in early or come on a non weekend night.  This place is just okay, but the tourist factor appeals to a lot of people.
2	If you like Pina Coladas, and getting caught in the rain ... if you're not into yoga, and you have half a brain ....  DO NOT COME TO THIS PLACEIf you are a middle aged individual who wants to hit the dance floor and show off your tired dance moves to Beyonce and Chris Brown on a Saturday night while paying $11.50 for a vodka redbull, then this is the place for you!I love Jimmy Buffet and I love the Margaritaville in Vegas, but this place somehow derailed miserably.
1	Let me tell you what a disappointment this was. First of all after the 1hr 30 min wait to be seated we finally get a table. I was with one other person and you would think we were invisible. Well apparently our sever thought so. In any case after waiting another 30 minutes to be recognised we finally placed our drink order. Big mistake because I should have known it would never show up. I finally saw our waiter I just told her forget the drinks because she had apparently forgot them. I ordered the crab cakes. They eventually showed up with the food and it looked delicious. Looks can be deceiving. The crab tasted like it had been caught a year ago and they let it ferment next to a dumpster in Arizona's 115 degree heat. Let me just tell you that I expected so much more. I am such a fan of Buffet but if this is the food and service he is serving up to people he needs to stick with the Music
4	The service received on my visit was excellent!  The restaurant was not too busy on this Tuesday evening, so we were seated right away.  The Cheeseburger in Paradise was good, not the best burger I have ever had, but quite tasty nonetheless.  My wife got the fish tacos and she seemed to like them, although they were really packed and I suspect we got more leftovers than we planned on!The nachos are suitable for a party of 6.  Do not order the nachos appetizer if you are a party of 2 as my wife and I were.  They are literally a mountain of chips.  Much more than two people need!!!Enjoy this place, it seems like a nice hangout.  : )
3	Food is good. Atmosphere is good. Service is poor. It could be the location, but the wait time is ridiculous.
3	If you go in for theme restaurants,this one is tops. A neat place to take people--if you can,ask to sit inside one of the boats!  Kids love this place.But be forewarned-if you are having a nice lunch or dinner in one of the 'boats',you may get some uninvited company in the form of rambunctious children who don't belong to you wanting to play on it(We did!!) -but that's more about the parents of said children.This is definitely a fun place-nice bar,and a store attached when you are done eating or waiting to do so. Overall, I think the drinks are good,the food is fine,-it's good,just not great. The nachos are huge,as in tall. I've had better food-it's a bit more hype than substance in some ways. The wait staff seems to be very friendly.
3	um... so basically similar review to Westgate City Center review:old people place? lol sorry everyone, but if its not rocking out some recent rock or hip hop.... its older people place.  Not sure what to expect since I'm coming from LA, I guess not as bad of a review unless I lived in Vegas uh? hahaMusic: LIVE BAND! Always awesome if its live.  And they have a little hip hop/main stream music near the end of the night, when the band takes a break?Parking: Plenty, just gotta find which parking section is near entrance walk way toward Margaritaville.  If you see hell's then its the right area.Atmosphere: Crowd is older than 30+, so no messed up rowdy annoying high schoolers or college crowds around?  Respectful & fun still, its what you make of it right?  Genuinely nice people.Still a place to check out though.  And if you're a tourist, probably a good place to still check out since theres alot of restaurants & such.  So thinking this place's age crowd ranges from 30+?  Food? Didn't try & wouldn't expect anyone to come here for food, its a bar/night life type of place.... or was that only Vegas?
2	My friend and I were looking forward to going here after having a fun experience at the one in Vegas. This location really didn't live up. It just didn't have the same party-like atmosphere: the music was barely audible, no life-size blender, and very mediocre food (some canned papaya chunks and bland vinaigrette do not constitute a Caribbean salad, in my opinion). Maybe we got there too eariy (around 8ish) for the live entertainment, which might have made a huge difference.
3	Great Atmosphere, Average FoodIt was a beautiful Sunday night, not too hot or too cool, so my boyfriend and I thought we'd try out Margaritaville.  We sat outside which created a relaxed and pleasant atmosphere.  The music was catchy, the nearby fountain was relaxing, and the architecture was unique.  The food however was only okay.  As a main course I had chicken and broccoli pasta, while my partner had teriyaki steak.  I enjoyed my entree , but it's somewhat hard to mess up chicken pasta.  The chicken was slightly dry, but the garlic sauce helped that some.My boyfriend didn't like his steak at all.  He thought the taste was too strong, and when I tasted the meat I thought it was kind of limp/rubbery.  It came with mash potatoes, and while they looked real, they tasted like instants.  The boy and I are buffalo wing fans, but the ones we had as an appetizer were only okay.  They didn't offer a boneless option, and that meant that the wings were short on actual meat.  We weren't offered a choice of dressing, so we ended up with ranch even though buffalo wings are known for being served with blue cheese.We did however have great drinks.  I had a strawberry margarita that was well-mixed.  My boyfriend tried the Big Rita and liked it a lot.  We especially like that they let you take home the cup as a souvenir.The service was a little slow but not too bad.  Our server was friendly and polite.  At the end of the meal we were surprised to see a bill of over $70--which stretched to around $80 once we added the tip.  I don't mind paying that much for a good meal, but we had thought our food was only average.  In the end we decided not to return to Margaritaville because it was a lot of money for food that was only okay.
1	I have no idea why so many people go to this place.  Everything's so expensive, they never have any great deals and the food is mediocre at best.  My friend and I had 1 plate of nachos (appetizer) and 3 beers and the total came out to 30 dollars.  On top of this, the gratuity was added and the waitress didn't say anything so we accidentally tipped her more on top so we paid almost 50 dollars!  She could've let us know if she wasn't so greedy..  I tried to complain on the website but the only thing you can do is give them information to set up a party.  What a rackett!
3	Food was ok but a bit on the expensive side... Would try just once
2	On an arid Arizona day, nothing sounds more refreshing than an icy margarita. You may be lured in with the tropical atmosphere. You may succumb to the charming (yet repetitive music). The decor is the best to offer.Let me spare you the disappointment and say don't eat here for lunch or dinner. Just about everything you can order here makes it taste like the poor man's red lobster, and is even more expensive. Get the bang for your buck and avoid ordering anything but the generous portion of nachos (only above average dish as far as taste and value), and the perfect margarita (only drink guaranteed to NOT be short-poured).If you visit Westgate on a Saturday night, you may be tempted to visit again. They book some live bands who do some pretty good covers. Speaking of covers, there isn't one to get in!Don't worry, you'll pay handsomely for that at the bar. Six dollars for a 20 oz. Coors Light? Jolly rancher shots that are 50% cranberry juice? All from bartenders who spend more time tossing around bottles of bottom-shelf swill than actually learning how to make a drink. If you're already a bit buzzed, and want some good live music with a nice crowd, this will be an ok way to end your Saturday night. Unless you talk to security...they're jerks.1/5 as a restaurant, 3/5 as a bar/club.
2	I enjoy Jimmy Buffett's music. It always puts me in a good mood and makes me wish I was on vacation. So, since I was on vacation and in a good mood, I figure what better way to embrace that Buffett feeling than to give Margaritaville a try. Never having been here, I went in with relatively high hopes... at least for a good margarita. Unfortunately, that wasn't the case. I had the pomegranate margarita -- on the rocks -- and it was really nothing special. For $7.75, I expected much more drink with much more alcohol. And, then there was the food. Honestly, I've had better fare at Chili's or TGI Fridays. I had the lunch special of 1/2 a Cuban sandwich and house salad.  When our food came out, I looked at my sandwich, and thought, "Is this it?" It was one heck of a tiny 1/2 sandwich. And, the salad -- well, it reminded me of a hospital cafeteria's pre-made salad -- dry lettuce, uber-dry flakes of carrots and some bite-size pieces of re-hydrated cucumbers. Plus, the amount of dressing the gave me just barely made eating the salad bearable. The "atmosphere" was okay. I expected it to be beachy and laid-back, but it was a bit too kitschy for me.  It reminded me of a place you'd visit at a theme park. But, hey, maybe that is Buffet's dream... create a theme park called Buffetland, where people can fish for parrots while drinking margaritas.My final complaint is the service. It was descent at first. The waitress was nice enough and attentive enough. However, when we were ready for our check, it took forrrrrever for her to bring it to us.  She had told us as she took our plates that she'd be right back with the check.  Well, as I watched her go to another table, then to the register (thinking she was processing our bill), then into the kitchen, back to the other table, then back to the register (thinking she was processing our bill THIS time), then to another table, she finally came past ours. Before she could rush away, I loudly said we needed the check because we were in a hurry. She nodded and FINALLY got us our check. I'll give the waitress the benefit of the doubt, and chalk it up to a perfect storm of me being anxious about being late for an appointment and annoyed that she was taking so long, and her having bad timing or being busy.  Nevertheless, that wasn't the only disappointment I had with Margaritaville.  The food was blah, the prices were too high for the low quality food, and the atmosphere and decor of the place was rather cheesy.  Unfortunately, THAT imperfect storm of qualities makes it likely that I won't be visiting this place again.
2	Blech. Had to work at U of Phoenix Stadium today and Mom came down from Payson to meet me for lunch after.  I don't know Westgate at ALL except for the hockey arena.  It's in an outdoor mall, like everything else.  We were starving and the entire mall was DEAD.  It looked like places were closed, so we went to Margaritaville for lunch.Main entrance isn't clearly marked and we went in through the patio area.  Walked in and didn't see a reception area.  So, we asked the nearest waitress if we were to seat ourselves.  She said in her best airline stewardess voice "Ovah they-ah is where you check-in."  It was fake and annoying.  So, we go check in.  15 minute-wait for 2 people.  The place was crowded, but we had passed a few empty tables along the way.  My mom even pointed it out.  "Our kitchen is pretty backed-up, so we can't seat all tables right now."  Keep in mind this was at 12:30 on a Saturday afternoon.  Wouldn't this be the time to make sure you know to have enough kitchen staff on hand???We meandered to the bar, which was empty except for 2 people.  We sat at the corner and, luckily, found out we could eat there.  The bartender was the first friendly person we came across, and I'm glad SHE got a tip from us.  Service was quick.  Our food came out within 10 minutes.  Mom got the chicken quesadilla, I got the taco salad.  I couldn't believe how FEW items were on the menu.  I was expecting a bit more.  Food was average.  Nothing I'd ever go back for.They kept showing videos of Jimmy Buffet and the people at his concert.  They were having WAY more fun than we were.  NOBODY shouted out "Where's the salt?  Where's the goddamn salt?"  I would have, but my Mom's been suffering from almost 40 years of embarrassment from me already.Blech.
3	ok, love the atmosphere. it's very cool with a beach theme, planes hanging from the ceiling, and jimmy buffet music playing all day. however, i feel the menu is overpriced for the amount of food you get. the food is good, but the price just kills it. i now believe margaritaville is on restaurant.com which would save a bunch of money. i've never had anything alcoholic here so i don't know about their happy hour. i may stop in for a drink here and there, but doubt i'd get another meal. i really liked the food but am not spending the kind of money they want.
3	Been here a couple times so far. I go for the atmosphere more that anything else. The food is OK at best and the prices are higher than I like. The nachos are awesome though. One o the few things on the menu that's reasonably priced and is very good. I do not get anything else. Great to share or eat alone.
2	While I was content with the food (I had the portabella mushroom sandwich) and the atmosphere I was severely disappointed when my bill came.  Oddly enough, I wasn't upset by the total (which was high for lunch) but by the fact that an 18% gratuity was added to my bill (bringing the total for lunch to over $100) without my consent.  I understand a servers need to do this with large groups, but we had seven people, five of whom were children and ordered off the children's menu.  I do not think that we demanded enough of the servers time to justify this addition.  Needless to say I will not be returning again.
1	The decor was nice, the hostess was pleasant and that was the only good thing. My husband and I went there 4 dinner but the server never came back to take the dinner order. He got our drinks asked if we like start w/ an appetizer so we did. The runner brought the food and we never saw the server again... $30 for 2 drinks and an appetizer total waste of money. I got the feeling the guy just didn't like the idea of having to serve ppl...don't waste your money
1	If you like food poisoning from conch fritters, than this is 100% the place for you.This is dedicated to Jessica, who has a slower metabolism than I do and thought I was just drunk but spent the entire next day barfing her brains out while I puked it all out starting at 3 am - 3 pm the next day.
3	I've been in a couple of times now, my mom is a HUGE Jimmy Buffett fan so she enjoys the environment.  We all agree the food is a bit over priced but if you're a fan of him you know most of his stuff is.  You're with out a doubt paying for that name and atmosphere.The best bet for us and I think price wise is enjoy the app menu, there is some great stuff on that menu and you can try different things.  We LOVE the nachos and there is plenty to share!  Drinks are light on the booze heavy on the price but that's pretty normal for Westgate I find.
4	I'm surprised this place go such bad reviews. I had a great experience here, but I was also visiting during a weekday. On a Thursday afternoon, this place is pretty much all yours. We sat outside by the huge WestGate fountains, which is always entertaining to watch on a sunny afternoon.The staff was friendly, the restaurant was pretty awesome (of course) and the food was great! I had the Cuban Sandwich and it was probably one of the best ones I've had. Though it is a little pricey, the portions are huge! So expect to get filled up.
2	Ok...  I'm a Die Hard Jimmy Buffett Fan - a Parrot Head through and through!But...  This place sucked.  I've been to half a dozen different Margaritaville Restaurants and I knew what to expect, but this one by far failed to meet my minimal expectations.The service is slooooow, food is canned and poor quality, drinks are weak and expensive.  The only upshot was all of the Jimmy Buffett paraphernalia and music, and I've already got a lot of that stuff.The next time I'm itching to get my island groove on, I'll do it right.  We'll grill chicken and burgers in the back yard, put the booze in the blender, light the Tiki torches, invite 20 or 30 people over and jam to Jimmy.  More fun to set sail to St. Somewhere in your own back yard than it is to have to endure the Glendale Margaritaville.FINS UP!
2	I've been to Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville elsewhere like in Grand Cayman and Cozumel and sadly this is the ugly cousin twice removed that exists only by name but not actuality. went here on a friday night and was surprised to be wristbanded as tho it was a club but it wasn't. they had a tired dj and it was dimly lit. well my friends and I got ourselves a table coz our intention of goin to Margaritaville was to have dinner, after the Chocolate Affaire. The menu was nothing special and really ordinary and prior to my visit to the awful excuse as a Margaritaville franchise the only things i've had are the margaritas and nachos. Anywho, ordered a bbq bacon cheeseburger asked it to be cooked medium, my friends ordered the chicken volcano nachos. The burger was alright, it wasn't that great and it was cooked well so a star was subtracted at first bite, the bun was a typical fast food burger bun, so another star, and the chicken volcano nachos though was a heaping serving of cheese chicken jalapenos pico and guac/sour cream it wasn't that good. so another star subtracted. i will not return and my overall experience left me disappointed. you fail margaritaville westgate that you actually don't deserve the name.
2	We decided on Margaritaville since the Yardhouse was a 45 minute wait and we were heading to the hockey game on Valentines Day. There was not a wait at Margaritaville, no longer wondering why. The service was terrible and the food quality is very poor. We probably would have spent less and had better service and received the same quality food as Burger King. The food clearly tastes like it came off the Sysco truck and was merely heated up in their kitchen. We also waited 40 minutes for our food and had to flag down a manager just to get our check. Ordered 2 iced teas for $6??? Boring food and boring service, will not return unfortunately.
2	High priced ordinary food and drinks that aims to trap tourists and unsuspecting folks from other parts of the valley coming to a game at one of the stadiums.  Service is painfully slow.  Loud as hell in here too.  Food is average to below average, basic bar fare.
1	Very disappointing! My boyfriend and I are from Austin, Texas and we were so excited to visit Jimmy Buffets Margaitaville only to be greeted with horrible customer service. The hostesses told us we can seat ourselves outside which is understandable, but we sat there for 10 minutes without being greeted by a waiter and it wasn't even busy. I told the hostess we havent been waited on and told her where we were sitting and she looked confused and said okay. 20 minutes later we got up and told them we would go eat somewhere else and the hostesses that were his standing there said okay in a sarcastic way. I was so dissapointed because we even had our food picked out because we looked at the menu online and wanted to visit the gift shop to buy some Jimmy Buffet souveniers. We worked retail and understand the wait and how customer service works but this was absolutely a horrible experience! Sad to say that considering we are Jimmy Buffet fans.
3	it's been about two weeks since I went to this place and now I can do my review.  I think when it comes to celebrity type food joints that people are so excited that it's a famous persons restaurant that inside they are hoping so bad for the food to be good.  I know I've done this when going to Hard Rock Cafe and Planet Hollywood. Both places are cool to look at and walk around in, but their food flat out sucks and is not a big deal.Well I wouldn't say that completely about JBMs.  First off, visually this place is pretty incredible.  Ive walked by the location in Vegas a dozen times and have always wanted to go in, but never did.  Finally after seeing a movie we decided to eat here.  The feel of this place definitely puts you in a resort on the Bahamas.  We sat in a boat that was converted to a dining area (at least it seemed that way) and I don't remember the waiters name, but he was straight from Jersey or NY.  Very cool guy and answered anything and everything for us in regards of what to order.  Some how he talked us into ordering Sea Snails..  Those were some tasty snails!We all ordered different things and me being a simple person occasionally, I got a mushroom burger.  Even though ive always been disappointed in mushroom burgers, I guess I hoped this would be the one time it blew me away.  It wasn't.  it was just a mushroom burger.  Don't get me wrong, I dont hate them, they just dont wow me over like a good bacon cheese burger can do sometimes.Loved their iced tea and we even got chips & salsa to tide us over til the food came in.Very cool place and I would definitely go back again and try something else.  Service was rockin and it's definitely a place to bring the kids and family.
3	If I could, I would give this place 3.5 stars. Came here on a weekday a little before noon and justified having a margarita at this time by humming "it's five o'clock somewhere". Yeah, I was really getting into this place and really enjoyed my time here. I agree, it is a tourist trap. The food was pretty pricey and there were no drink specials. But I ordered the nachos since I saw other yelpers suggest it and stared in awe of the interesting decorations and the TV playing Jimmy Buffet. The nachos were huge and my mango margarita was delish! Eating here was definitely an experience and I was happy to finally see Margaritaville, BUT I don't think I would come here again and again unless they dropped their prices.
5	I love this bar! the food here is good and the drinks are great! this is a great place for day time drinks in the heat. It just has a great vibe that really makes you wanna get your drink on!
2	Disappointed with the food and the service. The theme and the ambiance is old and worn out.
4	Its great.
2	The service here was very slow. The food was just okay. It's a far cry from my mid-90s experience at Margaritaville in Key West. The bright spot was one fab server who gave us all kinds of tips on things to do. She was not our server, unfortunately. The prices were just a bit high for the offerings. Maybe if the service had been better I would have forgiven the prices.
5	The best way I can describe our visit with Margaritaville is genuine. Everyone, from the hostesses to our server to even the stiltwalker guy, were very genuinely happy to have us there, genuinely happy to be working there, and the food was genuinely great!We came last night with the 10yr old to celebrate his first week of school and we had a great visit! Hubby and I shared the Cheeseburger in Paradise and it was AWESOME. The fries were crisp and well seasoned. The burger was perfectly cooked and delicious. Son had the fish tacos and they were amazing. The side dishes were even well thought out and delicious. I had a side salad with our meal and it was cold, fresh, crisp and not some pre-packaged slop on a plate. We also had a slice of cheesecake and a slice of key lime pie for dessert. Food was EXCELLENT.  I had the wildberry margarita and it was AWESOME. My hubby had a rum and coke and said it was perfectly balanced. Our server, Jimmy, was polite, friendly, and very professional. Our drinks were never empty and he was never intrusive. Our food was served at the right temps and never seemed to have sat around under heat lamps. I hate when that happens. The stiltwalking balloon guy was just super. He was friendly, kind, and genuinely glad to have us visit his place. In fact, we remarked that he looked just like the Jolly Mon from Jimmy Buffett's childrens book of the same name and he thought that was awesome. :) He made the most amazing Spiderman balloon creature that we've ever seen. Son has been raving about this visit for the last 12 hours and made a point to tell me to be sure to YELP this place as soon as possible.it's not often that I can say that I look forward to my next visit at a restaurant, but I am truly and genuinely looking forward to our next visit to Margaritaville.
5	There are a lot of reviews about this place that do not really sum it up.  Look, awesome fine dining, it is not, but it is a fun time for family and foodies.  Just go in, have a fun time and enjoy the menu and the bar.I went here recently with my family and we were treated well and enjoyed the entertainment that they had as well.  This is a repeat place for us for sure!We had the Cheeseburger In Paradise and it was tasty!
2	The food... eh. Its okay. When we walked in we wanted to watch the sports game and they were not busy. So we asked the hostess if we could sit "in the boat" she kindly accommodated us. Since we are from Vegas we are accustomed to tipping someone if they do a great job or arrange for special accommodations. The hostess said she would get in trouble if she accepted out tip. WHAT?!?!?! Now as for our food server... he could have cared less about what we wanted and if we were even there. It seemed like we were such an inconvenience. We asked for bar drinks. Seemed like we asked him to go SO far to get the drinks. We wanted to share some appetizers before our entrees. He seemed like it was such a chore. When he checked back on his it was so fake I wanted to throw up! We were so disgusted with the service of our meal. We just left. We completely forgot to stop by the gift shop / retail store! From now on if I want to get wasted away again in Margaritaville, I will fight the traffic and eat at the one on the Las Vegas strip. Where we know how to give proper service!
2	Well let's just say very contrived, very predictable and very boring. The style of food is well very canned. The atmosphere is very soccer mom oriented or married man trying to say he still likes his party life while wishing someone would slowly bash his skull in so that he could feel a moment of life before dying.
2	This makes me sad. I'm such a Parrot-head and saying anything negative towards Buffett just makes me want to shed a small tear. Unfortunately I'm rating Margaritaville and not Jimmy, though so here we go. The atmosphere is fun- the decorations cute and it's a very large restaurant. It also has a very overpriced gift shop out front. They also have people in stilts walking around making balloon figurines, which made me feel a little awkward. Also the servers just aren't ever very friendly. This last trip, we had empty drinks, stacked plates, waited forever for our check all while 5 employees, manager included were standing right behind us chatting and watching football. Customer service is not a priority here folks. I've been here about 5 times and never have I really enjoyed it. This last trip will however, be my last. I'm done trying to wait for it to get better.We didn't have to wait as long as usual, which is rare. There usually is a long wait time, but we generally come before some event so Westgate is packed anyhow. We were sat in some weird corner booth upstairs and were facing a corner wall and it was hot as all hell. We asked to move and one would have thought we asked for a million dollars, but our waitress finally agreed. Once we could breathe at our new table, she finally got our drink order and it took forever to get them. My glass of wine was the smallest glass of wine in the world. It was about the size of a shot. I also ordered a soda and it sat empty the entire dinner experience. Our salads and food came out together- after about 50 minutes. The table was really crammed since it all arrived together. I didn't particularly want my salad after that long and didn't eat it because the entree seemed more appealing by this point. The food was OKAY. That's the only reason for the second star. I had mac and cheese and the husband the "Cheeseburger in Paradise". He had wanted the "cold draft beer" to go with it- but they have NO draft beer. They did have Heinz 57, which was at least fun. The prices here are extremely high. WAY too overpriced. Almost 60 bucks for mediocre food, small drinks, rude service and an overall lackluster experience. Sorry Jimmy! We won't be back, but will look forward to seeing you in concert if you ever come back to AZ again. It's been a while!
3	With so much going on at Westgate it can be hard to choose a place to eat. We have stopped in at Margaritaville a few times to fill our tummies with food before hitting the bars & the drinks start flowing. We came in last Saturday and luckily it wasn't a game night because it can be quite crazy if it is. The food is a little pricy but it's always good. We shared the fried chicken dinner & it was delicious. It came with mashed potatoes and green beans, all of which was great. Our server was SLOW, we were ready to get the rest of the night started but had to wait 20 mins for our waiter to re-appear and then bring us our check. We both commented on how many people could just walk out without paying. Needless to say, the music inside was good, the food was good, and all in all it was another great dinner & an awesome start to our night!
2	Before coming in to dine here we all read the Yelp reviews which show 2.5 stars over 76 reviews and went in anyway ?@#^&%@$  They were all correct... Over priced for marginal quality with slow service. We decided to go for the experience and to say we had eaten at Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville. Maybe the best plan if you wanted to "experience it" is to go for drinks and possibly appetizers, listen to some music and then go across the walkway to Yard House to eat.If you were wasted in Margaritaville the bad food and high prices would not bother you. ... so who knows.. maybe that IS the marketing plan! No one was happy with their order, it was slow and not really very appealing.... that being said.. we won't ever be back.  The music was fun we saw some AZ Cardinals eating there but the food not so much! Won't be back.
3	Have always wanted to visit Margaritaville, and when my girls bought me a golf bag from here for my b-day! (See Picture) I had to come here now. Well, wife and I was at the movie theater seeing the 25th anniversary of Phantom of the Opera! (had to mentioned the play) So we had dinner before the 7:30 showing. Since we were there on a Wednesday, place was empty. We were seated near the center by the stage, Don't know why they wouldn't have seated us at a better location. Any who, John was our server. He asked for our drink order, I ordered a diet coke, arnold palmer, and a strawberry margarita. You can't really go wrong on drinks, but the wife wasn't that impressed with the margarita? We started off with the Volcano Nachos, now when John came back with the drinks. We then proceeded to order our dinner. Now if you see the picture I posted of the nachos, you will realize how stupid it was for us to order our dinner. We did not know how large their nachos were! And would have been nice if John would have told us! I guess he assumed since wife and I have some love handles, that we could have taken care of the nachos and dinner. First! The nachos were very good, had black beans, chicken, green onions, some kind of enchilada sauce! But this beast could have feed at least five people!! Now we asked John to put our dinner in a to go box instead and ended up eating it the next day! We had their fried chicken, with mashed potatoes, green beans. It was very good reheated. Just wondered how good it would have been from the grill? Overall we really liked this place, and would have had a four-star rating. But JOHN! put a smile on your face! And don't be afraid to mention, are you sure you want to order more, since your nachos can feed a whole family!
5	Another great visit to Margaritaville last night! We went with a party of 7 and sat out on the patio. Fortunately, we got there before the Coyotes game got out because the place was a ZOO after the game let out but that didn't stop our server, Jason, for continuing to provide us with EXCELLENT service. Our drinks were kept full, our food was delivered hot, and he was friendly and fun.  Several of us enjoyed the Cheeseburger in Paradise, while one friend had the Seafood Mac and Cheese which was delish. Another friend shared the fish tacos which are super fresh and perfectly grilled. We all shared the Volcano Nachos which are HUGE. I don't know if they are $15.00 worth of huge, but they were big, hot, fresh, and yummy.  We had the Chocolate Hurricane which was by far the best dessert there and I've tried them all. (and no I'm not ashamed of that either. :P ) We had a great time and are looking forward to our next visit back!
2	I have to say that I was much more excited about this place BEFORE I went to it. It isn't a bad bar, per se- but definitely did not live up to the hype. and the drinks are more pricey than they should be for the flavor.  If I can make a better margarita than a place called "Margaritaville", well- then I will save myself the money and make them at home.  However- when they do the live music on the weekends- it is a great time.
1	Go for the drinks, not the food. The food is dreadful.
4	Great food, great service...lots of fun.  The entertainment for the night was a little strange, but amusing.  They did raffle drawings and it was just a fun environment.  The drinks were very good too!
3	Margaritaville is Margaritaville ....  It's obviously a chain and there are several all over the country but I don't think people go for the 5-star food options.  It's a chill place where you listen to Jimmy Buffet with amazing frozen drinks and a pretty guaranteed fun time.  It's over-priced for everything but it's because you're there for the experience more than anything.  It's one of those places you go for the atmosphere and take out-of-towners, definitely not an every weekend place.
1	One word NASTY!
2	Rather than detail each item served lets just say they had a bad day as the service was slow and not very friendly or accurate with our orders and what was served was very poor at best. I might try again as I know they can do better from others I have been to. Everyone has a bad day once in a while. Sorry!
1	We ordered boneless wings, but their boneless wings are actually boneless chicken tenders/strips unless they messed up on the order. They wouldn't allow me to order more than one alcoholic drink at a time, so I couldn't buy a round of shots for my friends. I ordered the mushroom burger and got a bacon and cheese burger; however, they didn't charge me for the burger, but then again it wasn't what I wanted. Food was ok. Overall service good, but their policies and food deliver was less than appealing.
1	Was convinced to go here yesterday with my daughter's club volleyball team, even though I knew better.  Service was so slow, no refills on drinks, food was poor quality and taste.  NOT a good experience or meal.
3	Visiting the Phoenix area and had to stop.  Had been to other locations, was not impressed before except for the original Key West location.  Expected a place with Buffett memorabilia, fruity drinks and menu items with trendy names.  Well, we got all of that along with some good food and very good service.  Portions generous, good value for the price.  Overall, fun experience and better than expected.  Probably not as good if you are not a Buffett fan.
4	Margaritaville is what it is, a place to have fun and have some drinks. If you take it for more than that, you'll be disappointed. When I've gone to any Margaritvaville, it's for some drinks and some appetizers.Prior to the hockey game, my friends and I stopped in for a drink or two. We also ordered the big stack of nachos with all the toppings. The nachos were great and hit the spot.  We probably could have devoured another order.I ordered a hurricane. The drink was good, but hardly as good as the hurricanes I've had in the past here. Service was very good.
1	This review will strictly be about the dish I ordered and nothing else. What dish was so terrible as to warrant a single-star rating, you ask? The Appetizer Trio. Yes I know, it's only an appetizer dish, not a real entree. But generally, these appetizer sampler plates offer some pretty tasty food for a modest price and can be a legitimate meal on its own. But the Appetizer Trio at Margaritaville is abysmal and a disgrace to all appetizer platters everywhere.It comes with 3 things: chips with a mushroom cheese dip, lava lava shrimp, and 2 egg rolls. But the portions are all out of whack. There's less than a handful of shrimp, the egg rolls are finished off in 4 bites, and the plate is overflowing with chips and the worst dip of all time. $15 for essentially a plate of chips and a couple random items on the side. Totally not worth it.The dip was terrible. It didn't even taste like cheese or mushroom. Extremely bland and zero flavor. All it did was add a pasty texture to the crunch of the chips.Lava lava shrimp was actually okay, but there was so little. They came served in this cup that was half filled with lettuce where there should've been more shrimp. Blasphemous.And the egg rolls were decent too. Those came with a chipotle thousand island dip that was rather thick and heavy but very flavorful.But the shrimp and egg rolls are eaten so fast and you're left with a mass plate of chips and really bad dip. Leaves you yearning for more and quite unsatisfied.Margaritaville seems like a really fun place to hang out and Westgate is pretty poppin on the right nights. But this appetizer dish was just so astronomically horrible. Shame on you, Margaritaville.
3	This place can be so hit and miss with me. Dinner is alright, a little expensive for what you get as far as taste goes but overall it's not that bad. I usually stick to ordering drinks which makes up for almost everything else. However, I find that even though the bartenders are nice they seem to take a really long time - even when they're not that busy! It's not like this place is my favorite, but compared to the other choices in Westgate I'm more likely to go here.
5	LOVE LOVE JIMMY BUFFET'S. Went crazy on those margaritas..mmmmm, yummy!
2	We had a great waitress named Vida Lopez and a great experience.   She was friendly and great with the kids.  Margaritaville is not too shabby.  If you haven't been, you should go at least once.  Decent food, a little spendy, but worth going to Westgate if you are visiting from out of town or need to entertain some out of town guests.  Order the volcano nachos and you won't leave hungry.  When there - ask for the waitress Vida!UPDATE:  11/5/12 - We had to downgrade this place.  (We had it at four stars)  It seems the food is getting worse and worse and smaller and smaller.  Where the volcano nachos used ot be great, now seem to have less stuf on them.  Our sone ordered chicken and fries.  What used to be nice chicken strips, turned into some dark brown almost burnt chicken balls with a few french fries.   As a family we all agreed this would be out last visit to Margaritaville. We have been here at least a dozen times with each time having the slip 10%.   Next time we are at Westgate we will go to Gordon Birsch or Yard House.
3	Seems small compared to the Vegas location, but has the usual parrothead vibe.
1	Excited to re-visit Margaritaville in Glendale since we hadn't been back since last year.  Obviously we ordered the wrong thing....from reading reviews looks like everyone should just order the Nachos and call it good.Well, we decided to branch out as it was my hubby's birthday and we were there for dinner, apps, drinks, the hole nine yards.Well, after getting a couple of drinks and the Spinach and Artichoke Appetizer we decided to move on to another restaurant for dinner.  The appetizer was $10.95, which we figured would be pretty good sized.  Wrong!  We got about a half cup of warm spinach in a cream sauce, could not detect any artichokes and the dish was only half full....oh, but we did get an over abundance of chips....enough for oh, let me see, a full dish of dip!  Something was really wrong.  Would have mentioned this to someone but no one ever came back and asked until we were done and ready to leave.But, it was a birthday, and my parrothead had been promised a trip to the gift shop so off we went after paying almost $30 for 2 drinks and a half an appetizer.  Only to discover the stock in the store was very low.  Everything we wanted was in someone else's size!  Asking the clerk about that we were informed that the store was using a different warehouse and that they expected a large order any day now.  Oh well, I'll just order him something online.Probably won't go back.  So disappointed as last year we had a great time there at least twice and now the prices are higher, the menu smaller and the service  was just the essentials....nothing over and above.
1	We ate here before going to see the Sharks/Coyotes game in March. It was busy- most likely because of the biker rally and the hockey game- but we were seated in a reasonable amount of time. I ordered a chicken ceasar salad which was very boring and run of the mill. I actually didn't eat the chicken at all just because there wasn't any flavoring on it and it was cold chicken. Perhaps if it was warm it would have been palatable. About halfway through the meal I started to feel incredibly sick and started to get a headache. I realized once we were done that a lightbulb high on the ceiling right above our table was flickering and it made me sick. I did not bring my migraine medication with me to dinner and was forced to sit through a hockey game with a terrible upset stomach and migraine. Needless to say it pretty much ruined the game. I would hope that the management would take better care of the building.
2	When the server tells you order your food now or because I might not be back in an hour you know you are in trouble.  With that encouragement we had a couple of apps, greasy hummus and volcano wings that I think we more like smoldering hill wings.  Except for the Land Shark there is no reason to go back.
5	I didn't go to Margaritaville for the food, I went because I am a huge parrothead!  I love the atmosphere, and we met some friends for drinks.  I'd go back because I love the atmosphere... the food is average at best.  However, the waitstaff is always great.
1	Got our waters.....waited for 15 minutes for our waitress named miss eve or eva supposively the best according to the hostess and we had.to leave never came back on a non busy night. First and last time here.... Oh well
2	Alot of parking and easy access in the afternoon.Service was good and staff all very friendly to make the experience better.Food quality was medium nothing to Yelp about. Looked better than it tasted. Had jerk chicken that was just broiled chicken breasts and a light carribean dipping sauce (whatever). Doors were open and the animal kingdom came in. Birds flying around and pesky flies and knats NASTY!Drinks tasty and presented well. Overall mediocre event . Probably won't do it again as there's lots of options here.
4	The only appetizer worth getting is the volcano nachos which are excellent and huge!!  All the other appetizers are just ok.  The fajitas are decent as is the club sandwich and quesadilla, but by far the best thing on the menu is the cheeseburger in paradise!!  Drinks are pricey but good.  The atmosphere is fun as long as you are not in a hurry because they run on island time!  They are not in a rush-so if you have time to sit back an relax and enjoy the company or a game on Tv, then this is an excellent choice for a cute and fun little area in West Gate.
4	You're certainly paying for the experience at Margarittaville.  The drinks are decent (and more reasonably priced than the food) and the food is good (but much to expensive for what you get).   The atmosphere is great though, especially if you like classic rock.   Even when the restaraunt is super busy, I find it pretty relaxing.   I've always had good service, the kind you can expect from a more expensive restaraunt.  I'm not sure if I've just been lucky or not considering some of the other reviews, but I've never had the bad service experiences other yelpers talk about.   Be sure to save up if you plan to go because realistically you're looking at $20-$30 per person, more if you plan on getting some drinks.   Still, if you like the ambiance, you'll probably have a good time.
2	Went in off season, poor service, cold food, pricey for what you get. Ordered the taco salad - stale tortillas.
1	A one-star review is a rarity from me.I was at Westgate and decided to try the place out. OK, the ambiance is decent (and it's a two story restaurant), but...eek!The problems are as follows:-Slim pickings. There's not much in the way of food and much more in the alcoholic department. And when there is food...-Food that's just nothing to write home about. The only thing amusing or interesting about the chicken sandwich I ordered was that it seemed to look like a turtle, and not by design, either.-Did I see a bird in the place? I know I saw one inside Jobing.com Arena before, but this is a little different.I'm glad I live in the East Valley, not the West. That's all I have to say.
1	Horrible!  Took a customer there....sat at bar.  Asked about fajitas and server said they were having problems with their steak and steak wasn't available....got the carribean salad without dressing.  Salad came drenched in dressing and was very mediocre at best.  Even before we were finished, bartender told us he was leaving and wanted us to pay bill.  He could of just transferred it but told us he couldn't do it and wanted us to pay and open new bill if we wanted anything else.  So for that, he got a mediocre tip!  And as we were leaving I saw steak fajitas being served!  Nice!  Would not go back!
3	Ate at Jimmy Buffett's for the first time and was disappointed. Menu seemed very limited and was expensive for what it was. Food was unremarkable and I would not eat here again.Not bad just nothing worth making me visit again. It may be fun late at night for drinks and a snack though.
2	Horrible decor. Great bartenders. Not a place I would frequent again I'm sure.
4	Great atmosphere and good food.
2	Came to this hot mess last weekend, and was NOT impressed.  Waited way too long before we received any service. Drinks took forever, ordered a Mai tai and received a glass full of sweet & sour. Not a great crowd, and very rude, disrespectful bouncers. Luckily there is a Saddle Ranch right across the way that ended up saving the night.
5	Came in on Black Friday for lunch, I had the El Diablo burger and it was delicious. We had Heather Robinson as our server and she was on point with her suggestions not only from the menu but also from the bar. This was my first time here, and I will defiantly be back.
2	Overpriced and not worth it... Boooo.
1	Decided to have a surprise birthday party for a friend.  Called a week in advance so the table would have all our friends already seated at it when I brought her in to the restaurant. Reserved a table for 15 at 6:00 so my friends could get the cake on the table and everyone  time to get there before I got her there at 6:30.  I get a call from my friend at 6:25 and no table. I'm sitting in the parking lot trying to stall. 6:45 I can't play it off anymore, We walk up to the restaurant and my friends had to yell surprise  while sitting on the benches outside while holding a cake.  Why take a reservation if you won't go by it.  At 6:55 we are finally sat upstairs and there are at least 10 tables and a big round table open. So disappointed.  The server seemed annoyed, didn't really say anything besides are you ready to order,  WAY overpriced. Food was boring nothing different than any Ruby Tuesdays.  So disappointed.  I probably won't ever go back there again.
2	Though this restaurant has great decor and is very interesting to look at, we felt it was way overpriced for the food that you receive. The club sandwich was dry and the fries were oversalted. At best the food was just okay, but we were disappointed with the prices. For the type of food that is served, it is significantly higher than other restaurants that have similar menus.
3	The food was all together okay, but the nachos were the most exciting thing we ordered. The staff was also very nice, but there could have been more people to help serve. I felt like there was only one girl serving all the tables.
1	Considering this place already has a 2  1/2 star rating with over 100 reviews there's not much that really needs to be said. The food and drinks are astronomically expensive. I had an appetizer and 2 drinks and it was nearly $40! I must admit both of my drinks were awesome but the appetizer was downright disappointing  and it was supposed to be their specialty. It was some sort of crab dip with these huge slices of under seasoned garlic bread. The service is a downright abomination, I literally had to flag down one of the floor managers to get our server to give us the check. I am 100% certain I'll never come here again.
2	The last couple times I have been here, the food has gone up in price but the service and taste has declined some.  They still have a great cheeseburger and volcano nachos.  The other appetizers we had that we used to like just haven't tasted as good in recent trips.  The quesadillas had a seasoning on top that wasn't very good and the chicken was dry. The boneless chicken bites didn't have much breading.  The atmosphere is still fun, but it's a costly experience.
2	Overpriced food that is mediocre at best, beers you can buy at the local market & the staff were s...l...o...w!
2	So sue me for not checking Yelp before coming here and living to regret it.  We were tourists and totally anticipated tourist prices, so I'm not going to complain about the price.  But yeah, nothing impresses here.  The blender drinks were WAY too sweet and there was hardly any booze.  The food was mediocre.  Even service was slow and frustrating.  It has a cool atmosphere and the location was perfect since our hotel was literally a hop, skip, and a jump away.  Other than that, there's not much more positive I can add.
5	I had lunch here yesterday after  fighting the crowd and lines at the Goodwill Career Expo. I sat on the beautiful outdoor patio overlooking the fountain, main path and stadium. That fountain is amazing!Kaitlin was my server. She was friendly and attentive. After browsing the menu (a little pricey for my taste), I decided to order the Coconut Telegraph Calypso Chicken pasta for $14.99 and a large coke. While waiting for lunch, I read the Yelp reviews and was surprised to see so many bad reviews. Everything was going great for me...no complaints.A nearby table ordered the volcano nachos for $14.50. That plate was piled about 9" high with nachos and goodies. Wow! My food arrived steaming hot (a little TOO hot because I had to let it sit and cool off for so long, I almost lost my appetite) and looking yummy! The plentiful portabella mushrooms were delicious! I would order it again. I had lots left over for lunch tomorrow. That's what I'm talking about!
3	Came here for dinner before a concert a jobing.com arena.  I arrived before my friend so I grabbed a table in the bar and ordered a margarita and chips and queso.  The margarita was good but oh so tiny for the price they charge.  The queso for the chips was perfect for me because it wasn't even remotely spicy.  The chips themselves were bordering on stale however.  By the time my friend arrived there was a line out the door to get tables (it pays to arrive early!!).  We both ordered the cheeseburger in paradise.  Mine was cooked exactly as I asked for it and the french fries were actually really good (no salt or ketchup required!).  My friend ordered 2 beers while we were there and our waiter forgot her second one.  He seemed rather distracted but was friendly enough.  Not overly prompt with drink refills but he did get there eventually.Overall it was decent, just a bit pricy.  I wish they hadn't changed their menu and taken off the alfredo pasta that came with chicken and broccoli.  That was my favorite thing there... now I'm stuck with cheeseburgers.  Oh well.
1	If there was a minus star I would give. Went there Friday to celebrate my great-niece graduation from High school. The staff was very accommodating but, the food was terrible. Everyone's fries were cold,, bread was hard and over cooked and over satiated with cheap margarine. I asked for a sample of hummus and it was cold and taste liked caulking. The prices are so high with the poor quality and skimpy portions. And to add insult to injury overcharged one ticket in out group by double the bill,More like get the Nastyaritaville!
1	First let me say that I am a HUGE Jimmy Buffett fan.  I found myself in Scottsdale for the better part of a week, so the 30 minute drive across town to Glendale wasn't even something I thought twice about.I wouldn't do it again; this place is truly awful.  I sat at the bar, which I normally do if eating alone, because the service is generally more attentive.  Not here.  They did offer me a drink right away and I ordered a Margarita (Jimmy would approve), but had to ask for a menu.  Bartenders should always offer a menu.  I made my selection in 2 minutes (Cheeseburger in Paradise; what else!), then proceeded to wait 10 minutes for the bartender to come back.  She and two other employees were huddled in the back of the bar talking to each other, ignoring the patrons.  I sure as hell wasn't going to yell at them over the music (oh yeah, the music sucked, but I'll get to that later).  She finally turns around to see me giving her the cold stare, and came over to ask "Are you ready to order?".  My reply?  "I've been waiting for 10 minutes".  She shoots back "Well there are lots of use here" with attitude.  Yeah, there sure were lots of you there, and you're all ignoring your customers.  By the way, my receipt said her name was "Jenna" number 1003, so yeah Jenna I'm calling you out.Burger arrives in a reasonable amount of time, and it's also not impressive.  Just a premanufactured burger they threw on the grill.  Jenna even managed to refill my glass a few times, and was prompt when offering dessert.On to the restaurant as a whole: It was not the immersive Jimmy experience I wanted.  While I was there, the audio/visual system played Warren Zevon, Prince, some Country crap, and Gloria Estafan (!).  Really?  When I go to a Jimmy Buffett property, I want Jimmy 24x7.  Play his concerts, there are literally hundreds of them.  Does Jimmy approve of this?  Has he seriously ever even been here?  I can't believe he'd approve of this crap.The decor however was pretty much exactly how I think it should be.  Lots of boat metaphors and fishing equipment.  The gift shop is excellent and the attendant there was wonderful.I'm sure now one of the managers is going to comment to this review and apologize for my experience.  You know what?  You need to do more than apologize to every single person who writes a bad review of this place.  Every single review of this place is 3 stars or less, which is pretty pitiful.  You need to get your staff to pay attention to the customers, and you need to improve the food quality and change up the music a bit.  That isn't too much to do really, as the location is good and the atmosphere is fine.  Jimmy seriously wouldn't stand for this if he knew what was going on.  So, instead of apologizing send me a free T-Shirt or something because your apologies aren't gonna do it for me as I live 3,000 miles away.  My email is e2346437@gmail.com.
3	I have to state up-front that I am, in fact, an official dues-paying, card-carrying Parrothead. That said, I was a bit disappointed in this Margaritaville. The decor is awesome and our waiter was nice and accommodating...and that's about all I can say that's positive. Everything is overpriced. Our conch fritters were burned. My brother had a salad with chicken that he found rubbery, although our waiter graciously brought him more. It  was a $12 salad at best, but they charged $17, of course. My surf 'n' turf was very good and my steak WAS cooked rarerarerare like I prefer, but it too was rather overpriced ($28, with the "turf" being coconut shrimp). As someone else pointed out, I heard only one Jimmy song the whole time! A band was setting up towards the end of our visit, but while the video screens continued to show videos, no music was heard. Major bummer. The attached store was fun, though, and that was really the reason I went, so that was good. If I lived in the Phoenix area, I might come here once in a while to shop and have a drink, but the food leaves a lot to be desired. Sorry, Jimmy! I still love ya though. FINS UP!
2	I wish I would have read other reviews before heading to this  place as the margaritas came in small glasses and even the special BLENDER margarita for $14.75 would have been regular price at other restaurant. The El Diablo burger that I ordered was a frozen Pattie that had I known that I would have ordered it well done rather than Med Rare. service was slow even though there was only a hand full patrons present.. so my family and I will only be walking by this establishment rather then throwing our money away here.
4	This place has 2 levels to it. They were so busy we had to wait 20 minutes for a table...yet I don't think the second floor was even open.But Katliyn our server was wonderful. We sat in what looked like a speed boat. The seats were a little dirty upon arrival.  We had perfect margaritas & the chocolate hurricane.
2	I came here with some coworkers before the Cardinals game to get some food and drinks. My first impression was how hot it was inside as it seems they didn't have any air conditioning on. All the fans were going which gave it at least some air flow but all of us were sweating and fanning ourselves with the menu. We were sitting right by the door and asked if they could close it since the hot air was blowing in. They closed it, but then eventually opening the other side. Ok...We ordered the spinach dip, volcano nachos, boneless buffalo wings, and the chicken fajitas. I could have had better food reheated from Applebee's. The food quality is very low and obviously is just reheated from a package. Not worth the money at all. The manager on duty was apparently stressed out because at one point she was screaming at someone on her radio to get another server to the patio. All the guests were looking at her. Understandably, it was game day, so I gave two stars in hopes it wouldn't normally be like this but I would prefer any other place around the arena to this one. Sorry jimmy buffet!
4	Dropped by a couple of times while headed to the football game.  Both times we were met be very friendly staff and seated right away.  Having been to several other Margaritavilles we knew what to expect.The place is loud, loud loud.  We ordered the the volcano of chips.  It was great, the drinks are a bit small but good.  Both times we only ordered appetizers and found them plentiful.
5	The food and drinks were great but what made me decide to give 5 stars was the service! Our waitress (Morgan) was incredible! Polite, prompt and made our meal as good as it was! We will definitely be returning to Margaritaville!
2	If your expecting to have one of those experiences of feeling like your in a tropical resort or off the beaten path, forget it. This was my first experience of eating at one of Jimmy's restaurants. I won't be back. I found this to be one of those places that you can say "I've been there." I knew from other people's experiences that these restaurants are mediocore at best. Plus, everyone of these restaurants I have been by in my travels, they are never full. In fact, the gift shops usually have more people in them then the restaurant.Anyway, I met a friend at this one (a long drive to get there from the East valley) to discuss some business. The food: I ordered a Cuban sandwich. I love these, so I figured, how can you screw one of these up? Well, it wasn't hard. I've lived in Florida, so I know what a Cuban sandwich should be like. First off, you only get half a sandwich. The bread was kind of hard and chewy (Could barely cut it with a knife), only a very small (and I mean very small) portion of pork on it (shredded), and some ham that I think came from a grocery store pre packaged. Not even deli cut ham. I only received one pickle on my sandwich. The fries were starting to get cold by the time my meal made it to the table. The iced tea was good. I do think that for the price, it could have been better. They should fix the meat and add some black beans and rice as a second side dish.Service was pretty good since there were not a lot of people to be served.I do like the gift shop, but those prices are crazy high on tee shirts, etc...I won't be back. Jimmy is truly in it for the money. Nothing more, nothing less.
1	Worst $14.00 dollar salad I ever had. Would have given zero stars. Three pieces of mango, limp iceberg lettuce no other greens, 1/8 cup of tiny chopped tomatoes & cucumbers. Smother in a paste of salad dressing.Wait person never refilled my water. My husbands meal was just as bad.This restaurant running on reputation alone.
2	I love Margaritaville... But definitely not impressed with this visit. I was really looking forward to some Volcano  Nachos, but being by myself, I knew I couldnt eat the whole thing. I requested a half order, but was told they couldnt do that. I understand this policy if there is a large group, but not so much if
2	The only reason I will come back to this place is maybe for a drink or two, other than that I will never eat here again. I ordered the steak and shrimp meal.  The shrimp was your average fried shrimp just as I expected so no complaints there, but on the other hand my steak was not cooked to my specifications. I ordered it medium and the first time it came out it was well done. Fail! So the server took it back and ten minutes later a second steak came out and much to my despise it was also well done. EPIC FAIL!!! So I just gave up and ate some of the dry steak. You would think that a close to $30 plate would get more attention to detail on a simple task. Not the servers fault, the cooks need more practice on steak preparation.
3	Nachos are huge and delicious but wish they had during game specials.  Also the tv's fur watching a game are crap. You're at Westgate they should have better Moore impressive tv's to watch football. I'd recommend other sports places over here.
1	I don't normally write reviews, but this place was THAT bad that I felt compelled.  We were hoping for a good meal after a movie at the AMC.  The place was dead on a Friday night, so that should have been our first clue to run the other way.  Margaritas were awful.  Chili's or On the Border makes a much better margarita than this place.  We got the volcano nachos to start and those came out at room temperature and about 25% of the shredded cheese was not melted.  My son got a kids meal with veggies for the side.  The veggies were nothing but onions and squash.  Rest of the meal was bad as well.  $70 tab.  So brutal for what we got.  I should've complained, but I don't have that kind of energy after a long week.  Hope this saves someone from a really overpriced and terrible meal.
1	We should have known not to go to Margaritaville when all the other restaurants in Westgate had long waits and we walked right in and had our choice of tables. We should have known to leave when told they do not offer happy hour on game days. We ordered house margaritas on the rocks, which were fine. A pretty standard house margarita. They were $7.50 each. We ordered Crab, Shrimp and Mushroom Dip, which was $12.50 roughly. It is a decent sized serving, but size doesn't matter because you won't eat more than two bites.  It has the look and consistency of a tuna melt, complete with melted cheddar on top. It does not taste like any of the stated ingredients, but more how what I imagine cat food would taste. It comes with Texas toast, the variety you would find in the frozen section of the supermarket for $3 for a family size box. We sent it back. We also had wings with the Jamaican jerk sauce. They were mediocre at best. More edible than the cat food, but not worth ordering again. They were around $11 for 8 or so wings. Service was poor, which is surprising considering how empty it was compared to all neighboring restaurants. We left hungry and found the melted cheese that comes with pretzels and nachos at the game far better than anything at Margaritaville, if that says anything. I will never go back.
5	As a Parrothead I hadto come to Margaritaville. My family and I were visiting Phoenix for the first time last summer ad we came here after a D'Backs game. Just from viewing the outside I knew I was home. Of course, I had to order the Cheeseburger in Paradise. I'd also had it at Lucy Buffett's Lulu's in Gulf Shores, Alabama. Well, tis burger was just like I remembered it, hot and juicy and good to the last bite. Service was excellent. Our waitress brought us extra palm trees and napkins to take home as souvenirs. The staff was very friendly and le me take pictures all in and around the restaurant and store. Great place. I was definitely "living my life like a song."
2	Had dinner at Margaritaville tonight before the hockey game despite my better judgement as I have been there several times before. Waited 30 minutes and did get a decent seat outside to watch the crowd. The waitress was pleasant but as usual the food was just not that good. I ordered a Cheeseburger that was just 'so so'. The bun was not toasted and the cheese had not melted. My son had the Coconut Shrimp. It was cold and just not that appetizing. I just think that from a well-known chain like this, the food should be better. Lots of other options at Westgate, plan to try something different next time.
1	It's hard to write a review for this place considering my friend and I were here for 1 minute before we were rudely shoed out. We came for drinks and the hostess said we could find at the bar. The bar was empty with the exception for 4-5 people sitting on stools. There were no more seats so we kindly asked a couple at a high top table if we could borrow their stools and bring them to the bar to sit down. The second we brought them to the bar to sit down, an employee rudely ran over to us and practically yanked the chairs from under us saying that "those chairs can't be at the bar". He immediately put them back at the table and my friend and I just stood there confused and upset. He walked away and we (still standing at the bar) weren't sure what to do. The bartender stared at us and we walked out, clearly pissed, and not one employee looked at us. An absolutely horrible experience and I will make sure myself and anyone I know will never give this place a try again.
2	Pros: Wait time on a busy Sat evening wasn't bad for a party of 7. Drinks were goodWaitress was friendly (not the greatest) but she had a great attitude.Cons: Food was horrible. The crab, shrimp mushroom dip that we ordered as an app, was like mush. It tasted like someone dumped tuna fish on a plate. Nothing like stated on the menu (disgusting!) The "catch of the day" was mahi mahi, so 2 of us ordered fish tacos. What we got was crappy seasoned tilapia. The cheeseburger in paradise that was ordered by another person in our party was at best, a frozen patty that tasted microwaved. Bar staff was rude
4	Margarita flight is good but mango margaritas are the best.  Stopped in for a drink and the bartender has just made a flight for display.  Perfect for sharing on Valentine's Day.  Bartender didn't keep hounding us and we sat in the little bar area watching people and the fountains.   Great spot!  I will definitely make a point to go there again for the mango margarita.  It was that light, refreshing and easy to drink.
2	Went to a "Margarita Class" and never recieved my fake certificate. Kinda dumb...but I did drive from Gilbert. Drinks were OK...not a big selection....Food was ok....nothing amazing....nothing great...Yard House right across the way is much better.
2	I visited Margaritaville before a Cardinals game in December.  I was with extended family - there was about 8 people in our group.  Admittedly, we should have arrived earlier to get a table.  We put our name down for a table, and waited around the bar for over an hour.  Meanwhile, we saw guests who arrived after us taking large tables in the bar area. We didn't realize that these tables were first come-first served, and the servers did not make us aware of this when we arrived.We saw a large table sit empty for quite some time.  Myself and others in my party asked if we could at least sit there while we waited, and were told No.  The hostesses couldn't give us a straight answer on when we would be seated.  Finally, they sat us at the empty table, and told us they were trying to catch up on their other tables before seating us.  We told them that was fine, but would have appreciated at least knowing that, and could have sat there for drinks rather than standing around the crowded bar.  We asked to speak with a manager, and one never showed up.Once we were seated, the service was decent and fast.  But the food was mediocre and not worth the long wait.  I understand that they are very busy before games, but the way they handled a large party was very poor.
4	It's Margaritaville, what more do I need to say?  Good food, great service, love the ceiling and the decorations. I wish it was closer to Tempe and not so far away, we'd go more often. We have lucked out by going at 'off times' where there have not been any events in the arena next door, so we get a seat right away. Went there once during an event and had to wait an hour, and no where to sit at the bar either. Will go again, you should go too.
1	This place is awful! As MANY of the other reviews say, the service is HORRIBLE!!! We sat at the bar outside and the bar tender was so rude! She helped the couple next to us but completely ignored us even though I made several attempts to get her attention. She charged us full price instead of happy hour prices and was rude when I asked her to change it. The manager did discount the drinks and she was nice but I dont think the experience could have been saved at that point. I will never ever go back here. It is a waste of a LOT of time and money!
5	We were on vacation stopped in for St Patrick's day drinks and had a great time. The service was perfect and the volcano nachos were above expectations
1	SLOW SERVICE!  On a WED.  Food:  Fresh fish salty!  The food is the worst food of any I have ordered!  Do not waste your time or money. You AZ people have many wonderful places. This places should close. It is tha bad!
5	We were asked by the hostess where we would lIke to sIt!!! Kolleen our server was exceptional. She was on time and made excellent recomedations. Vicki stopped by several times to chat and make sure our afternoon was exactly perfect. My mom's words were "excellent and amazIng" describing her experience here today! We sat just Inside with a fountain view. It was an amazing girls afternoon out! Mahalo JB, Vicki, Kolleen and the rest of the staff!!!
3	I was not planning on coming here but my friend's family took us here and they're awesome company. There was a bit of a wait so we looked around the gift shop. On the way there, I was heckled by the bartender for wearing a Kevin Durant shirt. Ninja, puh-leez!5 O'Clock Somewhere:Rum, passion fruit tequila, sour mix, OJ, pineapple juice, and grenadine on the rocks. 4/5Tropical Fruit Margarita:Frozen fruit-flavored  margarita mix (strawberry,  raspberry, banana, wildberry or mango), Triple Sec, and tequila. I picked strawberry and banana. I got mine served in a souvenir blender cup. This was surprisingly nice and strong. 4/5Feelin' Hot Hot Hot:Tequila, agave nectar, Habanero lime, margarita mix, and jerk seasoning on the rocks. I couldn't taste the habanero or whatever spice. 1/5Cuban Sandwich:Pulled pork, ham, Swiss cheese in a Cuban loaf with mustard. Served with a side of fries. I've had good Cuban sandwiches before. This was just ok. The bread was think and crispy. But I should have gotten the fish sandwich instead. 3/5Barbecue Bacon Cheeseburger:Nothing to write home about. 3/5Our server was quite good. But man, that bartender.
1	Unfortunately my husband and I ventured in here after turning down the 35 minute wait at The Yardhouse. Margaritaville was nearly empty.. It's a HUGE restaurant with a lower and upper level, and on a Saturday night I would expect it to be packed. Not so, there were maybe five tables in use. It all started out well enough. The place is visually entertaining. They've clearly spent a small fortune on the island-type decor and primo space viewing the fountains at Westgate. That's where the good ended. I was desperate for a steak after forgoing Yardhouse, so I was happy when I saw a basic sirloin on the menu. There were two "turf" options, and I opted for the non-teriyaki version. At $21 and some change I was hoping for a fairly decent steak, rare. (I clarified to our server twice just to make sure) My husband ordered a simple Cuban sandwich. The food took strangely long to come out, seeing how there was nearly no one there. When it finally did come out it was presented in an ok fashion. Although my $21 sirloin was a mere deck of cards size and suspiciously dark. I cut into the center of the steak to find a ragingly overcooked piece of meat. Annoyed, I began on my Caesar salad and fries which were incredibly ordinary but edible. Read: frozen fried steak fries and generic Caesar) The server came back to ask us how everything was, and begrudgingly I presented her with my so overcooked it was dry steak. She apologized and was nice enough, then promised to have another one cooked immediately. 10 minutes passes...Husband has decided that his Cuban is really actually kind of crappy. The bread was stale and crushed, the ham, flavorless, all around it was just a really boring and terribly executed sandwich.15 minutes passes....25 minutes pass..And finally the server returns. She says that when they were cooking my second steak "they botched it" and unfortunately they have no more steaks prepped for tonight. At this point I was full on crappy fries and my Caesar salad, and just said scrap it all. She tried to get me to order anything else.. I just wasn't having it. I wanted to go home and cook myself a steak. Eventually the manager came out, and he was also desperate to "take care of us" and very apologetic. He and the server both seemed sincere, but I just wanted nothing to do with the place any more. No, I didn't want a free meal next time. No, I don't want a free slice of cheesecake. No I don't want coconut shrimp. It was nearly comical after the groveling session had concluded. Our server brought us our bill, my food removed of course, we paid, and got the hell out of dodge. We will never return to this place. A junky sandwich, insane time lapses between ordering and receiving, and they run out of steaks on a Saturday night at 7:30 pm? Ridiculous. I'd advise anyone considering Margaritaville to go to any one of the other restaurants within Westgate. There's a ton of good ones, this one NOT being one of them.
2	We ventured into Margaritaville on a late Thursday afternoon on 4-24-14 during Happy Hour.  Decor was awesome! Not busy, should have been a sign for us.  My husband wanted to sit inside but near the outdoors.  We let the Hostess know but she seated clear on the other side in a corner!  This started my husband off on the wrong foot! We each ordered a drink.  I, the $5 House Margarita special which was not very good but considering the price.  I've tasted lots better. It came out in a regular standard glass!!  One would think eating at Jimmy Buffet Margaritaville it would be in a Margarita Glass for the theme and fun!!   I then gave my Margarita to my husband and I ordered the Fins to the Left. The color of it was pretty and the name was what I was paying for but the taste was just not there!  I wasted $7.50 on that drink!!We ordered Lava Shrimp for our app. which was quit good, delicious in fact but it went down hill from there.  My husband said his Jimmy's Jammin' Jambalay was very  good BUT over priced for the amount he got, should have been around $14 or $15 instead of the $18 he was paying.  We had to wait to find someone to ask for Hot Sauce for his Gumbo as it got cold. Here comes paying for the name thing again!  I ordered the Blu Cheese Burger since the waitress said it was their most popular and ordered it MEDIUM.  Fries were good BUT my burger was DONE and DRY!!  Hardly any Blu Cheese on the burger!!   Worst hamburger I ever had and to think this is Jimmy Buffet Hamburger in Paradise?  I think NOT!!  I did not let the waitress know since it would be another 20-25 minute wait for another even though they were not busy.  I just went ahead and ate it. We have been trying to get here for 3 years to eat since we live almost 1 hour from there and it was a major disappointment.  We should have gone back to Yardhouse where the drinks, food and service was so much better!  If we come back, it will be during Happy Hour and we will get several orders of the Lava Shrimp and only beer. Something basic.  Not wasting my money on a Margarita when they do not know how to make them in Margaritaville and served in a standard everyday glass. !!  Once again, we were only paying for the name!!
1	Worst service ever!! I can only order 1 drink at a time for 2 people? WTF!!! How long em I in time out for? Don't come here!!
3	Ok food. Not a great happy hour. No one is here for dinner. Cool if you are a huge jimmy fan not so cool otherwise. Not a must visit. If are bored check it out.
1	Prices are good and came for a band which was great. The service however is inconsistent and who and how many drinks they will serve varies based on the bartender. If you have policies no problem but they need to be enforced consistently or not be in place. I will continue to come for shows but would recommend only coming if you understand the poor service you will receive.
1	My wife and I have been very eager to try Margaritaville for quite some time, so we figured her birthday would give us the perfect opportunity on 6-14-14. The experience was very disappointing and I will never return.My wife and I arrived with our small party around 10:30 and the door staff was very friendly. We sat down at a table and waited ten minutes for a server that never came. I went to the bar area to try figure out how to get drinks ordered and the gentleman at the bar insisted that I ordered for my entire party at the bar. After talking to him for a minute  or so he told me that he would personally be down there in just a minute. After waiting five minutes he came down and took down our drink order. This was the last time anyone paid our table any attention. We figured we would give the bar a chance for out next drink order. I ordered a simple beer which was fine, my wife was in the mood for a shot that involved Tequila so we tried to order a mixed shot that was listed on the menu. Of course the bar was out of ingredients needed to make that shot, so the bartender ended up making a tequila shot with an orange mix. The bartenders attitude while doing so was clear that he was not happy in doing so. I brought the shot to my wife and after one sip i could just see the look of disgust on her face. I brought the shot back to the bartender and asked if we could we just have a margarita instead because it was clear that she was not going to drink the shot. Once again, the bartender had an attitude the whole way through which is what finalized my opinion of this establishment. Before we went to another establishment we went outside to have a cigarette. When we went outside there was one other gentlemen besides us and a security guard. After 3/4 of our cigarettes the security guard informed us that we had to smoke in a specific area of the patio. This would have been nice to know before we started. The staff here is unfriendly and disengaged with what is going on around them. It is obvious that customer service is a priority here.  I will never return to Margaritaville and I will make sure to tell others about my experience.
1	Came for bike night and sat on the patio.  Worst service! We waited at least 10 minutes for our drinks. When more of the group came, an even longer wait for just drinks. It wasn't even that busy, so I don't even know what the problem was. Food was ok, we only ordered appetizers because we did not want to wait even longer for real food.
2	Went in at 4:30. It was not busy at all but we waited 30 minutes for our drinks. The appetizers were out before the drinks. No reason for it.  The food was decent. Humus plate was good but shrimp cocktail was over cooked.  Would not return.
3	Happy hour deal is good and lasts until 7 and starts again at 10. Quality is mediocre, but good for half price.
4	As a major Parrothead I really like the Glendale property.  I'm clueless to why Jimmy choose this location as it's always empty!  I hope business can pick up for them so they stick around.  Staff are friendly and provide a good time with the same menu standard across the chain.You can never go wrong with the Cheeseburger, of course, but there are a lot of great other options.  Shrimp, ahi, nachos, are all quite nice.  The fajitas are not that great, but that's okay.  It's really the experience you are there for in the first place.I always recommend the "Perfect Margarita", why waste time, it's Perfect!
3	I don't know if this location is always this full, and it's kind of hard to review since we went during the fourth of July weekend. Needless to say I liked the place but thought that it would be a more memorable experiencePROS:- The food was very tasty and came to us promptly. I ordered a Calypso Chicken Pasta and my partner ordered the Cocount Shrimp which were absolutely crispy and delicious. My pasta was very well seasoned and the portion was generous. - We ordered a tropical fruit margarita and a Last Mango In paradise margarita. Both tasted very good and strong, unlike other places where they get stingy with the alcohol.- the waiter was very kind when I asked if I could charge my phone somewhere. Since there were no outlets nearby, he went to the mini stage they have and plugged it in there. He didn't have to but he saw to it that I could charge the phone while eating my dinner.CONS:- the place was too loud and patrons were not able to enjoy the live music being played. - It took us 35 minutes to get in there (again, it was 4th of July, and the place was packed, but it was just two of us so it's still a bit of a wait)- the margaritas were rather small and a bit too expensive.I felt like the atmosphere was different and unique but the prices are kind of high for what they have. Even though the drinks were good, there are other places that offer the same quality drinks in more quantity for less money.
1	Big disappointment.  Food didn't taste fresh, and it was lukewarm. Randy, our server,  clearly doesn't like his job. He just went through the motions, and had a robotic personality.  Food and drinks are overpriced for what you get. Not to mention, the drinks are lucky to have a half of a shot of liquor in them. Jimmy Buffett himself would be extremely pissed to try and get wasted away with any one of the drinks at this place. Save your money and try ANY of the other restaurants/bars on this "strip". Or better yet, save your money and go to Vegas Margaritaville for a much more authentic Jimmy Buffett experience.
3	I'll be honest.  Margaritaville was my not first choice.  It was pre-concert and we had naively intended to dine at Yard House but upon hearing it was AN HOUR AND A HALF wait, we opted to eat here.  While we waited for a table, we got margaritas at the bar.  I opted for a mango margarita....  and I think they cheat.  I think they have a "main" frozen margarita mix and then they just add whatever flavor you choose.  While my margarita did have chunks of mango in it, it had an odd chemical taste that I was not digging.  My companion enjoyed hers though (and tasted mine to make sure they were the same) so maybe it's just me.  We ordered the Volcano Nachos or Nachos Volcano or The Incredible Stack of Goodness.  Because it was.  It was delicious and the two of us barely put in a dent in it.  Service was sketchy.  It was good initially but we sat for quite a while waiting for check.  Normally, I wouldn't be too concerned about that but we had show tickets and one does not keep Justin Timberlake waiting.
5	Had been wanting to go for several weeks. Finally decided to make the trek over to the other side of town to check out the shopping and the restaurants. The wait was not lawn and the atmosphere is beyond great. The Decour is very appropriate very fun and very different.My husband had a margarita and said it was great my drink was not great asked the waitress to replace it and she replaced it with a different drink that was excellent no problems.Our food was hot and serve very well ..tasted very good I had the teriyaki chicken with double vegetables my husband had the avocado burger turkey burger with a side salad it was all fresh good hot.The band was fun and they were just getting started when we left would've liked to of stayed and enjoyed it a little bit longer. But there was no rush for us to get out service was great not an issue. I personally highly recommend this restaurant
1	We went back for a second time just to see a band that we were friends with...same story, different night.  It's amazing to see all of the bad reviews on here and that NOTHING is being done to actually improve the experience.  I see the replies from "Management", but it is just a really poorly run business.  The service was incredibly slow, food is awful, cold and overpriced and drinks are bad.  How can this happen...twice?  I've tried to be a fan of this place (the one in Vegas is OUTSTANDING!) but this one is just missing the mark in every aspect of food service.
1	I am seriously disappointed in this Margaritaville.  We stopped in for dinner before a concert and it was fairly busy but nothing they couldn't handle based on the size of the place.  There were 4 adults and 4 kids in our party.  We all ordered fairly quickly and food arrived in an appropriate amount of time.  1 of the meals came out completely wrong, like not even the right dish.  Our server took it away and then brought the right dish out.  Then, 2 of our meals tasted so bad, we couldn't eat them.  They just tasted like they were off, almost spoiled.  They did offer to make new items and we had them make one other dish for my friend and I decided to pass and just get dessert so I ordered a piece of cheesecake.  It then took another 20 minutes to get my cheesecake.  I do want to give props to the manager who handled it correctly but overall, I am giving 1 star purely on the fact that the food was completely generic and not good.   The food tasted and looked like mass, cafeteria food.  There are better restaurants at Westgate so next time I will go elsewhere.
1	SO I hate this place, I went on a Saturday on my Birthday with group of about ten people more or less around 9pm. There wan't a special event or anything going on and the place wasn't pact so I don't know why it took an hour to finally get seated. Once we got seated after 10pm, we ordered drinks and food. I hated that we were sat in front of the DJ, I couldn't even hear my friends talk. When our waiter Marcell, came back, I asked what exactly the happy hour specials were, he told me that I missed it and it was from 4-7. So then I pulled up the website on my phone and showed him that after 10 pm happy hour starts again. So he went to talk to another server came back and said that everything you order from now on will be half off but not what we JUST ordered. when I asked why, he said we were seated before 10. I was furious! Not only was that a lie but any other waitress/waiter would of made an exception even if we were seated at 9:59! He had some sort of power issue, and he didn't care that the ONLY reason I came here was for the specials. I would of walked out if I didn't make ten of my friends wait outside for an hour and drive to another place! We are college students, any discounts/happy hour is the whole point we even go out at times!! Besides that, one of my friends told him it was my bday and they sung happy bday to HER when I was on the other side of the table... Thanks for ruining my evening on purpose. Next time I'm walking out and you can keep your full priced margaritas. Afterwards we went to Applebee's and I had so much fun there, I got my Happy Bday and a free ice cream and not an a**hole for a waiter. I will NOT be back and so will any of my friends. You can blame the lost of service to Marcell.
3	I came in for a girls night... there was a live DJ and a dance floor you can tell that people were reallt enjoying their time. There is a nice patio and bar for smoking. Although, we couldn't get drinks from the bar outside because he was closing down the guy was real polite. Inside there is a sit down bar. I ordered a Vodka cranberry and I did not taste the vodka at all. It tasted like store bought old cranberry. My friend she ordered a freeze Margaritas which tastes real good. The bartenders were standing around talking to each other and texting on their phones. The security was very nice and helpful. Not over the top but just right. The bathrooms were clean. The staff at the door was very friendly as well as inside.
1	Not busy, and horrible service. Barely any TVs to watch football, unless you like 20" screens. Went to the restroom and it was trashed with garbage everywhere. And very over priced, along with not a lot of food selection. Good luck
2	Went with my family for New Years Eve.  The drinks were weak and they left the doors open so we were freezing!  Overrated!  This location lacks a personality- it a cookie cutter version of Buffet's tropical locations.  On the plus side, the bar food was great but I wouldn't probably go back... Definitely not for New Years Eve!
1	Terrible service.  45 minutes for a drink!  Our friend's appetizer didn't show up?  Well the unhappy server blamed the table across the way for eating other people's food.  Ummmm we are all together including that table.  We didn't move from our seats and HOW would they get other people's food?  Saw a tip on yelp this location is closing.  Good idea!
1	Worst experience I have ever had!  The service is horrible. and the food is so so.If you speak to loudly they may kick you out. Thats what happened to people sitting at the table next to us.
1	closed for ever
1	They sick they didn't even show the 4th quarter of the official 1st place game.  Card vs Washington.  So lame after we spent a 70$ bill you think we deserve the game and sound of the game.  So lame so we went nxt door to the closest. BAR west.   We basically got kicked out.   So lame good thing tyre closing and the seats st second bar are way better and so is the sound.
