5	Best customer service in a mall store ever. We popped in here to check it out while walking through the Excalibur mall area. The Asian(sorry I don't remember his name) dude working the counter by himself really gave us great service, giving us advice, telling us about coupon specials, and being all around a nice guy. we bought a lot of stuff because of this. The popcorn is really tasty. The nacho cheese flavor is really coated and actually spicy but the best is the cinnamon toast flavor which really tastes like cinnamon toast.  The also have huge delicious candied apples.
5	My wife noticed the sign in front of their store in the Excalibur mall area. The featured flavor on the sign was White Chocolate Pumpkin Spice popcorn. We ventured inside and asked about it. The nice person working there offered a free sample for each of us. It was, simply the best popcorn I have ever tasted, and I have eaten my share of popcorn.We bought a bag and nibbled on these delights from the hotel room to the airport and finally finished them when we got home. Next visit we will try a different flavor for sure.
5	We got a regular bag of popcorn with two flavors for a little over $4.  The jalapeno cheddar popcorn is out of this world, bursting full of flavor!  Don't pop too much into your mouth though or else your mouth might feel as if it is on fire haha!   The other flavor we got was the white cheddar which was good too but not as good as the jalapeno cheddar.  The bag lasted us the few days we were in town and was a really tasty and filling snack to have.  So many good flavors to choose from and the awesome guys behind the counter are more than happy to let you try as many flavors as you'd like and even make recommendations for you.  Great place, go give it a try!
5	Oooooohhhh!  Popcorn covered in chocolate!  Got a big old can of the stuff to bring home.   If it lasts that long!
4	Yey, I'm a fan!I haven't had Popcornopolis until my friend mentioned it while we were flipping through a book on what to do in Las Vegas.  We were currently staying in Excalibur, and lo-and-behold, Popcornopolis is inside the building.  We got there, and tried a few popcorn out (the guy was very friendly and let us try out a bit of everything that we pointed out to him (then again, we were the only ones in there at night). My favorites:- Zebra (dark and white chocolate with caramel)- Strawberry and cream (my favorite one now)- Cinnamon The bags are pretty big and plenty enough to share with 3-4 people for a long while. They have a twist that you can reuse to seal it over again and again, because this thing can last awhile.I also tried the apple with caramel and truffles, but it wasn't that great compared to the popcorn.  I'm just sad that Popcornopolis isn't around the Bay Area, or else I would be visiting it more frequently.
5	What a fun and unique shop. A great taste experience. Highly recommended!
4	I was hesitant to try this popcorn spot in Excalibur.  I figured that, due to its location, it must be heinous.  Excalibur isn't exactly known for its gourmet food (only its badass jousting and wench service).However, I was pleasantly surprised after I tried some samples.  The popcorn was warm and the flavors were great -- no waxy aftertaste like some flavored popcorn.  There were quite a few flavors available like jalapeno cheese, cinnamon,  almond caramel corn and birthday cake (er, no thanks).I decided to go for the regular size which was $5.99.  I made it a "Chicago mix," aka a cheese and caramel corn mixture.   The bag was huge and seemed like a pretty good deal for the strip.  Everyone that tried it thought it was better than Garrett's.  You can decide for yourself, but, I thought it was pretty delicious.  If I'm ever in the area, I'd stop by just for a bag o' their corn.
5	First of all, let me say that my favorite popcorn in this entire universe is the Zebra Chocolate from Popcornopolis.  Maybe I lack culture.  I have tried it at home, from Costco, in the smaller bags and I just can't get enough.  So imagine my surprise when I came upon this store that I didn't know existed!I usually just chow down the entire bag, but when I saw the large here, I just had to have it, who cares about the price.  And I guess that is what they are counting on.  No, I did not eat it all in one sitting, but I enjoyed every bite I had.  And I now have my wife addicted to it.  Uh, oh.  What have I done?!!!I am so glad you have stores, Popcornopolis.  I shall return.  Do you have a frequent flyer program?:)
3	Not bad.  Friendly service, and they will let you try the various flavors for free (in itty-bittycups, about 3-4 kernels)You might get the impression from the ghost writer reviews that they pop the flavored popcorn here.  They dont.  Its all made from some facility outside, and the high-end flavors are all prepackaged.Prices range from 5.99 to 9.99 for a conical bag of popcorn with resealable twist tie.Like others, really liked the zebra chocolate.   But beware if you leave and walk out in the heat you could wind up with an ugly melted mess.  We also walked out with a bag of jalapeno cheddar.
3	Located upstairs near the Starbucks.  The popcorn was great.  The caramel falls off the apples when you slice them.  I went here specifically for a caramel apple craving...the apples were just okay.  I will have to go back to Disneyland for a super caramel apple.
