1	We purchased two Samsung phones (S3 and Galaxy Note 2)  from T-Mobile in Dec 2013 and we were assisted by a Sales Rep named CELINA.  We had ;purchased a full insurance package and thankfully so.  One of our  phones slipped and the screen broke and it needed to be replaced.  We went through the Insurance Company and got the replacement, with no hassles.  However, when we called the Sales Rep CELINA who we had purchased our expensive phone from and requested her assistance in transferring the data to the new phone she indicated that it could not be done.We we told CELINA that we had transferred our data from the Blackberry to an Android without a problem when we replaced our phones and we know that it could be done.  She then recanted and said that yes it could possibly be done but she was busy with another customer and would call us back.  We waited for her to call back but sadly CELINA NEVER CALLED US BACK.Any business is all about customer service, and it is not so much when you purchase a new product but the service after purchase.  Sadly CELINA failed on every count.Sometimes you are left with no choice but to call out POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE and CELINA tops that list.We did go to another T-Mobile store and were able to transfer all our data without any problems.
5	Cara was amazballs!!!! I'm from out of state and my charger stopped working that I bought in CA.  She replaced it, no hassle knowing she wouldn't even be making a commission.. Make sure you ask for her
1	Be careful with this place! We opened new lines here and got new phones with Bill. And he added features onto my account without asking for our consent. Thank goodness I have a friend that works at T-mobile and knows that some Tmobile associates add more features to their customer's plan to get more commission and this is a commission fraud. I will be reporting a commission fraud at this place so they will not charge poor innocent people 40 dollars more per month like they did to us. T-mobile is awesome but these money hungry associates make T-mobile look bad! Once again be careful at this place! And especially with Bill or anyone here since this is not the first time!
5	Went to T-mobile last night to take advantage of the new "we will payoff your early termination fees if you switch over to us" deal.  I walked in and was greeted immediately even though there were other customers in the store.  The staff was very attentive.  Steve helped me out..at first I was unsure of Steve, but once he started talking we had great conversation and he answered all of my questions.  We laughed a lot and talked about different phones.  I ended up with 4 brand new phones and a better plan at a cheaper price than Verizon.  It was a great deal.  The staff even stayed late to help us out.A big kudus to Steve and the other young lady (I forgot her name!) that helped us out.  You guys did a great job and I appreciate all your had work.  Staff like this will make T-mobile succeed!
1	BEWARE!!  HIGH PRESSURE SALES!!  I went in for a new SIM card and was ganged up on by three clicky young glam-dolls.  They insulted me in the guise of "saving me money," when a review of the fine print made me think otherwise.  After I refused to change to their newest "promo" plan, the room got ice cold and I was told that a SIM card was now $20, even though my son went to a different store a few months ago and got one for free.  When I said that even T-Mobile online says a SIM card is $10, the blond manager instructed the witchy one to charge me only $10.  I've been screwed over at this store before when I changed to a "promo" plan and ended up screwing myself out of features we all enjoyed.  I felt like I was the outcast in high school again as these three girls berated me and insulted me when I told them I didn't understand what I was getting into and just wanted to think things over.  I was actually told that the new plan was "just common sense" and that if I wanted to pay more money for the same thing, I could "go right ahead."  These were the snottiest group of salespeople I have encountered.  I'd complain to T-Mobile, but they don't seem to have a complaint department.  DON'T GO TO THIS LOCATION, I've had friendlier and more helpful service at the location inside Chandler Fashion Center.
1	Went to this location bright and early to order the new iphone 6 on the first day the pre-ordering was available. The sales clerk Jason swiped my card and told me I was good to go. I never received a confirmation and I had to call the store back four times with no return phone calls before I finally got a hold of Jason on Monday. Apparently he never submitted my order which has put me in the back of the line by several weeks for backordered product. He didn't even have the decency to call me back and tell me that he made a mistake. That's poor customer service.
