3	I'm not really a huge fan of Cheesecake Factory. The cheesecake really is good, and of course their selection can make anyone happy. Their food is reliable, and seems to be pretty consistent across all the franchises so you always know what to expect. I guess I'm just not a fan of the hype. This one is no different, but the location is cool. For those of you who don't know, South Side Works is an up-and-coming area just outside of downtown Pittsburgh across the river from Oakland. If you want a good slice of cheesecake, go to Cheesecake Factory. But there are a few other restaurants around the neighborhood, so check those out before dessert.
3	Only one thing to say: Lemoncello cream torte.  My sole reason for entering the restaurant.
4	Of the three Cheesecake Factory's I've been to, including Vegas, this one is my favorite.  Nestled in the heart of South Side Works it's a great place to stop while shopping, seeing a movie at the cinema across the street, a free outdoor evening concert in 'Town Square' out front, or for a special Sunday brunch.Valet parking makes dropping by for just the restaurant convenient, though for a longer shopping excursion you might opt for the SSW garage within strolling distance on a nice day.The interior is a tad more grandiose than the other two locations I've been to and its this scale that, IMHO, makes the venue seem a little less chaotic even when the cue is flowing out the doors.My menu favorites: Avocado Eggroll appetizer, Grilled Shrimp & Bacon Club w/fries (I always wind up taking half of this home), and their absolutely divine Lemoncello Cream Torte.Sorry, with Lemoncello Cream Torte on the menu who needs sex, er um, cheesecake, but if you must - the Banana Cream or Key Lime cheesecakes are sure to curl your toes. ;)
3	I sooo wanted to dislike this place.  It just seemed kind of silly when I heard of people waiting two hours to eat at what I thought was essentially a TGIF.  I first ate here about ten years ago in Vegas and I remember not being terribly impressed.  And, this was at the time when I thought the ground round was formal dining.  That being the case I was sure I would be disappointed this time.  I had lunch here on Monday afternoon with a friend.  It was around 230 PM and it was on a Monday so they weren't that busy.  The space itself is very nice.  It's attached to Ross Park Mall and is very big with a large open air environment.  The booths are spacious and the place feels clean and has a lot of dark wood.  As soon as we entered we were greated with a big smile and a friendly host.  We were seated at a good booth and the server arrived promptly.  They had a fun selection of iced teas and I think I had the passion fruit iced tea, which was "unsweetened" but I didn't believe it needed any additional sugar.  I ordered a black bean soup that was the special.  It was about average and the consistency for me was a little too mushed.  The sour cream on top was a good amount without being overwhelming.  They had a huge menu which is always kind of scary because who can do so many things so well.  I ordered a "navajo" chicken sandwich.  The reason I wanted to try it is because the bun was native american fry bread.  My friend ordered a burrito.  The navajo sandwich was delicious.  The fry bread was light and airy and perfect for the sandwich, which was chicken breast and avocado mostly.  The chicken was a bit overcooked and dry.  The avocado was perfect.  I often order avocado and it's not ripe enough.  The fries were forgettable.  Lisa's burrito was as big as my head.  It was okay.  Definitely a very americanized burrito relying more on heavy sauces and cheese than distinctive ingredients.  I'm not a dessert person, but she ordered the oreo cheesecake (I think?).  It was good, but not as good as I would expect from the "CHEESECAKE" factory.  The service continued to be perfect.  I was really impressed with the staff here.  This place is definitely better than TG McFunsteres... But, probably still not worth a two hour wait.
2	the food was good, but vastly overpriced. were it $2 or $3 cheaper a plate, it would have been a++.
1	I visited here with my family, and thankfully the wait was not too long.  (I've visited the one in Columbus and the wait on a weekend is still 3 hours, years after it opened.)  We didn't think much of the atmosphere - it was quiet and very dark, almost to the point where you couldn't see what you were eating.I ordered a pasta but requested no nuts on top, due to my allergies, which I made clear to the waitress.  Because the restaurant was so dark, I didn't realize right away that there were nuts on it, but when the waitress came around again, I had to send my food back.  This always leads to awkwardness - do your dining companions keep eating, or do they let their food get cold while you're waiting for a new dish?  The manager apologized but we were still charged for the meal.  We thought the least he could do would be to comp it, as the whole incident considerably disrupted our dinner and it was the fault of either the waitress or kitchen staff.  But we decided to not make a fuss.  We ordered cheesecake to go, as we were full.Once I got home, I dug into my Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough cheesecake.  At the time (this was several years ago), the menu did not mention that the cookie dough contained walnuts.  There was no little asterisk, no caution from the waitress, nothing.  I probably should have asked, but normally chocolate chip cookie dough does not contain walnuts, and with food allergies on the rise I feel that a restaurant should warn its patrons.  I made a complaint on the website and received a $25 gift card.I haven't been back since, not because I'm boycotting but more because I don't find anything particularly fabulous about the menu and the wait times can be ridiculous.  But I did want to warn anyone with food allergies to be very careful about what they order, and to double-check with your waiter/waitress to avoid any bad reactions.
3	I have been to several cheesecake factories and like this one the best.The cuban sandwich is a delight.  Try it.  They also have some healthier options that are actually GOOD.  The last time I was there the waiter was a delight.  She worked really hard and did a great job.Yes, its probably pricier then it should be but the cheesecake factory doesn't pretend to be cheap.Get the heath bar cheesecake.  It's just that good.
2	I came here several years ago and had my only poor experience at a Cheesecake Factory.  I thought maybe it was just that I didn't order the proper items.  Over the years, I have learned what I like here and so as to properly rate, I ordered those items:Buffalo BlastsClassic Burger with Cheese (plain)First and foremost, the service was poor.  There are a bunch of "Wanna Be" GUPPIES that work at this place and they have that certain mentality where everything smells of roses.  This transferred from Host to Servers to Runners.  I am trying to understand why the Runners were so arrogant.  Have you ever seen a trash man get a snooty/snotty arrogance when he talks about his job?  Oh to see the day.  The server finally took our order after several minutes of waiting.  The buffalo blasts arrived and they were good.  Just as I remember them from every other Cheesecake Factore.  They are basically an empanada (or meat pie) filled with shredded chicken, cheese and some buffalo sauce.  There is some additional buffalo sauce on the side and some peppered blue cheese dressing brought along for dipping.  Yes, this was good.  It was the highlight of this meal.Our cheeseburger arrived.  I don't know what they did, but the flavor was off; it tasted as though they had saturated the bun in mayonaise or butter and then put it on the grill and then put additional fat on the hamburger patty.  I ate it, but I was less than thrilled with what was in front of me.I could have given this restaurant a 3 for the Buffalo Blasts alone, but the GUPPIES just ruined it for me.  I doubt they have ever lived in a true urban setting...pompous mules.
2	No complaints about the food, it was tasty and plentiful.  However, we had two major complaints about the service:1) We specifically asked the hostess for the quietest possible table. She said "sure", and then proceeded to seat us right next to the server's station, where they were constantly banging and crashing plates and silverware around. Numerous times I had to plug my ear with a finger to block out the noise.  This in itself pretty much ruined the meal.  2) The server was waaaay too "attentive". He was artificially perky and chatty and was constantly interrupting us with "how are things" and "don't forget to leave room for dessert", etc etc.   We had been trying to have a serious conversation over lunch but actually gave up on that due to the waiters constant (and unnecessary) interruptions. Between the deafening noise and the pushy server, we had a rather negative experience.Update Feb 21st:  I sent CF a link to this review. The manager of the location sent us a $15 gift card and an apology for our experience. We went back and had a nice dining experience. Food was great, waiter was not pushy at all. Thanks, Cheesecake Factory!
2	This is the first Cheesecake Factory in Pittsburgh. This location is in South Side Works. The service used to be so good when it first opened but now it's horrible! Most of the servers are spoiled college kids with snobby attitudes. Plus it's hard to find a parking space. They do offer valet parking and will validate your parking ticket for up to two hours if your parked in one of the surrounding garagesEven though this is the larger of the two locations there is allways a wait. The portions are large enough to share. The food is always good and hot and there's something for everyone. Some of my favorite appetizers are the Roadside Sliders, Southern Fried Chicken Sliders and the Firecracker Salmon. My favorite specialties are the Ranch House Burger, Steak Diane and the Grilled Shrimp & Bacon Club. My favorite cheesecake is the Dulce De Leche Caramel Cheesecake. It is absolutely amazing!  My favorite drinks are the Tropical Smoothie and the Frozen Iced Mango.They don't offer a kid's menu. But they do offer a complementary baby plate that consists of bananas, oranges and bread.
1	This is gonna be a short review. I can't think of any reason to recommend you eat here. Sure, it's hard to believe that a restaurant with the word cheesecake in its name could in any way disappoint. But believe it. This restaurant boasts of having 200 dishes on its menu. Points for variety? Nope, what this says to me is that instead of making a handful of dishes really well, they endeavor to make 200 mediocre ones. I've eaten here twice and sampled the entrees of my table-mates, so I'd say I've tried about 8 dishes. All were mediocre - neither great nor shitty. Think: the approximate quality of any decent hospital cafeteria food. At 3 times the cost. The desserts rank a bit better on the taste scale but not by much. The decor is gawd-awful.
2	(start rant)I don't like reviewing chain restaurants b/c well.... they're chains.  And the pro's / con's of a chain typically persist from restaurant to restaurant.  This review is no different.Cheesecake Factory has decent food w/ large portions.  There's something for everyone on the menu.  Except those watching their figure.  If you've never seen their nutritional information before and aren't in the mood to cry, stop reading.  For everyone else, read on.**********Let's start with a chicken quesadilla for an appetizer to split!  Oh wait, that's 1270 calories?  With 38 grams of saturated fat?  and 2270 mg of sodium?  Hmm, let's skip that and grab our entrees.I hear their Chicken Madeira is pretty tasty!  Oh hi there 1420 calories, 44 grams of saturated fat and over 2000 mg of sodium!  How about some pasta?  I hear their Bistro Shrimp pasta is legit!  Oh wait, it's 2290 calories and has 73 grams of saturated fat...  I guess I'll get some healthy seafood instead...  That miso salmon sounds good!  And so does the 1670 calories that come with it, along with its 39 grams of saturated fat and over a day's worth of sodium!  (note: none of these figures include any sides: add a mashed potatoes and you get an additional 560 calories)I think I'll stick with a salad...  how about the grilled chicken tostada salad?  The chicken is grilled so it HAS to be healthy right?  If 1130 calories with 2150 mg of sodium is healthy, then I guess so...  (here's a note of comparison: two Big Macs actually has less calories and sodium than this salad.)Add any slice of cheesecake and you have over a day's worth of calories and fat and sodium (all cheesecakes have at least 300 mg of sodium and some specialty desserts have over 1000 mg)**********I don't mind calorie laden food, but I'd rather save my calories for tastier food elsewhere.  Yes restaurant food is typically bad for you, but if I'm dropping $20-$30 for dinner at a place and it's going to be bad for me, the food better be delicious, and taking reservations might be nice too.  Since Cheesecake Factory doesn't take reservations and the food isn't all that great, I feel no remorse whenever I pass by Cheesecake Factory in lieu of other restaurants.(end rant)Okay Cheesecake Factory isn't the spawn of the devil as I had put it out to be, and it's not too bad for larger parties with picky eaters.  And it's not like I'm going to cry if I were to go back again and again, it just wouldn't be my first choice for dinner.... or second, or third, or fourth or fifth...Sorry ladies; you better pick somewhere else to go for that girl's night out if you want that killer beach bod in time for summer.
3	Breaking News! The Cheesecake Factory finally has a kids menu! It is for kids 10 and under and includes a drink (choice of a soft drink, milk, apple juice or lemonade) This is what is offered in Pittsburgh Food choices are: Roadside Sliders $5.50 Fried Chicken Sliders $5.95 Mini Corn Dogs $5.50 Pasta with butter & Parmesan cheese $3.95 with Marinara sauce $4.95 with meat sauce $6.95 with Alfredo sauce $6.95 Kids Quesadilla $5.50 with chicken $6.95 Mac & Cheese $5.50 Chicken Strips w/ fries $5.95 Cheese or Pepperoni Pizza $6.95 Grilled Cheese with fries $5.50 Grilled Chicken Breast with potatoes and a vegetable $5.95 Desserts are: Ice Cream $1.00 Mini Hot Fudge Sundae $2.00 Kid's Strawberries $2.00
4	I love this place . The food is always good and who can say NO to cheescake :) . I like best is the service . Knowlegable staff and very resourceful . The location is fantastic .  For more info ... Read Kristen 's review . She hit it right on .
3	My first time in a Cheesecake Factory was last week, when we had our office holiday lunch there.  I was struck by how...well....HUGE the place was.  I felt like I was in Honey I Shrunk the Kids, if that movie took place in some kind of pseudo-Tuscan sculpture garden.  Seriously, the building is enormous, the ceilings are waaaaay up there, and the food....I felt dwarfed by that as well.Our servers were super friendly, especially considering how challenging it can be to serve a party of twelve.  Everything came out quickly - surprisingly quickly - almost as if they predicted what we were going to order and had it waiting for us.  I'm assuming that isn't the case, and that all the food is just organized in such a way that any dish can be assembled in about 5 minutes.I had some bites of various appetizers, including the Fried Calimari, the Hot Spinach and Cheese Dip, and the Warm Crab and Artichoke Dip (which is technically a "small plate," not an appetizer).  I just realized how humorous it is that one of the dips is described as Hot, and the other as Warm.  They both tasted hot to me!  All the apps were okay - the dips were gooey (in a good way), the calimari was crispy.  Everything was a bit on the salty side, not surprisingly for a chain restaurant, but not unpleasantly so.  The Spinach dip was a little runny for my taste, but it tasted good!For my entree, I got the Cuban sandwich.  It had all the classic ingredients: pork, ham, Swiss cheese, mustard, pickles.  It also had mayo on it, which I didn't really care for - I know they do that in some restaurants, but I don't really think of it as traditional. And they were pretty heavy-handed with it.  Other than that the sandwich was all right - again, pretty darn salty.  My boyfriend ate the other half later and he really enjoyed it.  I think in retrospect, I should've gone with a different choice.For dessert, I had the Snickers cheesecake.  A good size slice, served unnecessarily with two huge scoops of whipped cream (seriously, what?  who needs all that?)  I really liked the cheesecake, but ended up taking half of it home, along with some of my coworker's pumpkin cheesecake which was also delicious.the prices are affordable, the service is uber friendly, the cheesecake is tasty, and the food is pretty reliable.  I'm not big into chains so I don't think I'd be keen to return, especially since they do have a heavy hand with salt, and because the food here is, well, massively unhealthy.  I found the nutrition facts on another website and, well, it scared me.  I can see why some people would really like this place, since they have a huge variety of things and big portions. Nothing really wowed me, but it was a fine place to have a company lunch!
4	Oh pumpkin pecan cheesecake, I love you.I've never had anything I didn't like and the service has always been efficient. The menu is extensive and there is something for everybody. My 3 sisters are the pickiest eaters ever and today they cleaned their plates! Prices are decent, the 4 of us had lunch and 3 slices of cheesecake and it was $75. It looks fancy but you can go in jeans and a t and feel comfortable
4	Had a very good experience here last night with a large group of about 10.  The food was very good, the usual Cheesecake Factory menu.  The service was what made the experience excellent though.  The waitress was very nice, she didn't even flinch when we asked her to split the check about 5 ways.
2	I think this place is overpriced for what you get. The servers were not that nice either. Not satisfied.
2	This place is a true piece of Americana, for gluttons, and overindulgence.Really? Does a lunch size portion of Mac & Cheese need to be over 3200 calories with over 100 grams of fat? Do chicken breast sandwiches need to look like the meat came from a chicken grown in Chernoble? Let's explore further, cheesecake without sugar? Makes sense for those who are diabetic. But let's really see who orders sugar free cheesecake. More than likely it's the people who devour the previously mentioned mac & cheese, then to ease that guilt, order the sugar free cheesecake, that has over 50 grams of fat because it's made with cream cheese and eggs., and served with a huge dollop of real whipped cream, which by the way contains SUGAR.             Ok, let me be fare, once in awhile this place can be good, like once every few months. I've eaten there and I used to be a big eater, and as a lover of food I was impressed by the portions. They are so big i could take most of the meal home and eat it for lunch and dinner the next day.It's a bit expensive, but for what you get it's worth the extra spending.
2	Very good cheesecake. Everything else is horrible...from the wait to the price to the decor. Pass
4	The food is consistent and very good. I have 2  favorites, louisiana pasta and the southwest chicken salad. Both are always excellent however I have noticed the amount of chicken in the lunch salad has become smaller. The portions are too large so my wife and I often split an entree. The vanilla bean cheesecake is perfect and during the holidays the pumpkin is worth a trip. The bad. They can't make a cocktail to save their life.you have to chill the martini glass first and if the alcohol is an inch below the rim you've done something wrong. I have attempted drinks here 3 times. Never again.Service is usually top notch.
2	My, oh my, oh my. What has happened to the Cheesecake Factory? Not that it was anything really special before, but it was at least always dependable. Good fresh HUGE salads and great cheesecake. Well, the salads are still huge, but that's about all I can say for the them. And the cheesecake? I wouldn't know. Suddenly, the flourless Godiva chocolate cheesecake is no longer gluten-free. What happened???!!! I ordered the Santa Fe salad, which I've had before and enjoyed, and got something not even resembling what used to be. The chicken is either chicken lunchmeat or they now shaaaave it so thin it can't be found OR tasted. The cheese was skimpy, the corn was almost nonexistent....there was LOTS of lettuce...oh, and one tomato quarter. Why bother? One of my dining companions ordered the Cobb salad. She had the same experience with skimpiness of ingredients. Where was the bleu cheese? She could barely identify any bacon pieces. There were TONS of hardboiled egg crumbles surrounding the plate, but nothing much else that should have been there....again, LOTS of lettuce. Oh, and the dressing was not discernible at all. After asking about the bleu cheese and dressing, the water brought over a small bowl of extra (?) bleu cheese and a small pitcher of dressing. The restaurant was not crowded at all, the service was slow and spotty. All in all, the three of us wouldn't bother going back again. No loss.  Not only that, we each had to pay $5 to park????  And there's nothing at Southside Works anymore anyway.
2	The South Side Cheesecake Factory is far worse than others.If you've ever been to Cheesecake Factory before, then you know what to expect:  a novel-sized menu, portions that could feed 3-4 people, and enough calories for one sitting, that most starving Haitians don't consume in a month.  That being said - my boyfriend and I know exactly what to expect; therefore, when we dine there, we try to cater to our own unique eating habits.  My boyfriend and I always go with the intention of splitting appetizers, because that's enough food in itself to satiate us.  We ordered the Thai Lettuce Wraps (which comes on a PLATTER - meaning its ENORMOUS), the Chicken Pot Sticker Dumplings, and Stuffed Mushrooms (from the "small snacks" menu, but even it being a "small snack" there were still 9 stuffed mushrooms).  Now I normally don't like to give a bad review of the place, based solely on the performance of the server.  I was once a server myself, for a good 12 years, and I know they are human, they have a butt load of sidework, and sometimes find themselves in the "weeds" when the crowd all rushes in at once.  I understand all of this and try not to let it effect the rest of my dining experience when we dine on a night like this.  However, when a server - or MULTIPLE servers on different occasions, are consistently rude and inattentive because we choose to ONLY order appetizers, is unacceptable.  And we have only experienced this attitude at the South Side location. The moment we said we were "just ordering a few appetizers", her body language and facial expression could have spelled out a symphony of harmonious disappointment and irritation.  Little did she know how low-maintenance/high-tippers we normally are.  I ordered decaf coffee and a water, my boyfriend ordered a hot tea and a water - but never once, not even after she brought our appetizers, did we ever see a glass of water.  I guess decaf coffee is supposed to be a delicate complement to Chicken Pot Stickers.   Plus - THE RACKET!!!!  All of the servers and the bussers are extremely clumsy with taking away dishes, and re-setting tables.  I think we heard about 5 dishes crack the 45 minutes we were there. The entire night, my boyfriend and I had to keep asking each other to repeat ourselves, because of all the dishes and utensils clanking every single second we sat there.  Basically, in restaurant talk - the FOH might as well have not existed because it was as loud as the BOH or HOH (the kitchen for normal speaking folk).  I know this is a corporate juggernaut, and I do know what I should expect upon going in one.  This place is definitely sub-par of it's corporate standards.  I'll stick with McKnight Rd if we ever venture for quick apps again.
3	After a long flight back to Pittsburgh, I decided to take out as oppose to buying groceries and making dinner. The South Side location like all other Cheesecake Factories that I have been to are grand in the decor. I do like the architecture on both the exterior and interior. After arriving inside, the main hostess greets me with a smile and points to where I would order out. The line was long and I was about 10-15 minutes away from getting to the front. The woman at the cashier was friendly and professional and offered the free bread with my order (yes please!). After 20 minutes, I got my eggplant sandwich with fries and bread and went home. Everything was delicious though by the time I got back to eat the sandwich it was soggy and the fries were nothing to rave about. I did as I always do enjoy the bread. Cheesecake Factory is a good restaurant that does the job (perfect to bring family since they offer many options to cater to everyone's taste buds and large portions) though I am unlikely to seek it out for a great meal.
1	This place is a fricking circus. Tried to meet a couple of my cousins there for dinner on a Saturday, and it was just complete bedlam from the minute you walk in the door. It was at least a 20-minute wait just to get up to the podium where they take your name down, so I went up there and was told it was an 80-90 minute wait from there to actually get a table. I asked if maybe the other people in my group had gotten there first and put their names down for a table ahead of me, but there was so much chaos that the hostess couldn't even understand what I was talking about, so I finally gave up. When I did get on the list for a table, it was so loud that they kept thinking my name was Fred, and when I asked if I could wait in the bar, I don't think they even heard me. I mean, the din is just unbelievable. If you do get a seat, you'll probably just be shouting at each other across the table all night.Right then, the rest of my group got there, and we decided, screw this place, who wants to wait in line for an hour and a half, and then when you finally do get a table the service is going to be terrible and it'll take forever because the place is so packed. So .. probably not coming back here ever.
4	To preface; I generally HATE chain restaurants. This however, is my favorite chain in the world. Huge variety, consistent quality, and a great bar. Oh yah, the light fixtures and marble/wood accents give the place a warm feeling. I've eaten at all the high end places in and around Pittsburgh: this place is a guilty pleasure. FYI: if you're a food glutton: come on in! The only negative with this place: cleanliness is less then perfect.
4	I always love eating here. It is a little overpriced but I've never gotten any food I didn't like or bad service. I'm partial to the chicken alfredo. Cheesecake Factory makes it the best. I usually bring my parents here when they come to visit from the State College area, where there is no Cheesecake Factory.
3	Food- Same as any other Cheesecake Factory.  My issue with this particular location is that they have a number of a-holes working there.  They walk by and make snide comments while you are eating. I was there once at closing- the waitress (who was great) was a little slow with the check and I was admittedly slow giving it back, so by the time I got it back, they were officially closed.    I sat to calculate the tip and two guys come by to clean the table next to mine and remark loudly "Man, where did the music go? Oh that's right, we're CLOSED!"That whole thing was completely unnecessary, and the worst is that the manager was there and said nothing.  I've worked in food service and retail, so I get it, but I have never shopped anywhere, eaten anywhere, or worked anywhere where people acted like that.  I complained to the manager about it today and he was very much apologetic, which I appreciated-hence the three stars instead of two.
4	I'm a fan of Cheesecake Factory because it is consistent with other Cheesecake Factories.  Menu, bread, drinks are exactly the same.  The portions are large and the food is always good.  Pricing is decent.  They have curbside service which is nice for carryout (at this location).   I read some of the other reviews and just like other popular restaurants especially cheesecake factory, you are going to have waits and sometimes you will have bad service.  This was my first time at this location. I have been to Cheesecake Factories from DC to LA.  Service was initially slow considering it wasn't that crowded, but my food came quickly.  They also validate 2 hours of parking.
3	The food is ok, not exactly the greatest I've ever had. When I walk in just by looking how decked out the place is, I think I'm gonna get amazing food but I didn't. It's a little over priced. The only thing I really appreciated about the cheese cake factory is their cheesecake. Banana cheesecake, coconut cream pie cheesecake, tirimisu cheesecake, the list goes on and on of awesome cheesecakes that they rock at making. Id go their just for the cheesecake. The place is packed on the weekends...too packed for me. Overall ok place.
2	I would rather eat cardboard with a little seasoning salt on it, there have another meal here at the cheese cake factory.  My last time here I ordered a pasta dish the pasta was dry and the tomato sauce did not adhere to the noodles.  Aladdin's cheese cake better any way .
3	As far as chain restaurants go, Cheesecake Factory is among the better choices you'll find. Yes, the menu is ridiculously large. Yes, the wait for a table is ridiculously long, but you're typically in for a decent meal...especially when you eventually find those one or two dishes that actually resonate with your own taste buds. Of course, that's not an easy task.It's a good place to take people because they have something for every taste in their menu, but until you find some go-to choices, you could easily be disappointed, as my wife and I will tell you...it's hardly worth the hour or hour-and-a-half wait, but without the wait, it's a great place for a quick bite.Also, even when you find your favorite dish, a great meal is never guaranteed. For me, the orange chicken is excellent, but it's a 50-50 toss-up whether or not they'll get my side right. I simply ask for STEAMED carrots, as I can't stand the oily vegetables the meal usually comes with, but I'm often served exactly the side I described disliking upon ordering. Generally, the wait staff that I have is nice about it, and immediately fixes it, but it's still frustrating that they get it wrong so often.Known for their epic portions, and yummy cheesecake, neither are misleading reputations. Most meals, even in lunch portion, are so gluttonous that you'll likely be taking leftovers with you. Especially at the cost, you're not going to want to just waste your meal.Aside from the few issues that I've mentioned, I've had way more positive meals and experiences at Cheesecake Factory than not. They do a surprisingly good job with almost every dish, and considering the numerous cooking styles the chefs are responsible for preparing, that's an impressive feat. It's generally a safe bet for a decent meal. Not to mention, I do like quite a few of their appetizers. The ahi carpaccio, although a little heavy on the sauces, is really good, as are the factory nachos and avocado eggrolls. My other favorite thing is the unsweetened iced green tea. I can drink that all day. Regardless, you're probably only there for dessert anyway, and that's the one area that I've never been disappointed in. Best cheesecake ever? I wouldn't go anywhere near that far, but it's as rich and fulfilling as you'd expect, and should please the majority.
3	One does not simply walk into the Cheesecake Factory! The reasons are twofold. First, the columns look like the eye of Sauron (see picture). Second, the wait for dinner is always at least 20 minutes. On a weekend night, expect to wait about 45 minutes to an hour. Boy and I attempted to go to the CF on a Friday evening and were given an hour plus wait time. We decided to go to the Claddagh instead (but that's another review). We went back on Sunday evening, and it was still very crowded. We waited for about 20 minutes at the bar.My biggest peeve with the Cheesecake Factory, however, is the menu. It's as thick as a Dickens novel! In social science, they call the weariness one gets from having too many choices "analysis paralysis." I felt this in abundance. Finally, I settled on a turkey burger with a side salad and my very lovely boyfriend chose the meatloaf.  We split an appetizer of nachos. The nachos were ok, but they were quite bland despite it being topped with jalapenos. I enjoyed my turkey burger and salad, but my ever-so-handsome boyfriend didn't like his meatloaf much.  I think they snuck some mushrooms into it. I found it to be overly salty. *Boy grew very upset and outwardly showed his displeasure at having mushrooms in his meatloaf. He hopped onto the table and screamed "My PRECIOUS meatloaf!" A waiter shortly stopped by to assuage the angry customer, but boy bit his finger off and took the ring he was wearing.  Using this one ring, boy was now free to move invisibly about the kitchen, removing every mushroom in sight. After he had completed this task, he destroyed the evil ring in a bubbling pot of artichoke dip.  Some eagles came and took us back to the South Side, having strangely been absent for the first two parts of our dining experience.*Oh, we also shared some Snickers cheesecake. It wasn't anything to write home about.
5	I went here for Friday dinner and the day after for Saturday lunch. This is how much I LOVE this place. The Cheesecake Factory has such a huge list on the menu, I feel like I could go here for a month and still not get the same food. The atmosphere is great for families, friends, dates  and just anyone! And also as a bread addict, I cannot skip mentioning about their wheat and sourdough bread. This place truly has the best bread. Getting their organic coffee after a HUGE meal w their decadent Kahlua cheesecake is another great part too. I don't think any entree has disappointed me here. It's definitely my favorite franchise family restaurant. MUST GO!
2	I have previously enjoyed this place but tonight, it was bad...heres the storyHello,We visited your restaurant for our 2nd wedding anniversary, because we have always enjoyed our food and time there.  However, tonight was a bit disappointing.  My husband spent more than i would have on his dinner, a steak and it showed up on a small plate, with basil or something, that looked old. The steak itself had lots of fat on it he had to trim off himself, and the steak overall did not taste great.  This was after waiting about 5 minutes for our server to notice we were not eating because my husbands side dish had not arrived.  When she finally brought it over it was plain french fries! Are you kidding me?!  For $25.00!!!  What a joke.  They looked like frozen, out of a bag fries.  Secondly our service was pretty bad, we asked for straws, they were pretty much thrown at us, and so was the bottle of ketchup.  Wasn't the nice dining experience we were hoping for.
4	Our appetizer was the firecracker salmon and it was AMAZING. They taste and texture... And even the cabbage it came in was good! No complaints on that!I was feeling a salad so i got the Carlton salad and it was pretty damn good. The tangerines on it were super juicy and tasty and there was no issue with the greens. The only problem was there was barely any chicken on it! For a 12.00 salad i expected a little bit more. But all in all was satisfied.The cheesecake, ohhh the cheesecake. I got the red velvet cake cheesecake and it was to die for. Thw cake part was super moist and the rest was rich and creamy. I refused to waste one bite!Our server was great, had a good sense of humor and was very attentitive. We went at like 12:30 so there was no wait and everything came out fast.
2	The menu is so large one immediately begins to wonder if they can do anything well.   Jack of all trades, master of none.  However, as far as chains go, and I lump them in with places like Red Lobster, Olive Garden, etc. I have to say they do decent job.  I had the stuffed mushrooms to start, they were covered in a cheese sauce that didn't need to be there.  My dinner was a piece of overcooked salmon, that I am still not really convinced that it was actually salmon.  The portions are huge, which seems to delight the typical Pittsburgher for some reason, though not me.  The wait staff was attentive, though I the wait for bar drinks took some time.  I didn't try the cheesecake but from what I hear it is good.  We had a table of 13, and didn't take reservations  which is a little frustrating.
4	In my opnion, this place is one of the nicest and fanciest chain restaurants in all of the land.  Yes, their prices may be high, and I absolutely agree with Joe that the nutrition of their items are outrageous, but where you want to go somewhere to splurge, this is a pretty good place to do it.  The menu is almost overwhelming, and they keep adding more and more items to it.  Actually they did recently just come out with a skinnylicious menu, so that might answer some negative complaints about their portions and nutrition. By the way, did we even talk about the cheesecake?  Yes, it is amazing, and yes, they do have an assortment that will keep you wondering which one you want to choose.
5	cheesecake is great....
4	Food and drinks are always great! I'm a little hesitant going to chain restaurants, but this place is awesome!Every time I come here, the food is perfection! I always opt for the tomato basil pasta. I've had the meatloaf (great!), ahi(tuna) tar tare (fabulous!), Godiva cheesecake (descendant), cosmopolitan (strong!). If you and your dining guests are indecisive on where to eat... this is the place to go! Everything you can possibly think of if listed on the menu in some form. The waiter we had this time around seemed new. He was very friendly, but needed more experience. My only real complaint is the wait and the reservation guidelines. Basically, you have to reserve before 11am (if you're a large group), or wait in the main area for hours before getting a table after 7PM on a weekend. This is a major restaurant to go to in the Pittsburgh area apparently. If you go on a weekend, I would suggest getting there between 5:30 and 6:30 to avoid waiting forever.
4	I remember excitedly trying The Cheesecake Factory eight years ago in Atlanta and have been enjoying this chain restaurant ever since! I work close to this location in South Side Works and really enjoy going here for lunch and cheesecake. However, I think their dinner entrees are a bit overpriced and underwhelming, and since the wait times can get long, I wouldn't personally get dinner from here.Based on lunch and dinner, I would only rate this restaurant three stars. However, I think The Cheesecake Factory deserves four stars for the environment and desserts. I've enjoyed the majority of the cheesecakes that I've tried since first going here eight years ago, including -- Oreo Dream Extreme, Ultimate Red Velvet, Godiva, White Chocolate Raspberry, Adam's Peanut Butter Cup, Craig's Crazy Carrot Cake, etc. I highly recommend dropping by The Cheesecake Factory around 9-10pm on the weekend to eat cheesecake, have coffee or a drink, and hang out with friends.
4	Food was good and the cheesecake was great too! I got there for happy hour so my drinks were 5$, not too bad.
4	I'll start off by saying that this was my first time venturing to The Cheesecake Factory and I had heard many rumors of the unhealthiness of the food. I ordered a buffalo chicken sandwich and I figured that since I was going to take a hit between that and a slice of cheesecake, I should get a salad with balsamic vinaigrette as my side. The sandwich came out and it was the greasiest thing I have ever eaten. The bun tasted like it had been deep fried and then soaked in oil overnight - completely unnecessary. To my astonishment, my salad came out with a cream-based balsamic vinaigrette. There's just no reason to put cream in everything. That being said, the service was spectacular and my slice of coconut cheesecake was ridiculously good. Overall - great service and cheesecake, insanely unhealthy food. Still a good place to go, but I would probably stick to dessert next time.
4	Excellent place to go too. I ordered wings as an appetizers expecting them to be ok but they were actually one of the best wings I have ever had. The spaghetti portion was small for 2 people but it would be w lot for one. The cheese cake was one of the best my girlfriend ever had but maybe not the best even though its called the Cheesecake Factory. Like personally I do not like Buffalo Wild Wings wings and I find them to be mediocre but the cheese cakes are amazing. Definitely place to try, it can get busy, but when it is not, the service is excellent. Expect to bring t least 40 bucks because it will be spent. It's kind of expensive but when you look around inside then you can understand that the environment says that it's going to be. It's worth 4 stars.
4	As always, the Cheesecake Factory did not disappoint.
4	i'm a fan of the cheesecake factory in general. i always hear that the quality of food is just not worth the price, etc. i've had amazing and iffy dishes here, but overall, i think the price is pretty reasonable for the amount of food you get and i'd say the majority of the dishes i've tried here i've liked. oh and, if you've never had it, you HAVE TO try the cheesecake. every flavor i've had, i've loved.now, about this location specifically. parking is kind of a pain unless you're ok with parking in the garage. this location is pretty big but always busy, so be prepared to wait at least a few minutes. but i've always had good servers here. knowledgeable, nice, and a sense of humor. i'd recommend this location, especially for your first cheesecake factory experience.
4	I'm not a huge fan of going to dinner there based on how busy they are. I do though love calling for curbside pickup. On nights that's its snowing and cold out its fun to just pull up and not have to get out if your car.
2	Its Cheesecake Factory....been to one, you've been to them all.
4	The Cheesecake Factory is about 1 hr & 10 mins away from me. I live in Uniontown, so I love to travel to Pittsburgh every now and then for a wider variety of restaurants, shopping malls, and more. This place is to die for! I had a spicy chicken sandwich with fries, which was HUGE! Great size for the price! And of course, the main reason I go is the cheesecake. Oh my God. The Reese's Cheesecake is heaven. The building is gigantic, and beautiful. It has a nice patio, and a garden area to sit down in. Plus, all of the shops downtown make it a great, and busy spot! Which is the only downfall, it is way too busy! I waited an hour and a half just for my friend and I to eat here, but in the end, it was well worth it!
3	Good food, the size of the noodles is super large.
5	The Cheesecake Factory is one of the better chains in the area. The pricing is expensive but the food is worth it. Very tasty food and big enough portions that you will be able to get another meal out of the leftovers.
3	I've been to The Cheesecake Factory a few times now. Somehow I always end up going on the weekends and it's always so packed. Their foods are OK. To me, the menu isn't all that great mainly because I come here just for the finale... aka the cheesecake! Lol. However, recently I tried to Shrimp & Chicken Gumbo and omg, it's delicious! I also love the bread that they give you at the beginning. Overall it's an OK restaurant to come if you're around the SS area and/or craving cheesecake! :)
5	The menu is massive.Sarah T was a patient and attentive server.The food was plentiful, well seasoned and casually prompt.We'll be back!
4	THE NAME SAYS IT ALL~!! I love, love, did I mention LOVE cheesecake!!  Oh, and don't they got a large selection of them.  Yes, it's over ten dollars for one slice.  Still that slice is so decadent and rich!! It's worth every penny!!Then onto the food, I think the menu is a BOOK!  Their main characters in this novel of a menu is GREAT FOOD.  I got me the twisted salted pretzel spiked milkshake, drizzled with caramel.  These meals are not everyday meals, but special occasions.  This place is well worth the money!!  Then I got chicken taco's, and the hubby got some yummy mexican dish with those delectable black beans.  Other times I've tried the portabella sandwich, that proved to be so tasty that I think I got it twice from there.  Cheesecake factory isn't just a restaurant, it's a experience.  There ambiance is superb, relaxing and just beautiful architecture.  This place has a upscale feel, in a laid back vibe.  I just LOVE IT~!!  Since this place is popular, and we have only a few scattered over Pittsburgh, there may be a wait time.  Especially on weekends.  Trust me, it's worth it!
1	AVOID!! AVOID!! AVOID!!I have always enjoyed The Cheesecake Factory chain and have dined at several of their establishments along the East Coast.  Sadly, my experience at this particular establishment was by far the worst in my life.My family had planned for weeks on eating at the Cheesecake Factory in South Side for my brothers college graduation dinner.  We called ahead and were told you could not make reservations.  Upon our arrival there were only a few groups waiting.  We were told it would be a 40 minute wait.  This was expected since we had a party of 8.  However, while waiting we noticed some groups seemed to have special treatment and had been allowed to make reservations.  We checked on the wait several times and were continuously told we were next.  They even went as far as to tell they were pushing tables together.  We watched as party after party who had arrived after us were seated.  Even large parties of 20, 12, and 9.  After an hour it was clear something was wrong.  My brother, who was supposed to be celebrating his graduation, questioned the hostess on the protocol of seating customers.  She assured we were next and that it was first come first serve.  He pointed out that everyone who had arrived after us has been given tables.  She said he was wrong and that we would be next.  2 minutes later she seated a party of 9 before us.After waiting an hour and never being given a table.  Our entire party walked out unfed and angry.  It's a shame that loyal paying customers would be treated that way.Grab a slice of cheesecake to go and head elsewhere for dinner.
2	I feel a little silly rating this chain but here's my justification:For some reason, I don't know why, but the Cheesecake Factory in King of Prussia was amazing, and I expected the same when I went to the one in South Side. I was horribly disappointed. Not only was the atmosphere a little different, the food wasn't as good as I had remembered. I'm willing to pay a pretty penny for a nice meal but this was way overpriced for what they were serving you. The portion sizes at South Side weren't as generous either. This place is a quintessential American restaurant so don't expect anything "exotic" or unique. You can pretty much get their food at a diner for half the cost.There is one redeeming quality for the Cheesecake Factory - the cheesecake. Everything else on the menu you can skip, but if you want to lull yourself in a sugar coma the cheesecake here is your calling. While it is still overpriced for their cheesecake, splurging every once in a while didn't kill me.
4	If you like things overdone, then the Cheesecake Factory is for you.The menu is HUGE.  The positive is that it offers tons of choices so even the pickiest eater can find something.  The downside is that it can be very difficult to choose unless you are in the mood for something in particular. This location has a large seating area and also offers outdoor patio seating.  We went on a Thursday evening and were able to be seated right away.  Service was friendly and efficient.  She was attentive but not intrusive.   We tried the Buffalo Bites and the fried macaroni and cheese.  The Buffalo Bites were more than enough for a meal by themselves.  There were a lot of them there.  The flavor is spicy but not over the top.  One of my favorite items on the menu.  We also tried the macaroni and cheese balls.  They were tasty and although it doesn't seem like a lot (especially compared to the number of buffalo blasts) they are filling and worth ordering.Entrees were pasta and the chicken bam bam.  Both portions were HUGE and enough to serve at least two or three people.  The positive on that was leftovers for two additional meals.  Both were flavorful and we would order both of them again.  Not that either of us had the room for it, but we both ordered cheesecake.  I went for the red velvet cheesecake and my husband ordered the cherry cheesecake.  Topped with a generous dash of whipped cream, the size of the pieces was substantial (as they should be for $7 a slice).  They were tasty and stood up well to being eaten several days later as part of our leftovers.I was disappointed they discontinued the salted carmel pretzel drink, but other than that, this was a top notch visit to the Cheesecake Factory.
2	This is a disappointing Cheesecake Factory establishment. The service and food are sub-par compared to other Cheescake Factory locations. 3 encounters within past month:1. No greeting from waitstaff for 2+minutes upon entry. Supersized fly landed into appetizer dipping sauce during visit 1. Avocado eggrolls overly spicy, to point of burning mouth. 2. Take out order - was told 20 minute waits; wait ended up 30+ minutes. But hey, it happens. Ordered sweet potato fries as a side (I had the best ever sweet potato fries at Boston's Prudential Center Cheescake factory, and was used to the service there) - tasted like disgusting mush; were put into a paper bag so all moisture got trapped.No response from Cheesecake factory headquarters about this. 3. Attempted to place a take out order. Was asked, 'could I place you on a brief hold?' Sure...but after 2+ minutes on hold, I'm like, forget about this place. It's 3 strikes, and Cheesecake Factory Southside has struck out. What a shame.Maybe I'll stop by just for the occasional slice of cheesecake, but count me out for anything else.
4	Always good service and a good meal. Packed with calories but you know that going in right? This time I had the Macaroni and Cheesburger..It was fab! I had my usual Arnold Palmer and an early Sam Adams Oktoberfest beer...I took a togo bag with a slice of White Chocolate Cheesecake. Excellent!
1	EDIT: I am lowering the score from 2* to 1* because while it's forgivable that the FOH staff spilled something on me and my party's clothing, it isn't okay that they simply don't bother to fix that problem going forward. The manager gave us two business cards after being splashed with buffalo sauce and said that if we mailed the receipts for dry cleaning with those cards it would be reimbursed. We sent in two receipts (my fiance and I) with bills totaling $22 but after 2 months have received nothing back. I have worked as a waiter for years and I get these things happen but it is incumbent on the management staff to resolve these issues and I think the poor job they did trying to fix the situation is indefensible. Meh!This place is just silly and expensive for the quality. Quick thing about the restaurant: Why make waiters wear all white? EVERY server's uniform has visible stains. I have waited tables for years so I get how this happens all the time when you are bussing plates so have the waiters wear darker colors (or enforce uniform standards, there is no way all the waiters came in with clean clothes given the universal level of dirtiness). Also, a waiter dropped a thing of buffalo sauce on the floor near us which exploded on both me and one of the people I was with's white shirts, the restaurant offered to pay for dry cleaning, but I kinda think that there should be a comped desert or something as well. The dry cleaning (if effective) is an inconvenience for me which gets me back to where I was before I came in, I think that offering a dessert is something to make up for the inconvenience of making me and my dinner guest have to go to get our clothes dry cleaned. Perhaps I expect too much.About the actual food: it's just not anything worth paying the price for. I had Bang Bang chicken and shrimp, it was labelled as spicy and I asked for it to be extra spicy, there was no spice at all. My fiance had orange chicken. It was plain and less than one would expect from a basic chinese take-away.The other person we were with ordered meatloaf, it was actually ok but the mashed potatoes were cool by the time it was run to our table.I honestly think that the restaurant just has too many things on that menu to get all of the items right.Positives: the iced tea was good (this matters a lot to me) as were the mojitos the ladies ordered. Two of our deserts were great (I guess this is really why people go here), the tiramisu cheesecake was still thawing when it was brought to us so it was a bit hard in the middle.
4	If you enjoy Cheesecake Factory food & ambiance, this is a good one. Popular Friday night spot in a fun area of town, folks were dressed in their good-doin' clothes - maybe it was the day of the week, but it felt more upscale than most CF's. The lemon-dill salmon was amazing & I'm sure I could eat a big bowl of their mashed pots. Cheesecake (white chocolate raspberry truffle, this time) was amazing. Exceptional service at a place that generally does food & service well; overall great experience.
2	The only time I visit the Cheesecake factory is for lunch. Normally this place gets very crowded and you have to wait for a table.I love the warm brown seed bread they serve with their meals. The lunch time portions are almost as large as the dinner portions but is quite filling.You do have to pay for parking but if you park in the garage they will validate you for $2.00 off your ticket.As far as the cheesecake goes, it's fair. I have had genuine NY cheesecake that lays on my stomach. This type is ok but not what I am used to.I normally will visit when family and friends want to go there but it isn't a place I would choose for myself.
5	My boyfriend and I went out for dinner there yesterday night while enjoying a nice night out together, and after our terrible experience with the place we had chosen for lunch, The Cheesecake Factory was a relief. Our service was exceptional, Laura waited on us and she couldn't have done a better job. She was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and let us take our time and choose what we wanted. Everything was absolutely delicious from the Georgia Peach I ordered from the bar menu to the S'mores Cheesecake I had for dessert. Keep it up CCF always a good choice and we will definitely be back!Yummy - Orange chicken leftovers!!
4	Normally very busy. I usually sit at the bar or grab a slice of the White Chocolate Red Velvet cheesecake. The wings are good, but that's only as far as I've went eating wise. I can't remember the name of the bartender but she made a good margarita! Drinks and Cheesecake are my go to.
4	Lately, things have improved - decided to give this place another chance after getting gift cards for filling out survey. Meal quality now consistent, take-out service improved (weekends are understandably quite busy here). Back to being a regular  yay!
3	Not a fan of chains, but I got a gift card for Christmas. I was surprised that they had a decent gluten free menu, including gf bread/buns and pasta. I ordered gf pasta tossed with veggies and pine nuts, enough for 3 portions. It was good and all of the vegetables were cooked nicely. The appetizer was tamale cakes topped with corn, avocado, and sour cream. They were tasty, but heavy and filling. For dessert I ordered the Godiva flour less cheesecake, the only gf cheesecake on the menu. It was great!Drinks and wines are grossly over priced and the price is something like $10.89 or $7.50 ... Anything with cents in the price bugs me. There was only a 10 minute wait for a table and the ginormous bar was practically empty, and made out wait more comfortable. Overall, service was ok, food was ok.
4	Brenda took great care of us.  The menu is daunting but get yourself a glass of wine and a grilled artichoke and peruse until you hit your target.  Even after several years of high traffic, the place is still clean and well maintained.
5	Your classic Cheesecake Factory.  All of the food items I've ever had here were good, exactly what you'd expect from the Cheesecake Factory.  I love the location in Southside Works, close to shopping and other nightlife.  The service has always been great here too.  Overall, a good experience and I'll definitely be back.
3	The main reason I am giving this restaurant three out of five stars is because of their wait times. The wait times here are absolutely atrocious and they do NOT take reservations which I find absolutely ridiculous. It's their company policy that there is not wait times, however, this location is the only Cheesecake Factory in Pittsburgh and gets too much attention and they should start doing it. I like to take my 62 year old mother here and she does not want to wait over an hour to get a seat when on medication and with a bad hip. We came here once before a concert to to see the Transiberian Orchestra. They told us the wait would be 45 minutes and we waited 1 hour and 15 minutes and eventually left. The second time was today, after the failed to take my reservation I walk in and the place was packed like sardines. I didn't even bother asking how long of a wait, as it was probably over an hour. My moms birthday dinner was fast food now because this place (as well as it's surrounding restaurants) are all too busy. I don't know what it is about the south side, people just love this area. I love the food here and that's the reason it's popular. Their chicken marsala is hands down the best dish I've ever had at any restaurant, beating out traditional, family owned restaurants and the works. The cheesecake as well is their mean thing, it's excellent and although severely overpriced they at least give you a huge slice. They've got a huge menu to pick from and their alcohol is also excellent with probably the best margarita's I've ever had.If you want to eat here, I recommend going on a secluded business day when everyone is working. in the past, I used to get seated in 10-20 minutes, but in the past couple months the wait times have been unacceptable. I also don't trust how well their cooks and staff can keep up with so many people if they cook the food well enough, I mean this place gets stupidly busy.
3	Always crowded on the weekend and of course that's when they do not take reservations. Much better for lunch because it's a better price and the portion is closer to what I would like. Every time I go I share the barbecue ranch chicken salad with my friend because it's delicious(even during lunch time we can't finish it). Too expensive, too much food, and too long of a wait.
2	Cheesecake factory take 2: Southside location this time.I still hate it! After my previous review on the Ross park location, I declared that I would never be back. Joke's on me though, because someone though we would love a Cheesecake Factory $50 gift card for our anniversary. -.- Thank you SO MUCH. I'm not trying to be ungrateful, but I made it pretty well known that if you wanted to give us gifts, make it Home Depot gift cards or cash. This weekend, we figured we'd get it over with. Yes. It's actually painful to eat here, even when it's for free. After waiting for an hour, we got seated, then were asked to get up so they could move our table. Then they put in other little tables an arm's length away. I imagine this is so that everyone could eavesdrop on how everyone else's date was going. Very thoughtful of them. I think the couple on our left probably won't be going out again. The dude was trying real hard, but there's only so much small talk you can do before it starts to become awkward, and the girl he was with was just not doing anything to help him out. I'd dump her...We got an app, crab wontons. The filling tasted like mustard, which wasn't even in the description, and the dipping sauce was bland. Very boring. Tyler said he prefers the ones I make at home, and they're a hot mess. For my meal, I got the chicken Baja tacos. They looked beautiful. Unfortunately they were extremely tasteless and the chicken was dry. The best thing on the plate was the side of black beans and rice. I think I've figured out how this place works. They probably cook up mass portions of chicken and then just throw it on whatever meal it goes with. I doubt anything is cooked to order or marinated. It tasted old and dry and the seasoning it had on it did nothing for it. I actually tried to make it better by tossing some salt on it. No one should ever, EVER, have to salt a taco.We skipped cheesecake since I was disappointed in it last time and instead shared a dulce de leche caramel shake. That was the best part of the night! Service was a little rushed and impersonal, but what can you expect with a restaurant this huge and messy? If I ever get another gift card for this place, I'm giving it back or giving it away. This is just a bad idea of a restaurant and that's all there is to it. It's level of success will remain a mystery to me, like the Bermuda Triangle or the Loch Ness monster.
5	I love coming here. Not only is it a beautiful and clean restaurant, but you get so much delicious food for your money. And obviously their cheesecake is amazing!!! I don't think I've ever had a bad meal or bad service here. Just make sure to get there early or there will be a line!
4	I can never give Cheesecake Factory a 5-star until they change their facility design (the hellish din when they are busy is what keeps me away most of the time.)  But I spotted an opportunity to dine al-fresco here at their South Side location and took full advantage.What we found so great was that CF has implemented a "skinnylicious menu", and it surely is skinnylicious.  We loved our meals, they were tasty and low in calories (because low in carbs, IMO)  Hats off to you guys, I'll be visiting again whenever you're not busy or I can dine outside of your horrible echo-chamber dining rooms!
2	I was so looking forward to going to the Cheesecake Factory because we do not have one anywhere close to Albuquerque, NM.  I did not go to this particular location on 27th, but did go to the one in Ross Park Mall.  What a MAJOR disappointment.  The food was WAY TO expensive, not tasty at all, and the service was the slowest I have ever experienced.  2 1/2 hrs. in a restaurant to eat a burger and piece of cheesecake is ridiculous.  Also, I did not think the cheesecake was all that great for $8 a slice. PLEASE DO NOT COME TO ALBUQUERQUE.
2	My visit at the Cheesecake Factory was not for the obvious reasons. For National Cheesecake Day, the Cheesecake Factory was offering half-off a slice of cheesecake which was the only reason I went. There was a line to get to the hostess but she did a great job keeping everything in order. I only had to wait thirty minutes to get seated. Our waiter was very personable and knew about the new cheesecake flavor that came out that day. I was pleasantly surprised that we got complimentary bread. Of the two options, I liked the wheat better than the white. For my cheesecake, I chose the fresh strawberry cheesecake. It was not bad nor awesome. The cream part of the cheesecake was smooth but did not have the flavor of cream cheese. The graham cracker crust did not hold up well. I did not know that the fresh strawberry cheesecake cost slightly more than the other more elaborate cheesecake so I was slightly shocked when my bill came. The mediocre cheesecake did not make me want to come back here anytime soon.
5	My Girlfriend and I went for just dessert and we were greeted promptly and waited on in under five minutes the food was perfect I will be back again and again and the parking garage was free up to 3 hours. That also made the experience more pleasant.
4	I wanted to take advantage of half price cheesecakes day and enjoyed a dine-in meal.  After thumbing through the book of a menu, I decided to save room for the cheesecake and ordered the small sizes chicken sliders and zucchini fries along with happy hour Mojito (my favorite mixed drink)! Even their small portions are sufficient! After eating that meal, I was so stuffed that I didn't eat my cheesecake until the next day! Whew, their food is fresh and awesome! The cheesecake was delicious btw and well priced! If you have a big appetite, you will enjoy their variety, fresh food and cheesecakes!
3	I came here last Wed. to get a 50% off slice of cheesecake, since they were running a promo for Nat'l Cheesecake Day.  I opted for takeout since I wanted to sit by the river to eat my cheesecake, and things were a bit hectic due to the promo.  I decided to try the new lemon meringue cheesecake, since I was in the mood for something on the lighter side.  Due to the crowd, it took about 5 min. for the cheesecake to come up, during which time I used the restroom (to the left of the take out counter).  Though I've never dined in in this location, the dining space was quite cavernous.When my cheesecake came up, it was served to me in a bag.  I asked the woman serving me if a fork and napkins were had been included, and she said they were.  Despite this, when I sat down and removed the contents, no napkins were in the bag.  (This wasn't a huge deal, however, since I'm not a big napkin user--on the other hand, missing the fork would have necessitated having to go back.)  When I opened the box containing the cheesecake, it was slightly squished on one side due to how it had been loaded into the bag, and some of the meringue stuck to the side of the box.  Speaking of which, the meringue application wasn't nearly as polished as it looks in the official photo, and for a cheesecake inspired by lemon meringue pie, I was expecting it to have quite a bit more volume--as it were, it was a thin, flimsy foam.  The filling, on the other hand, was quite creamy and delicious, with lots of lemony flavor.  I appreciated the garnishes of candied lemon peel on the whipped cream that comes with the cheesecake and of mint leaves, which I ate and chewed on, respectively.  Overall, despite that its visual appeal left something to be desired, I enjoyed this piece of cheesecake, esp. for $4.25, and would recommend it.  In fact, I'd be willing to award 4 stars, but for the appearance of the slice and the lack of sufficient meringue.  3.5 stars.
4	My first cheesecake factory experience. It's beautiful design and friendly staff added to the delicious meal and incredible cheesecake. The staff was on the ball. We had an enjoyable time. Couldn't eat all the cheesecake... great treat later!
4	It's pretty good. I'm pretty sure it is a knock-off of The Cheesecake Warehouse in the Seattle area.
2	The cheesecakes are good and the setting is kind of fancy smancy, but that is all. Everything went downhill from that point. The Cheesecake Factory just intensifies my dislike for restaurant chains.  Now, let me whine, cry and complain. It's way too dark in there, how the heck am I supposed to read the menu? Are there sketchy stuff in the food that you guys don't want me to see? Also, it took nearly an hour for my food to arrive. My eating companions literally left the restaurant to walk around and when they came back, I'm still there nibbling on bread and butter. The frustrating part is that the restaurant was not even that busy. I got to try the avocado eggrolls, which were so bland. The Bang-Bang Chicken and Shrimp dish, which was just a super sweet curry dish. It looks kind of gross, but tastes ok. The Spicy Chicken Chipotle Pasta was not even spicy at all, but was actually the most edible dish on the table.  Overall, the long wait really turned me off and the food was not that impressive. I recommend this place for the tasty cheesecakes, and ONLY the tasty cheesecakes.
3	Went here last night with my family. I've never had issues with this restaurant before and again I didn't. The food is never too die for but you get big portions and the staff is usually very friendly and attentive. The 5 of us split two apps.. Chicken and mushroom lettuce wraps and avocado egg rolls. Both pretty tasty and it was a good amount to share between us and leave room for dinner. We all liked our meals too, my aunt was disappointed in the white chicken chili bc they said it wasn't spicy and it was and they also said it came with a side of rice. Well the rice was about a tablespoon on her soup. So that was far from truthful. Normally I like to try places that aren't chain restaurants, so when I read the menu here, which is almost TOO big, I sometimes get disappointed because it's almost like they try too hard to make different dishes. Hard to explain but I'm sure a lot of you feel the same. Once again, I didn't leave room for dessert. I do however recommend their red velvet cheesecake from the last time I was there. I also recommend the Cajun chicken littles and Cajun pasta with chicken asparagus peas and peppers.
5	I love this place. I've been eating here for years, and have been a regular customer this summer. I've tried a variety of dishes: burgers, chicken tenders, buffalo chicken blasts, chicken romano, California cheesesteak... all delicious. The only one I didn't really care for was a pasta dish. I think it was a 3 cheese pasta. The chicken romano is my favorite and I've ordered it my last few visits. All of the dishes are a little pricey (chicken romano $17), but the portions are huge. I always have enough for lunch the next day. Drinks are delicious as well, and I think the prices are comparable to other restaurants. About $10 per specialty drink (I recommend the Sangria and the Greorgia Peach). I don't drink much beer or wine, so I'm not sure about those.Onto the cheesecake... the Hershey's cheesecake = omg. It's a chocolate lover's dream. I also like the 30th Anniversary cheesecake. And I've tried both of the peanut butter cheesecakes, the Oreo cheesecake, and the turtle cheesecake. All good, but not enough chocolate for me! Cheesecake is about $8 a slice. (Tip: take-out slices are smaller. So order a slice to eat there, and then box it up if you can't finish. Yeahhh maybe I'm greedy, but if I'm spending $8 on a slice, I want my money's worth!)Overall, I spend about $50 each visit.I'd say that service is pretty good here. This goes for all restaurants, people: if it's busy, service might be a little slower. That's the risk you take when you go out on a Saturday night. But I've been here multiple times and I can't say that the service has ever been terrible.I agree with other reviews about the din. It can be hard to converse when it's busy. And they're right that the lighting is dim. But, like the Melting Pot, I think that's all part of the ambience.There is outdoor seating in the summer, and I'm all about outdoor seating. But this summer, there have been bands playing in front of the restaurant, and the music was so loud that we couldn't converse. This is my one and only gripe with this restaurant. I'm guessing that the bands are booked by South Side Works or something and has nothing to do with the Cheesecake Factory. But I wish they'd stop! Other than that, I'm a big fan of this place.
4	It's cheesecake factory! My team and I had a good time here. Our server was awesome. My only negative was that they took the Wasabi crusted tuna off of the menu. My meal: app: firecracker salmon (that red cabbage is soooo good)main (1 choice): wasabi-crusted tuna with white rice and veggies (discontinued dish)main (2nd choice): something (fish dish) not even memorable dessert (my fav): tiramisu cheesecake (YUM!)
3	This location is fine, but nothing special.As always, the cheesecake is totally delicious. We have definitely come here before just to order cheesecake to bring home. Last night, we were able to sit outside, which was a bonus, but the service was only OK. Our app plate was never cleared throughout dinner and drinks were on the slow side. I had to ask for a second drink because our server never came around and asked. I've had better....I've had worse. I'm a big fan of the avocado eggroll app, so when we come here that's always a given. I've you've never had it, I really recommend it! It's one of the best things on their menu and the dipping sauce is delicious. I'm hungry just thinking about them!I ordered the grilled fish tacos as my entree and they were pretty bland. There was no real flavorful sauce or even strong citrus flavor. They were fine, but I wouldn't order them again. Overall, it's a decent place to sit outside for drinks and some cheesecake. The atmosphere is nice and it wasn't too loud.
3	If you like excess, this is your place!   It got three stars because of stellar service; but overall, I just can't get behind this concept.  Let's start with the menu, which has over 100 options easy.   That's just too many.  Way too many.  It's 20 pages or so plus an insert.  It takes forever to read through, forever to decide, and I'm always wishing I'd ordered something else.   Then there are the portions.  This place is why Americans are fat.  And not even in a good way.   I ordered a barbecue ranch salad.  $14.95...fine cause it does have chicken and the menu description looked yummy.  But this salad was so ridiculously excessive that our whole table could have shared one for dinner and been full.  I ate a lot and barely made a dent...and let's be honest, dressed salad just isn't good the next day.   There is no reason to serve 8 pounds of salad.  Ever.   Cut it in half (maybe even 3rds) and charge me ten bucks.  And don't get me started on the skinnylicious menu...getting a few items to come it at under 600 calories isn't anything to brag about.   The cheesecakes are good; but again, sort of excessive.   25 options or so to choose from and no option for a smaller portion.    My fave is the dulce de leche, which is amazing.  I do love it and would go back for it, but I'd probably skip the meal.   If you decide to go to this location, David was an excellent server.   He took our large party antics in stride and offered up a great time.   He alone (and maybe the dulce cheesecake) could have rated 5 stars.
5	Came for dessert for a birthday. The cheesecake is of course, awesome. Portion s are HUGE. We split the cookie dough cheese cake a la mode. The ice cream is so good...the menu says its exclusively made for the Cheesecake Factory by Edys: YUM. It was all so good and one slice is definitely enough for two!  We sat on the outside patio and it was beautiful. Service was great and we were seated right away on a Saturday night at 10pm.  They even pre-split the cheesecake for us since they knew we were sharing, and my friends was decorated for her birthday with a candle and sprinkles! Nice touch, Cheesecake Factory.
3	Came here for dessert. Sat outside on a beautiful September evening. My friend and I didn't feel like drinking so we split the AMAZING chocolate chip cookie dough cheesecake al a mode. Holy smokes was it good. Even though we just split one cheesecake slice, our waiter was so attentive and fun. I know I'd be annoyed if we showed up and just split one dessert as a waitress!! Always a fun place, little over priced for meals, but a fun atmosphere. Fun with a group!
3	Have had the cheesecake but never been to the restaurant.  I knew the place as large and was wondering about the service.  Well the service was good.  They seem to use expeditors to deliver food, so it came out hot.  My Cuban sandwich was good.  It had the usual pork, ham, cheese and tasty pickle.  Had the sweet potato fries as the side that were your standard but good sweet potato fries.The SkinnyLisious menu had some interesting choices.  The Shrimp taco looked good, and the person that ordered it, was not about to share.  They received a really nice vegetable salad that had a somewhat sweet flavored dressing that was really tasty.
4	Great place for dates!!!! If your looking not too expensive, not to formal but delicious!!! This is the place. I love the cheesecake factory it was one of the very first "nice" restaurants i had been too. Well what I thought was nice at the time. The decor inside is great, nice clean tables with linens, yes that right linens! the MENU is EXTENSIVE. They have everything from Asian to American and all in between. The food is really good but not up-scale quality. Always nice plating presentation. I got the chicken pesto pasta dish (wish I could remember its name) none the less delicious. The cheesecake menu is elaborate and they always update the menu with specials added. The bill leaving with cheesecake dinner and app with complimentary bread was around 40.00, YES i said 40.00 for 2. Such a great date night dinner paired with a movie its sure to impress any ordinary lady. A little more about the interior is huge high ceilings with pillars and faux painting to make the insides look like old Tuscan themed buildings. the lighting is a blend between modern and fresco period and lights a set to dim. Each table has its own real lit candles. This is a great place for groups and family dinners birthdays etc. I usually don't fall into the trap of what I like to call COOKIE CUTTER restaurants but if I had to choose between the factory and any other place Ive ever went its in top 3! Plus there is so much on the menu to choose from your bound to satisfy any palette.
4	Food:The lunch special really surprised us. The portion was enormous. We ordered the Barbeque Ranch Chicken Salad and Spicy Chicken Chipotle Pasta. Spicy Chicken Chipotle Pasta: The pasta was kinda sweet yet spicy at the same time. We really enjoy it. Barbeque Ranch Chicken Salad: I kinda like the fried onion strings on top. It was very crispy and crunchy. However, there was too much dressing on the salad.  The only thing amazing about this place is their Ultimate Red Velvet Cake Cheesecake!! We are in love with it!Atmosphere and Service: Long wait time and the service was really slow. The indoor design is nice, but the outdoor building design looks much more amazing.Overall: Definitely recommend everyone to come try out their cheesecakes!
1	Tasted like they heated up a frozen dinner for us. soggy.
4	I know this place is a bit of a cliche, and yes, it's a chain, and blah, blah, blah, but I can't stop coming here.  Is it the 20 page menu?  The spacious establishment?  The delicious fresh bread that comes out while you wait for your entree?  Honestly, I think it is all those things, but for me, it's the one page "skinny" menu with the low cal/low fat options.  These healthy creations are not only tasty, but the portions are nice, and you have several options.  The "Skinnylicious" menu ranges from salads, to fish, to pasta, to steak, to tacos.  And the list goes on.  So yeah, I go to the Cheesecake Factory and I'm not mad about it.  I'd be remiss if I didn't mention that they have an amazing assortment of cheesecake.  I don't usually partake, but often I'm talked into sharing a piece with a friend or a group, and I've had some damn good cheesecake here.  My favorite is Oreo or cookie dough.  Or dulce de leche.  Or mango.  Ok, so maybe I do partake in the cheesecake.  But cut me a break, I saved oh so many calories by ordering from the Skinnylicious menu!
5	Jonathen was our bartender. He was awesome! Quick service, good drinks, and an overall very nice personality. Plus he's a hottie! He did pressure me into getting adams peanut butter cheesecake, which was an overall great choice... Lol
