4	Hubby likes this aquarium store more than I do. Apparently it is really improving from the first time he went a few months ago and they are heading toward a truly excellent and unique set-up. Some of the tanks are so radical I have never seen their equal in any other store.They have the best prices in town on aquarium pumps and coral-appropriate lighting systems. The staff ranges from owner & excellent to newbie who needs to filter everything through someone else. He has gotten a couple of nice coral pieces and a new healthy blenny, so we have high hopes for the continued quality of their livestock. Unlike other stores, you MUST wear gloves when combing through their live rock. I got horrible splinters of something in my hands. AZ Seabottom is in the same complex as Fogo e Brasa and their hours are M-F 11-8, Sat. 10-7, Sun. 12-6.
5	This place has a big sign outside that says "Under New Management"I'm not sure how new the management is, or if the old management sucked... whatever.  Don't really care.I totally dig this place.  $3.99/lb of live Fiji rock, AWESOME!$7.99/lb of live Tonga rock, HUZZAH!(I got 20lbs of live rock, and when I brought it home and set it up, all these little starfish and shrimp climbed out of the rock! )I'm new to the marine aquarium world and I like that the guys here totally love saltwater tanks, talking about them, giving advice, etc etc.They've been very helpful, and have super cool fishies to stare at too!I like a lot.
1	Bought broken equipment from this store about a month ago, brought it back the same day (tried to take it home twice and set it up, it didn't work properly) multiple times and the manager, Carlos, said that he couldn't do anything about it because it was "a bad time for the store, since some guy ordered tons of equipment and never paid for it." I had to keep my equipment that didn't work and sell it on Craigslist, and I could only get half of what I paid for it!!! That manager wouldn't even exchange it! we even asked for a store credit! He said no! I went home and filed a complaint with the BBB and I told them exactly what happened. Today, at about 3 in the afternoon, the manager, Carlos, called my HOME TELEPHONE and yelled and cursed at me! He said that I made the situation up, that I was a liar!! He cursed at me, and told me to "never come in my fucking store again!"Since I reported him, I found two new shops that are much better than AZ sea bottom and also cheaper! they answer my questions, give good deals and don't call my home and use profanity.I don't understand how any business person can get away with that? They had my number in their computer, along with my address and full name, and they used it to call me and harass me. This store doesn't deserve 1 star, your business, or your money.Go to Aquarium arts or About the reef. They staff is more knowledgeable, prices are better, and they aren't jerks!
1	The shop is closed; there is a landlord's lien notice on the door.
1	Apparently the new management didnt work out so well...... This place is out of business.
