4	Mama Mia! This little italian is hidden away on a side street in Stockbridge. Blink and you miss it, but please don't blink too long as missing it will be such a shame.Go on a sunny day, you can sit outside and enjoy some of the finest italian coffee this side of Italy. Strong baby strong! There's some arty magazines and the usual newspapers to read, so you won't be bored if you forget your book or your friends.They also do a range of paninis using italian ingredients so you've got an authentic  experience from the get go. Heck even the owners speak italian to one another.Size wise the cafe is pretty small, so you might struggle to find a seat on say a Saturday but it's well worth visiting even then, as you can grab a take away to enjoy your grub around the corner by the water of leith.In short it's a great stop when you've visited the shops in Stockbridge and you're feeling slightly peckish or you're running low on caffeine.
4	The food is healthy and wholesome, with a wonderful selection of cured meats and cheeses. The lunch menu is packed with salads, soups, paninis, and the owners will happily help you with your Italian.
4	I only happened upon Sprio after wandering down St. Stephen Street during 'Stockfest' and it's exactly one of those little gems you discover unexpectedly.Inside it's very compact but is bright, colourful, welcoming and clean.The menu offers a good variety of lunchtime treats; paninis, salads, soups, great coffee and delicious ice creams, fresh cakes and pastries. There's a great selection of fillings for the paninis (and piadine; an Italian flat bread kind of like a roti). A lot of them varying slightly from the usual lunch deli fare, with a wide selection of Italian hams and cheeses.I had a piadine with pancetta, cream cheese and garlic. It was awesome! Generously filled with meaty pancetta and cream cheese. It was very garlic-y but that suited me just fine. I also ordered some little flaky pastries that were perfectly baked and filled with a sensational lemon custard.It's a great little find and one i'll definitely return to.
