5	You can't go wrong choosing Lux for your wedding.  The staff is wonderful to work with,  knowledgeable,  creative and so very helpful.  They far exceeded  my expectations for my daughters wedding.  We were so very pleased with everything!
1	I couldn't have left the consultation fast enough...I've never felt like I've inconvenienced someone so much by requesting a quote for their services.  Kathleen met with myself and my friend to plan flowers for my upcoming wedding.  I brought my friend because, to be honest, I know nothing about flowers except what colors I wanted, so to have his knowledge of actually knowing what a flower is when it is named was helpful.  So when she asked "So who are you" to him in  some sort of tone, I wasn't overly thrilled.  But we moved forward.  When she asked my budget and I stated around $600, she proceeded to just shake her head, stack her papers, and say "Oh no that's not going to work".  After explaining that I only needed bouquets and boutonnieres, she continued on with the appointment.  She asked if we had any pictures that we could use as a reference, and we showed her one that we had brought as an idea of what I liked, so she proceeded to list the flowers out from the picture.  I felt she almost needed to cite her work, because it wasn't so much of a consultation as it was a copy/paste session.  So when she asked me what flowers I wanted in my bridal party's bouquet, my response was, "I'm not very sure, that's why I came to a florist."  It's just unfortunate to have dealt with someone so unfriendly and unhelpful as we had.  The kicker is she actually quoted us a price that was mildly cheaper than other florists I had visited, but for the poor experience alone, I'd rather spend the extra money elsewhere.  Oh and that incessant chomping of the gum the entire time was maddening.
5	I was greeted with the nicest sales people I had met at the big bridal show at the Phx Convention Center.  They are one of the few floral shops that specialize in weddings that has a impressive physical store front.  I might even attend one of their DIY classes it looks like so much fun! Thank you again.
