3	Fun family atmosphere ...just kinda priced 2 high
4	Were new in town, and New Years Eve was approaching us and I was looking into going some where this year. So I had a lot of ideas, then my daughter mentioned the AMF Peoria Lanes  were offering a new years eve party. So we decided to attend this year. We really had a lot of fun! This was a great place to bring your young ones and spend your New Year Eve with them. Service was great and very friendly. I have no problem attending this every year.
5	About 10 of us decided to get together for an adult night. We figured we would try out luck at Cosmic/Rock N Bowl. We I made reservations over the phone with Sabrina (who was very nice) Friday night asking them to reserve me lanes for 10 people ( which I highly suggest you do!!!) We get there and they were playing good music, we all paid for our night, which $17 per person for 3 hours of bowling and shoe rental is an AWESOME deal if you have ever been bowling. We got two lanes to put us 10 crazy 30 yr olds on and we bowled our little hearts out. We were given a server (which I have never seen before) and that girl was on top of it. Never did I have an empty drink in my hand and she was so nice always asking us if we needed anything. I have been bowling off and on for years and my parents even used to own the Sun Lanes bowling alley in Wickenburg but this is one of the most clean bowling alleys I have seen. There weren't a lot of obnoxios kids and the music was pretty decent. We didn't get stuck listening to hip hop all night, but a nice mixture of everything. We were well taken care of from the time I called Friday to reserve to the time we walked out the door at 1am on Saturday. I had a blast and so did all my friends and we have decided to try and make this a monthly thing of getting together here. It was a great deal, we had access to a full bar, and good music to dance to. I am to old for the bar/club scene and this was a great way to have a great time, be able to have your friends around having a good time, having some drinks and even shakin our booties to a few songs!!!
3	The only reason why I give them three stars is because my first experience was wonderful staff was very helpful and even let us finish our game even though our two hours were up.Our second trip HOWEVER was disappointing the assistant manager was very rude. I asked if we could split the bill and she rolled her eyes at me and sighed and stated no she couldn't do it. The First time we were here we did this and the staff had no issue and were very friendly.This was just normal staff but the fact that the manager treated me this way was very disappointing.Also we wanted to sign up for bowling all summer because there is a sign up that says you can inside and she rudely told us we had to go home and go online.
1	Do not come here!!! I came with 4 people and my 5 year old daughter to bowl. I requested two lanes (of course) because my daughter can't play without the rails. The manager at the front told us that we could not get two lanes unless we have 7 ppl, which is ridiculous if you have children. It's not like we wouldn't pay for both lanes. Every other AMF we went to we did not have a problem getting two lanes.  He told us that other lanes were reserved, which is the biggest BS.  There were 20 other lanes open. Guess what? The "20 other people" that he said reserved lanes never showed up. Imagine that!!  My 5 year old daughter was sad all night long because she kept throwing the ball in the gutters. We received a very bad customer service from the manager for an unknown reason. almost 2 hours later (still 20 empty lanes) one of the employees comes and tells us we can play on two lanes. We had that two hour all u can bowl deal, which was almost over. WE WILL NEVER COME HERE AGAIN.
3	Maybe Foursquare was right, and checking in at bowling alleys is just one step away from "crashing some eight-year-old's birthday party". I sure feel that way here, at quite possibly the most kid-friendly AMF ever. Little rascals were scurrying about everywhere, even though it was roughly 9 at night. I tiptoed my way to the bar (tucked in to a far off corner) for a bit for a reprieve. Not much selection, but $1 whiskey sours at the time. Those can get you in trouble. Despite being a large building, the restroom was single-service, with quite the line. Inconvenient. The lanes themselves were as good as they needed to be, although you can tell by the dullness of the floors this is one of the older establishments. Overall, I don't mind this place, it just seems less fun for adults than other AMFs I've been to. I'll make my way toward Bell road instead now.
5	The staff were very helpful, fun and upbeat environment, and the best part of it was the awesome playlist if music. Good place for families as well as a date. There's a restaurant connected to it so you can order and have them bring the food to your bowling area, which I thought was pretty cool. There's also an arcade and laser tag for the little ones if they don't want to bowl.
3	I brought my sister, nieces,and nephew for a family fun night with my son and I. The prices were ridiculous. The staff I can't remember his name but he was very friendly and helpful as far as putting the bumpers up and making sure our food came out on time. I told the woman the shoes were hurting my sons feet in the back and she gave me worn out shoes that cut the back of his heels...it was empty at first but it filled up very quick. We ordered a large pizza which was 15.00 and a large fry that had little to no cheese and huge beacon pieces.
1	Rude staff members. No communication between "people in charge" and the other employees. Not willing to accommodate or admit they were wrong. A group of 18 of us know that we will not be retuning.
