5	Whenever I m in Vegas and I need my suit tailored for my events or my gf needs an outfit quickly sized up or hemmed we call Nina! She is the best. Been here for over 28 years and her reputation and work speaks for itself. She is very professional and her rates are very reasonable I think.
5	If you want to have a tailor that you trust, you have come to the right place !!! Great customer service, exquisite work, and very fair prices... I have been going to Nina for more than 4 years and she never disappoints me...highly recommend!!!!
5	I have been coming here for 20 years because I love the work that Nina does!  Even since I have moved, I bring in whatever I need altered when I come to Vegas.  She has done everything for me from jeans to formal evening gowns.  She is so sweet and accommodating, and I can trust her to take care of anything that I leave in her expert hands. Definitely recommend!!!
5	I've been using The Magic Thimble for over 5 years and they are amazing! Nina tailors all my suits and dresses and she altered my mother's wedding gown beautifully. I can't recommend her enough.  By far the best in town!
5	I have been coming here for over 20 years. I have never once had a bad experience. I am extremely short so I have always brought bunches of items at a time to be tailored, and she is so patient and kind. When I come to pick them up, everything is tailored perfectly for me. The prices are extremely competitive and reasonable. I once deviated from my typical routine, went somewhere closer to my location at the time, due to sheer laziness, and severely suffered the repercussions. I will never again go anywhere but here!!!!!!!!!! My grandmother, mother and myself have gone here since this place was open. To this day she is my go to lady! Always helps me in a bind too, sometimes I will need something the next day or two and she always bends over backwards for me! LOVE LOVE LOVE Magic ThimbleDont go to those over priced fancy schmancy places. They over charge and do a half a** job. I will stick to the neighborhood shop with quality, service and fair pricing.
5	One of the best in town she really has the magic touch I have been going there over 20 years never had a bad experience. You go there once you will be a life time customer.
