5	Always great service, join Presidents Club for great deals, its hard to not be happy when you are getting ready to go CAMPING!!!
5	Fabulous Experience.  Things were explained, demonstrated so I could understand what they were - I'm a total newly at this and they were okay with it!  Our sales person David Roy was the absolute best.  If you go, see Dave and tell him I sent you.  If you buy from David, he'll send me a gift card to spend in their Camping World Store!  And you know, with a new toy there's so many things you need for it!
4	Thank you for stocking so many large items!! makes things very easy when i need a AC unit, furnace, 3 way refrigerator, ceiling fans with remotes, central computer unit for monitoring tank levels, RV toilet, 45 amp power converter, jacks and a 3" 10,000lbs towing ball today
1	We had a negative experience at Camping World regarding our potential RV purchase on April 10, 2013.The Camping World we visited was in Mesa, Arizona (2222 E Main st., Mesa, AZ).We were working with sales person RYAN. (Young Caucasian with furr on his teeth)RYAN found a used RV that came in on trade that he thought we may be interested in. Camping World hadn't gotten the unit yet, but we were told we could view the used RV soon. To have Camping World's salesman hold the unit for us- he recommended we put a refundable hold deposit of $1000 down, and Ryan (The furry toothed salesman) assured us the deposit was refundable. We also hadn't actually looked at the RV yet, but thought the RV could be a potentially great unit to buy- so we left the $1000 refundable sight unseen deposit.For personal reasons, we elected to continue our RV search and asked to get our refundable deposit returned.Obtaining our refundable deposit did not go so smoothly!  I went to Camping World to thank Furry Toothed RYAN for his time, but we decided to take our REFUNDABLE $1000 DEPOSIT back and continue our RV search. This is when RYAN collaborated with his unprofessional Money Hungry Sales Manager to notify him that I was there to get back our deposit and release the hold on the RV we hadn't seen and continue our RV search. This is where these bogus money hungry salesmen began to RAZZ me, a Female Client. Rudely interrogating me with comments like "Why do you want your deposit back... We've spent a lot of time locating this RV for you"... Then proceeded to laugh at me like a load of overweight hyenas when I stated that we are simply going to continue our search for the perfect RV for our family and that we would like our refundable deposit back.  I am embarrassed with Camping World, and the Mesa, Arizona Camping World Team should be ashamed of themselves.I followed up with our furry toothed salesman RYAN via email to share our camping world experience.I'd like to add that RYAN proclaimed to my hubby (over the phone on April 16, 2013) that him and the sales team were rude to me and interrogated me because they were frustrated on their end because they spent a lot of time locating RV's for us to look at. (Um hey dirtbags, we were shopping for the perfect RV for us, we weren't in the market to just buy something y'all "worked so hard to find"... Get a real job lazy schmucks, locating an RV on a computer isn't rocket science.)I'd like to respond to RYAN by saying that his frustrations are very trivial compared to what we have to manage on a daily basis. I'd also like to explain to RYAN and the Mesa, AZ Camping World Sales Team that asking for our refundable deposit, whatever the reason, doesn't call for disrespect and interrogation of a female client.We were looking to purchase a new fifth wheel RV, and were not desperate to just buy anything. We have a very unique living situation, and we were preparing to spend 10's of thousands of dollars on a new RV- and when making this decision, we weren't going to make a purchase until we found the fifth wheel of our liking. A fifth wheel that we love, 100%.After putting down a refundable depoit on a used fifth wheel that we hadn't actually looked at- we decided to continue on with our search for a new fifth wheel.Camping World's Sales Team in Mesa, Arizona were so desperate to make a sale, that they literally disrespected and interrogated me when I told them we elected to take our refundable deposit back- and continue our search for the perfect RV for our family.This is unacceptable, and I certainly do not appreciate my experience with Camping World.I'd strongly advise buyers to be aware of this when choosing to Shop for RV's at the Mesa, AZ Camping World.
1	I recently wen't to camping world thinking of trading in my RV and purchasing a new one. They bait you into their office and then switch pricing and terms on you last minute. The pressure they placed on us was uncomfortable and then they became rude when they tried to trick us out of our original agreement. I would suggest you stay away and take your business elsewhere.
1	I don't even know where to begin!  My continued disappointing experience with dealing with Camping World has been going on since buying our first RV in Nov, 2013.  They told us when we bought our coach that a 144 point inspection would be done so ALL systems will be in good working order when we pick it up.  Every time we take the coach out we discover systems that do not function.  Finallyl after being in for so many problems (CW said were fixed and weren't) we decided to have an inspection done on it after only owning it for 6 months.  Our mistake for not knowing to do it in the first place.  We would have never bought it.  Monaco referred us to a mechanic that deals with our brand.  He called us within hours telling us the long laundry list of things that are broken, leaking, shorted out, etc.  Now if CW truly did this 144 point inspection that they bragged about of their service department, don't you think they would have noticed these things?!  Shame on you Camping World!  Your management & service department lack integrity and ethics!  I would strongly recommend NOT EVER doing business with CW!
2	The jury is out on the service department at the Mesa camping world. They just opened recently so they deserve a break. My first several encounters are not extremely positive but I expect that will turn around I hope
2	The service part person was rude and had a bad attitude.  We will go to the Internet for parts next time rather than making the drive. The two stars was for the nice selection of things in the store.
1	They advertise sale prices but you have to pay $25 membership to get the price! Went in to buy a portable camp fire, retailing at 134.99, they jacked it up to $138 with savings, and $185 without the membership. Even called before hand and they said they had two in stock and they were $130. What a joke! They also charged more than retail on the other items I was there to buy as well. Shame on you CAMPING WORLD!  I went to SPORTSMAN WAREHOUSE instead and found what we were looking for.
1	Horrible customer service. Took almost 9 months to get my door lock for my class C replaced under the terms of the original purchase contract. Multiple phone calls, emails, and appointments where I dropped the coach off, only to be told 2 days later that the part was not available...only once I threatened to go to their CEO directly and call 12 News on your side did I get my lock, which I installed myself because I really truly believe if I left it to them, I'd have it done sometime around the year 2157.The best advice I got from Camping World of Mesa was from the ONE employee I found there with a sense of integrity and a backbone..."Go to (another service provider I won't name so Yelp doesn't yank my review) up the street to get your Jeep set up to tow. I can only guarantee you we will screw it up and cost you more."
1	Absolutely the very worst repair experience ever.  A simple one day awning fabric replacement has stretched to 4 weeks.  Never once have they kept a commitment and there is always a new "reason".  Now they have pulled my unit from the repair bay as they were finishing it to make room for a customer who purchased a new unit.  This place is at best spastic.  I'll never go back once I retrieve my RV.  To bad there is not a negative star scale. It would be a negative 10.
2	We starting FULL TIMING almost 28 years ago  (NOT A MISPRINT).  From the get go we used this facility in Mesa for all our rv service requirements  The old one, not the new facility that just opened in 2014.  The first ten years or so they were on the money and repairs were made in an orderly fashion. Then about 12 years ago things started to go south real fast.  Their labor rate went thru the roof and then some !  Last time I was there it was over $120,00 per hour.  To make matters worst they started making a lot of mistakes and then arguing about correcting them. For example,  I had them clean and grease the wheel bearings on all 4 wheels. Two days later we arrived in Mexico only to discover one rim was covered with axle grease. On inspection we discovered they had not replaced the cotter pin on that wheel.  That could have been a disaster !  Another time they handed me a print out for my service requirements for the sum of  $625.00, then at the end of the day handed me a bill for over $1300.00.  THEY had made a mistake and I had to pay since the bill for the larger amount was correct.  Still, talk about sticker shock !!  Another time we ordered a replacement fabric for the awning THEY had installed. Three times we arrived to have the new fabric installed  but each time when it was unrolled on the shop floor we found it was the wrong fabric or wrong length.  True, their supplier had shipped the wrong item, but don't they check, especially after 2 errors ?   The last time I was there I had called from Mexico to get a replacement tire that had blown near the border. We arrived a day later and they installed the new tire.  Several weeks later I discovered the tire was the correct brand but the WRONG size. True, I should have checked, but aren't they the TECHNICANS ?  Once we had them re-seal the edges of our rubber roof ($435.00) but got into a heck of an argument when I insisted on going up on the roof to inspect their work before paying the bill. This company has obviously gotten so big they have lost sight of their original mission.  They talk a good story on the phone, epically the people in the main office back east, but it's all TALK ! Another thing that several others have mentioned.  For a long time I sensed an attitude that I was lucky THEY were willing to work on my rig and boy, don't walk into the bay to check on things !!  In the beginning they had a nice small lounge area where you could get a free cup of coffee in the morning.  Guess what, NO MORE COFFEE.  OK, so now I'm picking on them, but hey, if you can charge more than the local chevy dealer for labor, then you can take a few on the chin.  One last thing, and here I'm going to try to sneak one past yelp. If you want honest and fair repairs done correctly with no fuss made to your coach or auto then check my other reviews. Take one minute and you'll figure it out.ADIOS CAMPING WORLD
1	I had an Insta-Brake installed on my new car & 12 days later I lost my brakes completely. I was near home and used my emergency brake to make it the last 2 blocks. I had the car transported to the auto dealer & paid $170.66 for the repair. The dealer said [wrote] that the loss of braking was from an "after market fitting" installed with the Insta-Brake. I called Camping World Mesa and got no satisfaction. I wrote Camping World Mesa & Camping World Headquarters in Kentucky asking for reimbursement of my $170.66 and got NO RESPONSE.This could have ended much different if I'd been traveling on the interstate or approaching a stop.Camping World Mesa has a very POOR attitude and I will NOT be returning soon.
1	Worst customer service ever. Scheduled to have Prodigy 2 brake controller install and was quoted one price after a full detailed description of what I wanted done. I have existing 6 prong plug and wanted to change it to 7 prong plug to pull my trailer. Got here on time and had to wait 45 minutes before finding out our customer rep was a no show and was transferred to a very rude; "I am doing you a favor by doing this rep." After talking to her the price jump to nearly double, but we were in a bind and needed to get it installed. Then one hour later and after sitting there for past 2.5 hours rep came back and told us it was going to take 7.5 hours at a rate of $125 per hour. So this brake control is going from $287 to $403 to now over $1100. I picked up the phone and called 2 different RV repair shops and both quoted me a worst case scenario of 3.5 to 4 hour labor. I would have gone to them but neither could get me in the same day as I was leaving on a trip after the install. I requested to speak to the service manager after getting no help from the female service rep, "I'm too busy eating".  I was able to settle on a price for over $700. So why am I still here you ask?  It's because I have travelled 2 hours to get here and am in a bind to make my vacation and need to tow a trailer. I thought I had scheduled everything in advance to avoid any issue, but was wrong. Thanks to them it's cost me nearly tripled and I am waiting to see if they will deliver by 5pm as promised. If there was a negative star. I would have given it to them. All this hassle for being a loyal member. I will not renew my membership or recommend them ever.   Moving to AAA plus RV and shopping at Amazon prime.
1	If I could give less stars, I would. RUN, DONT WALK TO ANY OTHER RV SERVICE CENTER. It all started when they wouldn't answer the phone (not even for the national call center). They would transfer to a phone that only had a VM but wouldn't return calls. Finally, after trying for 2 days we got an appointment. Kept trying CW because they are a dealer for our brand of RV. Once we got the RV in we had no communication with them for 4 weeks. Nobody called and told us anything. Let me just make clear our RV was in for minor service (oil change, hydrolic leak, and broken lock). Finally, after 6 weeks I had to use the RV. I told them at week 5 Id be in to pick it up in a week. Then the day before I picked it up I told them I'd be in the next day. I show up and surprise surprise it's not ready. So here I sit waiting and writing the review. This place is HORRIFIC!
