5	One of my favorite places to get sushi in Arizona.  Their prices are very reasonable and the sushi is very fresh.  The cooking table is fun too if you'd rather have some cooked stir-fry type food.  I'd recommend eating there before 7 pm, because it gets really crowded anytime after that.
5	A true Scottsdale tradition, Kyoto offers fabulous sushi in a dive-y yet oh-so-hip atmosphere. Their Tako Salad is one of the best and the teppanyaki tables (for those who want cooked food) really are a blast.Kyoto's hidden secret is its great lunch specials. You can get your sushi fix for under $10 and avoid the crowds that come in the evening.  Bento boxes with terriaki chicken will please your non-sushi friends. I'm so glad this place survived downtown Scottsdale's growth spurt!
5	Best sushi I've found in the desert. It's almost a shame to give it 5 stars because it's already too busy.  The sashimi pieces are huge, service has always been great and the saki-bomb setup for $4 is a steal.  I've always sat at the bar so I can't speak about the tapanyaki tables.  Then again, who would want to sit at one of those anyway?  I'll take mine raw.
5	Take the word "bowl" away, and it goes from crap to awesome.   Very Benihana in nature, but I thought the food was superior to Benihana, and, best of all, $4 for a 22oz Kieren and sake.  Awesome deal.   Of course, the table-side entertainment was fun.  They set the table on fire and made a volcano out of an onion.  Fun stuff.
3	Some have called Kyoto a classic in terms of a true Scottsdale tradition. I happen to be a friend of some guys who have sent their daughters to ASU and everything about that tradition loses all of it's appeal once your age hits 29 or your IQ hits 101.  If Scottsdale can be said to be full of people who either live at Club Med or work for Club Med, Kyoto is their kind of place. Loud, cute, semi-drunk and more impressed with itself than anyone ought to be.That said, just like most trust fund girls, all the teeth are straight and the diction is perfect. It's all very wholesome and lovely, but something about it just strikes you as a bit too..hmm how shall we say.. brightly colored. If you happen to be a man who has survived any one of the four great tests of American manhood (child custody, IRS trouble, felony conviction or heart attack), then this is the kind of place you should avoid. That is because it is chock full of people whose idea of grave danger is being unable to BS their way out of a DUI ticket. If you frown in here, or order whiskey, they're like "Dude, what's with him?"So my advice to the gentlemen of age and wisdom is to steer clear, if only because you're going to find yourself staring very hard at women young enough to be your (dumbass) daughter, and that's a very icky feeling. On the other hand, if you answer to 'dude', all I can say is "Duuuuude!"
4	When we were getting ready for our trip to Arizona I got on Yelp to stake out the best Sushi places in the area. Kyoto seemed to have some of the best reviews, so we decided to check it out. We got there just in time, they close at 2pm for lunch and open back up for dinner later in the day. The salmon was fantastic. The unagi was fantastic. the rolls were nothing spectacular, in fact, a little dry. But, all in all, a quality sushi place. The prices were reasonable, about what you'd expect to pay for decent sushi.What I want to know is this: Is there a good "all-you-can-eat" sushi place anywhere in Phoenix or the surrounding burbs?
4	Kyoto does a good job of doing what it does.  That being said, if you've been to one Kyoto, you've been to them all.  Tepanaki (you know what I'm trying to spell here dont you?) tables, the Japanese dude lighting onion towers on fire on the table in front of you...taking pictures to put on your birthday mug...yes, its all the same.  But its all good.  Delicious actually.  Never a bad meal have I eaten at Kyoto.  Never have I not waited in a line as long as the nile either.  "But I have reservations!"  They dont care.  Tell Lisa-Lipgloss to hurry her sweet cheeks up because they wont seat any of you until shes there.  Pony up to the bar for some savory (and surprisingly super cheap) saki bombs while you wait, and you'll forget you actually came to eat.  If you still have an urge to eat, do it right and get both sushi and a tepan-cooked meal...you'll be impressed and its not overpriced, you get a ton of food.Bring your appetite, patience and your valet money and roll through Kyoto...the annoyances are worth your weight in sushi.
2	Went during the day yesterday and was reminded why I don't do that more often. The lunch special was cheap, but shrimp and whitefish lacked the whitefish and was basically just deep fried slices of potato and carrot. The sushi was dogshit and the service was worse. Getting menus was a chore, the edimame had no salt on it and when I asked for a side of salt, they brought me another shaker of table salt... what kind of place serves edimame and doesn't have sea salt or kosher salt? We drank a lot of saki bombers just to cope with the horrible food and service. Their saki smelled like nailpolish remover, but we couldn't tell when we mixed it with beer... anyway, it got the job done.Every time I've tried to go here for dinner, they are packed and the wait is an hour. The staff is rude also. Silly me, I'm such an asshole for wanting to eat at your shitty restaurant.As a sushi joint, this place blows - especially with so many better places within walking distance... including Ra (yes, Ra is better). On the other hand, as a tapanyaki restaurant, this place is pretty good. I suggest making reservations with a large group. It's not the best place for this either, but it's decent and conveniently located.Kyoto has been around for ages and I've always recommended it to friends. Truth is, this place isn't so special. Never has been. It's possible to go here and have a great time and decent food, but there are more reliable places around.
4	My wife and I love this place.  It's our favorite sushi.  Yes, it is always packed (you are a tool if you haven't figured out to get there before 7:30p for dinner), and most of it is typical N. Scottsdale kids who are at the bar and acting like idiots.  The sushi is priced cheap for Scottsdale and always tastes great, never a problem with "catching" anything, like another reviewer said, and we've been here 6 - 7 times at least.  Lunch is a really good deal too.  Never tried the grill but always looks great.
4	I knew about this place when I asked a co-worker who lives in the area.  The first time I tried it was great. I talked to to authentic japanese sushi chef and he made Omakase (chef special ) for me. I think he was very good because the second time my coworker and I went again it was another guy cuttnig up the fish. He wasn't very good so I didn't enjoy it. SO it depends on the chef......
3	It's an authentic and traditional Japanese restaurant in the heart of Scottsdale. Wow, talk about an oxymoron. But, hey, I give props to a sushi place that offers more than loud music, vibrant colors and cream cheese rolls. This place is great for a quiet dinner (at least it was quiet when I went) and for enjoying big slices of sashima. Granted, I've been once, but the lasting impression I got was that it's a rare find in Phoenix. Downside is you have to cross into Scottsdale to go, so that's what keeps me away.
3	This place is excellent price wise and has a decent variety. My only complaint is the setup of the seating...check it out...ABRA...
5	This is the best kept lunch secret in town!!! meets all my criteria.  good food, big portions and cheap.  Had California rolls, Teriyaki chicken with a salad.  It was all great!
4	My life has never been the same since Ayako of Tokyo located at the Biltmore Fashion Park was shut down. However, Kyoto of Scottsdale has to be the next best thing for Sushi and Saki B's. While the trendy "A Crowds" are dumping loads of cash on high priced drinks, mediocre sushi and snobby service, I am stuffing my face silly at Kyoto. Don't expect fancy frills here just damn good and inexpensive eats.  Itadakimasu
1	Crowded, pushy, noisey unimaginative.  Do not bother.
5	As mentioned earlier, the best thing about this place is the super cheap, but super delicious lunch bentos.  You get a main dish, rice, salad, and an orange for under $4. If that's not enough, you can get double meat for a buck or two more.  I highly recommend the ginger pork or the katsu.  My friend I normally go with is a big fan of the white fish (fried or grilled).  The sushi here isn't bad.  It's nothing super special, but I don't come here for the sushi so it's not a big knock against the place.As they would say on ebay: A+++ Great Seller! Would eat here again!!!
3	"Real Japanese cuisine"  For all those that think Teppan style is authentic Japanese food I hope my yelp opens your eyes. Don't get me wrong I love to eat with a group of friends at Kyoto.  But know that the Teppan style cooking is an authentic tourist trap created by a chain restaurant owner in Japan.  The ReviewI like the Kyoto bowl for but a good Japanese food.  The chiefs create a great experience and atmosphere and the Sushi is pretty good.  I have eaten here a few times, and have had a saki bomb here or there. I learned the hard way how power full the drinks are so use with caution.
5	Great sushi for a very reasonable price, my friends and I love going here. Although on the weekends the wait can be very long and the small bar overfilled with patrons. The host could be a bit more friendly, but we've been willing to overlook that for the food.
1	I regretably went here for my birthday last night.Ordered the Ichi roll and got a death mayo alien roll.This was the worst thing I have ever tasted. 1) it had at least a handful of mayo blahh2) it had a pound of crab that looked like red/white spaghetti ( soo gross)3) had the texture of a raw pumpkin sliced in thin strings4) tasted like licking an old fishWe got the waitress to refund the sushi since it was un-edible. when she brought the bill it was not itemized and we could not figure out how it came to that much.The entire time our waitress was never there, never refilled our drinks.We finally flagged her down to get a break down of the bill.she came back with the same copy!!!We asked a different person who grabbed her to help us.She came to the table and asked "do you have a problem with me?" WTF!!!We told her  ignoring what she said " can you just bring us a breakdown of the bill"She came back AGAIN, with an un itemized copy!!I would not have tipped her but on parties of 6+ the add 17% gratuityWhich btw she added 20% without permission.We were there for so long ad wanted to leave otherwise I would have disputed that tip charge in full.You dont come up to customers and ask if they have a problem with you!!!Not only was the food the grossest shit ever, the service can suck my ass!!
3	Average.The place looks high-end from the outside & average once you get in. The sushi was ok, but nothing great. The service what average, which was suprizing because there were so many people packed into the resturant.Overall a pretty good meal but nothing to rave about.
4	Cons:-Service SUCKS (for lack of a better word) so bad during lunch hours. There's a waitress who always works there during lunch hours who's so spacey that she will never see you if you need her attention. Refilling drinks is not apart of her job description either, I'm guessing. Kyoto (whether it be the servers or the people preparing the food) gets our order wrong about 80% of the time.-Food is a hit or miss thing. Some of their stuff is heavenly good, and some of it tastes like sewage. Trying asking for a recommendation from someone.-You need reservations if you go there on a weekend night, guaranteed.Pros:-Go during lunch hours! The prices are insanely great! You can get a whole bento box with sashimi for around or less then $5! Considering the usual price of sashimi combos, this is the best deal I've seen ever.-The sashimi (which encompasses most of what I've had there anyway) is also extremely fresh and the servings are relatively generous.Overall: Service is below average, but the sushi is high quality for a great price.
4	Kyoto is one of my two favorite sushi venues in the valley (the other being Sakana).  Very good sushi, great portions, and decent prices.  I like how it's never about "the scene" here.
4	Great place for lunch! The price and the quality is excellent. It is not the best sushi in the area, but the lunch menu is very cheap and has some good options. They offer different teriyaki meals that come with rice and a salad for around 5 dollars. It is also pretty filling and sometimes I will get a roll or two to go with it. When going for lunch the service is usually pretty good. There can be a longer wait at night and the prices go up, so I would definitely suggest trying out Kyoto for lunch if you are in the area.
2	I ate sushi here, so my review only applies to this portion of the restaurant. As far as "McDonald's" quality sushi goes, this place was spot one. Relatively tame fish in a Denny's interior and it had a dependable bathroom. Unfortunately the sashimi cuts were poorly done, the yellowtail didn't taste right, and the eel was a cut above rubber. Also, please please can sushi places stop mashing the tuna in spicy tuna rolls? When you mash the tuna it really destroys the texture and flavor. Why not place the spicy mix on top rather than mash it into the tuna?
1	Stumbled upon this place around dinner time and decided to give it a try. Bad decision.I will first give you the worst. My fiance had explosive diarrhea all night after eating here. He ordered Ichi Roll.I wish I had read the review on this restaurant then I would have avoided this place. The other reviewer has described this Ichi Roll. I completely agree. Gross. In addition to what he described, this roll is huge, the size of a burger patti! No roll should be so big that you can't fit in your mouth. That just goes to show the chef does not know Japanese cuisine.I ordered dragon roll, which is eel and avocado. Overall flavor is okay but the texture of the fish is mushier than usual that it makes me think perhaps it's not fresh.The green tea. Watered down. Not much flavor.Edamame. Tasted like store bought Edamame, but it's the kind that's overstocked and about to expire. You get the Idea.So, will I come back to this restaurant? You tell me.
3	I go a few times a week for lunch, which is very inexpensive.  For $3.75 you get a nice assortment of tempura vegetables and fish, small salad, and a little ball of rice.  It's just the right amount of food for lunch and you absolutely cannot find anything cheaper nearby.
4	I like this place. It's a fun atmosphere, the bartender is really friendly and fun. The shots 'banana cum suckers' are soooo good.
4	I've been going to Kyoto for years. This place is great for lunch. Good food at a great price. Very low prices considering it's in Old Town Scottsdale. They'll even let you take out sushi unless it's a zillion degrees and your health may be at risk. Try any of the generous lunch specials, which come with rice and salad.At night, try the saki bombers at a low price before you take off to the other bars. It's a great way to get your night started.
4	Not the best sushi I have eaten, but still very good...And, the prices are INSANELY CHEAP!!!  Get this...The dinner salad, miso soup, and stir-fried rice side dishes are only $1.50 each!!  And, all 3 are delicious!  Finally, they are starting to get native Japanese servers again, who actually understand the sushi experience, and how to serve the customers properly.  I lived in Japan for a year, so I know what I am talking about....Many of the non-Japanese servers just don't get it, and the service can be 'awkard' to say the least.  Sometimes the food quality can vary, depending on which sushi chef is working that day.  Sad but true...Some are better than others.  P.S., Each 22oz bottle of beer comes with a free small bottle of sake. -- Obviously not high quality sake.  They have teppanyaki grills/seating as well, but I haven't tried them in the 22 years I have been going to Kyoto.  I miss Ayako's grills too much.  (Be sure to have your server validate your valet, which they don't have every day.)
4	I'm a regular here. I always enjoy the crab rolls and of course the filet..... Mmmmm melt in your mouth pieces. Consistenly good ****
4	When I'm cruising PHX and can't make it to Sakana then I come here.  Friday and Saturday nite is like a frat party.  By now, any night in Scottsdale must be like a frat party.  Go midweek, sit at the bar and enjoy the quality of this place.  See you next month.
4	Alright, lets set a few things straight. My experience equates to a three, yes, however I was almost tempted to give it a 4, simply to offset some of the ridiculously unjustified one or two star reviews I've read below. *To complain about the tuna in a spicy tuna roll being mashed, because it ruins the texture and the flavor of the tuna? Sincerely, if its texture and integrity of tuna flavor that your looking for perhaps you shouldn't be eating a roll where traditionally, you "mash" the tuna, adding a slew of "spicy" seasonings into it? Try the sashimi perhaps? Just a thought.*To give a restaurant a 2star rating because they didn't provide noodles like Benihana? Also might be an unfair comparison. *Another 2 star rating because they didnt like the hostess stand being by the door? I'm not even sure I understand this complaint.Anyhow, here goes my own personal experience.Promptly greeted and as the restaurant was full, even on an off night, were seated at the sushi bar, which is fine, because its where we wanted to go anyhow. Ordered a cocktail from their slightly pedestrian bar offerings. A little surprised that the edamame wasn't complimentary, but didn't mind too much since, one - i think this might be a Scottsdale thing - and two, both it and the soup, as many people have stated, were very inexpensive. Ordered sushi, and a few tidbits from the kitchen, Server was nice, friendly and as attentive as could have been expected as busy as she was. Sushi was slightly undersized in portions (and yes, even for classic Japanese standards) but when the bill came, it reflected the size fittingly, leaving no thoughts as to it being over-priced. Sushi Chef (not the owner.) was skilled but seemed either lacking in rapport with the guests, or just too busy to show some sense of personality.*shrug, but i suppose as long as he gets the job done, thats all that matters. Experience was altogether pleasing, but did seem as if there was always a ying to the yang to consistently make the 4 star experience back to a 3. PROS: *Pleasant server              *Good sushi, quality fish, nice cuts.              *Undersized portions but also very reasonable price tagsCONS:   *Fairly pedestrian bar and sake selections.                  Bar i can forgive, but wish the sake selection was a little                  more interesting.                 *No little freebies that you see in some other Japanese                  restaurants. Edamame, Soup, even the rice, yep..paid for.                * No desserts available whatsoever. Nada, Zip Zilch.You know what? I AM going to give it a 4, because if the pricing, quality and service for lunch is anything like dinner, I'm still a fan and ill definitely be trying this place again. (Also, like i said to help offset some of what I think are those unfair one and two star reviews.) True, nothing blew me away about the experience...but definitely nothing so overwhelming  bad to deserve a 1 or 2 star review. Next time I'm craving sushi, Kyoto will work just fine. Hope this helps!
2	There is a reason why when I lived in Scottsdale for 3 1/2 years I never ate at Kyoto. But upon my last visit I decided I should try a new place.Hmmmm.... I now have also learned to ALWAYS trust my trusty yelper's reviews. This was a bad choice on my part. Bad, slow service. Poor sushi selection. No wine menu. The sushi came out cut as thick as a piece of steak. I hate thickly cut sushi. Rolls.....bland. Ambiance was that of a cheap, generic restaurant. The good.....cheap, sushi was fresh and didn't taste bad.But with all that being said I'll pass on a next time here.
4	I am originally from California and I have eaten at all sorts of sushi places.  For me, when I come to eat sushi, I am concerned about the sushi.  I have read some of the reviews below and don't know why people are concerned about the ambiance as much, or the selection of sake/wine, etc.  I would say if I were to come here again, I would not order rolls.  Their rolls were so thick I probably needed extra large chopsticks.  Their seaweed salad and sashimis on the other hand were absolutely delicious.  The price was very reasonable for the amount of food that we got.  I would come here again because this is one of the few quality tasting sushi places I have found so far in Arizona.
2	This place used to be my favorite sushi place when I first started going about 9 years ago. As the years go by, the quality, freshness, and taste of the food has failed to please. I used to recommend this place to friends and visitors, but now I can't even get myself to go in there for a meal.
4	i eat a lot of sushi and teppan. this is one of, if not the best sushi/teppanyaki joint in phx.the sushi is meaty and delicious and well-priced. not fishy tasting at all ("fishy" means "not fresh"). the only negative is their selection is lacking a bit.the teppanyaki may be the best of any places i have been to. soup and salad come with the meal. the soup is not miso soup and i dont really care for it. the salad on the other hand . . . best citrus-ginger dressing of any japanese restaurant. the filet is seriously like butter. only thing is, there is no filet + scallops combo -- you have to get the ny strip to get the combo. i suppose you can ask but i didnt. the only other negative is that they do not make the fried rice at your table, they just bring you a bowl of it from the kitchen. come on, thats part of the draw of teppan!also, their lunch is amazing! for less than $4, you get a box lunch with entree/meat, salad, rice and orange slices. best deal in scottsdale. wish i still worked across the street.
4	Can't believe I haven't written a review for Kyoto - I used to go to this place at least 3 times a week when I worked in Old Town Scottsdale.I've only been there for lunch, and you can't get a better deal.  I would order the #3 lunch special - Chicken Teriyaki & Rice - for $3.50.  Yeah, you read that right...$3.50.  You get chicken, rice, salad, & a few orange wedges - perfect portion for lunch, and it's almost cheaper than bringing your own lunch to work!The only downside to this place is that if you get there a little after noon for lunch, the service slows WAY down.  I once waited nearly an hour for my food when other times it was out in as little as 10 minutes.  I know places get busy, but they are always busy for lunch, so I'm not sure why they haven't figured that out yet.They have other items on their lunch menu which includes some sushi, pork, and of couse some more chicken variations.  HIGHLY recommended if you are in Old Town Scottsdale for lunch!
4	I must confess i have only been here for Lunch, but it is one of the best deals in town for Lunch.  My friend and i just ate there and had Chicken teriyaki, white rice, salad, 2 sushi rolls and a squid salad and only paid $13 each...I mean c'mon-that's pretty hard to beat.  Just the Chicken w rice and salad is $3.50 and it's so filing and delicious! Would recommend it to anyone who likes a filling tasty meal for a cheap price.
4	Beau and I celebrated Thursday eve with dinner at Kyoto.  Warning: Kyoto is getting packed, possibly due to tourist season.  However, we waited only a few five minutes for a seat on the sushi bar. Their fresh sushi never disappoints.  The squid salad was awesome with a nice heat bite.  We wolfed down a caterpillar and rainbow roll with delight.  The sushi chef made us his special roll, filled with vegetables and a mild white fish, scallions, and slices of jalapeno on top.  It was a palate cleanser at the end of the evening. One small comment on the bar: the bartender had to be interrupted from texting to replace a glass of wine. Guess the original pour was from day old wine. After he concurred to open a new bottle, he returned to texting, prior to replacing the wine. The disinterest to work(or intensity of his texting habit) was actually comical. Truthfully, we love our Kyoto and this is our preferred sushi restaurant, when the craving hits.
4	I have been a patron of Kyoto for 15 years, in fact went on a really bad date there when I was 21.  Even though the date was painfully bad it didn't ruin my taste for Kyoto.  Now I love sushi and have been to many places in town so I have much to compare it to.  But the reason I come here more than any other place is I can enjoy a great sashimi lunch for less than $10 dollars or come have dinner plus drinks for around $25.  That makes me and my wallet very happy.  I walk to it from work and have lunch usually once a week. Have taken 3 of my stylist who have never been there before and turned them in to Kyoto fans.  The service is great, really friendly and I like that they recognize me always asking "how's business?  Good to see you again!"  It is another place here in old town that make me feel like I am not lost in the tourist shuffle.
1	Dude this place totally sucks a bums nacho cheese nut sack!!! i went there one time Cause everyone was like this place is sooo good, they jack off on your food its great. that sounded good, but when i went there no jacking off on the food, wtf!! but seriously the sushi roll we ordered was the size of a chipotle burrito and tasted like an old obese man farted threw an onion in to a tuna fish can!! not only did the food have quality that only McDonald's can do but the service was terrible. our waitress pulled out a shotgun and stuck it in my mouth and told me to say hello to the devil for her! i couldn't believe it considering we were eye fucking each other across the room to the ghost theme song. she made me tip her, and not the tip i wanted to give her.... mm mm. oh sorry anyway, if u want white trash gas station quality sushi and service that would make you feel like your in the movie Saw than eat at Kyoto " Home of the Garbage Roll".... one other thing they serve there food on a garbage lid
4	I was turned on to this place by friend from night school, I sure am happy she decided to invite. Love this place! Big, Cold, Japanese beer, fresh sushi, great prices. The atmosphere is relaxed, great place to just kick back and have a relaxing evening. The portions are big and prices are cheap, I definitely am a fan.
4	Really?  Teriyaki Chicken with a side salad and rice for $3.50?  Oh, and its good?  Seriously?  I was amazed at how cheap their lunch specials are and even more amazed that it was actually quite good.  The chicken was soft moist white meat with a tasty teriyaki sauce and mushrooms.  I really enjoyed the sauce, because it wasn't sickeningly sweet or heavy.  The salad was as simple as they come... just some iceberg lettuce with a surprisingly flavorful dressing.  I am not sure what the dressing was made of, but my best guess is some combination of peanut, soy and ginger.  Very tasty!  It was really the perfect amount of food for the lunch hour.  I walked away full and satisfied, but not so full that I had to fight the post-lunch food coma.
5	Been coming here for over 20 years and prices have hardly changed.  Great fresh sushi at the lowest prices around. 5 big pieces of fresh Tuna for $5 and all hot lunches under $5 as well. Has a very interesting night life on Friday and Saturday and $6 larger Japanese beer and sake.
2	I've been going to Kyoto for nearly 10 years now, by far has always been my favorite Scottsdale sushi place. The bento box lunch specials are incredible. Regretably, I have to change my opinion. The service has gone downhill drastically. My BF and I loved to go for the #8 sashimi box, I don't like salmon so I always sub more tuna. 9x out of 10, order comes out wrong. Haven't been there 1 time when we didn't have to sit with empty water glasses for 15 min. So we stopped going for a while. Yesterday, we decided to give Kyoto a 2nd chance. Service was perfectly fine this time (noticed a few new faces) but to my lament... Our sashimi was warm and mushy. NOT what you want to see! I couldn't even eat it, so gave to my BF. Well, guess who spent the next 24 hrs sitting on the porcelain throne. Yes, it's AZ and it's hot. But if it's not fit to eat... DON'T SERVE IT! I'm truly sad, but I don't think I'll be going back unless I'm in the mood for something cooked.
4	go for the screamin lunch menu!  all the usual fare for $3.50 and up.  plus it's in a nice area and the decor is pleasant.you can get the same stuff in a styrofoam bowl at those other places but why not eat it out of a bento box and look stylish at the same time?not earth shattering but then again, it won't cost you and arm and a leg...
5	Super cheap, 4-8$ bento box lunches M-F.
2	Food- The sushi is rather poorly rolled for my taste.  Many of the rolls are large in size which is normally good but in this case leads to the sushi falling apart when dipping in soy due to the poor technique in rolling them.  Price- It is not as cheap as it should be for the quality but it isn't terrible for sushi prices generally.The food tastes ok but I find that the poor technique is too much for me to get past when eating sushi.  Fish quality is fine but not the best I have had in Phoenix.Service- This is by far the worst thing about this restaurant.  NEVER SIT AT THE SUSHI BAR because you will have servers constantly reaching over your shoulders all night (during dinner service at least). The servers should have a place to get food for the tables without having to reach over customers.  This is a total failure of this restaurant design.I get so angry at the bumping and shoving by the servers at the sushi bar that I will never go back.  Each time I go to give them another shot there aren't any tables and they sit me at the bar.  Go somewhere else to avoid the sub-par, expensive food and terrible service during busy hours.
3	I have been to Kyoto about 3-4 times in the past 7 years.  I still hasn't changed a bit since the first time I went there when I was fifteen!  I always eat at the grills.  I love places with the tepanaki (I dont know how to spell it) grills.  I have been to many many places like this and Kyoto is just ok.  This place needs some serious redecorating.  It looks like the place is stuck in the 1970's.  The food is good though.  Last time our grill cook was really bad and was droping things all over the place but hey everyone has an off day sometimes.  I may go here again just because its so close to my home but otherwise I've had better.
5	Kyoto is now one of my favorite restaurants. I took a date there late on a Saturday night - it was perfect! The food was delicious, the cook entertaining, and the ambiance unique. I will definitely be coming back.
1	Had an issue with cross-contamination of foods on the Teppanyaki grill, which caused me to get e-coli. I was very sick the night after. I had the steak and shrimp. My steak was cooked next to someone's chicken. Additionally, the steak was very cold when it was served to me. When I spoke with friends about my experience, they told me that they either had the same issues or knew of others who got ill. My suggestion is to go to Benihana instead if you are craving Teppanyaki style Japanese cuisine
4	While I'm a sushi fan, my husband is a sushi FIEND - we made biweekly trips to his favorite haunt in NYC (Monster Sushi) and if he was on his own for dinner, I could always count on him to be there for a bite.  After relocating to Phoenix, he'd been jonesing hardcore for non-commercial, non-fussy sushi in epic proportions served with a smile.  Our trusted source told us that Kyoto was their favorite and we had to indulge.  The mixed views on Yelp made be a tad nervous, but I like to give places an unbiased chance.  Very glad that I did.The interior of the place is a little strange given the shape of the restaurant and lack of windows, but we made ourselves cozy in a table next to the sushi bar.  I also did not notice a pre-club atmosphere - it was chill the night we went, but maybe it was because we went after work (which is probably on the earlier side for the see and be seens).No teppan for us that night - it was all about the sushi.  We started with a pleasantly savory miso soup, flavorful seaweed salad and moist, tender tako (octopus) salad.  Next was my favorite dish of the night (and no, not traditional for sushi, but whatever) - a peppered, seared tuna with onion sauce.  Divine!  I could have had three plates of this and called it a day.  Most of the folks in our party ordered rather classic rolls, while I ordered an additional three specialty rolls (Candy Cane, Ichi and Shrimp Tempura - I love to crunch it out).  The rolls were so HUGE we struggled to eat it all.  Keep in mind that those specialty rolls are massive, particularly the Ichi (should have been called Ichi the Killer Roll) which you could barely eat with chopsticks.  I was a mess of dungeoness crab and spicy tuna by the end of the night, but I was happy.Price was absolutely fair for the quality of the food - there are many (MANY) overprices sushi places in Scottsdale and many dirt cheap places in the valley.  This one charges fairly and keeps the quality up.  I don't ever mind paying if it's worth it.Will most definitely come back and hopefully take in some teppan next time :)
2	Well, maybe my husband and I have been spoiled by all the great Japanese food available in Los Angeles. This place just does not have good Japanese food. Even something simple like chicken teriyaki and miso soup were not great. Chunky teriyaki chicken, plus big pieces of mushroom in chicken teriyaki and miso soup?! And the sushi and the sashimi were just not that great. What's up with big pieces of sea scallops for baked dynamite scallops?  So glad to be back in LA for yummy Japanese food again!
3	I was told this place used to be the "hot spot"  back in the day.  My review is strictly based on the bar and teppan experience(I have not tried their sushi yet).  We had 9 in our group on a Thursday night and we started off with a round of beers at the bar.  It's a nice touch that every beer we ordered came with a small bottle of sake!  The bar is small and we pretty much took up the whole area, which also happens to be right where the front door of the place is.There are a few teppan tables in the very back of the place, and our group of 9 just barely fit comfortably.  The "show" before the cooking started was one of the better ones I've seen(it was the first time I've seen them light a trail of fire around the table and into each of our dinner plates!).  I ordered steak and lobster with fried rice, and it turned out pretty delicious.  One disappointment I had during the cooking process was that the fried rice was not prepared for us on the grill...it came out in bowls straight from the kitchen.  The miso was ok, nothing to write home to mom about.They do NOT have "golden shrimp"(I'm beginning to think no teppan place in Arizona has this).Bathrooms are small and kind of grungy(1 urinal, 1 stall, 1 sink).
4	5 stars for lunch options and value, 2.5 stars for lunchtime sushi.4 stars for dinner, 4 stars for dinner sushi.This place has two faces - a simple and incredible value during lunch (4$ tasty lunch bento boxes...are you KIDDING?), and then a full blown, non-corporate teppan-yaki at night.I definitely tend to notice a difference in the quality of the sushi between lunch and dinner with the latter being preferable.  Dinner options are delicious and great fun, but the amazing dimension Kyoto brings to downtown Scottsdale are its lunch offerings.  Seriously, they're good, and under 5 bucks.  That alone makes it worth the trip!
5	Update!Went back last night for dinner, this place is still awesome. I had the Las Vegas Rolls, they were pure deep fried goodness.
4	Lunch for under $4.00?  You bet you.  Super cheap lunch from 11-2pm tues-sunday.  I usually get out of there with a Bento box with Chicken, rice, salad, and slices of oranges for $3.75 and a Tuna Roll for $3.50,  Super cheap!!  I heard dinner is exquisite.
5	Kyoto is by far my favorite place to eat sushi in Scottsdale. The atmosphere feels authentic, the prices are great, and the staff is top notch. One of the best places to throw a birthday party, have a fun date, or just hang out with some friends. Reserve a table for some cooked Japanese food and be witness to a show then enjoy a very tasty treat. Hang out in the bar and get served by a friendly bar tender who will give you advice for the rest of your evening. Can't wait for my next time.
4	I've been coming to this place since college, and I can tell you its definitely one of those "an oldie but a goodie".  So, its not a fancy schmancy place with hip party music playing and it doesn't serve mixed drinks with cute names like "hello kitty", but it should be a staple to anyone's lunch place repertoire.  They serve bento boxes (basically a lunch box with rice, your choice of entree, salad and slices of oranges--a healthy dessert!) for $3.75.  If you're feeling like a high roller, you can order the sashimi bento box, and that will set you back a whopping $6.Who says you can't eat good for cheap?
4	This is one of my go-to lunch places since it is one of the few restaurants in the area besides Quiznos , Chipotle or the food court at the mall where you can get a lunch for under $10.  Actually, it is under $5.  Serious value!  I love the bento boxes, everything is always fresh.  I usually get the teriaki chicken since I don't like fried so much or sometimes when I feel like a splurge I get the sashimi.  Either way it is always good.
4	Though I'm familiar with Scottsdale and live close to Old Town I had somehow never noticed Kyoto despite it's proximity to the Breakfast club and Bungalow.I had gone with a friend who wanted sushi, thinking (and not really minding) that he was talking about the Kyoto Bowl on Scottsdale Rd near the Walgreens. No no no. This is a much better culinary experience by far.Besides the surprise birthday details we were seated at one of the teppanyaki tables and this not being my first time it was a great experience. There wasn't any showboating by the cook this time but that was fine with me. Had an array of sushi that was all fresh tasting and well proportioned and some excellent sake too. It might be slightly priced on the high end of things (but I didn't pay for it so I can't say precisely more about it) but a great place to go eat with friends or a loved one.
4	Ok. Let me qualify this 4 star rating.It's for lunch. And it's mostly for price.It's certainly not the best Japanese restaurant I've ever been to. And the food isn't the best. But it's decent. The price is excellent (for lunch).I used to come here often and grab the Bento box and a California Roll with my buddies for lunch and I'd the door having spent just 10 bucks including tax and tip. I'd be full, and ready to coast through the afternoon on a semi-food coma.It's worth the visit based on the cost. Now you probably want to know why I don't think this is the best restaurant in the world. Well, this is an OLD place. It hasn't been updated since the NIxon administration...at least it seems that way....but what do I know? I was born during last Carter year. The Bento Box is $3.75 and you get Teriyaki Chicken w Mushrooms, Rice, a little salad. It's really not bad for the price.  Add a roll for another $3.75 and you got yourself a snazzy cheap little meal.The restaurant is dark, it kind of smells, but who cares. It's cheap, you'll be in and out of there in no time.I probably wouldn't go there for dinner. Peace.
4	Definitely one of the best sushi restaurants I have been to in Scottsdale, AZ.  Rivals some of the sushi restaurants back in San Diego, CA..
4	One of my old-school stand out favorites.  Have been coming here for at least 10 years if not more.  The owner is always there and friendly.  (Always thanks you for coming in no less).  For lunch they have amazing bento box lunches for under 6.00 dollars.  If you crave teppan, they have old school teppan dinners where you can see your food aflame and cooked for you.  If it were closer to downtown Phoenix I would be parked here.  I like to see that it refuses to change as the rest of Scottsdale becomes trendier....I love that it hasn't changed and that the quality of food and service is still great.  For dinner its going to be old-school, i.e. not trendy and nothing challenging.  This place did have its heydey about ten years ago, but that said, its comforting and good.
3	Really cheap and fresh sashimi that is served in a space that resembles the trailer that Budd lived in from the Quentin Tarantino's "Kill Bill Vol.2". Good selection of fresh fish coupled with the typical variety of sushi rolls that most people a accustomed to. Nothing too special about Kyoto but it's a great place to pop into and get your sushi fix for a low price.
2	The sushi is just barely above average.  The service from the wait staff is good, but the sushi chefs themselves border on rude.  Super inexpensive.  If you need a sushi fix, don't care about the service, and are poor, then this is for you.
4	Still one of my favorite places for Sushi and Sake.  Sushi was great and portion sizes were just right.  Everything is inexpensive and the atmosphere is fun.
5	The Regular's hang here. Its always happy hour inside.I love the caterpillar roll & the miso soup, but what I like most the bartenders! When ever Rocky makes an appearance its a special kinda night. Eric is the heart of Kyoto's business, if you haven't had the chance to speak to him, you've never really experienced Kyoto.I regret my "regular" status has been downgraded but every time I go in I feel like I never left. The sushi is really good, the drinks are to, but the ambiance is paramount. Go to kyoto, get a Sake bomber or try an off the menu - Banana C. Sucker. for a slap in the face treat. Tell Eric that J. Reds sent you.
5	For the price this place is awesome.  The service you may find a bit slow, but if your not a scottsdale brat, and dont expect someone else to wipe your ass for you, you will love this place.  The lunch prices are unreal, and I've taken my kids here for there birthday at the teppanyaki tables - which we all loved.  The sushi is better than Ra for the price in my opinion.  So let me say again if you're not a snobby scottsdale brat you will indeed love this place.
3	Kyoto is what I like to call the "diner of sushi places."  This isn't necessarily a negative.  The prices are very fair, and the atmosphere is very laid back.  In an area of super "hip" sushi, it's nice to have a place with a local feel.  If you are looking for fancy, out of the box rolls, exceptional service, or a great ambiance, this isn't the place for you.If you're looking for cheap, good, normal sushi at a great price it's worth a shot.
4	Kyoto is an Old Town staple. It was there long before the endless miles of trendy restaurants, sushi joints and clubs. It was there when Devils Martini, Myst and Axis Radius were the "cool" spots to party and it was the place you'd visit for sake and Teppanyaki to get the night started right. But those are the days of yesteryear, the real question is: how is Kyoto now? Still chugging! So the decor isn't as trendy as some of the newer restaurants out there. So the building is a little run down. So there are cooler spots to visit at night. Who cares! Kyoto is fun, it has good food and the drinks are flowing and flowing...and flowing! I visit Kyoto when I want to sake bomb and enjoy fried rice that becomes a beating heart, a flaming mountain of onions, one heck of a fire show and of course hearty, decent food! Yes, it's cheesy but it's fun...especially when sake is involved!Kyoto is a fun spot for a group dinner when you want something lively, you want something close to the bars in Old Town and you want something that isn't too stuffy. Be warned, it gets crowded, so make a reservation or get there early.
5	I have been a patron for YEARS!  There is no better sushi in Scottsdale. Their fish is as fresh as it gets, they are wonderful people and when we walk in the door, they know where to look at the sushi bar to see if our spots are available...unless Lisa is working at the bar, then we eat there!
4	Good quality for the price. The food tastes very well like other people reviewed. It wasn't like real Japanese style, but it is still okay to have a decent meal in the casual atmosphere.
3	"A-OK". That describes fairly accurately my experience here. I imagine if I had gone for the teppanyaki I would have a higher rating, but I was in the mood for sushi.Unfortunately, the sushi selection here is extremely limited. The fish was nice and fresh, although not the best I've had. And there was a strange spice on the white fish that I found quite surprising. Not necessarily bad, but it seemed out of place. The tako salad was quite tasty, although it was absolutely drowned in ponzu sauce, so beware!Overall, I wouldn't consider this as a "destination" to go back to; however, I wouldn't say no if I were invited to go eat here again.
4	Point break roll - awesome!  Soft-shell crab - best I've ever had!  I love Kyoto!With choices to sit, eat, and drink at 1) the bar, 2) tables, 3) teppan table, and 4) sushi bar - you can live it up in many delicious ways!Located near other good sushi places, this one you may not see from the street.  So I think this place is more known by the locals, and oh so good.Very nice service, and less pretentious than the others just up the street.  I recommend this for a couple on a date, or a small group.  The teppan table seats 6 or 8, which is also fun for a little party, anniversary, birthday, etc.
5	Walking by this place, I always thought it was closed, but apparently its not!I had a craving sushi so my date took me here. What a shocker! The sushi was really yummy and the service was pretty good. This restaurant has a sushi bar, tables, teppanyaki tables, and a bar. I enjoyed the atmosphere, it was pretty low key compared to other sushi joints in Old Town, which is nice change. I will be coming back!
5	Yum!  Great big group experience.  Walked in not hungry and once the chef started chopping up the goodness right and front of me, I ended up ordering.Great Times!  Thanks Kyoto
5	I stopped in with a friend on a Saturday night after a friend had recommended it to me and was totally thrilled we did. We sat at a table for sushi and waited no longer than 10 minutes for a table - amazing for 8 pm on a Saturday in old towne.Unfortunately, they had sold out of the oysters, but the other dishes we'd ordered were fabulous - starting with a seared tuna dish, then softshell crab roll, rainbow roll, and the green mussels. The seared tuna was cooked and cut perfectly - just the right temperature with a peppery "rub," the rolls were a decent size with thick cuts of fish and plenty of flavorful crab, and the mussels were a tad overcooked for my preference but the creamy texture and buttery flavor still made it a winner. The thing I appreciated most was actually the service - we weren't rushed or hassled, and the food came out a dish at a time, giving us a chance to eat and enjoy before getting our next dish. At other sushi joints, I am constantly feeling rushed while trying to fit all of the dishes on the table (and I'm not what you'd call a slow eater!). This was a happy medium for me. The server confirmed that we were ready for the bill instead of just dropping it off without asking - it's the little details that make a big difference to me.My only other con was creepy old men leering at us from the bar...but that's what you get in Scottsdale.
4	Cheapest bento box lunch I've ever seen. Under $4??? And $6 for a sashimi bento box which includes 9 pieces of decent sashimi (3 tuna, 3 salmon, 3 yellowtail). Such amazing prices! Boyfriend likes the fish katsu, which reminds me of nicer fish sticks, and I had the pork katsu which was not bad, but not amazing. Next time I would get the teriyaki or just the sashimi. Overall, very nice service  - they had no problems splitting our tab with the other person we went to lunch with - and pretty decent food for the price. Definitely a great choice for a cheap and filling lunch.
4	The only sushi place I go to during non happy hour times.  The sushi here is really good and affordable.  I highly recommend trying this place out.  I would give it 5 stars however the wait on a Saturday night was over an hour and staff at the time look like they could be working at a Texas BBQ place (not an insult, as they were friendly but just unexpected for a Japanese restaurant.)
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! I've been eating at Kyoto for years. The service is good, the food is amazing, and the atmosphere is chill. My friends and I go here and love sitting around the table for teppanyaki because the showmen are really funny and entertaining. I will keep going here and I will always name Kyoto first in my recommendations for great sushi places.
5	Greatest sushi find in Scottsdale. Pricing is unbelievable not even taking into account the great location. Nigiri orders $3 for two pieces?  Where do you see that?  Quality is awesome and the staff is great. Atmosphere is...well let's just say retro and if you see it with those eyes your gonna walk out with a five star experience. I'm so sick of walking out of sushi places feeling like I've just been taken advantage of. You will never walk out of Kyota with that in mind. And the have teppen yaki tables too!  Maybe next time, but as for now I just keep going in for the sushi.
1	They don't cook the fried rice in front of you.  The scallops are the sandiest I have ever tasted...almost not edible. The vegetables tasted like...vegetables...minus flavor. The soup was salty. The salad was...ok. There is nothing desireable about the teppanyaki experience. The sushi looked good. I won't ever know if it is because I have no desire to go back there. Since there are other restaurants that have amazing sushi...I won't be back. Last, the server, was sub par and didn't deserve the tip we gave her. Don't go here...there are so many restaurants that are better in Scottsdale.
4	This place is a treasure in Old Town Scottsdale! Consider yourself lucky if you need a cheap lunch in Scottsdale because this is as good as it gets! I LOVE their sushi and lunch specials. $3.95 for a full chicken terriyaki lunch, with salad!! I guess they don't believe in inflation? These prices cannot be found anywhere else...ESPECIALLY NOT in old town. Their rolls are unbelievably cheap too! I had an order of oysters one day and it was...AMAZING! Once again...cheap oysters that are fresh and served on a plate of ice. What more can you ask for?
3	Used to be the greatest spot for _real_ sushi in Metro Phoenix -- and with real sushi, I mean real fish (Sashimi etc.), and not massaged rice with fancy names and no content.Lately, though, (last 2-3 months) the fish hasn't been as fresh. I hope the owners return to their original greatness...
3	Was having a great experience until my girlfriend pointed out a roach on the sushi bar! I understand it can happen, but it really did ruin my appetite. :(
1	One star for the most terrible service in recent memory.  Our server "DK" was outright rude and horrible, and outright ignored us when she wasn't making us uncomfortable.   As a former waitress of 14 years, I have the utmost respect, patience and tolerance for my former bretheren - but this woman needs to go.  BAD DK!  Otherwise, our Teppiniyaki (sp?) chef was wonderful, the food was delicious and fresh and a solid four stars.  I have been going to Kyoto since 1995 and it remains a fun and festive place with very reasonable prices.  Too bad it was ruined this time by DK!   DK needs a different job, more suited to her personallity, like euthanizing kittens or something.
5	Best sushi in town!  It is my favorite lunch spot because their lunch specials are incredibly cheap and their sushi is always so fresh.  I've been coming here over 10 years and the atmosphere is the same.  We take friends that are from out of town here for sushi and teppanyaki (in the evenings).  Best place ever!
5	My first Sushi experience ever when I lived in Phoenix. Still in my mind as the best place I've ever been. Pretty famous place for famous people. I remember the owner being a really friendly guy and there are actually Japanese sushi masters making the sushi.
4	Great find! The boyfriend and I were aiming to check out Geisha A Go Go's happy hour but no seats and loud music drew us to find a more intimate spot. Kyoto hit the spot! The sushi was great at a reasonable price off the regular menu. The staff was friendly and laid back yet still attentive which was refreshing.  I loved all the rolls we tried: (in order of favorites) caterpillar, Philadelphia, Salmon volcano (warning it is salt that they light on fire), tuna maki, and another I can't remember. Although the boyfriend is still partial to Roka Akor, I think this is my new favorite location! I definitely cannot wait to come back and please open a location in Glendale!
4	Best sushi in Old Town.  A part of me does not want to give Kyoto great reviews in fear that it'll take me a few more minutes to get my sushi fix.  For the first 2 years living in Old Town I thought this place was closed down.  The shutters are always closed and looks dark in the outside but I'm very happy to find it open.  I've only had the sushi and not the tepenyaki.  Like what others said, prices are very good for Old Town and quality is good.  It's 10,000 times better than Ra.  Granted the atmosphere isn't hip but you're there for the sushi, right?  If you want atmosphere go to Ra.
5	Great food!!! Our bartender Erik took care of my fiance and I very well.  Great atmosphere and prices!!!  We highly recommend this restaurant!!!
5	Best table prep I have seen since that place in the Biltmore....love their sushi as well.  This is a downtown Scottsdale attraction and rightly so!  A must see and eat place.We have gone there every year for my wife's birthday since we have been married, and that's now 9 years.  Always great service, and good food.
5	Awesome lunch specials for crazy cheap.  Greta sushi as well. Never had a bad experience.
5	I've been going here for almost a decade now.  I love it.  Great prices, great sushi, great chefs.  They have lots of ingredients, including some of the more rare ones like kampyo.  I almost always order a couple of rolls made "my way"...all veggies!  YUM!!!!
4	Great deal in  old town scottsdale
4	The service was very quick and the waiters were very friendly. The food was great as well. I wish they had a more detailed sushi menu for people who are new to sushi.
3	Fish was fresh-new sushi eater loved the candy cane roll!  Friends found the having to write the order ourselves weird.
4	Kyoto continues to be a rockin' good time! Every time I visit, Kyoto provides an activity dinner experience! Between the saki bombs, the entertaining chef and the good food, Kyoto has the tri-fecta. Be warned that on the weekends, you will experience a wait, so it's best to call ahead and make a reservation.
4	Stopped by here for dinner the other night while on a business trip to Scottsdale.  Sat at the sushi bar and was greeted by a friendly hostess and attentive sushi chef.  I ordered the Ichi Roll, which had spicy tuna, shrimp tempura, crab meat and avocado.  The roll was really good.  I also enjoyed Maguro, Sake and Hamachi sushi which were silky smooth and very good.  Service was excellent and I've heard good things about their lunch menu as well.  May have to stop back on another trip to Scottsdale.
4	Sushi that won't strain your budget.  Kyoto Japanese has been my go to place for Sushi for 25+ years now.  Lunch is the best value in town.  If you are looking for a swank, place to be seen Sushi joint, then head down the street to one of the other plentiful Japanese / Sushi restaurants.  If you are looking for a place with good sushi at a reasonable price and a friendly staff to serve you, then visit Kyoto.  I did notice that they recently raised prices after 25 years but I think you can still afford it. The price for a Tuna Roll is now a whooping $4.  Come on....you can't beat that and it is always fresh.   The Teppanyaki tables are fun and entertaining.Oh, almost forgot......A Sake Bomber / Sake with a 22oz Beer is just $6 (at least last time I checked) If you have not been to Kyoto, be sure to make this one of your upcoming destinations.
3	I've been to Kyoto a handful of times through the years... it's an Old Town Scottsdale staple.  Whether you're looking for sushi or hibachi; you're dining solo or with a group; you can find what you're looking for here, but you do have to choose between the sushi side and the hibachi side of the restaurant.I've been for both and neither has blown me away, but if you don't have extremely high expectations, this place really is A-OK.  Service is attentive and somewhat quick.  Prices are moderate, but if you're eating sushi, it can add up quickly!I do like Kyoto as it's not your typical Old Town scene; it's a bit on the older and more casual side, which I like.Some highlights from my last meal (and keep in mind that I'm pregnant, so I had to go with all cooked fish this time):-edamame-salad with japanese dressing-futomaki roll-caterpillar rollWhile I'm not rushing back, I don't think Kyoto is going anywhere, so I imagine I'll be returning eventually.  Remember, it's A-OK as long as you don't have high expectations.  Enjoy!
1	METAL WIRE WARNING.My wife and I went there last night for dinner.  We ordered some sushi and a shrimp tempura appetizer.  The tempura came out first, 10 minutes before the Edamami that we asked for three times...and when I bit in, I felt something sharp on the inside of my mouth.  Upon further examination, I pulled a metal wire out of my mouth.  A wire, which cut the inside of my mouth.  It appeared to be something off a scrub brush.I asked for the manager.  He came over and took the wire to examine it.  Upon his return, he said, "I'm sorry, If you want I can take back the tempura and you don't have to pay for it."That was so nice of him not to charge me for eating a metal wire and cutting the inside of my mouth!  Ridiculous.  We'll never go back.
3	It's been a while. Ok..... Still impressed with the pricing. Affordable for sure. I like the re model. Thought they were building a patio, but maybe not. New windows were cool. Not sure how to describe the service. Server, blah and I mean pretty blah. Doesn't mean she did a bad job. Just blah. Can Kyoto invest in server uniforms? We still had a good time. Will be back. Hope they will take a hard look at the service that they provide.
5	Got to revise my review. Wrote a few months ago that the quality had slipped, but they are back to their old strength, and then some. Awesome sashimi! Besides the usual (tuna, yellowtail etc,), they had Marlin and Mahi today - wow!Service has always been great, by the way.
1	My mom and I were drawn in by the reasonably priced lunch menu and convenient location- but we quickly discovered that the reasonable menu equated terrible food.  The lunch menu is priced so reasonably ($5-$8 for a complete bento box) that I worried about the quality of the food as we placed our order.  My mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box.  Neither of us liked the salad dressing (too much ginger), although people who like ginger will probably enjoy it.  I literally had to spit out my first bite of sashimi (tuna).  It was the most fishy and rough piece of fish I've ever tasted.  It was absolutely atrocious and the flavor remained in my mouth long after i spit it out.  After that first bite, I decided against trying the other sashimi out of concern that I would get sick.  My mom's chicken was also terrible- she described it as tough and over cooked.  We politely told the waitress (an older lady, possibly the owner) that we were both unable to eat our meals.  She rudely informed me that the fish was fresh and there was nothing wrong with it.  (note: if that is what they consider fresh fish, then their standards are VERY low).  I apologized and told her that I was unable to eat it.  She grabbed the plate away, but refused to take my mother's food (stating that there was nothing wrong with the chicken).  Another waitress came by and we explained the situation to her.  She was very nice and apologized, and my mom and I left the restaurant.  The food was so atrocious that we literally left without eating!
5	My go to place for sushi.  5 because the price is right.  Point Break roll will rock your world.  Bartender is a really nice guy.  Ambience is old school and is a nice break from a lot of the sushi spots in old town.
2	I haven't visited for lunch - which apparently I am missing out on based on the reviews below! Anyway, I have been twice for a dinner and it has been sub-par.  Most recently I visited this past weekend 8/24/13.  Sure, they may have the cool fire and loud, clanging spatulas - but it seems like more gimmicky than anything; I would take Benihana over Kyoto any day. Also, the staff we had both times were also sub-par.... which truly fulfills the need for this restaurant to be rated "Meh. I've experienced better."
5	The BEST sashimi in the valley! Ask for belly-cut yellowtail; so tender and juicy! They also have teppan tables that are fun to sit at if you're with a big party. The filet and scallops are delicious, the marinade compliments both of them. There can be long waits on the weekends, but it's definitely worth it!
5	I went to Kyoto with some girlfriends from work and we had a blast. Let me just say their bento lunch specials cannot be beat. To start, we all ordered the miso soup- IT WAS EXTRAODINARY! I would live off that soup if I could. It had so many mushrooms in it which I love. For my meal,  I got the chicken in teriyaki sauce- which came with salad, rice, and orange slices. I ate it all. The best part all of my meal was only $6. I had friends get the sashimi and the tempura bento boxes. I think I might try the tempura box the next time we go. The server and host were very nice.
3	Eh? Not impressed, I came Years ago and comparing quality I can see standards are fleeting. I ordered 3 sushi rolls and I can say im not impressed, all came out promptly however the third was an eel  variety that actually had bones in it. After my first bite and attempt to save my esophagus I was turned off and couldn't finish anything..For being 8-9 on a Friday I was disappointed there we're more empty tables than not..Saving grace saki comes with every beer? Yes please!! This may have been my last horrah (sp?)  For Scottsdale dining for some time..
5	Best sashimi in the valley hands down! The yellow tail, tuna, salmon, rainbow rolls are all amazing!
3	Not that great.... and that's my review....Just kidding. Well, kinda. Kyoto used to be good. They don't have bento boxes anymore, but they still have cheap lunch specials... But that's just it, cheap. Their fish/sushi is cheap too, and that's probably why they can afford to sell their items cheap. The servers don't even really talk to you or even check on you.Poor customer service, and poor quality of food. I only give them 3 stars because they were quick, and located right in the heart of old-town.
1	I have been to Kyoto several times and food is good for the PRICE especially lunches. Phoenix has surprisingly good sushi restaurants and Kyoto is one of them. It's not NY nor LA but...My biggest beef(or tuna) with Kyoto is their lack of sympathy for people with service animal. They DO NOT allow service animals in their restaurant.  We have two Yorkies and they are our service  dogs.  We have never been denied access to a restaurant before. This is not very AMERICAN. Maybe it's a Japanese thing:(Anyway NO GO for animal lovers!
4	I've been to Kyoto about 100 times for lunch, and I've never been disappointed.  Great prices, and a very friendly staff.
3	Food was excellent, the chef at the table was good, however the wait staff as well the bartender were extremely oblivious to their surroundings.  Not once was I offered another drink.  I constantly had to flag someone down in order to keep from being parched.
1	Not impressed. The service was slow and they never asked for drink-refills. The waitress seemed to be MIA most of the night. I was excited to hear that they serve GLUTEN FREE soy sauce but you have to watch how they prepare it. They poured normal soy sauce all over my meal and I had to have them recook mine. We had a large group of ppl (15) and we agreed we won't be returning. On a positive note.....the sushi was awesome!
5	I love this place! I been dining here for 12 years. Very low price for lunch and fish is flown fresh daily!
4	Outstanding service from Nuko...The rolls and sushi are of great quality considering the price. You must try the point break and the candy cane rolls -They are to die for. You can eat well for two by sharing sushi and rolls for approximately $ 42 + tip. Love this place and think it will become my go to sushi place - They also have the teppanyaki tables which I haven't tried yet.
5	One of my favorite spots in in town. The good it's always good and the service is tops. I recommend the salmon volcano roll if you are on a date. She will be impressed when that comes out. The parking has valet do that's another plus for dates. Me and my girlfriend did the teppan so I recommend that cause the chefs are really skilled and the food is delicious. The price for this place is very reasonable since you are in Scottsdale. Guys if you need a place to go and want to impress your date go here.
3	Went for a friend's birthday and it was a pretty good time.  Sat at one of the tempanyaki (if that's how you spell it) tables which are community tables so you'll be sitting with other people at the same table.  Chef was great but did all of the go-to tricks like the volcano and flames on the plate, etc.  Would go back again but would try other places like this first, not exciting enough to become a regular here.
1	Lukewarm hibachi experience.    The fried rice is pre-made,  not prepared on the grill.   Also,  our chef chopped up the shrimp (I suspect to give the illusion you're getting more).    I ordered shrimp/chicken hibachi and  all of my shrimp was chopped up like "kibbles and bits" dog food.   (Do you really have to chop up medium sized shrimp, geeez aren't  they already shrimp??).   Also. The veggies were significantly over cooked.   The chicken was good.   On the other hand, Kyoto has superior customer service; when I discovered my fork was dirty (hard white material) they promptly brought me another one.
2	My husband and I visited this past weekend for the second time. The first time was about 4 years ago and the food and service was excellent. Unfortunately this time was unsatisfactory. First, I called to make a reservation and was told to come at a later time because the restaurant was busy. When we arrived 20 mins earlier, the restaurant was dead. We sat at an 8 person grill with one other couple. The chef came quickly and our food was all prepared in 15 mins. My main complaint concerns the portions of food. I ordered the shrimp dinner and was given 8 tiny shrimp. I was hungry when we left. At other teppanyaki restaurants, the portions are healthy and satisfying. My husband ordered steak and shrimp. The steak was overcooked and he also received 8 shrimp. His portions were acceptable. His meal was $5 more than mine and received twice the amount of food. Moral to this story - order a combo or you'll be hungry and I mean very hungry!!!
4	I was first taken here by a restaurant owner from CN.My knowledge is not reliable. I went a half a dozen times. For an unsophisticated person I really enjoyed everything. It is a fun place, clean, centrally located, attractive, good chefs and I tried more than half the menu. For myself it was great!
4	This is one of my favorite local sushi joints! For a fresh and inexpensive sushi meal they can't be beat. Great service, great sushi, always fresh and really great prices. A wonderful neighborhood sushi joint.
5	Awesome spot. Food was excellent and prices were very reasonable. The service was stellar and the vibe was welcoming. Highly recommend.
4	Great place for hibachi and definitely worth a try for their sushi. The tables can get a little tight with a big group,  so be prepared to get really cozy with your neighbors. The chefs are awesome and highly entertaining. Sushi chefs definitely know what they are doing and the bartender was hilarious. Definitely worth checking out.
5	The sushi is always so fresh, been visiting this pplace for 14 years.  Eric is an amazing bartender.  Super cool dude!
4	I have been going to this place for thirty plus years. It is in serious need of an update inside and out. The upside is that the food is great and the prices are even better. We had tempura, a specialty sushi roll, and a chicken bento box for $20. Seriously good deal.
4	I'm surprised that this place does not have more reviews... We started coming here 12 years ago, when we just to come for vacations.The sushi if good (not amazing) and the prices are by far the best around the old town area.. My favorite roll at this place is the tootsie roll.
5	I have been going to Kyoto for more than 20 years. It's still my favorite sushi in Scottsdale.
4	Don't expect perfection or anything too fancy at Kyoto. It's a hidden right in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale. Their sushi is decent and well priced for what you get. This is our very casual go to with friends when we don't want to drive up to Sakana. Hot saki (bombers) come free with beer - potentially a great spot to get a nice buzz before a night out in Old Town.
5	this review is for their lunch. One of the best values hidden in old town Scottsdale. I had their sashimi plater. for $8 you got 9 pieces of fresh sashimi, rice and salad. I have also tried their kautsu lunch and that is a steal as well.
