3	This indoor shopping mall is balanced between housing well-known names such as Hallmark and Radioshack, and local businesses.  There a few great places for unusual gifts, such as Art Mart.  Sadly, they've lost many retail businesses and have started relying on office space rental to stay alive.  They used to have a Carsons as their main store, but it closed and became a Herberger's - that closed too and I think they'll be lucky to get another big store in there.  I hope they draw some new tenants because it's ideally located and has always had a great feel.
1	This is an awful mall. For the four years I went here I might have come here twice! They had pretty much no stores here because everything was shut down! The location is great but they need to do some remodeling and bring some better stores in!
3	Oh Lincoln Square Mall, you are what old friends and I have dubbed "The Sad Mall." Your halls are cool and spacious, void of customers. Sometimes you're exciting when you host events like the model train show, kitten adoption fair, or charity chocolate buffet, but most of the time you are quiet like a grandmother's house. You are my Anti-MarketplaceMall and I love you for it.Art Mart is cool. If you want baby clothes, healing crystals, food places that never seem to be open when you're there, or to work out at the gym, this is a great place for that too.
4	This is a very unusual mall. It is coming back from the dead.  New businesses are actually moving back into it. Soon, it will have a really nice yoga studio.  This February, most likely.
4	Suburbanites don't seem to know how to deal with a place like Lincoln Square, which is a good thing in my opinion. Instead what was once a dead mall is now an asset to the People's Republic of Urbana :)  It's got mid-century architecture, and a lot of interesting stores that are most definitely not the usual mall chain stores. I like the art supplies store, the quilting shop, and the Chinese restaurant. There's a good sized natural foods supermarket too, but that's a bit too pricey for me. All in all, a great alternative to the hellish shopping areas north of I-74.
