4	Good food, small hole-in-the wall place but food is authentic and yummy! I had the chicken tacos and the chicken was tender and not greasy. I have also had their menudo which was somewhat plain but I they give you things to put in it. I think they make it that way since people like their medudo different ways. Their pork burritos are great, i always get mine wet as i love the combination of the flavor of the meat and sauce. All together a good restaurant, I love this place :)
1	I have nothing against dives, as long as they're clean and the food is good. This place was not. The chips were greasy and stale. The food had no seasonings. Won't be going back.
3	The food is good, nothing extravagant or mind blowing.  The menudo during the weekends is always on point.  I usually get mine con pan, instead of with tortillas.  Since I've been eating here for so long I always find my self ordering the same items...  all the time.  If it's not a breakfast burrito (ham, egg and beans), then it's menudo.  Sometimes I get crazy and order the chile rellenos plate or camarones rancheros, both rarely disapoint.The camarones rancheros plate is a shrimp dish that is served with rice and Irma's signature runny beans.  It is served up in spicy red sauce that is "muy delicioso" and garnished with lettuce on the side.  The chile rellenos plate is what you would expect chile rellenos to be.  No suprises here, just good sized green chiles stuffed with white cheese and coated with egg.  This plate is served with the typical rice and beans and lettuce on the side.
1	Will not recommend this place to any of my family and friends living in Tolleson. The food was not good at all. Service was bad, she never came back to refill my coffee cup, which was the only thing I enjoyed.
4	Chorizo burrito con papas, juevos, queso y arroz is always good.  Grab the salsa verde to kick it up a bit ;)Been going for years, always good.Park in the street, tight parking
4	The menudo is the best! Beans are delicious and the food never changes. Here are the reasons I didn't give 5 stars. The restaurant itself is not in very good condition, it's defiantly a dive but overall I don't mind. They don't actually serve breakfast potatoes they serve French fries. Yes, I know they are both potatoes but it's just weird to me. A Mexican restaurant should serve Mexican style papas for breakfast not French fries. They only accept cash. Other than that this place is a regular stop for Sunday morning breakfast!
5	Yes this is a hole in the wall,but their red and green burritos are the BOMB !
