5	I've been coming to this place for years, or rather, ordering food for take out as it is extremely popular among the locals and simply delicious!It's a really small restaurant that does have some seating area but it feels extremely cramped if you stay there. The kitchen is also out in the open so you can see the chefs tossing their woks flames and all as well as smell the food as you sit for your meal. Most people come in, give their order and when it's ready - usually 15-20 mins- take it to go.They have a variety of options ranging from Chinese/Cantonese, Vietnamese and Thai dishes along with your western classics like eggrolls and general tao.If you're familiar with asian cuisine and would like a different noodle type or sauce that's not listed, they can probably cook it up just the way you want it.My Asian mom would often come in and chat up with the cooks and get a special dish that isn't listed on the menu.Prices have increased a little in the almost 10 years that I've been going there, but it remains cheap.Just to give you an idea, my favorite dish, the "Yang Chow" fried rice used to be around 6 $ back in 2003, and every year it seems to increase by a dollar. Portions are very big. This is the kind of restaurant where it is best to order  at least 2 or 3 plates and share.As per many asian or small businesses I noticed, this place accepts cash only.
1	Wanting a quick meal I stopped by this restaurant that seems to be very busy with take out orders.  I ordered a Pad-Thai to be safe and a friend ordered the Singapore noodles.  This was the worst pad Thai I've ever had. The overpowering smell of fish was disgusting. I asked for limes to offset the fish sauce and they brought me 3 shriveled dry limes that had at most 1 drop of juice left in them. I brought it up to the server and his reply was "no exchange". I said that I've had pad Thai hundreds of times at different places and I've never had it with this much fish sauce. The rude reply was "that's how we make, if you don't eat you stirr pay" I put it aside and shared the Singapore noodles with my friend. They were dry and not very good either, but it was edible. The shrimp tastes like it's been sitting on the counter for a month. You'll have suppress your gag reflex if you eat their shrimp. I honestly don't know how this place stays busy. All I know is with the abundance of Asian restaurants available in Brossard I'll be avoiding this place.
3	Not bad, but very greasy Asian style food. It's a hot spot and is always busy. So be prepared to wait a while. The guys there are nice. One problem is it's kind of old school with the whole only cash deal.
5	Ah Golden Bowl, or as everyone who knows me calls it "Chase's favourite restaurant"I bring everyone I can to this place because its great. I'm vegan, and they have amazing spring rolls that are vegan, general tao tofu, vegetable fried noodles and more. I've been going here for years and I need my fix at least once a month!Sometimes its super busy and it might take longer. Sometimes they cook the food too quickly and its not as amazing as it was the time before, but they always redeem themselves.The owner of the place is usually always there and he is super friendly.When I call to order, they know when I'm going to get and they know my name - feels great!Highly recommend.
