2	I really really wanted to like Luminarias the Desert Botanical Gardens. I thought it was going to get me in the holiday spirit. Unfortunately, that didn't completely happen. What I imagined it was going to be like was definitely not what I encountered.  You couldn't see any of the plants because they weren't lit up.  The luminarias only gave off enough light so that you could make out the outline of trees and plants.  Also, only like four or five trees had lights on them and none of the cacti or other plants had lights on them. The only lights were the luminarias that lined the pathways. Boo.  Also, there was live music...I was expecting holiday music. You know, "Walking in a Winter Wonderland" and stuff like that. Oh no, that wasn't the case. Instead, there was "Just the Way You Look Tonight". We looked at each other and wondered if we were at a wedding.Overall, it was definitely not worth the $25 admission fee for the Luminarias event. There was really nothing special about the event that made it seem worth that price. Plus, if you wanted any drinks (beer, wine, cider, etc), you had to pay for it at normal bar-type prices. For $25, I would have expected free hot chocolate and cookies at the bare minimum.
4	I was lucky to walk for free one night of Luminarias. I've been to the garden many times during the day, and a special walk to see the plants that bloom in the night. This is more of a romantic/melancholic walk, breath the oxygen been produced and with a clear night, watch some stars (or all the planes landing!)
5	This is the perfect way to get into the holiday spirit in the desert and quite possibly the best holiday activity to do in the Valley. As soon as Thanksgiving ends, I embrace the Christmas season. However, sometimes it can be hard to find an activity that embraces the season with me (in a way that's not overly cheesy and primarily for children at least). But then I found Luminarias. I don't think the description of Luminarias does it complete justice. This is a perfect evening activity for grown-ups. Think Christmas lights, luminarias (aka paper bags with candles), spiked coca & coffee, wine, beer and live music filling the air --- all in the midst of the beautiful Botanical Garden. During this seasonal event, they light up the entire garden with luminarias and Christmas lights and there's a different type of live music in every section of the Garden. As you walk through the Garden, you're surrounded by magical luminarias and plants lit by Christmas tree lights and bags filled with burning candles. This is truly an event that encourages you to get lost in the Garden and let the moonlight and candlelight guide you. In addition to beautiful lights, they liven up the atmosphere with live performances from jazz bands, handbells, carolers, Mariachi, country and more. It's very romantic and a perfect date night activity. Little Garden elves point you in the right direction to discover all that the event has to offer. It's definitely worth visiting. Make sure you give yourself enough time to explore and dress warmly too!
4	Walking in a desert wonderland...The luminaries at the DBG are one of the best ways to get into the holiday spirit!  Big cozy coats, pretty lights, warm drinks, festive music.  I like that this event isn't super Christmassy - don't go expecting to hear Jingle Bells throughout the property or catch a glimpse of Santa, because you won't.  Although there are a lot of kids here, I feel like it could be boring for the younger ones, it is more of a romantic, adult night out. There are a variety of musical acts - including some Christmas carolers and bell ensembles - but I am more attracted to the jazzy, bluesy ones!  I enjoy sitting back with a spiked drink and listening to some good, local music with my beautiful desert lit up all around. As magical as this event feels, the price is steep - $25 per person.  For that price I wish there were a drink or small bites included.
5	I go here every year with my Wife.  It makes for a beautiful night of holding hands in the crisp air while meandering down candlelit paths between the live musical performances.  I love the Native American flute/story-teller.  My wife love the "Dickens" carolers.Get your tickets early as the popular nights (Fridays and Saturdays) sell out quickly.  I also recommend to get there early.  You'l' be surprised how quickly the night goes.Dress warm!It really gets us in the Christmas spirit.
4	I actually visited DBG for Luminarias twice this year! We had a couple rounds of company come and it's such a fun event we brought them all.  It's not as overwhelming as zoo lights, plus you get live entertainment and can enjoy an adult beverage while you walk around. :) If you want to go on a busy night (aka weekends or right before Christmas) you should book ahead because they do sell out.  However, if you live here and are flexible you should become a fan on facebook because they often advertise half off tickets for slower nights. The only reason this review is a 4-star is because it's a little expensive... otherwise it's a GREAT time and I plan to go back next year!
4	We loved this event and sorry that it took us this long to visit after moving to the valley in 2006.  This year our original tickets was on a rainy & chilly Saturday night and thankfully the staff was helpful in allowing us to change to the next Saturday as the event wasn't officially rained out *yet* but this really would have killed it for us.  The next Saturday was dry and cool ... almost perfect!  We have been to DBG in the day many times and loved seeing the gardens in a whole different ... light.   The luminarias are really a special thing and the THOUSANDS of them are really something!  - This really is an adult event as I didn't see a bunch of kids (thankfully) as this probably won't hold their attention.  The ability to get some adult beverages and the music with the lighting really makes for a nice evening with the someone special.  Also we found a cool local band we liked (The Sugar Thieves)!
2	Went for first time last year.  Freezing.  I mean it.  Be prepared if you do go.   Check the weather first.  Don't bump into the lighted flames on walk... keep the kids in check.  A long walk in almost dark to some events.  Do not expect to see the Garden in it's glory.  Too dark.  I would add some more lighting, even if subdued, at the garden's most beautiful spots, and provide some heated areas in the remote areas.  Could they give out free hot cider.  Nice caroling... but the entertainers looked like they were turning blue.
5	I love Christmas-time and I especially love it because I know that Luminarias is back and this year it's better than ever! The staff and volunteers at the DBG do an excellent job of directing guests through the garden. Between the well-lit paths (with Luminarias of course), helpful staff and amazing acts, this is an event not to be missed! I consider this to be the ultimate activity for adults. It's romantic if you're on a date, it's festive if you're with your family and it's just pure fun if you're with friends. You enter the park to be immediately greeted by hundreds of meowganificant Luminarias lighting up the entire garden. Cocktail stations lie in every knook and cranny and they serve delicious festive drinks like my favorite, hot cocoa and raspberry vodka! If you're hungry, they sell food throughout the garden at two locations. Then there are the performers. The DBG does an amazing job of bringing in musicians of every shape and size. Whether it's a trio of Christmas carolers, a mariachi band or a lively Jazz band, they have bands in every corner lighting up the night! I am also continuously impressed with the acoustics of the garden. With so many live acts in one area, you can barely hear a specific act until you are in that area. Their event planners did an amazing job! Luminarias is my favorite Arizona activity during the holidays and I can't wait to go back next year!!
5	An amazing holiday event that is a must visit each year.  It's also a wonderful event to take out of towners or to give as a gift.  The Luminarias is an adult holiday extravaganza!  This event includes 11 bands from swing to carolers.  My favorites were the Travelers who not only played incredible music but put on a good show, Chris Burton Jacome, Spanish Guitarist, who put on such an incredible beautiful and relaxing show and the Carolers who made you feel that Christmas had arrived.  This whole thing is set up in such a beautiful location with hand lit luminarias.   The garden had stunning sculptures pepped throughout by Carolina Escobar (changing exhibition) and Chihuly in the entry to the garden.  To boot there are plenty of bars serving wine, hot toddies and hot chocolate for the kiddies.  In addition, you can purchase meal tickets to their buffet which never lets down on a good meal where you can meet and chat with great people.All in all, it's a MUST visit with family and friends.  It always provides a wonderful evening.
5	This is a must for anyone in the valley during the holidays. This is my second year attending and once again I felt the Christmas Holiday as soon as I stepped into the gardens. Never feel like I have enough time hustling from band to band. DBG did another amazing job with a great selection of music, service and of course the beauty of the luminarias thru out the gardens. We had the set meal again this time and it was well worth the additional cost. Whether you want to relax by the fire listening to Spanish guitar, or get energized by the Travelers band the DBG Luminarias is one of the most memorable yearly events in Phoenix.This event is great for families, couples or friends.
3	12/20/122.5 stars.I suppose I had higher expectations after hearing about how beautiful the DBG gets during Las Noches de las Luminarias.  Bedazzled homes, malls, and restaurants have impressed me more in recent years that these plastic versions of brown paper bags with spent votives and ropes of lights wrapped around trees just seem amateurish now.  Don't get me wrong, there were moments where I did succumb to the beauty of it all, especially in front of the lighted and decorated giant Christmas tree and around a couple of bends when I spotted pillars of lights wrapped around the tops of a couple of buildings, beckoning me to come in for a closer look, while snippets of smooth jazz music would land on my ears like tantalizing silk ribbons...  Perhaps it was just too crowded tonight-- I didn't know it, but there was a buy one, get one special for the Luminarias exhibit ($12.50 per person, instead of $25).  There were so many people in attendance, that at one music stop, my cousin and I had to retrace our steps, as there wasn't at outlet around the mass of onlookers.  We felt bad for those families who had relatives in wheelchairs, for it was very cold, very dark, and very crowded to walk around safely.I know that with the right company (someone to walk hand-in-hand and snuggle with) and fewer people there, I'd have enjoyed myself better.  However, I don't think it's worth $25 admission per person on any day!  (I'll just hike around the block at my place a few times for cardio and spend $50 to decorate my home with mood-lighting... I guarantee I'll enjoy it a lot longer than one night at the DBG!)
5	Hubby and I have made Las Noches Luminarias a family tradition for the past couple of years.  It is known nationwide and is considered one of the top events to attend in the states.  I considered myself lucky that it is right in my backyard.  Now that more people know about it, it has become more popular which means the minute you hear it's coming back, get your ticket fast.  One time we messed around waiting and, by the time we decided to get tix, they were SOLD OUT.   I know it's only June now, but the winter holidays are right around the corner. It will be December! Six months flies.
4	This is an absolutely must in December.  We have gone every year for the past 4 years and it seems to improve each year. Though I wish they would bring some of the musicians back from previous years (more bluegrass!), changing it up keeps it interesting as well. The variety of music is fun and makes for a nice walk around the gardens.Depending on the seasonal sculpture exhibit, the gardens are absolutely lovely at night. Some years have been fairly ordinary with the exhibit not really enhanging the experience. However this year is utterly stunning with Chihuly glass scattered throughout the gardens and even lit up! Truly beautiful and a perfect way to showcase desert landscape to visitors. Strolling around with your family clutching hot cocoa or cider (perhaps with some Jameson or Baileys) and listening to carolers or big band swing is a classic experience all Arizonans should have. This is also one of the DBG's largest fundraisers, so it's important to show support for such a wonderful place in the middle of the city. It's doses of nature like this that keep me sane!
5	a nearly yearly event for us. usually it's freezing but tonight was gloriously moderate and we didn't feel frozen enough to rush through. added to that, the glass sculptor, chihuly was showcased (and will be for a few more months). to walk the desert paths lit with 8000 luminaries and be treated to such a great night exhibit is truly magical. my only gripe....sooooo many strollers, w/c's and FWW's. not that that's a bad thing, but when you take up the whole path, run over my feet a few dozen times, i start to get irritated. make reservations because they usually sell out. again, another reason to enjoy this great city!
5	Luminarias de las Noches meets Chihuly glass exhibit. Add in a full moon at the Desert Botanical Garden, and it's magic! I'll pay that $30 price tag, no problem. This was a fantastic exhibit because it included the Chihuly glass and I am a big fan, so fair warning, there was no way I wasn't going to love it. Without the Chihuly exhibit, yes, it would still have been lovely, but if they charge $30 for it in that case, I would have considered that overpriced. Real candles, albeit in plastic luminaries, lined the roughly 3 miles of pathways all around the Desert Botanical Gardens. It is a perfect romantic date, or a fun outing for the family or friends. Just lovely. They even have several locations at the end of paths with performers and chairs so you can take a load off. I saw a violinist and guitarist who also sang, as well as Native American drum and flute players. It was awesome. It's such a great setting, bumped up with elevated performances. There are a million ways to take a photograph here, whether just of the artfully lit Chihuly glass exhibits (of so many shapes and sizes) nestled amongst the landscape, or as a spectacular backdrop for a photo op with friends. Go long, go macro, whatever;  you'll have prime pickings of spectacular photographs that will certainly make an impression, whether that is on Facebook or as a print on one of your walls at home. Seriously, IMO, it's worth every penny.If you don't want to miss this, make sure that you make your reservation in advance and not just at the door, as they do sell out, but I was able to reserve my ticket within a week of my intended date. You might be able to score cheaper tickets if you watch their Twitter feed, as they occasionally offer last minute tickets at a major discount on days they are undersold. That's a pro tip right there, but it certainly isn't a guarantee, so choose wisely. I believe the Luminarias extends sometime into January, so you still have time to visit if you're interested, but the Chihuly exhibits are only here til May 2014, so don't miss out! It's a great experience either way, but it was so stunning coupling the Chihuly with the Luminarias. Well done, DBG! Thanks for a memorable evening. :))
1	Maybe my expectations were too high for this event, based on the $30 price tag.  Loved the Chihuly exhibit, but the luminaries didn't really add much more to the exhibit.  Without the Chihuly, i'm not sure why you would go to this event.  I think this is way overpriced.  The paths that did not have any Chihuly pieces were just dark paths with luminaries.....absolutely nothing to see.  I thought some of the desert plants would have some lighting, but they didn't....just dark paths through desert.  It was nice to walk around, but I could go walk through the dark desert with a flashlight and get the same effect.  Some of the entertainment was interesting, but nothing off the charts.  I'm going to save the $30 in the future.
5	One of the local jewels during the holidays in Phoenix. Luminarias is fantastic. It's romantic, beautiful, and imparts a wonderful holiday feeling. Over the years, they've added to the event with many more musical performances. There are also mini bars around where you can purchase wine or hot chocolate. Some of the DBG staff/volunteers are also standing around to help direct you as well and make sure you don't miss any of the trails! This year the Chihuly exhibit was going on at the same time which was truly amazing to see his work lit up at night and juxtaposed amongst the plants. It was the best Luminarias I've been to thus far!
4	What a lovely experience!!  Can't wait to do it again next year!The candles are all hand-lit and it's lovely to walk among lights and trees at night, clutching a hot cocoa or a glass of wine (yay, they serve refreshments)!  There are tons of lovely little nooks to sit in - a romantic bench below a lighted tree here, a lighted bridge there.  And the Chihuly exhibit at night is stunning!It's perfect for couples (it practically begs for hand-holding), but is also lovely for groups and such, especially if you can snag some seats at one of multiple live band locations.  It's a little spendy (about $30/person), but totally worth it.  The tickets sell out fast, so book early, and if you can get there right when it opens and catch the sunset, do!  If the weather cooperates (dress warmly, wear layers!), you'll want to spend a lot of time wandering around.  We were there just under two hours and were sorry to leave, so give yourself plenty of time.  I gave it 4 stars (rather than 5) only because (I know this isn't a popular opinion but) I'm not the biggest fan of the Botanical Gardens in general (it's a little bland for me) so the dramatic glass art exhibit really made a big difference, and I know those vary from year to year.  Also, it was incredibly crowded, and it seemed like the bands were playing for short periods of time.  Overall, such a wonderful, festive holiday experience!
1	Our family read about this great event and decided to give it a try - sounded fun! We purchased our tickets the day before which was a good thing because they were sold out. We arrived at 530 pm and there was ample parking. We headed to the gate and entered in the e-ticket line where I had to hear about how frustrating it was to scan the phone (then don't take e-tickets!). The lady at the front gate handing out maps was super friendly and really took time to make our 2 year old feel welcome and even got him a little wrist band like the rest of us had. We entered and people were just standing around. This was the theme for the night - lack of movement. We headed down the trails and it felt like I was a rat in a maze just looking for my way out. The trails were so congested that it was hard to move and to pull the little wagon I had the kiddos in. At first I felt bad about clogging up the narrow trails with my wagon but (1) it was better than letting them run loose and burning down the whole place or burning themselves and (2) the large scooters that were being rented out took up more room than my wagon. This was, in my opinion, not a very kid friendly event. My 4 year old kept asking why we had taken them there and after about 10 minutes I was wondering the same. There was live music but that still wasn't enough to bring up the star rating. The stations to purchase beverages were nice but also blocking access to getting around. I will agree with others that it is a beautiful thing to see -- but I would not go back - ever. The $30 price tag is way too steep for what this is. In New Mexico there is a shuttle tour that takes you through neighborhoods that decorate with luminarias and that is $3. Would I return? No way.
1	One disclaimer - I am someone who craves excitement and this was almost certainly a bad place for me to go.But to me, this seemed insanely priced for a kinda boring and cold walk. You and a bunch of other people basically walk along the paths of the garden, which are lined with luminary candles. There are a couple trees covered in lights. Every so often there are food and drink stations and bands playing genres of music I don't enjoy  - blues, folk, Native American flute, etc. I guess the garden itself has some sweet plants and is  kinda nice and I could see how people who are just looking for a relaxing stroll might really enjoy going to this, but that's not me.On the other hand parking was easily accessible and plentiful!
4	Over the years, my family and I became regular attendees of Luminarias and each time we've gone it's been different.   It is still a good time well spent but there are much fewer venues and less time to wander in the garden.The first time when we went in 2011 there were 40 venues and we were able to fully enjoy many of them.  We had started our venture that year at 6 PM and stayed till the very end.  And we discovered then so many artists and musicians such as Traveler.  Because of our lollygagging, we missed 2012.  So, I guess in that time, much had changed because when we went back last year there were only 14 venues!  Even though we know we can't see them all in that one night, it was the adventure of being lost in the cool night at the garden following the sounds of music that beckoned for us to come.And this year it was just 10 venues present plus a time restriction.  We could either purchase tickets for a 5:30 PM or a 7:30 PM session. Mind you, the event was scheduled to end at 9:30 PM.   My complaint is that two hours is not enough to see all the venues nor sit long enough to enjoy one or two venues in peace.  So, we felt rushed and paid way too much for a short visit.  This event is known world wide and now it's getting over-flooded with visitors which is causing the event to change drastically in an unfavorable way.  Too bad.
3	We checked out the luminarias for the first time this year and I am glad we did, but I don't think it is something I will do every year. I was put off by the $30 price tag because it seemed expensive, but they do have about 10 live music exhibits that make it nice. The drummer guy did a lot more talking than playing which led to major congestion on that trail. Also, the maze in the succulent garden was the photo prop for the night and you couldn't walk it if you wanted to because everyone was standing there taking pictures and blocking it. It is pretty, but I think the tickets need to be capped at a lower number to help with the flow.
3	Went to Luminarias for the first time this year, and it was a good time. Overall a really nice evening but would do things differently next time. We went to the later portion of the evening, and got the dinner tickets. Next year we will go at the earlier time, and skip the dinner. The food was bad, seriously...it was gross. It felt like it was catered by a senior living facility. Also, they don't make people who show up early leave, so it was really crowded. I would like to go earlier because it is nice to see the gardens with a little sunlight, and even cooler to see them first with sunlight, then the darkness. All the activities were really fun, I love the live music around the place and the lights were beautiful. Advice: Go to earlier show and skip the meal
