2	The large space with an upscale feel creates a positive first impression, but it doesn't take long before you start noticing little problems: weak coffee and generally mediocre drinks; bland and forgettable decor; awkward furniture that's stuck between normal height and highchairs; large tables spread sparsely through the space are great for groups, but provide limited seating that will fill up fast as soon as this place starts getting busier. It's only real selling points are a pool table and the convenience of being right across the street from the Overture Center parking ramp.
4	I'm writing this review on day 3 of operations at this new establishment, so I only expect things to improve from here. The upscale feel of this place is in keeping with the proximity to the Overture Center, and it's clear that the owners expect to capitalize on that venue. Located on the ground floor of the Metropolitan Place II condo tower, and across the street from the Overture parking ramp, the floor plan is open and airy. The coffee is Victor Allens, and tasted very good.  The music playing was soft jazz when I was there, unobtrusive and perfect for the space. The small case of bakery, breakfast sandwiches and (somewhat oddly) sushi provides a limited selection of items to go with the drinks, and they have some fruit available to join them. At the moment, they have few teas (all Tazo), but they are building the selection.Seating is somewhat sparse, and it's mostly around tables for 4+, or at the long bar. Part of the space has a pool table, which I suspect may become a draw in the evening. The decor is incomplete, but this is a known shortcoming, and the management told us that they are going to have more on the walls within a week. We were also told that they plan to have art installations, live music, and wine tastings. It is possible that this might become a student destination, with its proximity to the University, but I doubt it; the place is open 7 days a week, but closes at 10pm, so the are other places for them to go. All in all, it's off to a great start, and I think it's only going to get better.
5	Nice space, the furniture was both comfortable and elegant, free high speed Internet with many outlets!  The wine selection was very nice with good prices. I loved the beautiful crystal wine glasses. I love the free pool and the mango pudding was amazing! Perfect place to meet up with friends, relax, or work on laptop.
4	This place is the perfect location for drinks before/after a show at the Overture! I wish they were open when I used to live down here. There's a pool table, and the place feels very spacious. I wish they had more sofa-like seating though. I can imagine people playing board games down here.
5	This place is great -- although I agree with some of the comments that the decor and furniture could be improved slightly (more couch/lounge finishings), it's a great selection of quality coffee, wine, beer, and snacks.  Staff is also very friendly.  The pool table is an awesome addition.  The large space provides versatility, you can be enjoying a good book in one corner and have plenty of space so you aren't bothered by others talking.  Of course free and open wifi.  Location is great, ideal for those parking in the Overture ramp or going to the new library once open.
1	Terrible ambiance, bakery/sandwiches are stale, coffee only fair,chairs are uncomfortable, nothing warm or cozy about this place
5	As a coffee purist, the fact that they use frozen ice coffee as ice garners them 5-stars, easily.And when you throw in the quirky interior (pool tables, chess sets, book cases, oh my), the awesome tea list (where they use actual tea leaves, mind you) and friendly staff, you've got yourself a recipe for success!
4	Pool table. Check!Chess. Check!Coffee. Check!Tea. Check! Wine! Check.What more do you need? How about free WIFI and ample space for groups to meet?!
