5	I'll start this review out by saying I am certainly no strongman competitor and am not seeking to become one. Although this is a strongman man gym, they are very open to anyone looking to get an intense workout. Come in ready to bust your ass.I fell in love with this small, 3,000 sq. ft. gym after my very first workout. They have everything from light to heavy free weights, tires, sleds, traditional weights, sledges, etc. Most people that come in here are either strongman competitors, professional firefighters(Scott, the owner, is a PFDFirefighter and Arizona Strongman), or just people looking to push themselves in a gym with just the necessities and none of the frills.They offer small lockers, a bathroom, towels, but not much else. This, in my opinion, is great for really getting down to business. It's no Lifetime Fitness where there are tvs and other meaningless distractions to detract  you from a good workout, so don't expect to be pampered. The staff is very friendly, they are all in great shape and are there for the love of it. The membership rates are awesome as well, as it is month to month and no contracts.All in all, if you want to push yourself, whether it be heavier weights or better results, I would recommend this place 100%. I have never trained with Scott, but from watching him train other people, I have no doubt in my mind he will push you to your limits, and you will be grateful. Oh, and by the way, mind your manners and use your common sense here. Be respectful of the gym(come in ready to get down or get out), be mindful of others, and for God's sake, re-rack your weights and clean up after yourself! Not only will you lose your gym privileges, but you will have to pay a reinstatement fee to come back. This is no joke! Pick up after yourself, we are not your mothers.I will try and post a picture of all the gym rules, they are quite humorous, but they are there for a reason!
5	This place used to be great! They are no longer in business as they have changed their name and business theme. They are now called SpartanFit CrossFit, there is no strength side left to speak of but if your looking for a crossfit gym this is one of the nicest I have ever seen.
