5	My experience at Physiotherapy was fantastic.  I have had numerous knee surgeries, suffered complications, and had to attend PT for 10+ months 3-5 times a week.  The staff was attentive and friendly and made the experience as enjoyable as it could have been.With any physical therapy, hard work has to come from the patient as well as the therapists.
1	DO NOT GO HERE. DO NOT GO HERE. DO NOT GO HERE. And whatever you do, do NOT see Michael (the guy from Florida), I had a very very minor knee injury and I don t think he really knew what was wrong with my knee so instead of referring me to someone who could fix me, he had me do the wrong exercises for my knee which screwed it up really bad!!!!!I could not walk for a month, and its been 8 months now and my knee is still horrible, I am getting my second MRI today, I ve gone to tons of doctors and other physical therapists, I don t know what he did to my knee but he screwed up it really bad. I m hoping that I don t have to get surgery. All thanks to Michael the most horrible Physical Therapist around. I repeat, DO NOT GO HERE. Dancing, running, physical activity, that was my life. All I had was a super super minor injury. But Michael completely ruined my knee, he ruined my life, so thanks Michael. It's been a very painful 8 months thanks to Michael from Physiotherapy Associates in Tempe. I am taking my time to write this review for everyone out there so you do not have to go through the pain that I am still going through months later.
4	A 5 for the physio. Kirsten, (or Kristen, or something like that) was knowledgeable, patient, encouraging and overall upbeat girl. A  4 for the other physios who cover for her when she was out of town, or once I was recovering and was transferred to a lighter treatment. Professional and knowledgeable.A 1 will definitively go for the administration, because the Dr sent me to 30 or 32 sessions. I went to 27, maybe 28, and to my surprise, a month or two months later, I got a phone call from their billing department  charging me for some sessions, when I did actually had session to spare.I had to go to the offices in Tempe, and they finally fixed their paperwork issues.My sessions went from late November 2011 to early 2012 between 2 and 3  times per week.
4	Here for my knee after surgery.  After one session with my PT my knee felt better.  I have a few more sessions to go but am very happy so far.  The facility is Hugh.  Pool, locker rooms, batting cages, weights, fitness equipment..... Lots of professional athletes come here.
2	Was referred here by my orthopedic surgeon.  Suppose to have an appointment with Kayla.  Was running late for my first appointment, so I called to see if I should still come in or reschedule.  They told me to come in, so I estimated 15 minutes late and arrived 25 minutes late due to Tempe art festival traffic.  Upon arrival I was told (albeit politely), that I would have to reschedule.  Total time spent for me driving back and forth one hour and no rehab :( Pretty bummed because I was really looking forward to getting started... I'm an an ER doc in the area, so with my random schedule it's tough to find good times to come in.  I can't comment about how good they are, because I didn't make it to my first appointment, but I will be going elsewhere to rehab my ATFL sprain.
