4	Bistro Etc is a tasty little bistro in the Plateau district. It's a cute restaurant, definitely date material and perfect for a gathering of friends and family. The decor is dark wood, classic bar, and traditional. A projector screen is strategically placed by the bar. Perfect for catching up on sports games and the olympics.For dinner I had the steak bavette. It was cooked in red wine and accompanied with frites maison and a salad. Even though my dish was supposed to come with a salad, it was plated with cooked zuchini, carrots, and bell peppers instead. My friend ordered the same thing and his came with a salad. I liked mine better though. The steak was perfect. I ordered it medium but it would definitely taste even better a little more pink. The frites were are absolutely delicious. They weren't the skinny fry type but a little thicker. They tasted like a crispy baked potato.  The bread served was fresh baked and warm. Everything was good.We had a vegetarian with us and she didn't have any trouble finding something to eat. The waitress was very nice and explained all the dishes to us because the menu was written in French. Bistro Etc has everything from salads to burgers to pasta and steak.When the bill came, we were each given an individual bill (something that is frowned upon in the USA) without any problems. A handy dandy credit card machine made paying speedy and effortless. We enjoyed our dinner so much that we returned the next morning for Sunday brunch. I was tempted to get a steak again but opted for the Avocat sandwich. It had a thin piece of chicken breast with a slab of goat cheese and avocado. It was alright. Paired with a salad the meal was not too heavy but filling enough to give me energy to start my day. Bistro Etc also has many omelettes as well as the standard bagel and cream cheese and yogurt for breakfast to choose from.Service is a little slow at Bistro Etc but the food makes it worth it. It's relatively inexpensive and the quality is good.
2	So as far as food goes, Bistro Etc. is pretty ok. Nothing sensational, just your standard diner fare. We had breakfast there and my omelet was filling, but just ok. I was just a bit put off by the service. Granted it was a busy Saturday morning, but we were left standing up front for a long time and I just eventually sat myself down. I don't know if this pissed off the servers because we were ignored for at least ten minutes before anyone acknowledged us. Maybe they sensed we were out-of-towners or something, but I felt really uncomfortable. I was getting ready to leave when a server finally came over to take our order. Then it was another long wait for food. The whole experience left me cranky and put a damper on my whole day. If you have a higher tolerance for this type of service and you think the food is worth it, by all means ignore my review. This place just didn't live up to my basic minimal standards for a pleasant dining experience and it's overpriced.
1	Closed
