4	I'm still at a toss up at whether or not time shares are worth it. The Cancun Resort is like having a little taste of Mexico without having to cross the border. The pool is amazing. It's huge with built in water falls, water slides and a Mayan pyramid as a focal point. I don't recommend being adventurous and going down the slides when you don't know how to swim. I near died when i reached the bottom (it was like a re-birth of traveling through dark canals then being thrown into the wild. I needed a doctor to slap me silly). Yes, a baby can truly drown in just 2 inches of water. A kind life guard did give me a hand and I bounced back and continued to enjoy the pool. They give you foam noodles and floatable mats for you to lounge on. The pool boy will even give you suggestions on where to party. This pool is so vast you will never bump into anyone even though everyone's got some sort of floatation device. It's a good spot for families to relax.The rooms are like little apartments with 2 bathrooms, one master suite, a room with two twin beds, a full kitchen, a dining room, living room with a pull out sofa, and a balcony. They're clean but really dark. This place could use more lamps and brighter light bulbs. The accomodations are pleasant enough.My only real complaint is the location of the resort. It's so far off the strip a cab ride will cost you $20 and the free shuttle takes forever!!! What a waste of time and money. Sometimes the shuttle never even came back or showed up. I recommend renting a car to get to the strip if you plan on hanging out over there. BTW, who goes to Vegas to not hang out on the strip? I don't get it. I will say though in the day time, the shuttle driver was very nice. There is a shopping center (grocery store and Starbucks) across the street. The cross walk is inconveniently placed and running across the driving lanes dodging cars going 60mph is a bit like playing Frogger. The shuttle driver was generous enough to go off route and give us a ride across the street. Best errand run ever. Fill up on bagels, rotisserie chicken, and full size bottles of alk and you are good to go. Remember these rooms come with a full kitchen so make yourself at home before you head out to party (pre party. pre party). Oh there's also a gym here if sweating in the Vegas sun is not enough for you.
2	I think I better just list this one: Pluses: 1) water slides are awesome.2) rooms are good size. 3) kitchen's in the room make for cheap eats. 4) bar by the pool is "reasonable" I put that in quotes because it is Vegas.5) Free pool towels (see minus below that goes with this) 6) Hammocks in the shade. Minuses: 1) Pool is NOT like the advertise on the website. There is no "adult" pool. There aren't any real separate pools, just the side with the water slides and the side with out the water slides. 2) METAL POOL CHAIRS!? Seriously!? Pool chairs with metal frames in VEGAS. Talk about burning your skin. Or as my friend so dramatically put it while sitting up to go into the pool "Why does Cancun Resort hate me?"3) Only 6 towels per room. Which would be fine if you had 3 people. You need 2 towels for the pool: 1 to lay out on and 1 to cover the metal pool chairs that conspire to burn off any bits of skin that may come into contact with them. We had 5 people, I had to argue for my extra towels. 4) The "life guards" (aka high school kids on summer break) went around randomly closing umbrella's with no explanation. Hello? This is Vegas, I am pushing 30 give me some shade!!! Its like the drug companies paid them to force us all to have cancer. In the words of Stephanie Tanner "How Rude!"5) No outside food or drink in the pool area, but you CAN purchase drinks from their bar. Ummm... NO! We brought our own stuff and no one said anything. So I guess this is a wash, but just the hypocrisy of the sign irritated me. 6) The time share sales staff are the most unorganized, non-helpful bunch. We were committed to listening to an hour and a half speal about how great the resort was, when we tried to move the time the girl in the sales office was unhelpful and didn't change our time slot (luckily if you start complaining about all the things that need to be fixed your 1.5 hour tour turns into 5 minutes. SWEET!)7) Location is meh if you want to go to the strip. They do have shuttles which are awesome and we never waited long for, but they stop running at midnight, which sucks in Vegas. It is a 20 dollar cab ride back from the strip. Plus, when you're that far away you have to plan going to the strip not just walk down stairs. Which is kind of a bummer. 8) Holy Tattoo's! I am not one to be totally judgmental because I myself have a few strategically placed ink, but wow. I saw more ink and young people with babies here then anywhere else in my life. It is definitely a "different" crowed then you would find at the MGM, Planet Hollywood, or even say Hooters. If you have ink and lots of babies, awesome. It just wasn't the scene I was expecting. All and all, not a horrible experience, but I would never pay to stay here (this trip was free thankfully), if it were offered as a free trip again I think I would pass and pay to stay at Planet Hollywood, MGM, or even Hooters over this place. Thanks for the weekend Cancun, but no thanks.
2	If I had the energy I'd write more but for now I say ditto to J.R. who truly captured our Cancun experience. I'm not sure why you'd bring kids to Las Vegas but if you do this we be a pretty decent spot for that purpose. The kitchenette would definitely help on cutting down on eating out and the water slides were fantabulous fun. I liked the waterfall except it attracted the young ones which was not what I was looking for in a Las Vegas getaway. I'm sure there might come a day for me. Thanks for the low cost vacation Cancun Resort. Sorry to the poor time share presentation guy who apparently could tell he wasn't making a sale with my friend and I (Long Islands and pool on a hot day, just hit the spot too well).
2	This place only gets 2 stars because of the nice suites. Everything else about this place sucks. It's a family place and we brought our relatives, but despite the spotty shuttle service that ends at 12:15am it's a good drive to the strip.Everything at this hotel shuts down at 10pm. The expensive grill and bar shut down, the pool shuts down, you can't even use your room's whirlpool after 10pm because of the "noise". Another pet peeve I had is the $100 deposit you need before you can even check in. It's to be expected, but the gave us no warning and it caused some trouble when my family needed to check into their room.Even if you're looking for a family friendly place, this place isn't the greatest choice amenity wise. Great rooms though!
3	huge suite we were there at the end of november and the pool was closed the whole timewe werent too bummed because there was a jaccuzi on our balcony that we used but that started spraying water everywhere (we were not pissed because it was funny memories) and so we used the master bath jaccuzi tub which was biggera little far from the strip but close to grocery and fast food and gas and drugstoresroom service was pretty cheap and good (we had breakfast burritos)full kitchenhuge entertainment center i am actually feeling more of a 4 star rating but i will leave it at a 3 because i had a really good time on this trip but i think it was the friends i was with- we made it fun
4	Stayed here this past weekend with some friends as one of them had a timeshare here. We got a pretty nice room with two bedrooms and jacuzzis in both bathrooms. I say jacuzzis, but these things were like two person hot tubs. They were big and deep. They had three TVs, full kitchen, etc. The balcony was huge and had a nice view of the strip even though we wanted a pool view room. In any case, the beds were queens, but we could have used more pillows. Since we did not notice this until about 4 am, we did not bother them with this request.      The pool area is beautiful. Although it was a little chilly when we were there, there are two big pools, one with a few large waterslides that looked really fun. I'm sure this is overrun by small children in the warmer seasons. There are five hot tubs including one underneath a waterfall. This is relaxing, but loud and not conducive to conversation. There are others with hammocks around them and what not. Very nice groups with a huge replica of a Mayan pyramid in the middle. No outside food or drink as I was told by my nervous 18 year old lifeguard, because you have to buy theirs from the cafe and/or bar. We just brought ours down anyway and poured it in cups. Everyone else did too, so stop cryin!     The fitness center was more of a closet. Nevertheless, I managed to get a very good workout in with the equipment that they have. You just have to think outside the box a little. The thing that bother me though was that the circuit kept blowing for the treadmills, so we had to keep flipping the switch in the circuit box. This probably happened every five minutes when two of the three treadmills were being used simultaneously.      As for the location, it is about five miles from the heart of the strip. Not bad for a short drive. The shuttle stops at 12, which pretty much makes it useless as that is when people need a DD. But if you want to avoid the hassles of strip driving during the day then maybe it is worth it. There is not much around, but there is a 24 hour bar across the street if you came to Vegas for that. Not me, but if you are sick of the strip or don't like people, this might be your spot. There are some food options, a food 4 less, and CVS for your convenience. If you have no car, this place would be pretty difficult as I hear cab fares are expensive to the action.     I heard that the timeshare people were pretty annoying, but I didn't see any. I guess most people that stay here already have them, but some told us that the people still  bothered them. Not sure how the price/experience would be if you didn't have a timeshare.
5	my family and i come here at least three times a year and we looooooooove the penthouse. the pool is great. the location is great too cause its not crowded with people and cars. love it.
4	I'm a owner of this resort and I really do enjoy this place.  Rooms are clean and I love the pool.  There's even a some waterslides on the back end. Lots of palm tress to give that Caribbean feel and on weekends they have a steel drum band play in the pool area. They have a small sundries store for stuff you may have forgotten to bring and a a fairly new cafe inside the Aztec Temple.  It's really isn't that good eats but enough to satisfy a slight hunger.A small bar lies next to the pool.  Not sure if it's a full bar but I did notice they added a couple video poker machines for people who want to get a quick fix for their gambling addiction.If you book a penthouse suite you can enjoy chillin in the jaccuzi outside on the balcony as well as a jaccuzi tub in each of the bedrooms.  Matter of fact, each room has a jaccuzi tub so you can relax in it anytime of your stay.There's a lounge area which I almost never go to.  There you can play pool, do some browsing on your laptop and eat some grub while watching a game on the big screen TV.  Nothing fancy but I guess it could be a good place for people who bring food to the resort.All in all, I do like the place and am happy to stay here whenever I come to Vegas.  It's pretty convenient for me with my business since most conventions I go to are nearby.  The family always enjoys the amenities and glad we can bring stuff to fill the fridge to same us some money from eating out every time.
4	I'm an owner at this resort and this is my first time using this one.  We have the penthouse which is very huge!  Jacuzzi on the 50 foot patio so when the pool closes at 10pm you can do you own thing.  The place is beautifully done and we have truly enjoyed our stay.  The staff are awesome!I would only want a couple things.  Later hours at the pool...say midnight?  And I'd like bar people to come around at the pool to serve me drinks.  They used to have this feature but have since stopped.  The bar is literally right next to the pool but who wants to get up, put on a shirt, burn your feet on the hot pool deck to go get a drink?  Not me.  However, the bartenders are all very cool and fun!  I highly recommend this place if you have the means to do so.  It is removed from the strip which is fine with me.  Less traffic.  Very close to the airport if you fly in.  The resort has a shuttle that takes you to the Tropicana and it runs every half hour until midnight.  Aside from that it is a $20 or less cab ride to the heart of the strip with 4 people in the cab.  Enjoy!  I love the Vegas babaaayyy!!
4	We just got back from an all girls trip to vegas and stayed here for 4 days.  The room is like an 1 bedroom apt, with kitchen and living room, patio, entertainment center, and 2 baths.   I really enjoyed my stay, but hated walking to & from the car.  The pool is very nice, however we didnt really spend much time there.  This resort is located a lil bit far from the strip, and took us an hour to get out of traffic..  memorial wkend is super duper busy!!
4	would have get a 5 star but too far from the stripthe place was cozywasnt that expensive since we split between 5 girls..it was memorial weekendthey need more spas though..it was neat a food max ..its a good place for families to go to.
2	Ok, I probably had one of the most irritating experiences here this past weekend.  All started when I got my room and then they send me to the concierge to get my parking pass.  The dude then tries to make an appointment for me to come to they're "owners update meeting." If I go, then he'll throw out some Vegas shows and freebies at me.  It's the same spiel I get every time and the goodies have all become crap items now. So really, it's not worth me sitting in an hour presentation.  But, I figure if I have time I'll try to come by Sunday "if possible".  The dude then makes an appointment for me and gives me something to sign.  I notice at the bottom he writes $20 and I ask him about it.  Concierge: Oh yes, you're required to pay $20 if I you don't show up.Me: HELL NO!  You shoulda let me know about that beforehand instead of trying to make me sign it without telling me! Concierge: I'm sorry sir, don't worry about it, I'll wave the fee.Me: Yeah, after I just caught you in the act!  If I didn't catch you, I'd be stuck going or have to pay!He then rips the paper he wanted me to sign and says, "God Bless You."  Like I'm supposed to feel bad for him trying to swindle me.  Yeah, I caused a scene and I was pissed! I've been an owner with Monarch Grand Vacations for over 5 years now and not once had I experienced such shadyness. That's total bs!!!!  Also, during our stay we had to wait over an hour and a half to get more towels.  I was about to go downstairs and get it myself since it'd be much faster.  Because of the delay we were unable to get ready in time for a show we wanted to see and ended up having dinner really late.  Plus, one day during our stay, we took out the Do Not Disturb sign to have our room cleaned and guess what???  It wasn't cleaned! AAARRGGH!!!To top it all off, when I checked out of the room I had a stimulating conversation with the lady at the front desk.Front Desk: So how was your stay, Sir?Me: Not so good.Front Desk: Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.That was it! WTF??  Why even ask, if you have no care as to why my stay was not so good. It's like they got robots at the counter! They even had a problem with their computers and they couldn't give me a receipt. The lady at the front desk wanted me to have a seat and wait. By that time, I'm fed up with this place and I just tell them to email it to me.(I'm still waiting on that email and will probably never get it!)I can't believe this.  I've been hyping this place up to my family for months since it's the first time they'd be visiting.  I even told them how they could become owners.  But really, I couldn't justify recommending the place after the horrible experience I had.I'm sending a letter to management about my experience but I'm afraid it may be handled by deaf ears.  We will see.  I'm still an owner and I like the place. The room is comfortable and the large pool is great. It's the people that need work.  I'll be back again and the service better have improved or I may seriously look into selling my timeshare.
5	I'm an owner and I got a new best friend in Security named Sylvia.  I'll tell that story at the end.  We came for the weekend, and yes it's on LV Blvd, but it is not on "the Strip".  I still like it.  Across the street is the grocery store Food Max, a CV store, Starbucks, etc...  So if you're staying a while, everything you want and need is near, and not doubled or tripled in price like in a hotel sundry store.  The  one bedroom "villas" are a little smallish for a 4 person occupancy.  But there are also 2 bathrooms.  There are blow dryers and a spa tub in the rooms.  The penthouses have outside spas.  People are ranting about an owners meeting.  I went to it.  I came out with a $100 gift certificate to a really nice restaurant (which I will also review).  I didn't experience a lot of pressure.   ANY way...  I forgot my favorite shirt in my room.  When I got home, I called the resort.  Ran around the switchboard to end up with security / lost and found.  The dude there called me back after he checked lost and found.  Nothing.  Well... that was not what I wanted him to do.  So I called this morning.  I got Sylvia.  I told her exactly where I think I forgot - bedside drawer...  She checked that the room was not occupied... went directly there, and FOUND my shirt. She called me back, and I'm getting my shirt shipped out to me!!!  YAY Sylvia!  She IS my new best friend.
4	Pro's:-Huge pool-multitude of hot tubs spread across the pool areas.  -Water slides! What what! The water slide tops any other one I've been on at a hotel thus far.-2 beds + couch bed-Kitchen in room (fridge + stove)-2 bathrooms-shuttle to the stripCons:-Check out time is at 10 amThis place is solid for an off the strip joint.  Not being an owner like most that have reviewed this place I didn't experience  a lot of the time share madness.  I was just a guest enjoying my time in vegas!
2	Minuses:-No free Wifi.-Far away from the Strip.-For a room with 2bd we get 1 bed and 1 sofa. Great!-Not compatible with hotwire.com(cf above).-The hotel agent did not try to find solution and was very not commercial.Pluses:-big swimming pool.
4	This is a great family resort off of The Strip or for the vacationers that want some peace and quiet, plus the screaming kids. Cancun is a pretty nice timeshare vacation spot but I mainly go here for the pool. The pool is spectacular with several pools surrounding a massive Aztec pyramid, which has four slides within it. I really recommend the two on the top of the pyramid. The rooms are decent with a fully stocked kitchen with a Food $ Less grocery store across the street. So if you like cooking while on vacation to save some money, this is the place to go.Good: Great pool with spacious rooms. Bad: Far from The Strip and the free shuttle can get very delayed.Final: I usually go here when I want to save money and have a relaxing trip in Vegas.
4	We come here every other year to this resort because my brother in law happens to have time share here.  They have update their kitchen and bath with fine amenities like Toto toilet and granite counter top.  The hallway is clean.  Lots of room for kids to play at the pool.  The slides to the pool were out because they were under remodeling.  I would come here again because it's very kid-friendly.
4	Stayed at this resort, last month....very kid friendly place....i love how our room looked like a lil apartment, with a kitchen, 2 baths, 1 bedroom, sofa bed, dining table, 2 tvs, and a balcony over looking the swimming pool area....The Aztec pyramid reminded me of the real Aztec pyramid in Chichen-Itza in Cancun, Mexico....Don't mind coming here again...plus is a little bit off the strip so no chaos or drunk people near by...
3	BTW... this is not a hotel. It's a timeshare property........... so if you're debating on how to use your "Monarch Timeshare Points", consider your Vegas options. You might want to find a strip hotel deal and use your points somewhere "more special?" As everyone says in their reviews, it's far from the strip and all that nervous action, which may be a good thing if "you're me." But if you thrive on that "Vegas Energy", and you're hosting people who've never done Vegas... then I'd find something closer to the epicenter of The Strip, with casinos, whistles, bells and AYCE buffets! If you have kids with, then Cancun is certainly going to be less hectic, easier to get from room to pool, etc. As Monarch owners, (this is a Monarch Grand Vacations Resort), we scoped out the three room options; the Penthouse, the Two-Bedroom and the One-Bedroom. The rooms are equivalent to most timeshare condo-apartments. Yes, they do have a large pool and obligatory excercise and recreational centers, but if you start comparing this to say, the "Cabo Azul" Monarch property in Cabo San Lucas, it certainly comes up short as a luxury resort. And it's not "Vegas Luxury" level, so don't expect to be knocked off your feet with glitz and glamour.As a past resident of Vegas, and a regular business visitor, I have my short list of hotel properties that I frequent, and most are either timeshare resorts, or suite-hotels off the strip. And sometimes I'll stay in Henderson; anywhere that gets me away from the tourist traffic of Vegas Blvd. So only because Cancun is far from the maddening crowd, and offers timeshare condo style lodging, is it on my list.
2	The review is specifically for the bar/restaurant by the pool. Checked this area out with a friend who wanted to see what this place was like. We ordered buffalo wings, turkey wraps, hot dogs, and a 16' supreme pizza.1. Wings were SOGGY. Obviously from a frozen bag and microwaved.2. The pizza crust is also definitely frozen as it came out tasting like CARDBOARD but had fresh ingredients as toppings. Charging about $17 while cutting corners to create this pizza is definitely frustrating.3. I loved the hot dog and I just see no real way (unless intentionally done) to go wrong.4. Turkey wrap was just bland...So seriously, food is not the highlight of this place but from what it looks like with all the slides at the pool and how spacious the rooms are, its a good place for families to go to who want to stay away from the usual Vegas crowd.
4	I hadn't been here for some time.  But I was happy to be back.This time, it was a quick weekender.  We came in late afternoon Friday and left Sunday morning.  The staff was great.  They were very helpful and friendly.  Free upgrade? Free samples of shampoo/soap/lotion in addtion to the free crap in the room? Sure!We had some issues during our weekend but the staff was more than accomodating.It's a great timeshare.  All the bathrooms have jaccuzzi tubs and marble countertops.  All the units have full kitchens with full size fridge, dishwasher and stove with all the necessary kitchen - wares (pots, pans, plates, etc)  The units themselves are quite large.  I've been to other timeshares that are MUCH MUCH smaller.  So for what's being offered it's great.  There is a pool here that is quite awesome.  There is also a spa onsite.  The are a few bad things - 10am checkout time and it's far from the strip.  I would avoid the free shuttles they offer since it can take a LONG time to utilize them.  It worked for us since we drove from LA and we didn't mind being far from the Strip.  We were there to have a fun and food filled girlfriends getaway and that's exactly what we did.
4	Cancun is not very close to the Strip, but it's surprisingly convenient for its far location. Chipotle, Food4Less, and other popular diners/cafes are located within walking distance. I have roomed here almost every time I visit Vegas. The rooms are extremely well-kept, with earthy furnishings and modern accents... I wouldn't call it anything like home, but why else am I on vacation? I don't want to feel as though I'm home!I recall the pool was quite roomy; when I used to swim often, I loved that it wasn't a kiddie pool I could swim across in six seconds or so. The slide is definitely appropriate for older children, though. The "adults only" gameroom is open to children as long as they look somewhat responsible... I know I don't really pass for 18+ and neither does my friend, yet we always manage to play several rounds of pool. Nobody ever really checks.Do try snagging the penthouse. It feels, at times, more luxurious than home.
1	Time to sell-and I've been an owner for 7-8 years.  For cost savings, they canceled the shuttle to the strip!!!!!!! Now you need a car or taxi to get to the strip. For what I've paid, that's ridiculous.  Also, quarterly assessment went up 10% because "people weren't paying their bills"!!!!  So those of us who pay fully on time are punished!!!  (Oh, they gave us one weekday stay as "compensation") Assessments for the year (1 bedroom, 1 week) are now over $1000!!!!!!!  This place is no longer worth it. Anyone know where I can sell it???
3	As several reviewer's noted, conventiently located 10 minutes south of the strip far from the hustle and bustle, if you like that sort of thing. For us, and I speak for my family, it worked out beautifully. We came with a group of friends occupying a couple 2 bedroom apartment/condo-esque rooms. Las Vegas from what I'm observing, is making staying in the city of sin much more accommodating for visitors staying beyond the weekend evidenced by all the 4-5 diamond non casino hotels. Our rooms came equipped with two bathrooms, two bedrooms, a dining room, kitchen and living room with pull out couch. It comfortably housed 6-8 people.The resort itself if huge and we had to go through several buildings to get to the main lobby, front desk or to their administrative office for information about their time-share residency option. What stood out for our party was their amazing pool and water slide which the fellas could not get enough of. I'm certain they hit the pool several times a day taking breaks to eat and rest. Overall it'sa good place to stay away from the traffic, close enough in proximity to hit the strip and walk to the market for all your needs.
5	I have a timeshare here and the rooms are wonderful. I always get the penthouse which is wonderful and fully equipped. We had a few issues with some maintenance stuff when we were there two weeks ago, but they handled it right away. If you are thinking about purchasing here I would work with Antonio...he is great!
2	Being an owner and stay quite frequently the last 3 stays have each got worse. So much I have already started looking to sell this time share and met with others. This resort is slow to update rooms, stuff in rooms the last 3 times doesn't work whether it was the ac vent, shower head or the other things each time. Not to mention each of the last few trips id hear employees foul mouths on the grounds and in the the cafe. Food has been cold and slow to get. What's going on Monarch Resorts? You pitch us the big show to buy but for the last few years I see less and less good and more and more bad. Not very happy with this stay right now. What used to be a fun place has steadily got worse each trip. Will not be keeping this timeshare that's for sure. Sad thing is the way my GF's parents were treated at their check in, luckily for them they printed out their conformation to prove it all. Decided to eat breakfast there for the 1st time in awhile and what a waste, everything was cold, not warm but cold. Also being an owner it would be nice to be informed of any changes that take place, like when shuttles are no longer available and its nothing but cabs which is a huge inconvenience at about a minimum of $15 plus tip each trip. From what they presented a few years ago to what I saw this weekend was a joke.
5	We were in town for a family wedding, so the kids were in tow. Since being on the strip wasn't our main goal, I was happy to be at a place that wasn't right in it. These are timeshares, but you don't have to go through the 90 min. sales pitch to stay there. The rooms are spacious, fitting our family of 4, as well as three others. The pool was wonderful, and the kids had a great time on the slides. I took advantage of the fitness center, which was small, but had top-notch equipment. Also- FREE WIFI. All over the resort. That's one big win in my book. There are grocery stores close by, and the outlet mall. If you have a car, it's very easy to get to the strip if you so choose. It really is as good as it gets for a place to stay in Vegas, if you find you need to go with kids. Without the kids would be good too, if being in the middle of the hustle and bustle isn't your main goal.
1	Because we own through the Marriott, this felt like a downgrade. Got food poisoning from room service and the front desk person was rude since I was trying to ask for a wake up call for an early checkout since there were so many threats in the rules and regulations if there should be a late checkout. I guess for people who have not experienced other timshares, they would love this one, but for us, we will never exchange to stay here again.
4	My parents own timeshare here and so whenever we make a family trip to Vegas, we always stay here. It's a 10 minute drive from the strip (they offer a free shuttle) and it's located across from a grocery store, tons of restaurants, and a shopping mall. The rooms are very nice and spacious and the pool area with the Mexican themed central structure is very nice. There's also a dinky little workout room. You definitely need a car to stay here. I wouldn't recommend coming here if you're young and you want to have your crazy Vegas experience. Stay on the strip instead. But if you're here with family and you want to really relax, this may be a better option.
4	I'm a timeshare owner here, so it makes going to Vegas cheaper. It has a very nice pool area, and if you want to get away from the hustle and bustle. It's also nice because there is a full but small kitchen so you can save money that way too. What's also nice, is that a one bedroom has two full bathrooms. The master bathroom is huge and includes a jetted tub. Overall, a nice place to stay especially for families. The downside is there is no casino if you are wanting that availability at all times.
4	Nice non-gaming resort just south of the strip.  The rooms are full one bedroom units and perfect for a family.  The beds have just been replaced and the new ones are absolutely wonderful.  The pool is huge and perfect for families.If you don't want to fight the strip and seeking comfort that doesn't bust your wallet, this is the place to go.
1	Stay away from this hotel by all means - clue number one no parking anywhere . Not well lit at night - elevator an underground extreme nastiness - carpet in hotel I would let a pet dog walk on it - my bed sunk in a very uncomfortable - the kitchen area was a complete match box - this timeshare by far has been the worst experience - FYI there is not even a bell man to assist with bags- cod webs were on the kitchen floor I can go on an on but the cherry on top was our view was food for less from the balcony haha this resort look nothing like the pictures #fail
3	For my first Vegas trip my parents and I stayed here. (Which was way back in 04, so i'm guessing a lot of things might have changed, i'm just going with whatever i experienced back then). The rooms are okay. I wasn't a huge fan. The rooms aren't that big. I remember in the room we stayed at, there was an extremely uncomfortable chair. The service was great though! They have shuttle service to take you to the strip. I would only recommend this place, if you don't want to be around the strip the whole time you stay in Vegas and want to just relax and chill and don't mind it not being luxurious like the hotels at the strip.
4	The pool is big and beautiful, the cafe offers fast service and low priced food, the staff is very helpful and friendly, the villas come equipped with a full kitchen and comfortable beds. The strip is about 3 miles away so taxi rides can add up. My experience was good for a first timer plus I'm a timeshare owner so I got a few perks, like $80 to spend on any amenities in the resort. I can't wait to check out their Cabo Azul resort because it is updated and remodeled plus it has a private beach :)
4	Stayed for 6 days and was digging the whole apartment feel. Stocked kitchen with utensils, silverware, place settings, tupperware, and pots and pans. You even get bakeware, blender, and a toaster. Pretty awesome. The bestie and I stocked up the fridge and saved some $$$ on dining. The cafe is actually pretty decently priced, we were able to get room service twice without breaking the bank. Pool area is great as well. Have to pay for wi-fi, $24 for a week.
4	Not bad at all.  Stayed in Building 5, 4th floor.  Not your ordinary hotel experience as these are timeshare units.  So you get a fully stocked kitchen (Yes, plates, cups, mugs, pots, pans, utensils, sponge, dishwashing liquid, etc)  One king-bed.  Two bathrooms.  "Living room" has a pull out bed couch.  Old skool tube TVs. DVD player.   View was of the pool.  You don't get daily housekeeping unless you request it.  Overall a nice place to stay if you don't mind the drive to the strip. I agree the 10am checkout is a bit too early.  And no free Wi-Fi.Also, if you're on the North side of the property and use the alternate exit (puts you onto Shellbourne Ave) , I suggest driving around to Wigwam Avenue which has a stoplight to make the left towards the strip/freeways.  Otherwise, you either make the treacherous left turn against Las Vegas Blvd traffic or make a right and flip a U-turn at Wigwam (which seems to take forever because everyone else is doing it too).  We passed by a pretty nasty accident from what appeared to be someone making that treacherous left turn from Shellbourne Ave.
4	Very much enjoyed my stay at Cancun Resort. The room was nice and the  staff was great. Except for one thing. My family decided to enjoy the game room, except for my fifteen year old son, who wanted to do something else. We were alone in the game room and My son laid down on the couch.  An older male security guard came in and with an authority  type voice and told my son" sit up". Now I understand if there was some rule about laying on the couch but he could have had a little more guest service. A simple " I'm sorry young man but I need you to sit up in case another guest would like to use the couch".
4	Very nice timeshare but would have definitely enjoyed more during the summer time because of the slides and large pool area. We stayed in a "penthouse" and even had a jacuzzi which wasn't put to use because it was so cold outside. I thought it was funny how they referred to this room as a "penthouse" even though it was located on the third floor and not the top. The room was equipped with 2 bathrooms which had their own spa like tub, the one in the master bath could've fit maybe 4-6 people while the other one could fit 2 comfortably. One thing I didn't like about the other bathroom is that because it was a handicapped equipped bathroom when you showered the water would flow out and onto the bathroom floor. They should've buit the drain of the shower to in a way that the water would easily flow down the drain as quickly as possible instead of flooding the bathroom floor as this would cause a major accident. We also had 2 king or was it cal king beds and a pull out couch bed in the living room, enough to sleep 6 people comfortably.Another con I found was the bathroom setups. The master bath was huge which had a jacuzzi plus shower in one. If the curtains to this jacuzzi would cover it up it'd be easier to use the toilet in this room at the same time because this was the only toilet that had a separate door. The second bathroom had a toilet, shower and separate tub area but there was no door to separate the toilet from the rest of the bathroom. *Wish this timeshare was located closer to the strip because most of the time we took taxi's and it was about $30 (btwn 4-5ppl) each way including tip. If we stayed in the strip it would've only been half that with the tip.
4	Moved from South Point to Cancun after a ton of operational issues, much better at Cancun, the people were nice the management was accommodating and the tv, internet and heat functioned properly.  I would definitely stay here again.
1	My friends and I decided we wanted to go to Vegas and one of them  informed us he had a timeshare we could stay in. He got us the "Penthouse".  We are 6 guys, our friend said that it can sleep that many comfortably.  We all agreed, it sounded great. A penthouse on Las Vegas Blvd with a free shuttle to the main part of the strip for only the cleaning fee!       Well as it turns out if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is.  We arrived at Cancun to find out that the cleaning fee was $280!! WTF? We could have got a couple of rooms on the strip for that alone. I later learned that the room cost my friend a hundred and thirty points which are a couple bucks each! That is some BS! For someone who supposedly is an "owner" this room sure cost a hell of a lot!      Next on the long list of disappointments. We specified that we were six guys and were not interested in sharing beds. We wanted rooms with twin beds. When we arrived sure enough both bedrooms had kings and the only other bed was the fold away sofa. We asked and they do not offer roll away beds!      Next up NO MF'ing shuttle to the strip! Ok now seriously WTF? This complex is at least 5 miles from anywhere interesting. It's a $25 cab ride too and from anywhere on the strip. So every time you want to go anyplace you're looking at $50 out of pocket, unless you want to drive, but who the hell wants to drive in Vegas? I want to be able to have a couple of drinks and not worry about having to remember where I left my car the next day. This whole "resort" is BS!Then there are the rooms. The "penthouse" was nicely appointed. It had a small kitchen a nice living room/dining room combo and the beds were comfortable and it appeared clean (better be for $280 F'ing dollars!). But the bathrooms are ridiculously STUPID! The bathroom off of my bedroom had no privacy door, just open straight to the room. In both bathrooms there were jacuzzi hot tub/shower combos. Sounds great right? WRONG! I don't know what kind of brain damage the designer of these shower/tub combos was afflicted with but someone should have pointed out that people don't want to have to shimmy over a 2ft high ledge 18" wide with no safety bars or handicap access to get into the shower. AND that the shower controls should be located somewhere near the shower head! Not 5ft away on the opposite wall! Also the shower head should not be pointed at the entrance/exit of the shower.  Oh the stupidity just keeps coming.  Next up, during the winter months there is Nothing to do at this place! The pool is closed the only restaurant is the snack joint under the pyramid. Which was okay. There is no gaming, no entertainment of any kind. A couple of us went to the spa and had a relaxation massage which was nice, probably the highlight of our time at Cancun.     I cannot stress this enough! Do yourself a favor DO NOT EVER BUY A TIMESHARE! They are the worst real estate investments you can possibly make.  If you've got one DUMP IT! Take the loss and get out!      Even the staff seems to know this place sucks! I think they wanted to help and were nice enough, but they knew there was nothing they could do. I could have overlooked just about everything if they just had a shuttle, after all it isn't my money that's being flushed down the drain every year, but come on! If you're going to build a place so far away from all the action in a city like Vegas have a quick and cheap way to get to the excitement.
1	We are staying in the penthouse which is HUGE- my husband and me along with our two year old boy and 4 month old baby girl. In the master bedroom, one of the paintings had become LOOSE on the wall, fell as I was clothing my daughter!! I sprung up and grabbed the painting a split second before it fell DIRECTLY on her head!! SOOOOOO FREAKED out, I refuse to sleep in the master bedroom anymore, in case it happens again. I called the front desk, and let's just say.... the woman was more sympathetic than the front desk manager, David. Not that I was expecting a hand out, but he said, "Because nothing ACTUALLY happened, I can't do anything for you. Perhaps breakfast?"  I won't even go into how bad our experience there was. We've been with Monarch for quite a bit, so trust me when I say.... this place is going down FAST!!!! Don't get sucked in and waste your money here. Everyone (except a few gems at the front desk) is over their job. Go to another timeshare, like the Westin!!
1	WORST Customer Service I have EVER encountered! DO NOT STAY HERE!My husband was heading to Vegas on a business trip and would be checking in on his birthday. Wanting to do something special I called three days ahead to work something out with the hotel. I didn't expect them to come up with a surprise for my husband, I simply wanted to know if they recommended companies or if there was a particular way I should handle what I had planned (simple cake and balloons). After speaking to the hotel manger, Vivian,  I was directed to speak to concierge. She assured me that if I had a cake and balloons delivered concierge would work with me to have them in his room when he checked in. I was connected to concierge - in a city "that doesn't sleep" at 12:55pm I was listening to a voice recording telling me to pick one of three concierges to leave a message for. I simply picked the first person whose name I heard, Terri. After not hearing back for 24 hours, I called back to speak to the manager, only to find out, Terri no longer worked for the company - are you serious!!! and transferred me to another concierge attendant. Again, I left a voicemail. I don't know about you, but concierge's job is to serve the hotel customer, to provide stellar customer service, and having to leave a message is ridiculous! I finally received a call back from a gentlemen in concierge who rudely told me they not only couldn't do anything, they wouldn't do anything. I re-explained that I simply wanted to have balloons and a cake delivered and was told by the hotel manager that concierge could help me get them into his room before he checked in at 7pm. Again, I was rudely told the manager was very wrong and they don't do that and wouldn't do that. Beyond frustrated I explained, if I had balloons and a cake delivered, after he'd checked in, how could I get them to him - leave at front desk, call him, etc. the gentlemen in concierge told me I was on my own. That even if I had them delivered to the front desk they would not contact my husband to tell him he had something waiting at the front desk. Are you kidding me?!!!Three days later, the day my husband checked in, I called the front desk. The ONLY SHINING STAR at this ridiculous place was Dave. He was so kind and explained that the Mrs.Fields package I had ordered and sent to the hotel would be delivered to the front desk at which point they would notify my husband he had a package.AGAIN they dropped the ball! At the end of the day my husband still had not received the package so I spoiled the surprise and told him. He called the front desk and was told he had no packages. After assuring them he did, two people put him on hold to go look for it. When he arrived at the front desk to pick it up not only was the box too large to "miss-place" it had only been delivered in the last hour or two. He questioned why he was not notified of receiving a package that his name was all over, to which he was told - "we don't always do that, the person sending it should've notified you so you would come ask for it".BEYOND horrible service! Even my husband said his interaction with the staff throughout his stay was less than decent. Turns out this place is a time-share too, ha! Don't waste your money or your time! It's worth it to stay ANY WHERE else in Vegas but the Cancun resort!
4	Stayed here for the New Years Eve Day weekend and enjoyed it. It is away from the strip (maybe 4/5 miles) but I think it was a nice resort away from the noise.Rooms were nice, well kept & clean. Now the thing you must know is that there is NO Daily Cleanup unless you request it, on your check out they will clean your room not during your stay unless I believe if you stay for over 5 days to a week.I never bothered to use the pools or lounge/bar but it seems nice to have those options of course, they were not my thing especially when in Vegas, I had a few things to attend. Grounds are nice and there is ample parking, now as far as parking goes it is a first come status, there is really no assigned parking (you figure since you are staying in a timeshare that there would be right?).Staff is friendly and the concierge woman are beyond helpful, I needed to print some passes out and they were more then great to get me those passes printed, much appreciated ladies.Check In & Check Out was smooth.We did have room service for breakfast and the meals were good and at a affordable price.The room I stayed in had it's own kitchen (which most rooms should have I believe) and there is a strip mall just across the street that can handle a lot of your needs, from CVS, restaurants, bank institutions and other little boutiques .If I ever get the chance I might stay here again, but then again it was a last minute trip and for the price it was a good stay.
4	Check-in was easy and the room was great.  It was a good amount of space for four people (2 bedroom/2 bath) and it was clean.  It was a very convenient location - just down from the strip and easy to pop on/off the freeway.  It was surprisingly quiet for the size of the place.  The water slides were fun.  Because we visited in early March, a large portion of the pool was closed so we couldn't experience the whole thing.  It was disappointing that the hot tub was only open until 10:00 p.m.  Overall it was a good experience and I would go back there again.
3	Strengths: Incredible pool area with water slides, a Mayan pyramid replica with the waterfall, jacuzzi's under the falls are great (for adults only :), nice, grassy areas by the pool with hammocks, an overall great place to come in the warmer (or hotter) months for a pool vacation.Issues: The villas are too small, when compared to other timeshare resorts.  The kitchens are tiny (compared with Palm Canyon in Palm Springs).  Additionally, the decor is too dark.  I didn't like the wooden window shutters-blocked a lot of light.  The bedrooms were way smaller than comparable timeshares.  Overall, the perfect place to bring a family for some pool and water slide adventures.  The rooms are functional, it would just be nice to have some more space.  We'll be staying again next time we're in Vegas, mostly for the water slides, though.
4	Every single year, we have a family reunion. This happens to be the venue & I have nothing but fun memories & good times here. It's not just because I have family with me that makes this place likeable, but yes I would definitely come here with a group of friends who are like-minded. I do enjoy Vegas but I want to stay at a place where I can relax, tan, and lounge without being annoyed by the nipple baring attention whores. We occupy 2 penthouses as a family and this is what they offer in each one:2 Bedrooms2 Baths/Showers2 Jacuzzis1 Small kitchenLiving room with large TVCouches with fold-out bedChairsRound dining tableLots of drawer spaceBig closets with mirrorsFluffy pillows w/ down comfortersI am always comfortable here, not to mention that a grocery store, liquor store, gas station, and smoke shop are only 1 mile away. Yes, you do need a car to function around this area. I forgot to mention the best part.. They have hammocks and palm trees in the swim area! Big pools and hammocks make for a happy veronica.Last thing, they have an activity center where you can play pool, watch games, play foosball, and ping pong!
1	stay on the strip. spend the money and stay on the strip. it cost me nothing to stay here. (Dad has a timeshare) Even my dad wont stay here again. they dont clean up. never told us we have to call them to clean up. too far from the strip. $25 buck for a cab to get to the south side of the strip. their cafe sucked balls. the only good things were the beds and Deli Pizza Cafe accross the street. no gaming, no entertainment.
1	There are no words, NONE that can even explain the misery this place is but I will try.The service, if you want to call it that is absolute CRAP.  Mia at the front desk is rude and should not deal with people.Ian at the Concierge, if you want to call it that, doesn't care and couldn't help dry a wet rat.People here are liars.  We were told they have internet, for free. Lies. When I called to complain, they told me to get over it and did not provide an alternate (AND I'M AN OWNER HERE).  They don't care about you once you have purchased, they only want the new $$$.  The location is also about a 20 minute or $25 cab ride to the trip.  They told us they had shuttle service, they  no longer do another thing they lied about.They only have 1 restaurant on premises and its just bar food $10 for 6 chicken wings. No fries, no sides. nothing.This place is the worst and I wish on everything holy I didn't own here.Seriously, don't stay here. You are better off on the strip.
4	A relaxing resort away from the hi-jinx of the strip.I needed a family-friendly room on the fly.  Leave it to me to book a room last minute.  There were going to be 2 adults and 2 teenage boys, a regular hotel room wasn't going to do.  Went to bookit.com and found this gem for $100 a night.  SCORE.  Since it was a family trip I didn't need to be in the epicenter of the debauchery, but close enough to take a cab (which I did).The property grounds were very nice. It seems like everything in Vegas was just built.  And this resort was no different.  The check-in was seamless and easy.  Had family meeting us and requested we be close to each other, done..... no hassle.  Upon checking in you meet with the concierge who gives you coupons, maps and a chance to attend a timeshare meeting I think.  I didn't go either way obviously.  The room was very nice: Kitchen, dining area, living room (with sleeper sofa, and patio with view of the pool.  Bathroom off the living room.  Bedroom had a very comfortable bed (that we stayed in ALL day Sunday) and big soaker bath/shower combo.The pool is awesome, for those who swim.  Sorry I don't get my hair wet unless I'm in St. Thomas.  There is a big Aztec-like temple with water slides. You can check out rafts for the kids.There is an on-site restaurant and bar, that I went to a few times.  Underground parking to shield your car and forgotten lip gloss from a total meltdown.I really like it here, and a $20 cab ride to the strip.
2	I reserved 2 rooms for my family and called on morning of to ensure that they would be near each other, at least the same floor.  The women said "sure, no problem".  Flash forward to our check-in at 3:45pm and the rep (Christine)  said 'sorry, no availability".  I was shocked.  I asked if she could please double check and I was met with the harsh cold response "ma'am, there is nothing".  I didn't want to argue so i let it go.  Our room was not ready so she said come back in 45 min.  We came back and another women helped us, so I asked her to check for closer rooms.  Imagine my disbelief, when there were 2 rooms close to each other.  Some people just want to be mean and not helpful, please do not work in the service industry, if you do not want to pleasant.  All in all, it worked out but i did not like being far from the strip.  it was so hot and the pool umbrellas could not be moved around to provide shade.
4	I love the rooms - they are big and clean.  The jacuzzi tub is nice and the apartment-like kitchen helps you save a lot of money.  It's like being at home on a vacation.  It's a little further down on the strip than I wish it was, but the water slides are cool.  The concierge is very helpful.  You are across the street from my favorite mall in LV and a grocery store.  There are also many dining options nearby - Del Taco, Panda, Chipotle, etc...  On the property there is a very small bar with some slot machines and yummy chicken wings / happy hours.  You can borrow noodles and floating rafts for free for the pool.  There are activities for the kiddies - like a Wii - nothing huge, but cool.  There is a pool table and such.  They are remodeling soon, so it will only get better.
4	This place really isn't that bad. I can here with very low expectations from looking at previous reviews and I'm glad to say I'm impressed.We took advantage of this place less so as a resort and more so as our living quarters/hotel for 7 days. When we went to checkin, the lobby smelled of yummy coconut which immediately brought me into vacation mode- i thought it was a very nice touch. We had a 2 room apartment- master bedroom with a queen bed and private bathroom, 2nd bedroom with 2 twins, pull out queen sized sofabed in the livin room, little kitchen, dining room, another bathroom, and every room has a balcony (either facing the pool or the street). The living room was a little cramped but we made do. They only clean rooms once a week.The pool area is very nice- not the cleanest but not noticably dirty. There are hammocks for afternoon naps but they're usually taken.  The chichen itza replica makes for a wonderful backdrop. go up the stairs and you'll find waterslides! There are jacuzzis around the pool and one inside the chichen itza if you're looking to get away from the sun. There is a Food4Less (supermarket) right across Las Vegas Blvd, super convienient for grocery shopping. Since you're in the plaza already, check out the Jerky Outlet. their honey bbq beef jerky is so, so yum.The outlet mall is not too far away along with many chain restuarants- buffalo wild wings, chipotle, dunkin donuts, burger king..The strip is ~7 miles away which can be difficult if you're relying on taxis/shuttles. We rented a car so getting to and from the strip took around 10 mins. tip: Every casino on the strip has Free self parking.Unless I get comped at a hotel on the strip, I'll probably stay at cancun resort on my next visit as well.
2	This is a resort that is part of my families timeshare. We've stayed here many times and every time we do something in the room doesn't work. It's horrible. This past time we stayed in their penthouse suite and everything that makes that room special wasn't working. What a waste of points. Jacuzzi's lights on the balcony were broken. TV audio was out. And our coffee maker didn't work. When we asked for someone to fix the jacuzzi he came out and said he couldnt do anything and that we'll have to wait till Monday. Good thing this was Fri night and we were leaving Sun. Boo.
5	We are owners at the Cancun, and have stayed here multiple times, both alone, and with our small children. It is a great place, as long as you remember where, and what, it is. It is a resort, not a hotel, not a casino. There are so many ammenities here that you won't find at just any hotel. They have scheduled activities for children, and adults alike, most for free. The rooms are fully equipped with living room, dining room, and full kitchen. No, there aren't many food options, no, it's not anywhere near the strip, no, you can't go downstairs to gamble or bar hop.But if you have a vehicle, you can get to anything pretty quickly since the freeway is close anyway. My sons love the water slides, I love the hammocks. We try to go during the week, and stay in the penthouse, and we never want to leave! I highly, highly suggest for people wanting a "family" vacation to stay here! To respond to some of the fomer complaints, yes, we have often had problems with the jacuzzi on the decks, but I pay quarterly maintenance fees, so I don't mind bugging the crap out of the staff to have it fixed. Also a big perk....TONS of luggage carts!!
2	They no longer provide shuttle service.
4	Pretty awesome resort. The Mayan style feel gives a great atmosphere. The pool is pretty rad, check out the inside spa under the waterfall. $5 drink specials at the lounge. Close enough to south point & the silvertin if you're feeling lucky.Huge suites, nice balocony & full kitchen. Will definately come back.
4	Great pool and water slides!  Rooms,  tvs,  furnishings are outdated,  but comfy bed.  Full mini kitchen!
4	This is a timeshare. That said, the accommodations were nice (1 bedroom condo with full kitchen and two bathrooms). Appreciated staying off strip for part of my LV trip this time around, but if you give this place a try make sure you rent a car... they have no shuttle anymore and it is really too far from anything besides strip malls to walk. On the plus side, there is a starbucks within walking distance haha. I spent around $20 one way on taxi service each time I went to my conference site on strip. On site at this resort you will find two pools (only one was in service during our visit), a spa (no nail service here), and a work out room that has a good amount of pretty updated equipment. A major downside for me as someone who was on a work trip was the wifi. The wifi did not work the entire time I was at the resort. I called the front desk and was told to contact AT&T directly- apparently that is their provider. That got me nowhere. In addition, I couldn't even plug in because there are no ethernet outlets in the spaces. Soooo free wifi here was useless. One of the pools has a cool slide, and overall the resort seems really family friendly. Final verdict is this is a good place to stay if you have kiddos, but if you plan on being on strip often, just stay on strip.
1	here at the resort's pool. asked my kids to look where we can get towels for there are a lot of entrances. my feet were sore from all the walking so i just told the kids to look where they can get towels. didn't find it but a staff passed by and he told us where it was. kids went and came back empty handed. they were told that you have to be 14 or a parent to get towels! what??? is there a written rule that says that? i haven't read it yet, i think. does that mean that it's the same in all the resorts? as a new timeshare owner, i'm wondering what i got myself into. now i've got to read the contract that i signed...this stay is a freebie for attending the presentation. we were told that  this was located passed mandalay hotel. yup, it is about 6 miles or so after mandalay bay. well beyond the strip. now i'm wondering if all the properties are this way. the properties are big and the rooms are big too. but it's just that it's in the middle of nowhere. i'm thinking that when you're in vegas, you have  to be where the action is, which is the strip. i just hope that the other properties they have will be different. oh well, as i've said, i'm wondering what i got myself into...
3	Nice rooms, basically like a condo however their pool is tooo cold... i hate cold water.stayed here bc of time share
2	We stay in this resort for the first time. We didn't really see anything WOW.. The room we stayed had dirty bathroom sinks and tub. The windows don't have blinds that will block the sun light from coming in the room (it's Las Vegas, people go to sleep at sun rise)... During our stay, no wifi unless you pay some extra bucks. Last day of our stay, we got people coming and knocking on our door at 7 in the morning.. Another thing that went wrong. We went to an owners meeting and the rep that talked to us gave us a bunch of wrong information that left us puzzled about our ownership. When we came back home, we called corporate office to try to understand what we where told about our account, it turn out that the rep had "supposedly" the wrong account that it was not even ours...I always stay on polo towers or desert paradise but wanted to give this place a chance.. I don't think we are staying here again even if the points are less..
3	This time I was visiting LV with my mom. I thought why not try somewhere quiet so that we can relax and have quality mother and daughter time. Cab ride from LAS airport to the resort cost us about $20.First impression of the resort was... its a very small, family friendly and cozy Resort.We stayed in 1bed room condo which had full kitchen, 2 bathroom, and the living room was made so that you can divide it up to use it as a second room with pull out sofa bed. oh. and... I loved the jacuzzi bath. Swimming pool was huge compared to the size of the resort. it had 3 water slides but only one of them was open to ride. I liked that they had separate hot tub jaccuzi for adults and kids. (Had 3 in the pool area) + 1 adult one. Also loved the hammock!! It was pretty nice resort but..... because it is not really a high standard hotel like resort there are some flaws.- if you call room service or maid service it takes forever for them to get the work done. - room service menu is very simple- takes forever for the cab to get to the resort Oh. it costs about $25-30 from the resort to the strip.So if you are staying at the resort for couple days it is better to rent a car. :)And if you decide to bring your own car they have free parking too! If you want a relaxing quiet time at LV I think it is an okay place to stay. Especially if you have kids.
4	My two friends and I recently redeemed a Groupon for a weekend stay for $159. Best investment I've made in a while. It was perfect for people who weren't looking for the chaos of the strip. It was exactly what we wanted. Close enough for us to go to the strip the first night (we paid $30) one way for a taxi. Yet far enough to lay by the pool all day and forget that we were in Vegas. You have to pay for Wi-Fi per device, but we weren't looking to be plugged in that weekend. The tub, the beds, the mini kitchen were perfect. We forgot wine openers but have no fear it was already in a drawer! If this deal comes up again, I wouldn't hesitate to take advantage of it.
4	If you get the 2 bedroom villa your in LUCK. Jacuzzi tubs  in both bathrooms AND a jacuzzi on the balcony. So lavish Great pool viewVERY SPACIOUS I mean wow Nice big flat-screens with a DVD player, Surround-sound ^_^ (only negative was the remote was so confusing to use) Even have a bar for entertaining!!Like seriously it gets better, Nice kitchen fully loaded with a dishwasher and all the cooking and baking utensils you will need! I am telling you this place had it all! Even the slides at the pool were pretty damn amazing. ONLY negative is this is not a hotel where housekeeping comes daily. But you can order room service, and towels and material that you would need. They service all needs!
5	We stayed for a long weekend and it was a perfect place to be. We got a room facing the strip and it was beautiful. The best part is we got to enjoy Vegas away from all the business & it's only 3miles from the strip. The kitchen has all you need, so we brought groceries and cooked most of our meals in our Villa.  If we needed anything there is a CVS across from the Resort and a Market down the street. The pools, spas, & hammocks are perfect to relax from a long night playing on the strip or if you bring the kids. The Villas are clean, the beds are comfortable, & the whirlpool tub is huge. I loved our stay and plan on many more visit with my kids or just a weekend away with my husband and I.
1	I want to preface this by saying that I have not actually stayed here. Now before Yelp decides to flag this, I want to explain why I am rating this place.  I actually attended a timeshare presentation and this was one of the resorts being pitched by the timeshare company. They pitched this one because I indicated I liked to go to Vegas. The timeshare company "Pacific Monarch" pitched this place as heaven on earth and would be worth paying like $30,000 so I could stay here and there other resorts. BS. Did some research on this place so I can make sure that no one else falls for this scam or worse actually books this place to stay off a site like Expedia or Hotwire, etc.1.) This "resort" is 6 miles south of Mandalay Bay. You are farther away from the beginning of the strip than the Stratosphere is from Mandalay Bay. 2.) There is no shuttle to take you to The Strip. Vegas taxis ain't cheap and do you really want to take the bus on your vacation?3.) Was curious to see how prices stack up on an off-peak weekday. Was quoted $159 for a small outdated looking 1 bedroom "Villa" on Pacifc Monarch's site.  For $159 and less you could stay at the following Strip Resorts: Bellagio or Nobu ($159)Palazzo or Venetian ($149)Wynn ($139)Encore ($132)Aria ($114)The Signature at MGM Grand or Vdara ($99)Caesars Palace ($95)Trump ($90)The Hotel at Mandalay Bay ($85)Tropicana ($71)Mirage ($69)Planet Hollywood ($67)Mandalay Bay ($65)TI ($62)MGM and Paris ($60)So same price or less for better accommodations, not having to spend money on transportation, and actually getting to be in Vegas not Vegas Adj. So please people do research, there are many, many better options on in Vegas than this.
4	Going to make this brief:Stayed here on the last day of my vegas trip for one night/day as it was a time share of someone I know.  Kitchen area, living area, dining area, two full and huge baths, balcony, and two rooms, one with a king bed and the other with two full beds.  Clean and simple with a major "vacation" feel with more of an island design.Pool was massive allowing everyone to have their own personal space with their friends/family without it feeling overcrowded.Located at the south end of the strip, it is a perfect location for any one, especially families looking for an off the strip hotel.  Quiet, but fun.OVERALL:  Once again, a well-maintained hotel with room to spare.Like I always say, YOU WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU TRY IT FOR YOURSELF!
3	We stayed at the cancun for 7 days total, as a gift for our honeymoon.Pros:Clean!! Large, spacious rooms. Even a one bedroom has a second bathroom. Plenty of toiletries. Large, fully furnished kitchen w/ cooking utensils. Laundry facilities on each floor. Huge, beautiful pool. Concierge will help you book show tickets.Cons:Upon checking in, it took a good 3 minutes for the front desk to acknowledge that we even walked in the building. We understand that it was 1am, and maybe they were tired, but we had been on the road for hours, and a simple "hello! we'll be right with you" would've made our initial impression much better. We were the only ones in line, nobody was around. They werent in the middle of a call or helping anyone in person. LOL! Not courteous at all.Our tub was clogged (gross). And parts of our room was falling apart. A piece of window blinds was missing on our bedroom window (not good for a couple on their honeymoon, thank you-- peep show?), so we threw a towel to cover the open spot. And a huge piece of long wood was randomly leaning against the wall in the living room next to the sliding door.However, we didn't "mind" these things because we didn't pay for it. I'm sure other customers will love the pros.But I will NOT stay here again if it came out of my own pocket.
4	We recently stayed here for 2 nights, July 20-22.  This is yet another one of the Diamond Resorts that fail to deliver the "upscale" "4 star" experience that Diamond Resorts nationally advertises.The pros...Beau Bryant. Beau is a great property manager.  Not only did he greet my family as we arrived... (not knowing who he was) but was always polite and helpful throughout our stay helping with luggage carts and everything.  It seems like he was everywhere checking on things and always available to assist anyone.  But when I finally went to Management over the issues I was having, he was very accommodating and understanding, and honestly, Beau is probably the reason this resort can operate.Sometimes a person can make a difference, and Beau is one of those people.The cons...The CEO goes on UnderCover Boss, CBS national primetime TV show to advertise to the world how wonderful Diamond Resorts are... what a scam.  these resorts are nothing close to the "4 star" quality at any of their competitorsLeaky toilets throughout the night, lights that don't work, dark shower, dust everywhere, a pile on the ceiling fan above the dining room table, dirty dishes, furniture from a Salvation Army that will break as they provide wobbly support.  You can not put your suitcase on the bench as it will most likely break.I would be giving this resort a 2 star, but Beau has earned the other 2 stars.  Lucky for DRI.
1	I stayed here on July 19th-23rd 2013. I did not like their service! They are not friendly at all. They told us our rooms would be ready by 11 am, but ended being ready by 3pm. We waited in the lobby that long! Plus their rooms aren't all that. I got a 2 bed villa and nothing is upgraded. I've stayed at Tahiti Village and that is so much nicer and cheaper too!!! I will never stay at CANCUN resort ever!
3	Pros: -1-2-3 bedroom Villas-not too far from the strip-Good little family place/party hotel room - no complaints of being noisy in the rooms/party -fully stocked kitchen with utensils, etc. -Cool slides at the pool for kids and the DJ guy is very entertaining and has entertaining things to keep the kids busy! -Pool hours are a little longer than most pools on the strip-Cool bathtubs in the rooms -Great view of strip if you get a room on the strip view side of the property Cons: -Kinda run down-Rooms are ok - not as large as expected, especially the kitchen.  -Kitchen is very small and everything was squeezed together.  We had to shift the cappuccino machine and appliances to make room for our food and such.  -Room service does not come daily and you have to call and wait on something if you need something specific.  -Have to pay for Wi-Fi -Bring your own towels!!!  Hard to get towels - they keep track and towels are in this store type of place - not convenient to get towels -Pool side can be too crowded with way too many kids - we didn't have kids with us and I wouldn't recommend this place unless you are coming as a "Family" - not that fun if you want to chill (not a chill place) or adult fun.  Some of the guests were rude at the pool cause lack of limited lounge chairs - gets crowded!  Overall, I wouldn't pay more for this place than I did with my GrouponI wouldn't get a timeshare here You kinda pay for what you get.  Don't expect this place to be a 4-5 star resort because it's by far not close to that!  As long as expectations of this place is not high, then you are good to go..Time of Stay - July 2013
5	This was by far the best resort Ive been to yet. I loved it and was affordable. The food was great too at the restaurant's on site. All of the staff was fantastic too. I enjoyed the huge pool and hot tubs the water slide all of it. The room was gorgeous and romantic. Loved 2 bathrooms in one room and 2 tvs. The jet tub was great Ill be back for that.
4	Had my wedding here, and the place was gorgeous. It's an older timeshare place, and you can tell that by the fact they've stopped doing their shuttle to the airport and strip, along with no free wi-fi. The pool was amazing, and my son loved the water slide. You can't beat the value, just avoid the "free show or hotel credit" trap for the hard sell when it comes to their timeshares. They'll try to give it to you when you ask for your parking pass - They are a well oiled sales machine.My only real issue, was trying to communicate with someone there when it came to my booking questions. I emailed them twice and never heard back either time, so that was pretty frustrating.
3	I stayed here last year since I had a timeshare with Monarch Grand Vacations. My friends Gardenia H. and Keri W. stayed with me in the "penthouse", which was not as nice as we hoped it would be. It was a pretty decent size--a large master bedroom with its own bathroom, a second bedroom with bath, a large TV room, and a decent dining area and kitchen. The master bathroom had a jacuzzi in it but the second bathroom just had a shower. And it was weird because there was nothing to cut off the shower area from the rest of the bathroom--no glass wall or curtain. But everything worked well, although the water pressure was not great for the shower. The balcony had a nice view of the pool area. We didn't go to the pool area so I can't comment on it but it did look nice. The main pool (Mayan Lagoon) is only open from April through October, but the small pool (Mayan Cove) is open year-round. We didn't utilise any of their spa services but they do have a spa so that's definitely something you can check out if you want.This is definitely one of the nicer timeshare resorts that I've been to with Monarch Grand Vacations. Parking for one car was included with our reservation. They said any additional vehicles would have to be parked off-site. Like others have mentioned, daily housekeeping is not included. And the kitchen is a full kitchen with most necessities stocked, which is great if you want to cook anything during your vacation. This place fulfilled all our basic needs. It would have been nicer if it was closer to the Strip, but then again, it would also be a lot more expensive :P And no pets are allowed (with the exception of service animals).
1	The resort was pretty nice, but not fantastic. We were happy for the price we paid. We had a good time at the pool and a nice breakfast. Then Friday night, disaster struck. The fire sprinkler went off in the dining area of our unit. Luckily for the resort I am a light sleeper and heard it (it wasn't loud) or they may not have found out until the entire unit was flooded and leaking downstairs. So I woke up and called for help. The response was reasonably prompt and complete disaster was averted, but I did spend half the night cleaning up water from our belongings, the furniture and the floor.I don't think I was unreasonable to ask for some consideration for our inconvenience. Upon checkout the next morning I talked to the front desk manager who said he would look into getting our room reimbursed. It has been several weeks now and I have called back three or four times, but the manager will not return my calls.
3	Nice resort.  Close enough to the strip but not too close.  The clientele varies from sophisticated to just rude.  So if you are lucky to enjoy this "in rehab" diamond resort and not run into any of the just rude guest then you will have a great vacation.
4	I've been here twice now. Everything is cool, except for one thing: no free wifi. Seriously?! Even McDonalds offers free wifi.
4	Love this resort. But wondering where my dues are going. Nothing seemed to work properly in the penthouse. Fortunately the weather was nice. No need for broken thermostat.
4	The room has kitchen, living room, separate bedroom, two bathrooms on the one bedroom suite. The master bathroom has a jacuzzi tub. The room was very comfortable I would stay here again if it were not that far away from the strip. Feels way longer than 4 miles from the strip.  Cab ride will approx $60 round trip.  No shuttle service.  Cab wait is about 30 minutes. If you are trying to save by choosing this hotel room you will be incurring the cost by getting a cab.
5	They never disappoint me here! We haven't had a bad experience or a moment of disappointment. Hospitality is quick, and very accommodating. Love the concierge service, every one seems to want to serve you, nice quality to have today. We got to stay in the penthouse this trip & just love love love it! Happy owner with Monarch now switching over to Diamond - I'm ok with it!
5	This is a really cool place. Very clean and the staff are all really nice. The villas are really big and very clean. Most if not all rooms has a Jacuzzi tub and a balcony that's a really nice size. I recommend this place to anyone.
2	I'm a share holder here and I honestly would say...."DO NOT PURCHASE" this time share. I've had several issues with them and it seems like they are just out for your money. I pay maintenance fees every three months so why are there ROACHES here? Seriously, I took pictures and wanted to take it further but didn't. The next time I come across something like this, I will post the pictures. The place looks nice but it is not worth the headache. Payed the entire loan and 6months later, they began blowing up my phone saying I had a $374 balance. LMAO.......wow! They figured it out and took care of it after a month of harassing me. It's just been a rough ride with these people. Trust me.
1	Really awful experience. It started with the concierge. When you check in, you are told to go over to the concierge for your "free gifts" (coupons to local restaurants for buy one, get one free--they're not the greatest restaurants but if you're lazy and out of ideas, maybe try them). The worst part comes next--they try to sell you a timeshare by making you feel like an idiot: "Oh, it looks like you paid for your hotel stay." (you begin to think, wait, others don't?) Then: "well, you can have a free stay on us next." Here's how it works--you pay a deposit of $149, then they refund you the money when you stay the next time (apparently). But you are essentially signing up for a timeshare for a long period, and locked in. What was obnoxious though, after saying we were not interested, was the hard sell. Us: "we've had a really long day of travel, so we'd like to go and rest now." "Them: Oh, you can go, but at least listen to what I have to say. Don't walk away!" Then the very worst: at 10am on Sat morning (the next day), we get a call from the concierge with the same hard sell, and multiple questions: who did you speak to? Did they tell you you could have a complimentary stay next time? etc etcHere's the thing: all I wanted was free wifi. I think that's pretty standard and not too much to ask for in a metropolitan city. However, we were charged the resort fee, on top of the cost of your stay (watch out for this extra fee!) and then charged wifi ($10 extra per day). Then we were promptly told the main pools would be closed for the REST OF THE WEEK. Um, so why did I just pay for the resort fee? What does the resort fee cover, if not basic amenities like wifi and use of the pools? Oh, and the decor looks like it last got updated in the 70s, there are scuff marks all over the doors, walls and furniture. It's so sad I didn't want to relax there after a long day out.
1	My family has owned this timeshare for years. The last time we visited (about 4 yrs ago) I would have given it 4 stars. First of all, they are no longer Monarch Resorts, they are Diamond Resorts (which they were very vague about this transition). We got there on a Friday around 12pm. They took us to the "VIP" check-in. The lady was really, really nice but I get the feeling the employees no longer have a clue what the hell is going on with this new ownership. Our check-in was supposed to be at 1pm so she said since we were early that she would go ahead and get us into a room right away. "A room with a nice view and a better room than the one that was reserved." We were like, "Woooow well thank you, we really are VIP." Pfff! We go up to the room and the following happened: As soon as we stepped out of the elevator, we noticed it was HOT and muggy. And *crickets*. I mean it's good that a place isn't packed but we thought it was odd that it was super quiet...ghost town. We go into the room and the place is a mess!! And I kid you not, looked like it was being used as storage (which I know realize it probably was). So we call right away and they tell us to come down to the front desk. coming to find out, that whole building was empty bc it was going through "renovations?" And guess what? The people that has reservations in that building were sent to other rooms...and guess what? Our room was taken by someone else! So we waited for over an hour to get a room. So for our "troubles" they give us 3 complimentary breakfasts for the 3 adults (as in, the 2 kids in your party don't get jack squat). So whatever, we go down to breakfast the next day and again we notice it's like ghost town. We go to the cafe on the voucher and it's closed! So we go to the building that has the bar and we go in there and after waiting for him (only guy working there) to get off the phone he says we can order breakfast there. Which I will say, was good. We end up paying $30 for drinks and the 2 extra breakfasts for the kids. Monday morning we have a meeting. This meeting consisted of them trying to convince us to buy directly from Diamond Resorts BUT you must continue to pay your Monarch Resort payment. Yes...2 payments. Well, at least we will use other Diamond Resort places but they def need to work on Cancun. It's such a beautiful place with horrible service! Extra star is for the convenience of the rooms (2 rooms, 2 bathrooms, kitchen/dining room, living room, tv in each room, refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker, pots/pan, plates, cups, utensils). PS- No more shuttle, pools were closed the whole time expect for one small area.
2	The update is is because their robo calling the crap out of me! They will never leave you alone once they have your info in their system! (NOTE: the place was still super cheap for the room you got, *maybe* still worth it)
2	To say this place needs a rehab is an understatement. Diamond is in the process of doing this but it is a long drawn out process. Our room has water damage, the sink is clogged, and the dish washer is non op. Overpaid for the room based on the point we used. Expedia has it for around $60/ night. On the positive side, the staff is very nice and the pool, hot tubs, and slide areas are fantastic for the entire family.
4	Cancun resort I see has mixed reviews. I honestly had a great time. My family and I enjoyed the resort. The guy that checked us in was friendly. Only reason it's not a 5 is because he was arguing with his co-worker in front of us. Awkward! I enjoyed the fully functional kitchen and was not disturbed by anyone. I enjoyed having food in the fridge instead of having to eat out all day and night. The grocery store is nearby. Fill the fridge and save your $$$ for gambling and shows. Perfect for families that are "over it" staying in a hotel the middle of the strip. Our kids enjoyed the pool and the trip to the Hoover Dam.
1	Im an owner with no kids, this place is not for my husband and I.. The element here is all about families and cooking in and playing in the pool from the moment it opens.The restaurant bar is a bit of a joke, and the pressure to buy more points makes a relaxing vacation more stressful. We were an original owner and saw most of it built.We noticed that they no longer offer a shuttle which is a mistake for those that want to go to the strip and not have to worry about driving. But after this weekend I see that they don't need to offer the shuttle because more than half the people there don't plan on leaving the facility at all.The guests that we ran into all seemed to be there on a free vacation offer. They were tatted up and pushing baby strollers... and screaming to each other WAIT TIL YOU SEE THE POOL....My hubby and myself both looked at each other and said OUT LOUD, we don't think we will be coming back here again ever to this location.We came home and looked into selling  it all together, but then thought maybe we would try another location that Diamond Resorts has to offer before we do so..So bottom line, if you have kids and love the pool and slides and pool some more.. this is for you.. If your looking for a weekend with the hubby or friends in Vegas to relax and to enjoy what Vegas is all about... this resort is not for you..
4	We had a groupon and a good price.  We had a one bedroom villa.  It was on the first floor of the hotel and had a full kitchen and supplies, fridge, gas cooktop and stove - there is a food 4 less across the street so you could easily cook if you want to.  There are two large pools and hot tubs on the property.  By far the best feature was the in room jacuzzi bath tub.  Bed was nice and comfortable and there was even a separate living room with a futon and divider - could have easily slept two couples with a reasonable amount of privacy for both.  There is a second bathroom with shower too off of the living room. Lots of kids with families.  There is a small bar (closes at 10p) which made an acceptable burger.  Cab was easy to obtain to the strip for about $35 each way including the tip.  Plenty of free parking.  After you check in you will be encouraged to visit the "concierge desk" for some coupons, and of course they want you to go to their time share talk.  If you don't care about coupons (we didn't end up using them) I would recommend skipping that stop.  In all it this hotel is convenient to the strip and much nicer and less expensive than anything u will find on the strip.  I would seriously consider it if you are in town for a conference.  As a tip - if you are careful about how you approach the strip it's actually pretty easy to drive - one night we went to the hard rock casino.  They had a free parking garage so we saved ourselves the $60 fee.  Of course, someone in your party needs to volunteer to be the DD, and you don't want to avoid Las Vegas blvd in your car as much as possible.
2	CONS: WiFi was "broken" the whole time we were there.  Check in is at 4 and our room wasn't ready and had  to wait 30 min after we got there til 5, not cool after a 5 hour drive. Couldn't even get a free drink comped for the trouble. And check out is at 10 am which I feel is a bit too early. Rooms are nice but the walls are paper thin and plumbing extremely loud so when our neighbor was taking a shower at 7am it sounded like Niagara falls was pounding on the wall. PROS: Like I mentioned rooms are relatively nice, ours was a 2 bedroom with a kitchen  and not too shabby, just the thin wall issue. The (heated) pool area is awesome with some killer water slides which is what I enjoyed the most. Definitely will try another hotel next time we visit Vegas.
4	I got a great deal on a one night stay here with my mother.  All I could think about this place is that it would be perfect for a big family.  We got a two room suite that had a fold out futon bed in one room and a large bed in the other.  The room came with a patio and a view of the pool area.  I found the pool area to be the most attractive feature of the resort but they also had a game room and they stocked your personal rooms with dishes and things you would need to make any kind of food you could want.  This definitely seemed like an extended stay type of place but I only stayed one night.  The bathroom was also very nice.  I did find that the bedroom was a lot more attractive than the room with the futon but the suite we had came with a dining table, a large patio, and two bathrooms and I could see that being a deal-maker with some large groups.Check-in took a while and the guy behind the counter was a little impatient because they were supposedly busy (but there really weren't that many people checking in so I wasn't sure why there was stress).  There was also a concierge desk that basically existed to try and get you to spend more money and book more stays before you had even spent a moment outside of the lobby.  I always find that annoying.  If a place is good it can sell itself and you don't need salesmen there to try and pitch it.  That whole situation was off-putting.But all the rooms were nice and the pool area was great!I'm giving this place a four because of the concierge pitch and the general overbearingness of that situation.  How can anyone enjoy their stay if it takes more than a half hour to get to their room?  It should never take more than a half hour to get to your room.All that being said, the room was very affordable and I would stay there again in a heartbeat if given the same deal.If choosing between this place and the Green Valley Ranch, I would definitely choose the Green Valley Ranch.  The rooms were nicer in the Green Valley Ranch and it took less than ten minutes to check in.  Also, Green Valley Ranch has a casino inside and stores attached to the property and a movie theater.  I think the big difference is that the Green Valley Ranch is more of a hotel and Cancun Resort is more of a condo.  You stay at Cancun if you want to cook elaborate meals and spend all day at the pool.  Cancun was lacking in a few areas when compared to similar resorts in Vegas like Green Valley Ranch and South Point.
5	I have to rate this hotel 5 stars.. everything thing was amazing from start to finish. Check in was super easy and everyone was super friendly.  I would definitely recommend this hotel and I will most definitely be back for a longer stay next time.
1	We already have had to move rooms three times first was a accessible room which of course had no tub and moved us to a room with a super old school tv and the tv in the living ro remotes don't works and has super old appliances we had to down grade so annoyed for a 4 star resort o and holes in the walls very classy
4	If the Wi-Fi worked and if we hadn't been without hot water for a day, this would have been a full 5-star experience.  But I have to knock that 5th star off.  I'm not as concerned about the wi-fi (we're on vacation, dang it) but trying to take a shower after having been in the pool is not pleasant with cold water.The one-bedroom villa was absolutely spectacular.  Full kitchen with stove, oven, fridge, microwave, toaster, blender, dishwasher, pots/pans, dishes, glasses, silverware, etc etc made for a very convenient stay.  We were able to pick up groceries and have fresher, healthier meals/snacks.  It was super nice.Having a full two bathrooms was a bonus.  The master bathroom was huge with a giant whirlpool tub.  Only complaint is that the whirlpool tub was excessively loud and you could not use it after hours.Grounds are absolutely gorgeous.  The pools (yes, plural) were very nice, very large, right temperature.  The seating was plentiful, but also spaced apart enough to feel like we weren't crowded.Overall a great stay, and we'll certainly check Groupon again for a good deal!
1	Pubic hair jn your sheets and pillows!! Thats how you know you should never stay here. urine stains? Dont they clean? Well every 4 days but who knows how well they clean. We ended cleaning the dirtyness ourselves we were too tired to carry luggage and groceries to another place. Management didnt offer to upgrade or refund anything and just offered to come and clean after we have done it ourselves. The worst part was the continued calling from salesmen to book timeshare tour. They say theres no pressure but they get mad in your face when you say no. Theres no non smoking rooms they are all non smoking. Theres signs that say smoking allowed in the patio but of course people wont reapect that so expect the smoke smell to linger your room. The pool is nice and pretty fun for kids and adults. But the condition of the room ruined the hotel stay. We never felt comfortable laying in bed or using the restroom. Patio is covered in bird poop kind of gross. And finally!!! The TV's. You get a 20 inch or so in the living room and 18 inch tube old tv(dont give me the its retro because this resort is not trying to go for that look its just cheap and antiquated) so there you go its up to you to decide if you wabt to stay but trust the reviews, this resort doesnt really care about quality. Otherwise there would be upgrades.
4	It's always nice to stay here with the family. The resort has a great location and good for kids. Staff is nice and the pool is awesome. Towels are valuable here, so I would bring your own or don't lose your towel. $25 for every lost pol towel.... Everything else is a good time!
5	If you're NOT going to Vegas for the usual hustle and bustle, then here is where you want to be. And even if you are, here is still a great place to stay! I'm not a big fan of Vegas' busy strip traffic and this resort is perfectly located not too far from the strip, at the beginning of Las Vegas Blvd. The rooms are very clean and very roomy and very reasonably priced! Fully stocked kitchen which helps if you have kids or a big family as eating out can be very expensive. Room service and hotel staff are prompt. The main pool is closed during the winter but the back pool with the slides is pretty much open year round. Oh also, this is my 3rd stay here this year and each time its been great! This is my go to hotel in Vegas!
4	I LOVE this place! The most comfortable bed and pillows, so relaxing. The bathroom is wonderful. I usually won't bathe in hotel tubs but this one is so luxurious I just couldn't resist! It's nice being away from the strip but still close enough to be convenient.  The balcony is great too, it's heavenly to sit out there in the morning, to have breakfast and enjoy a good book.The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was the check in process when we got here. Right after you check in they push you over to the concierge desk for you 'gift' which is actually a long sales spill to schedule you for a 120 minute presentation to buy into time share. When I just get off a plane and arrive at my hotel, I want to get up to my room, not  be pressured into scheduling another sales pitch.Aside from check in though, this place us amazing!
1	Just watched a group of 10 wait for a gate to open and come right on in with outside food and beverages.  Also, people have been smoking here on the pool deck all day which is still against the rules, but apparently no longer enforced.  This goes on while I, an owner, get called a transient to my face by a customer service representative.  These properties have taken a serious dive since Diamond Resorts took over.  I guess thats the Diamond Standard though; buy companies out and treat their current owners like trash until you force them out due to constant disrespect and harassment.My advice?  Save your money.  Or, if you really want in, please God buy my points and let me out of here!!  I've never been treated so horribly as I have in the past year since Diamond took over.Why are we not able to post negative stars on this thing?
4	This place is really chill!! We came once before on an awesome deal my husband found on the internet! Then, we had a two bedroom and it was set up like an apartment!! We each had out own rooms and a living room (with pull out beds) and a full kitchen! Now we are in a one bedroom, and it still rocks!! Still have a kitchen, standard in every room!! So awesome!!This time we bought all of our groceries and the girls are super excited to make our dinners!! Not to mention the pool...water slides, waterfalls & hot tubs oh my!!! Lol....large pools....tons of seating around pool, hot tubs all around pool and even under the waterfall (adult only hottub!!! Me likey). It's quiet compared to other hotels right on strip, no casino, so if you have kids and/or a gambling problem, no worries!! You don't have to fly through the floor with kids in tow!! Some casinos won't even allow your child to watch all those flashing lights...lol....that's like trying to keep a starving dog from eating the steak on the floor!!! Anyway, when we got here, we were greeted very nicely and taken care of as soon as possible!! It made my road trip so much more worth it!! (You try listening to "how many more spongebob episodes now, daddy!!" For 4 1/2 hours)...LMAO!!Seriously best opening vacay Ever!!
5	This place is amazing!!!! We stayed here using a groupon we purchased, we will be coming back in the year to come. So relaxing and pure fun for the family lots of activities for the kids through out the day.  The pool area is clean, the kids enjoyed the slides and spa. The best part is HAPPY HOUR 3-5:) 2for1 drinks, the staff was awesome and very polite. It's far from the strip but if you truly want to relax this is the place to do so:)
4	I am an owner here and I must say that I was disappointed this year. This year they had me check in through VIP and that was a mess! We had 4 rooms and they were mixed up, cards on the wrong rooms and then these towel cards... they can be very stressful to keep track of especially when kids are taking other people's towels. I know they are trying something new but this is not the way. The wifi is horrible here. I ended up having to use my phone as a hotspot. Yes, the kids still had an awesome time but because I have been an owner here for so long, I have seen the changes and they are not for the positive.  Cancun usually sends out a "how was your stay" survey and I plan to share my disappointment with them. For as much as In pay in quarterly dues, I think something needs to be done and quick!
5	I love this place! The rooms are really nice and the amenities are awesome! They have game rooms for the kids and faults too. There's always something to do here! The pools are nice and the water slides are way fun! It's very family oriented. My only complaint is the food here. I wasn't impressed, but besides that's it's an awesome resort!
3	I will start with the good , nice room size and I like having 2 bathrooms . The pool area is great and I like the water slides . It's very family oriented and It serves that purpose well . The bad, it's a time share so they hassled us to buy more stuff when we checked in and it made us uncomfortable . The elevators lag and are very old besides that it's nod a bad place .
3	We stayed here over this past weekend. Were in need of a quick getaway. My mom owns a timeshare and this is one of her properties, so we used some of her points and booked Saturday and Sunday night and headed out of town.  When we pulled up, it felt like we were not even in Nevada anymore, let alone the Vegas area. Nevertheless, positive minded, we headed in to check in.What a NIGHTMARE! We went to one line to be entered into the system then were sent to anther line to get our 'welcome packet'. The second line was simply a ploy. On the spot, we were being hard closed on timeshare packages.I explained to them we were staying at a family owned timeshare, therefore had no need to purchase. Oh no, that wasn't good enough. They went on and on. Honestly, I still feel bad, but they pushed me so hard that I had to get downright nasty and rude to them to shut them up. It still didn't work!What seemed like an eternity later, we finally had our room keys and towel keys (you need one to get a towel at the pool), and were off to our room.We stayed in room 1460. It was a one bedroom with two bathrooms, a dining area, living room area and a decent kitchenette. It was cute, a bit dated and a highly tacky, but not too bad.The kitchen had glasses, plates, forks, pots, pans, a blender, etc. we really had anything we could need including a dishwasher. Which, might I add, was running when we got there..?! HahaWe had to fix the balcony door, as it was kind of broken. However, we could actually go out onto the balcony and sit, which is rare in Vegas.The key cards deactivate easily, so we had to keep them ways from our cell phones and other electronics.  They didn't work well either, which sucked since you had to use them access the elevator.The elevator SUCKED. It took forever to come and go, which is funny because it's only a four story building. I felt like it was going to get stuck multiple times.  At one point the fire alarm went off wen we were on the elevator and I absolutely lost my mind.  I was so happy to be out.Then pool area was really cool. It has four water slides. Two small, two tunnel style ones that really zip you! They were a lot of fun.It wasn't crowded either time we went and the temperature in the water was pretty perfect.There was no wait staff for drinks or snacks of any kind, but you can bring drinks down in plastic containers, which was pretty cool.There was a cool waterfall and a few hot tubs as well, one behind the waterfall. Overall the pool area was great.All in all, the facility was clean, the room was ok, the pool was nice, the overall experience was just ok though. The reason for three stars, really lies with the way we were treated and the overall feel that we just moved into a crappy little apartment. It didn't, at any point, feel like we were on vacation in Las Vegas.
2	My boyfriend and I were able to visit Cancun Resort as part of (unbeknownst to us at the time) a timeshare presentation. The pool area was beautiful with a Mayan temple water slide. The various show rooms were spacious and included full kitchens and bathrooms. There were TVs in the living room and bedrooms but they were all small. This place is located a few miles off the strip.After the presentation and tour, we felt pressured to buy Diamond Resorts timeshare from numerous workers. We repeatedly explained that we needed to think more about it but each time, a new employee would come in with a new "deal." They were pretty relentless until the very end and honestly, that just took out the appeal of this resort and others.
4	We stayed at Cancun Resort for 3 days 2 nights. The rooms are very spacious and well laid out. We stayed in the one bedroom . Came with a full kitchen, 2 full baths, spa tub in master bath, pull out sofa sleeper , dinning room table for 4, and a good size balcony with chairs. Pool area is amazing! Only thing I would change would be the pool and water slide hours. It's Vegas, why not a 24 hour spa like other resorts . All the employees were extremely friendly and helpful. Def recommend Cancun Resort!
2	Not impressed. This place is hardly a resort. Everything is old and run down.  There is NO internet. They really need to stop advertising they even have it. When I talked to the staff they apologized and agreed they don't have it. We were told they are transitioning to a new provider and it's non existent at this point. The property is very dirty. They  allow pets (which is nice) but no one picks up the dog poop. It's all over the property and it smells horrible. The parking is a nightmare, my room had no bathroom lights and no blankets for the fold out sofa. It took 5 hours and 3 phone calls to get bedding, my bathroom lights were fixed the night before we left.  They trick you after you check in by sending you to the "concierge" for your check in package- it's a timeshare presentation and show sales, they aren't nice when you say you're not interested. They are high pressure and get snotty when you want to leave!  I feel like I was scammed by false advertising. I really don't want apologies and an invitation back after they finish the much needed renovation. I want a partial refund for the  false advertising. It's not worth the money. The best thing there is the water slide and the pool, but be warned, the water slides have a bad odor! The landings need to be cleaned and sanitized. The wait staff at the pools is non existent. The staff seem friendly enough but they all appear to be embarrassed when you talk to them about the issues, they all seem to know  the property is run down and not managed properly. I understand the people I talked to have no control over the operational side but I wonder if anyone in upper management truly cares.  If you can get a rate for $59 a night it's worth it- I paid $189 and feel like it was a HUGE rip off.  I've stayed at MUCH nicer resorts and hotels for the same price or less.  Seriously- there are so many places to choose from in Vegas, don't waste your money here.
1	If you are thinking of buying here, or staying here as a family....don't! The pool is great, but you can not bring your own food. You have to buy their food and their drinks...which is expensive if you have a family!  The rooms are nice but small. Please shop around before you buy or stay here!
1	I stayed because I got a deal from Groupon.  But when I got there the hotel had canceled my reservation but Albert the front desk mgr claims u can call Groupon and they will fax over the information so u can stay at the price u paid. So they where so kind and had the same room I paid 247 on Groupon for they would give it to me for 347 but Albert confirmed again that it should be fine after I talk to Groupon on monday.  So then I went to the concierge desk and he was very rude this was Sunday at 3pm and he wanted to sell me a time share.  So I called Groupon they said they don't fax info over so I got stuck paying 100 more for a room but it's a great scam by the hotel cancel your reservation then sell u the same room for more. Don't stay there if you stay two nights or less u do not get housekeeping either. And the pool with the slide closes at 6pm.
1	I've been going to Vegas for many years, stayed in almost every hotel, and this by far was the worst experience ever.  I chose this hotel as it was a "kids" friendly resort.  We checked into a two bedroom suite which was still dirty, hadn't been vacuumed or dusted.  We let them know, all they did was come up and vacuumed.  Later at night, my entire family was being bitten by some sort of bugs in the room.  We woke up and had bites everywhere.  The manager "Jason" said there were no other room or resorts they could transfer us to.  The room was infested with bugs.  We checked out and lost over $600 we had paid.  Do not stay here!
4	We got our room at the Cancun Resort via a groupon, which have us a rate of about $75 per night for three nights. Our one bedroom suite included a separate living room with a sofa bed for our two boys; that part of the suite also included a half bathroom with shower, and a balcony that's big enough to sit out on. There's a kitchen with full-sized fridge, stove, microwave and even a dishwasher; it's also equipped with pots, pans, dishes and silverware. We didn't use any of that, but it's there. Add the dining area to that, and it's a nice public area to host friends. The bedroom has a king-sized bed and a bathroom larger than some hotel rooms I've stayed in, and has a jetted tub and two sinks. There are large televisions in both the bedroom and living area, equipped with DVD and blu-ray players. The pool area is extensive, with a large pool, several hot tubs, and four water slides and a waterfall that pour out of an Aztec-styled temple. There are plenty of pool chairs and a small bar and bistro in the pool area, and even with the area packed, it never felt crowded.With all those positive things about the Cancun, you do need to be aware that it's really a time share resort, part of the Diamond Resorts chain. This means that even if you're just staying there with a groupon, you're literally taken by the elbow from the registration desk and over to the concierge, where they'll offer you all manner of benefits to sit through a 90 minute presentation, trying to get you to sign up. My wife and I are pretty good about sitting through high-pressure sales pitches, and we got a $75 visa gift card, $40 in restaurant gift cards, and an additional 3 night stay at another resort. Having been down this road before, I'm assuming only the visa will actually be redeemable, but hey. 75 bucks. In all, we've had a great time here. It's been fun for our family, a nice getaway for the four of us. There isn't a casino on site, which is why some of us come to Vegas in the first place; for this particular vacation, it was nice to be off the strip and away from the chaos. Next time, maybe we'll party it up.
1	Reminds me of an all inclusive Cancun resort. It's also a timeshare so lots of folks being pressured to 'invest'.Fixtures are worse than hotel grade and really horrid.Kids are everywhere; all ages and probably account for 70% of the guest population. Lots of little teeny boppers yelling and cutting up.Restaurant menu straight out of a ballpark.I bought my room on Hotel Tonight for $102. Thankfully, not subject to timeshare pitch. It was touted as Luxe and, to me, is far from it.So, I'm probably most disappointed in myself for having too high expectations from Lost Wages.Next time I'll stay at the Venetian, pay whatever, sing for my supper and get comp'd.
5	Stayed 5 nights through DIamond Resorts, we have stayed here before . Pleasantly surprised,VIP check in was nice and our room had a great view. The  room was clean well maintained with a full kitchen and a spa on the balcony.. Pretty snazzy! Our kids loved the pools with the slides , the bar and happy hour was a hit with the adults.We did not try the restaurant but I'm sure it was great too.We had free Wifi too!
1	We booked The Cancun via Expedia.  Don't believe the ratings on Expedia as I did and made reservations for my family.  I was deceived by Expedia's positive reviews.  The Cancun is a time share!  The room was dirty, dingy and requires repair and updates.  There were stains on the carpet, broken furniture (including missing handles on drawers, etc.).  I found a used soap w/hair in the master bathroom!  My two young daughters found a wad of blonde hair when they picked up the hair dryer.  There was gum on the ceiling!  If you  and stains on the floor.  If you decide to stay at this hotel, make sure to bring your own toiletries; strangely enough, The Cancun provided two shower gels,  one conditioner and a lotion, but no shampoo.  (I thought perhaps the cleaning crew made a mistake and provided two shower gels and forgot the shampoo; but the other bathroom was the same way).  The pool had large groups of people - many were drinking alcohol and left bottles and plastic cups around the pool.  Beware if you have a family which utilizes electronic devices w/wifi- only two devices are allowed wifi for free and there is an additional charge for every device thereafter.  Also, there was limited parking near your room.  I would not recommend this hotel.  We didn't even stay the night.  I found another hotel and left.  I called Expedia to advise the situation, but they would only provide $50 of Expedia credit to use in the future.  I wouldn't recommend Expedia either.  We lost appx. $450 ($400 w/credit)  I don't normally write reviews, but didn't want another family to get "tricked" and lose money like we did. To top it off, after check in they send you over to the "Do you have time to listen to our presentation", they will try to sell you a timeshare!
5	Kitchen is fully stocked. FULLY. The strip is about a mile off and it is so worth it to stay here as a mini vacation. However, the girl staff at check are pretty rude. The staff at the concierge, Giovanni, politest people/person ever.As for the timeshare pressuring, just say no thanks and DONE!
3	A beautiful resort to be sure....gorgeous pool...nice rooms (villas )....but then there is the timeshare pitch at the "concierge".... the 4 pm check in time....the 10 AM....yes 10 AM check out time that turns a 3 day stay into 2 days.We never had maid service the 3 nights we were there...but she knocked on the door at 10 am sharp on check out day and seemed perturbed that we weren't out yet...we were out at 1010 am.   There is a 10 dollar per night "resort fee" but a lot of vegas resorts are doing that crap too.   It's like a gas station charging $3.75/gallon and then a $5.00 gas station. Fee.   Or a restaurant adding a $15.00 kitchen fee.   If you don't mind the timeshare crap, and the shortened stay....it's a pretty nice place....but remember they are time shares and as a result some fixtures and kitchen equipment can vary from unit to unit.
5	It was out first time there, but it's definitely not our last!  We had a 2 bedroom, 2 bath condo with a living room and kitchen. 1 room had a queen bed and the other a king bed, and the living room had a sofa bed. The bathrooms each had whirlpool tubs along with double sinks. All in all, clean, fresh, and amazing! The pools are to die for with the waterfall and water slides!  Both, my boys and I loved that the deepest part of the whole pool was 5 feet. My 11 year old easily swam everywhere, but it was extra nice that I could navigate all over with my 4 year old - he's swimming but still feels more secure when I'm around. There were at least 3 jacuzzis that I saw; couldn't get in now bc I'm 35 weeks pregnant, but I'm certainly looking forward to getting in on our next trip! Especially in the jacuzzi behind the waterfall! ;) I didn't get to try the food - but the little hut near the pool looked like a hit!  Especially with all the mixed drinks people kept walking out with, lol. Again, definitely looking forward to coming back!  Thank you for being amazeballs, Cancun Resort!
2	Beautiful hotel, great pool area. Family friendly place. Concierge service was less than satisfactory. They were rude and unhelpful. Did not give late check out as promised. Cleaning services did not show up on scheduled day.
3	The place is lacking some key things. Hospitality basically. There's not enough people providing customer service, but there are a ton of ppl if you are interested jn buying into the timeshare. The grounds are kept very nice - it's clean and well taken care of. The activity lounge is nice and would be even better if they had a change machine and made everything accessible. The food is pretty terrible. The drinks are great though and pizza is palatable. There are two people at best taking orders for food and drinks. It's a clusterf$&@ to put it nicely. In short if they would just focus more on customer service and hospitality it would be a really great place. The rooms are perfect for families with a full kitchen, dining table and living space. There is no bell hop. Kinda odd in Vegas if you ask me. Don't lose your towel either. It's a pricey towel. They must make a killing on towels. Lol.I wasnt impressed but give 3 stars for the cleanliness of the grounds, great pool and fam friendly.
4	Great Service. Always doing what they could to give us a better vacation. Food wasn't too great and the drinks weren't strong at all, but that pool doe  Giovanni your the man.
4	Seriously, you get what you pay for, and in our case, we got a lot!  We got a really great deal on Groupon to stay here.  We were aware BEFOREHAND when we saw it was a Diamond Resorts property that there might be some timeshare spiel, but it's not forced on you...we can attest to that. The 2-bedroom villas are comfy & spacious.  Ours had a jetted tub in EACH of the 2 bathrooms and that alone was worth the price.  I'm not going to say it was an EXCEPTIONAL room...if you want that, go pay $300-up at the Bellagio, seriously.  The room had its flaws, but none that affected our stay or our comfort. We loved that it had a full kitchen, complete with full-sized fridge, full oven/range, microwave, AND DISHWASHER.  There are cooking utensils, dishware and pots & pans you can use, so you don't have to spend a lot on eating out-- especially since the grocery store is right across the street!  The resort is also close to shopping (the Premium Outlets are just a couple blocks away) and restaurants, but the best part is THERE IS NO CASINO ON THE GROUNDS.  Because there is no casino, it tends to be less smokey, so better for families.The grounds are great and there is no bellhop service, so call me crazy, but I don't need someone waiting on me hand & foot and am capable of shuffling my own luggage, thank you very much!  They do have the big bell hop carts at your disposal, which was handy.  We didn't really need to rely on staff too much-- but they were very friendly when checking in and the couple time we had to call Front Desk, they were very friendly & patient.  I guess we're just low-maintenance vacationers!The pool is nice, with little water slides, but the water was pretty cold, even while the weather was hot outside.  They have big hammocks around the pool area and it was really relaxing. It was no big deal for us with the towels, especially since brought our own-- and hey, the rules are simple. You can complain all you want about towel cards and this & that, but it's pretty basic- DON'T TRY TO TAKE THE TOWEL :PAll in all, we had a great stay.  I liked it better here than other cheaper places we have stayed.  We didn't order food here, but can't be any different than other hotel food, which can be pretty bleh to begin with.  For the price you pay when you get a good deal, you're not going to find similar accommodations.  We'll be back in December!
5	We stay here for 6 days. We had two reservations for 2 bedroom rooms for our kids and sisters. It was a great place to stay away from the strip to enjoy the quiet time at the great pool grounds.our older children had there flight till night time but we're allow to stay at the pools and used the hotel till it was time to go. (That was really nice) we love it so much that we got more point for our family. Yes it's a time share and people ask if you want to seat in a presentation..but you can just say no and it's ok. We can't wait to see if we can go back for next year.
5	Great place!! First time at the Cancun Resort and it did not fall short. We had a hookup on the price from a cousin who works for  Diamond Resorts but the accommodations were First Rate! We had a 2 room villa with a living room, dining room, kitchen and 2 bathrooms with huge whirlpool baths and double sinks. Both rooms had flat screen TVs, one with a king sized bed and attached bath and the other with a queen. Kitchen came with everything needed to make and have full meals including pots, pans, flatware, plates, bowls, glasses...everything! The whole place was tastefully furnished and decorated. We were very impressed. The hotel's ammenities were equally impressive. The pool area was amazing and my son and his friend had a great time hanging around down there. There was a lounge area down by the pool that offered drinks and food. Had a happy hour with specials. We were very busy visiting Vegas this time around but plan to come back with the whole family and have a more relaxing escape and use everything the Cancun has to offer.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!!!!I did not have any problems initially. Then I asked if I could extend my stay by 3 more nights. They accommodated me and gave me a total amount of $336.0 with tax etc.... Which was fine. The next morning I go outside to get in my car and someone had stollen the Rim from my car!?!?! I file a report with Security and they tell me they can't check the cameras until the next day when the manager will be in. Next day comes and nothing. In fact Security does not contact me until after I checked out and left. On top of that two days later I check my bank account and they took an extra $66.00 out of my bank account. I call them up and ask what is going on and they try and give me some excuse for some fee???? Bullshit. Called my bank immediately to dispute the charge and called the resort back to get a refund. All around bad experience. Nobody ever greets you in there. Everyone looks like there pissed off for having to come to work.
4	Stayed here during the summer for a little mini family vacation. They were in the middle of remodeling as they were changing to a diamond resort, the room I originally booked was nice but didn't have the walk in shower I had requested but after the first night they upgraded our room for free so I could take a shower and it came with an extra room. The pool area was great for the kids and the staff was great and very helpful. It's a great resort for families that don't want to deal with traffic and everything that comes with staying on the strip. We will definitely be back.
5	Let me tell you that I've never seen such great customer service all my life! :-) It was after midnight but Robert the engineer and also Alejandra his assistant as well as Jordan the security guard were immediately willing to help me get my suitcase open. I had lost the keys and within a matter of five minutes or less I had access to my suitcase. These men should be commended for going above and beyond the call of duty especially after midnight! Thanks a lot I'll be coming back! :-)
4	We stayed  here on a time share. It's not like the Vegas hotels on the strip but its ok.
3	Stayed here because I have a timeshare but I like to be closer to the strip. I think they should have shuttles to the strip and to the airport but the last time I went they didn't offer it.
