4	I found this place by accident. Blink and you'll miss it. Best fried catfish I've had. Totally not greasy. Thin cornmeal batter is the right amount of crispy. Fish is tender and moist inside without being greasy at all. Coleslaw was pretty decent. Cornbread was soft and had a hint of sweetness but not too much. Portions are good. Vegetarian options for the non-meat eater. I ate well for less than $10, tip included. Glad I found it.
4	You know, you can ride the light rail from my office to Karim's. You can also walk, if you're so inclined. But, I prefer to exert my calories to more pressing tasks. Like, digesting.Karim's has some mighty fine fried chicken and catfish in downtown Phx. They sometimes run out of their sides (What?!?! What do you mean you don't have any greens? You do realize that I've been craving this all day long...) but I can deal with that. The guys here are wonderfully pleasant; heartbreakingly pleasant! If I had a daughter, I'd totally want her to meet one of these guys.It's best to call in your order, as it's made fresh and can take about 20 minutes. Seems like a long time, but when you consider the freshness of your chicken/fish, it's well worth it.
1	Dear Karim, I was sooo excited to find your place. My BFF's favorite dessert is cobbler and she loves the whole soul food vibe, so for her Christmas present it was decided i would treat her to lunch at your restaurant. We planned this before Christmas and your website stated that you were open 11am-2pm and that worked perfectly for us. So on Sunday Jan 3rd we arrived at your place at 1:15pm, appetite in tow, craving what you had to offer and you know what ? You were closed??? No freakin explanation.. nothing! Your sign even had the audacity to say open "11am - ??" Really? WTF kind of crap is that? If you're going to be so casual about your signage, why don't you update your website to mirror your lax hours of operation. You completely ruined the day and her Christmas present which we were both looking forward to. We ended up going to Hard Rock, satisfied yet still disappointed by the day's events.
5	I had the okra gumbo, rice and beans, and cobbler to go.  On the 15-min. walk back to my office, the food stayed hot.Everything tasted light and fresh. Nothing was greasy or heavy. There are no meat products in their vegetables.It was an excellent meal and I'm looking forward to going back.
4	A nice place to eat before spending too much at the ballpark or arena. Down home service and sinful cobbler top the reasons to drop in.
4	We were in Phoenix for the ComicCon and I took my daughter over for lunch, because I didn't want Subway or Burger King again. Just a little place right off the light rail at 3rd and Jefferson. She had a hot dog and I had a garden burger. Then we split an apple cobbler for dessert. The service was fast (even with all the geeks there for lunch), and they were super sweet and friendly. I'll have to come back and try some of their other dishes, but the hot dog and burger were a bit above average fare. You also get steak fries with the meal. The cobbler was excellent.  They had peach and pear as well so I'll definitely be back! The light rail makes getting to these places from the east valley so easy now!
5	I was on the hunt for good Peach Cobbler and heard good reviews about this place. And i had the Peach Cobbler w Ice Cream. It tasted just like Grandma used to make. Next time im in Phoenix ill try other stuff on the Menu and top it off with Peach Cobbler. The Guys were more than Friendly and Personable and thats why i left a Decent tip in the jar.
2	I went to Karim's before a recent D-Backs game for a bite to eat. I was not impressed with my meal. I can't speak of the cobbler though.I order the burger and fries plate. The burger was dry and didn't have a great taste. The burger meat was obviously frozen. I received a only a handful of fries and my soda was mostly ice. After a few sips, my soda was gone. The meal plates are 4.50-7. A decent price and cheaper than inside the ballpark, but not worth the price you pay. I think next time I'd rather pay a bit more inside to get food that tastes a bit better.When I was ordering my meal, a guy came up to get a refill, no charge. My friend went to get a refill since his drink was mostly ice, no charge. I went to get my refill and was charged $.50! Come on, be consistent!The dining area is very small and can only accommodate a handful of customers at one time.Maybe I'll just skip the food and go to the cobbler next time.
4	Yummmmy!I asked the what was good, he said the BBQ chicken...he was right!He said if I don't want the FF, the potato salad is good...he was right!I ordered the Peach cobbler...it was very sweet but very good!Great place for lunch. I was here on business for a convention and glad I stopped in.
4	Was in conference at the Phoenix Convention Center and a glorious smell wafted through from the east. Turning to my left I saw a plate, and lady tearing something up..fiercely . Me and three other people immediately stopped what we were doing and walked somewhat zombie like to where the food was and asked...where did you get that? Karim's Cobbler Shop and Deli was her reply...in between bites.  Now I've been in Phoenix for 3 months looking for a taste of soul food. And here it was in my back yard! I was shocked!!!With a sense of urgency I walked the streets until once again I was seduced by the smell of fried fish. Wasnt very far, and it was perched right in front of the Light Rail.  My kind of place.First thought, very humble. Very clean and neat and humble.  The owner was very kind, friendly and humble. Very confident that whatever I ordered I would love it. And I did.As the only customer in the place I had soo many questions..How long were you here. Where do you market you store, cuz I never heard of it. With a smile he explained that his customers usually come in thru word of mouth and via the smell.I ordered the 3 piece whiting (its a east coast thing) It was well seasoned yet  non-greasy and well I wanted more of it. A side of red rice and beans which was flavorful and simply not enough.  Not usually a peach cobbler fan but it had so many intricate flavors. I sensed some clove, cinnamon, brown sugar...and something I can't quite put my finger on. The detective will be back to figure out this mystery.  It was sooo GOOOD!Hearing so many complaints that Phoenix has alot of sun but no soul I can confidently say that there is however scatter amongst the desert.  One just have to put in the detective work. Use the senses...it will lead you there. But if you can't follow my lead.  Karim's Cobbler shop is the place to get your grub on.  Bring your families and friends too.  Everyone will leave happy. Or with an extra side :)
4	The hubby & I have been visiting Phoenix for about a week. We were here on Easter. Normally, we would be at my grandma's for dinner which would consist of fried chicken, greens, ham, mac & cheese and whatever dessert my ma decides to make. I usually eat light and avoid fried food, but I kinda missed that traditional Easter dinner. Karim's was closed Sunday, but thank goodness they were open Monday.Catfish was perfectly seasoned and crispy. Delicious! The potato salad was a little sweet, not what I'm used to.The peach cobbler was fantastic. I think we're going back there for lunch today. Hopefully, they have greens today, they didn't yesterday.Their hours are tricky so call ahead or check their website before you go.
5	The first I tried this place was when my dad worked at the arena downtown.  Him and I are both obsessed with peach cobbler amd we could not find a place in AZ for a while that served good peach cobbler...since then we have found some, but in my opinion this is the best in Phoenix.  I am still searching...lol...I love peach cobbler that has a good amount of crust, but the cobbler cannot be dry or bready...it needs to be gooey and a little doughy...I do not like it when there is only fruit and then there is just some sprinkling of a crust on top....This place as the perfect amount of crust and fruit!  I love it!  It is the best with some vanilla ice cream and have it warmed up!  It is great with a little carmel sauce or a bourbon carmel sauce on top!  I know that I should be reviewing the entire restaurant but I only go here for cobbler and it is the best!  TRY IT!!
3	My review of Karim's must be viewed as a work in progress.  First, I did not have a chance to try the cobbler.  I did think about ordering one with my meal but opted not to.  Second, service was amazingly slow, though, I get the impression it was an off day.  The staff was friendly but I've seriously never waited so long to order or receive my food.  Given the general positive reviews here on Yelp I think my off day hunch is correct.  I want to give Karim's another spin and make sure to try the cobbler next time.I can say I was impressed with my meal despite the wait.  I ordered the beef BBQ combo that came with fries and a drink.  The fries were very good and piping hot.  The beef was tasty and I really enjoyed the BBQ sauce though I'm not sure if it's made in house or not.
5	Karim's knows their cobbler and they make an incredible one. The peach cobbler is warm, buttery, creamy and sugary sweet with each bite. If you've been bitten by the sugar elves and have a sweet tooth like me, then you must visit Karim's for a cobbler.
4	This past week for Opening Day my father, fiance and self went to Karim's due to the egregious lines at all the local bars and pubs. Karim's is a small cobbler shop right off of Jefferson, and compared to other eateries it does offer a more limited selection. BUT, the selection they do offer is great. They have a couple different combo options for fish fry as well as the general burger and other eats. It has got a significant southern-down-home-cooking feel to it, as you would expect. I chose a 2 piece catfish combo plate and a medium order of Okra Gumbo. Yes, Okra Gumbo. It was actually really good, but the cup they put it in was very small. I always ask what size bowl you get, but we were in such a hurry I never thought to ask, so it's partially my fault. The catfish pieces though, were AMAZING. They had some awesome varieties of different southern hot sauces and I dabbed that on the catfish, which brought even more life to the dish. It was cooked just right, not too soggy, not too dry. My dad chose an Angus burger combo and was very happy with the choice, and my fiance opted for the chili dog, which she woofed down, haha.All in all, its a great option when everything else is crowded. They have a small kitchen, so you will have to wait for the staff to catch up on a busy weekend when going to the game. They pump out a lot of good food it looks like, so if you want some fried fish on game day, head on over to Karim's! I will do a follow up on their cobbler, next time I go.
2	I've given this place 2 chances a d nothing times its been just bad.  The hours of operation seem just random for one.  More importantly, the food... its just.. eh.. How can you really screw up a chicago dog ?  How about not having sport peppers and serving it a stale crappy bun ?  Coke machine was both flat and not enough syrup... cobbler.. ok that was decent.. will I ever go back ?  Nope.. sorry karims but there are just too many better choices in the area.
1	COBBLER FRAUD. Ok, your calling yourself a Cobbler shop (and who does that), yet your admitting to me that your peaches are not fresh, but "hey it tastes like it does huh".  I'm glad that I just asked for a taste of the cobbler to avoid getting more riled up and then luckily asked the nice lady about her peaches. How cheap are some places and then it was obvious the sample had been nuked because it was microwave hot and not fresh out of the oven. Then I'm thinking, hmmm I never had a frozen apple before, the apple cobbler must be fresh right - apples are like 10 cents each. But to my horror, those apples are also canned, frozen or otherwise not fresh. All of this could have been avoided if I never stepped foot in the place and just stared at the sign. Karim doesn't make cobbler, Grandma does, Karim just thinks he can call himself whatever he wants - oh its cobbler allright, but granny would be rolling over in her grave at these frozen, canned and nuked frauds.
3	Ok, so i didn't try the cobbler.. after reading Brad S's i guess i am glad i ate too much..  What i did have was the fried catfish and some cornbread, clean fry all together, not greasy.. going by what i had i would go back next time i am having a cajun craving
