5	Andy's Barber Shop is by far one of the best places for men to get their haircut in the Champaign, IL area.  Once you walk in, you're greeted by old-time barbers' chairs, car magazines, and rustic American memorabilia on the walls.My barber did a great job with my hair and even used hot lather with a straight razor around the neck and ears.  These barbers know how to cut men's hair better than any shop on or near the UIUC campus.
5	After my haircut here, I felt chipper. I've never felt chipper after a haircut. Every other time that I've paid someone to shorten those thin strands of protein filament on my head, I've ended up walking back to my car with a sense of nakedness. I would sit down, look in the mirror, and try to figure out how to quickly make myself look like "me" again without hurting the feelings of the young lady who sheared me (who no doubt is watching closely from the cash register inside to see whether her client respects her art). Of course, there's also the inevitable burning doubt in my impetuous decision to choose the #3 clippers over the #4. (One time, my scalp-skimmer asked me what clippers are usually used on me, and I said "I think the 1/2 inch ones." She proceeded to etch a virtual bald spot into the side of my head with her #0.5.)Andy's Barber Shop is different. Refreshingly. My barber during my first visit, Lou, was man of about 60 who mused about a number of topics during my tenure in his chair, including how he got his start as a barber by carving a niche into the lucrative "long hair" market in the 1970s. He's a genuine and sincere guy, and I really liked that.And he didn't even give me a chance to define my desired haircut with a single-digit number. He visually examined my hair, fluffed it out a couple times, and then presented me with what was, for all practical purposes, a stylistic framework. A framework, for pete's sake! Lou proved to be a master artisan - he balanced my hair according to what fit best with my skinny head and he deftly navigated my three wonderful cowlicks in a way that I can only logically attribute to magic.In the end, he actually seemed proud of his work (which is an observation that I've never ever made before), and I was actually completely sincere when I said "that's perfect" (which is a phrase that I've never ever meant in a barber chair before). I walked out confidently with a style that had been crafted for "me"; I will definitely be walking back in again.
5	I wanted a short cut for an interview with decent edging.  My barber there did a great job with my hair, even and sharp throughout.  The price was excellent and the atmosphere was very friendly.  I saw guys of all ages there getting various styles of hair cutting done and didn't hear anyone going away unsatisfied.Keep in mind that this is a barber shop as the name states, not a salon.2nd trip back to get a haircut turned out as well as the first.
5	My husband and sons go to this barber shop.  They always give great haircuts.
5	I have to agree with the previous reviewer on the quality of this shop, especially Lou as a barber!I generally just get the top layer of hair buzzed off, but lately I've felt like maybe I should have some sort of a style.  When I told that to Lou, he immediately got very cheerful and said that everyone should have an idea of how they want their hair to look.  He spent 5 minutes just talking with me about the way different things would look, recommending I leave my hair longer on the sides but shaped in other places.When he was done my hair looked great.  Usually, when I go to a barber, I feel like my hair doesn't look good for about a week until it has a chance to grow out again.  Lou did almost all of my cut with his scissors and razor, and only touched a few areas with the clipper.  He also had plenty of salty stories to share!There were a few old guys waiting in line for Andy, who I hear is also an excellent barber, but I will be going back there from now on to see Lou.  This place is the perfect mix.  They care about giving you a good haircut, for a pretty fair price, but don't give men the unnecessary salon treatment with shampoo and perfume.
4	I've lived in Champaign since 2000. I think I've finally found a barber shop that I will consistantly go to. Sportscenter on TV, few jokes, straight razor hot shave, hot towel, and I didn't have to talk. Real nice.
2	I just confirmed why I avoid barbershops and it's because they only know two cuts. It's either high and tight or a flat top. Am I sporting military garb?? Do I have a sign around my neck that says I want a sunburn on my head even though I have a full head of hair?? Don't ask me how I want my haircut if you're not going to listen to me Jason.Don't get me wrong, I love getting the ole neck shaved with a straight razor. Another reviewer stated getting a hot towel...I didn't get any of that action.Other than getting my neck shaved, the playboys, and watching the Cubs get killed again in the first game of a new series, Andy's didn't impress me much. If you like your hair super short then you'll love this place, if you like to keep more than a quarter inch on top then look elsewhere because they do not know how to take care of you. Start serving some beer in there and I might consider coming back.
5	Top notch!  Best haircuts in champaign.  If you want a great haircut in a great atmosphere look no further.  Andy and Lou are both as good as it gets although you can choose from four or five different barbers each time you visit.  I've been a customer since they opened the shop and went with all my groomsmen for straight razor shaves the day of my wedding.  Good stuff - I always walk out the door feeling like I've gotten the best haircut ever - a good feeling.
1	Lets start by saying I havent had haircut here and I wouldn't. I went there today after reading the good reviews, I even got inside and waited for about 20 mins. But it is what I saw and experienced there that tell me this place does not worth giving money to. I felt that they are rude to their customers. Why? Read on4:10: I came in, said hello - no response from both barbers4:30, a guy came in and said he just walk in is that ok. yes one of the barbers said. "how long do I have to wait? about 40 mins. ok i'll wait" and he walked in... then the barber said "but we close at 5 haha, it's your call". So the guy left, and I left too.Is this the last place on earth to get a haircut? Probably not. They definitely should learn to respect their customers.
5	I like this place.  It's my go to in town for haircuts now.I have had three haircuts here.  The first was when I finally decided it was time to lose the long hair and get a shorter cut.  I really liked the new haircut, though it was quite different.  The two times I've been back since, they have given me haircuts that look good the same day and even better as the hair starts to grow a bit longer.  I've always been satisfied and I think the prices are quite fair.I also have kind of a hairy neck, so I always seem to get the shave with lather and straight razor.  It's nice.I would not come here if I wanted a longer cut or highlights or something, it doesn't really seem like their style.  I've never asked about it, though.  It does get busy sometimes, especially on the weekend, but there are magazines to read and TVs to watch, so it's not bad at all.
4	Great haircut my first time there. It looks good day of, which is not something I'm accustomed to. I keep my hair longer than the 'high and tight' that other a couple of other reviewers have complained about being the only cuts these barbers know.Talking was less than I expected; I was gestured into a chair when I got there and after discussing the cut there was no further conversation, but as I said it was my first time there so maybe next time.Also, if you go in with awesome sideburns and want to keep them you better make sure you mention that. I lost mine.
5	I've been going to Andy's Barber Shop pretty much since it opened.  I tend to wait a long time between haircuts, so it is hard for me to establish much rapport with the barbers such that they will remember me from visit to visit.   However, I've had the same barber the last 2 visits, and he actually remembered me from my last visit. His name escapes me at the moment, but he's the newest barber there, and does a great job!Andy and Lou are both great barbers as well, and I've had many great haircuts from them.   I've _always_ had good haircuts from there regardless of who does it, and would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone else wanting to go to an actual barber shop.  In the evenings (and especially near the weekend) it does get rather busy.  If you're able, try going over lunch in the middle of the week or early afternoon (2-4pm) as I've had shorter wait times in that timeframe.
5	I love it here because they all know they are doing with clippers.  I have had it many times when I've gone to a haircut place in a mall or somewhere similar and they don't know what I'm talking about when I say I want it as close as you can cut it.  Most react with "so a 1?".  So I just have to sigh and agree if I don't want a screwed up haircut. I have received a haircut here many times.  I haven't made it a point in trying to get any specific barber, and because of this I have had several.I can honestly say that having tried 5 or 6 different barbers here that I have never had a problem with my haircut.  They do a great job and are always friendly.
5	Simply the best.  Andy's has the best barbers in town, my favorite being Tom.  His popularity shows too, as he has a loyal following that makes him the only guy who does appointments Monday through Friday and walk-in's on Saturday.  Everyone else is walk-in only.  As has been mentioned, these guys know how to use clippers.  I wish I had known Tom when I was in the Marines, he can do a real regulation haircut!  I'd gone to a couple barber shops when preparing to go back to my duty station after leave and no one could do it right, but Tom is the man, he can do a real military reg!  They're great with kids too, always joking around with them and suckers to give them when they're done!  As of this writing, Dec 2011, a basic men's cut is $16.  Cash and checks only.
1	This used to be my favorite barbershop when Lou was still here.  Always polite and kind and cut my hair the way I wanted.  The last time I went in they told me Lou had retired so I had one of the other guys cut my hair.  MISTAKE!   First and most offensive, he had obviously just finished smoking a cigarette and did not wash his hands.  So I had to smell his nasty nicotine fingers while he cut my hair.  Furthermore, that smell hung on me all afternoon.  FOUL!   He was rude and worked in a very hurried manner.  Finally, I was stunned to observe this fat slob WATCHING THE TV which was blaring sports news while he hacked away at my hair.   DOUCHE-TURKEY!!! This plays blows now and I wouldn't let them cut a cake for me.  Miss ya Lou.
4	Great atmosphere.  Quality haircuts at an affordable price.  The only thing they're missing is a barbershop quartet.
4	Went there after looking for barber shops all over the area, and I have to say I have finally found the place where they know what they are doing and are patient. For $18 I got a regular mens haircut and actually felt like the barber cared and took his time. The result was the best haircut I have received so far in Champaign; I'd say it's worth the money. Will go back for sure.
1	Do not go here.  I repeat... DO NOT GO!!!I have had the same barber for the past two years.  I moved to Champaign and used yelp to find a new one.  After my haircut, I noticed that all the great reviews for this place are from a few years back...big mistake on my part.Now I am sure that every barber in the shop is different, but mine was horrible.  I walked in and was seated right away.  He asked me what we were looking for today, and I replied.. "just a trim".  I also explained that I like it a bit shorter, and my wife likes it longer.  I also explained that I style my hair with a side-part.He broke out the clippers and proceeded to give me basically a high and tight fade.  My hair is so short now that it cannot be parted.  I have several fun cowlicks, and they are now all running my life again.  All of the "edges" in my hair are crooked, with odd chunks taken out in random places.I generally prefer the older barbers, as they usually take their time and will talk a little.  They also tend to not use clippers as much, in my experience.  This guy did not say one word to me the entire time I was in the chair.  He used the clippers for 95% of my cut, and destroyed my head in the process.$18 for a good haircut is fine by me, but this was by far the worst I have received.  I walked out really mad at myself for not just going to Walmart for the same quality.  I will not be back, and I will do my best to stop people from using this establishment.P.S.  -They only accept cash or checks.  This is not explained until you attempt to pay.  Because apparently their monetary transactions are stuck in the 1980's, but they all use clippers like at great clips...
5	Jason is my guy.  My first time here I told him that my clipper guard was #2, then as I was trying to explain how I wanted the rest of it done, he suggested... "Then just make the rest look right?"  Yup. Indeed. And those have been my instructions every visit since!
5	I've been going to this shop for several years now and the haircuts are always on point! My guy is Andy. But I do have to say that when he isn't available I've had Luke or Jake cut my hair and they are just as talented. Plus they (Luke and Jake) take appointments, if your one of those guys that can't wait around. I've read some reviews and have always had the opinion that if you come out of a shop with a cut your not happy with, you at least have to give the other barbers a try. There are plenty capable barbers to choose from!
