5	Great selection of supplements and awesome drinks. They know their stuff and will help you with what exactly you're looking for. Great prices!
5	It is about time this area got a great Nutrition shop that is not full of over compensating meat-heads. I mean that in the most delicate and sympathetic kind of way, but this place is nothing like that. From the minute you walk in you will be greeted by one of the awesome staff members in the shop and if you are lucky enough to stop by while John the owner is there I'm sure he would be more than willing to give you the run down of all of their products and if you are looking for advice on what you need whether it be a pre-workout, post workout or BCAA's he has all the info you could ask for. I have been getting my supplements from another shop that I have to drive further to get to and when I do get there the parking is a nightmare and with Pro Fit not only is it closer but the parking lot is huge so I do not see it being an issue. The convenience of location is not only due it being closer for me but when you get done clanging plates at 24 hour fitness you can walk right across the parking lot and grab a recovery shake or one of the other many amazing drinks made fresh while you wait. I personally went with the Green Giant which has tons of different veggies in it and I must say that you do not taste all the veggies the way that drink was made. I cant say enough about the drinks, no added sugars is another big plus. To sum things up, if you are looking for a great place to get all the supplements you need and get them at the best price in town, from genuinely good people, this is it. Stop by say hello and get your supplements and grab a refreshing drink to take on the go.
5	Everything about Pro Fit Nutrition is on point!  Very friendly and knowledgable staff plus smoothies/juices prepared fresh for you! Supplements are very well priced, not to mention they have a lot of great options.  Def check this place out!
2	Sad face. It's kinda dreary in there, and they don't have almond milk for the smoothies. Also, all the spinach and kale is dried, not fresh. I think if they promoted themselves as a smoothie place and upped their game there they would get more customers who just might happen to buy supplements too!
