5	US Bank is a conservative bank who tries to compete against the "too big to fail" banks, and has won my business. After speaking with Jennifer Craft and her Manager named Ayesha at this branch, I decided to move my accounts to US Bank. There are two reasons why I am abandoning my current banking relationship of 14 years: 1) "Too Big To Fail" means "Too Big To Compete"     My old bank is a huge bureaucracy of left hands not talking to right hands, intentional and willful slowness to benefit no one, and an employee culture of elitism. 2) The three rules of banking never applied: Convenience, Cost, and Care.    My old bank, although with tons of branches spread out everywhere, was never convenient. The costs associated with the accounts were exorbitant and they raised my credit card interest rate to 38% "just because". And nobody new my name after years of banking at the same branch. WTH? Could you "pretend" to care?At US Bank (particularly this branch), Jennifer Craft took the time to get to know me and what products and services could be beneficial to me. Jennifer Craft went the extra "mile and a half" (while Ayesha fielded all the other customers waiting in line) to make sure I had everything I needed. If patience is a virtue and knowledge is power, Jennifer Craft is both virtuous and powerful.Big plus for US Bank: Current and former United States military service members receive "Platinum Checking" at no charge.Big pluses for this branch: Care with a capital "C". Open seven days a week. Get it? A bank open on Sunday! Convenient location.Big negative for (Gank of America): A mortgage department not motivated to do real work means the last straw on an overly burdened camel. In the words of Big Dan Teague (John Goodman) "See you in the funny papers, boys!"
1	Double check your deposit and your cash. I have received counterfeit money and my deposits were short a few times once you leave they won't help you. Use another branch.
4	Best US Bank by far. Have helped us tremendously with our business and personal accounts. Love the Vanessa's there. They are the sweetest.
5	I was very pleased with the service I received. I needed a huge stack of forms notarized and my usual branch did not have anyone that was a notary on that day so I went to this branch. Even though she was busy and this isn't my usual branch, the branch manager Jennifer P. took a fair amount of time to make sure that all my documents were taken care of. I have generally been pretty happy with US bank and was very satisfied with the extra time and attention.
