5	I love this restaurant. The sushi is good and the menu is spectacular. My favorites include the; Ye's roll, Spicy-Crispy Tuna. This place is busy but well organized so I don't find that you have to wait too long for anything.
4	This location of Ye's opened up just before I moved away from the area. My brother introduced me to it as he has been a fan for years, having frequented the Waterloo location in years gone by. I was fairly new to sushi and found the quality of food here above average. The other bonus is that it is AYCE.The decor of the restaurant is very nice and the staff is prompt, although, sometimes orders are lost. That is surprising considering you order by writing your selections on slips at the table. They do have a large selection, a favorite of which is spicy salmon.Ye's was really missed after I moved away but I finally have a local AYCE that is 5 star quality both in the food quality and presentation. Before that, I would have rated Ye's at 5 stars but now know that it is not quite up to par with my new local favorite. Be that as it may, I will be going back to Ye's next time I am in the area as I have done many times before.
3	It's average. If you're in the mood for sushi and are in the area it's worth swinging by. Sashimi - sliced a bit thin for my liking. Tempura was okay. MFried rice needed more flavour. Maki and hand rolls were all good but nothing to write home about. If you're a sushi fan you'll be disappointed - it's not great and not bad, but given the ambiance it'll leave you wanting. If you're new to sushi it'll be a good meal.
4	Great sushi and service is quick as well.  Our sales teams go to sushi spot in Cambridge usually for lunch but came for dinner this time.  Get the crab pizza it's prime time!
3	Went in here for dinner tonight. It's a nice looking place that offers only all you can eat options.  I had a couple rolls and some sushi, it was all good enough, but nothing special.  It felt like it was made quickly because of the 'all you can eat' aspect. I've been to all you can eat places that took the time to make interesting rolls with a bit more flavor.  I ordered a spicy tuna that had no spice to it and a dragon roll that I couldn't really identify the fish in.Overall it was good for a quick dinner and the staff was friendly enough.
2	Came in for dinner on Tuesday with colleagues of mine. We made a reservation in advance, which was a good idea since the place was bustling by the time I arrived later. I'm not a big fan of AYCE sushi places to be honest. I always end up leaving there feeling fat, bloated and guilty. Luckily I went for a run that morning which helped displace some of my fat guilt. The service was mediocre - empty dishes sat at the edge of our table for quite a whole before someone came to clear them away.The salmon sashimi was reasonably fresh looking and tasting - but the others such as surf clam looked to have been purchased pre-sliced and didn't have as much freshness. The only other complaint I would have is that not everything you ever order on your order sheet ever makes it to the table. I think it is just an unwritten rule that you'll get only as much as 80% of the items you order or 80% of the quantity you requested. This likely won't be my last time here.. But I'll probably feel the same regrets after feeling like a beached whale again.
3	3.5 out of 5had lunch today with the wife and it was a good experience. sushi was fresh and tempura items was nicely cooked. however, rice to fish ratio was not that great as it was more rice (typical of ayce sushi). the ipad menu was a nice touch. service was fast. i got my sushi and rolls in less than 5 minutes after order is finalized by the waitress.. same with the kitchen items. weekend lunch was at $14.99 , bottomless po was at $1.60. $45 with taxes and tips for two people.
3	Not my favourite place. Like Ye's Buffet, it takes the wait staff a while to get to your table. Now that they use iPads to order food it's very confusing at first, and it's easier to get carried away, but it works.
1	I was in the area and wanted to have Sushi for dinner, I normally go to Hockey Sushi in Guelph for sushi, but figured I'd try a new place with my friends this time.Came here and I was definately impressed with the place itself, well appearance and comfortable seating here.I've always been fascinated with ipad Ordering system, makes it much more convenient and I don't have to feel rushed while ordering my food with a server.I live in Markham, so I've definately had much better sushi on a regular basis.  The sashimi here was regular, not super fresh, in fact their salmon tataki still had ice in it as if it was still defrosting, kind of gross.They didn't even offer regular salmon hand roll that majority of Japanese places would. Odd, as they only offered spicy salmon hand roll. The rolls were filled with too much rice, and too much sauce were placed over them.The chicken udon in soup had 2 mini pieces of chicken in there, wasn't impressed. I get they're trying to be creative with the dishes.. but diced salmon sashimi on a Pringle? That's just.. not what I expected. Service from the servers were fair, food came at a fast time, however the quality and authenticity of the Japanese food I would rate 2/10.  Definately not coming back.
