4	If I could give 4.5, I would. They were all very personable and everyone was easy to understand. I have only been twice but I received excellent service both times. Great job with acrylics and pedicures :o) The only thing I wish could be better would be a little bit of a nicer atmosphere... sometimes it is a little loud and you can tell they have been in that building for a long time.
4	I have been going to these guys for probably close to a year. Lena does a fantastic job on my acrylic nails. She does all kinds of glitter tips. She also does lashes. She offers 2 different kinds and does a great job for a good price. They have a variety of nail colors as well as glitter powders. They just remodeled in late Oct 2012. New pedi chairs and such. They are family ran and owned. Tiny, John, Ruby are all wonderful and give great pedis as well as manis.
5	I've been going here for a number of years now and no matter where I'm at, I simply won't go anywhere else - John is the guy who almost always does my pedicures and he's AMAZING ... always knows what I like, I just let him pick the colors and he creates the most awesome designs everytime ... he's thoughtful and funny and knows what he's doing ... the other technicians in the shop are equally nice and good at what they do, but as long as John is there, he's the one I go to for all my pedicures ...
5	I love going to this salon.  John and Teeny are hilarious.  Not only do you get pampered but entertained as well.  The salon is updated in the decor and very clean.  Prices fair and affordable,  highly recommend.
5	They always do a great job! Clean facility. They are funny and entertaining as well. I've been to every salon in the area but always go back to them.
5	I have been coming to see Tini for about 4 years.  She does an amazing job and pays attention to detail and always does a great job.  Lena is awesome for waxing and John is always courteous and friendly.  I would recommend this place to everyone!
1	I've been here a couple of times and it was ok. Just another run of the mill Viet nail salon. Pedicures are fine. Nothing to write home about. I got my nails done last night and I'm pretty disappointed. I came in for a mani and gel full set. What I got was a full set french tip acrylic. I should have paid only $35 & they charged me $45. Fine, whatever. I just wanted to get out because my nail was aching. The girl used the drill on my nails but she drilled so much on one of my fingers that it was swollen and bleeding a bit by the time I left. I don't recommend this place. They aren't very sanitary (using files and such that they used on others), they abuse your nails, and the girl was giving me disapproving glares when I told her she was hurting me! I was bleeding! Some people have a good experience. My experience was not.
