4	Oh, this is something very, very special. Service was flawless and the food was fresh, inventive and deeply satisfying.Starters: african prawn on risotto, blue-fin tuna tartarSalad:: Moroccan Dates stuffed with ChevreMain: Duck a l'Orange, Filet mignonDessert: Apple tarte tatin, spiced cake with pear and ice creamYea... that's decadent but the portions are sized such that it's all manageable. I watch too many high-end cooking shows and I'm often left asking myself: "Where could I eat THAT in Charlotte?" I now have an answer.Yes, I have been overly critical in my 4-star rating. However, at this level of dining I'm deducting a single star as the steak was more medium than medium rare. I am however looking forward to return again and again until I find the missing fifth star.
5	Wow!  So normally when my wife and I want to go out for a special occasion (anniversary), we opt for The Fig Tree.  This year we instead decided to try reently-opened Lumiere French Kitchen (same owners as The Liberty).  We  viewed the menu before going on-line (note the menu on-line was not complete - there were more items available such as a fresh Alaskan salmon special), so we knew it was going to be $$$ (with an appetizer, salad, entree and dessert it ran about $100 per person including drinks).   Although located in a Myers Park strip mall, the intimate, relaxing atmosphere inside made it easy to forget everything except good company, good wine, and incredible food.  The appetizers (poached lobster and blue fin tuna tartar were outstanding as were the salads (my wife had the salad with the chevre stuffed figs - amazing).  The entrees were all amazing (from the Poulet Rouge Roulad - don't think you are wasting your experience by ordering chicken - let the server describe how it's prepared and you will understand how even chicken can be made decadent)  and the pork dish (with black truffles) was delectable.  Just when we thought it couldn't get better, the apple tart tatin with creme anglaise (and fresh made vanilla bean ice cream) arrived - the most enjoyable dessert I've had in quite some time.  But what really made the night special was the highly professional and attentive service.  A truly memorable dinner well worth the $$$.   We can't wait to go back.
5	I cannot say enough about how special this place is! My wife and I went there for her 30th birthday, and it was exactly the kind of perfect dining experience I had hoped it would be. From the hostess to the maitre d' Ramsey who recommended food and wine to the waiters who were very attentive but not overbearing, the staff was exactly the kind of staff you'd want at a nice restaurant: knowledgeable and friendly while making us feel like they were paying us special attention. Ramsey in particular was very helpful in recommending different parts of the menu while not just highlighting the most expensive dishes.My wife started out with the Bosc pear salad and for an entree had the Alaskan salmon, and I started with the sweet pea appetizer and had the rabbit two ways for my entree. Everything was cooked perfectly, plated beautifully, and was the exact right portion size for the richness of the food. My wife in particular said her salad was the best salad she had ever had and I've never had salmon cooked as perfectly as the bite of hers I had. My sweet pea appetizer included a kind of ravioli filled with Mascarpone cheese and was swimming in a rich brown broth poured at the table. My rabbit entree was delicious and a real treat as I'd never had rabbit before. We each also had wine and since it was a birthday dinner we were given complimentary macaroons that were made perfectly.The decor is great too, and each table includes a bit of a view of the small kitchen where you're able to see the chefs working. It's an intimate restaurant decorated in silvers and golds with soft textures and dim lighting. It all fits the neighborhood and the price of the food very well. We didn't each do the whole appetizer-salad-entree-desert-drinks menu, but for one appetizer, one salad, two entrees, and two glasses of wine, our bill was $114 before tip. The food we ordered wasn't the most expensive or cheapest on the menu, but everything was a solid middle price. Their menu apparently changes regularly, so I'm excited to see what it looks like again in a couple months.
5	They have the most professional service in Charlotte and their food equals or exceeds the finest restaurants in Charlotte. The staff is able to suggest perfect pairings of wine with your entrees. They serve french press coffee that is excellent. Nothing more to say except; there is a new sheriff in town and it's called Lumiere. Take your special person here and they will  know they are treasured by you.
5	It has been a long, cold, dark and dreary winter. In light of this, we decided to start off spring with a special date night and selected one of Charlotte's newest and most buzzed about restaurants for dinner.The buzz did not mislead. Lumiere French Kitchen was excellent!First, a few notes about the interior. From the clean modern lines, evocative of mid century classic design to the natural textures with a palette of gentle beach glass tones everything in the interior was flawless. We were particularly fond of the lighting and the light level was PERFECT! So pleasant to actually be able to read a menu without having to use the flashlight feature on my iPhone for a change.Lumiere had a small, but very well curated wine list - some of the standard French pedigrees and a few surprises. I enjoyed a glass of a lovely and crisp Sauvignon Blanc from Hexagonals (https://winelibrary.com/reviewwine.asp?item=47246). It was a perfect start to the meal I had selected.Dinner started with one of the most delightful little rolls I've ever had - light and fluffy and dripping with the flavor of gruyere. I believe I might have propositioned the baker, but I was strongly under the influence of the delicious bread at the time and refuse to be held accountable for my wanton ways.We were then given an amuse buche - Dave received a beautiful bite of the Parisian Gnocchi while I enjoyed a soupcon of Lobster Bisque. The presentation, not just for the Amuse Buche, throughout the meal was lovely - simple, modern and clean lines on white service with contemporary, slightly edgy shape to it. The Gnocchi were light and delicious, nearly translucent in their delicacy. The bisque was earthy and a little lusty with the taste of the sea from the lobster blending beautifully in the creamy base.For the next course, Dave enjoyed a salad of Cheese Stuffed Dates, Beet and Frisee - composed layer by layer and finished beautifully with a delicate vinagrette and a tiny pinch of sea salt. I dove into a tureen of the Artichoke Bisque with Foie Gras Torchon (yeah, I've heard all about the horrors of Foie Gras, but two or three times a year I'm willing to pretend ignorance because it's just that friggen good). Often bisques are gloopy or too salty. Not so here. Lumiere's was near perfection in texture, temperature and flavor. Again, there was an earthiness to it's composition that tempted me to forget about my main and just ask for another bowl of bisque.Main courses did come, however, and there were no regrets there either. The chef prepared a gorgeous vegetable plate for Dave (off menu due to his vegetarian needs). The colors, textures and flavors were all beautifully balanced. I had the Butter Poached Lobster, which is listed as a starter but served me well as a main, especially after the richness of the bisque. The lobster was cooked perfectly - still tender and delicious. It was served on a bed of shaved hearts of palm, haricots vert, trumpet mushrooms and tiny bits of crisp pancetta. Supurb!As finale, we shared a dessert of Poached Pear in Red Wine with a black peppercorn sauce served on a blueberry financier cake with a dollop of vanilla rum ice cream. That was then followed with two perfect little house made macaron cookies.The meal left us very satisfied, the flavors were very well balanced and unlike many classical French meals, we didn't feel over stuffed and over sauced afterwards. The pallette was clean and fresh, presentation beautiful and the service attentive and discreet.I think the last time I've had a meal to compare, I was actually in Paris or perhaps at the venerable Cyrus in Healdsburg.Congratulations to all involved at Lumiere French Kitchen! Exquisite Exeuction of concept and a fantastic meal.
5	I could wrap up this review in one word: decadent. For more explanation, read on!We had a 6:30 reservation on a Saturday night; we arrived about 15 minutes early and were promptly seated in a booth. We had thought about having a pre-dinner drink at the bar and were immediately glad we didn't when we saw that the bar only had 3 seats... this is definitely a meal-only place, but what a meal it was! Booths line the wall and there are tables in the middle. The decor is sparse but modern and cozy. A trip to the restroom also revealed a pretty extensive wine cellar in the back of the restaurant.We started with a duck confit appetizer and bottle of Rhone that our incredibly knowledgeable, patient, helpful, and friendly waitress suggested. Neither the fella nor I know anything about French wines, and the list was as extensive as the cellar! The duck was incredible and was preceded by a lobster bisque amuse-bouche and light, buttery, steaming hot rolls. For dinner, I got the wild boar with truffle mac and cheese, and the fella got the rabbit. After tasting each others, we couldn't come to a conclusion on who had picked the better entree because they were both so amazing. Since we were in a "blow it out" sort of mood, we then ordered the creme brulee for dessert. Mmmm... there just aren't words. After that, our waitress brought us some complimentary marizpan petit fours for one last, sweet bite.This is definitely a special occasion place with special occasion prices, but it is well worth the trip. The service, ambiance, and food are out of this world, and Lumiere has officially become one of my top fine dining spots in Charlotte.
5	I will add my 5 stars to the others. Truly one of the best meals and loveliest experiences we have had at a Charlotte restaurant. It was my birthday, and Lumiere really made it special. Starting with the best French 75 I've had (even though it was a new cocktail for them to make) through the amuse bouche of light and fluffy brioche rolls and a tasting of soup, to our salad and entrees of rabbit and duck, to a lovely dessert and coffee service- it was all done to perfection. Service was spectacular. Seasonal, fresh, balanced flavors with a perfect wine pairing. Jeez, I could go on, but I'll end with an urging to GO to Lumiere, particularly if you are celebrating a special event.
5	FINALLY Charlotte. Amazing food, beautiful presentation, great service and good wine! Everything we ate was delicious! And, 50x better than Liberty!
5	Fabulous dinner. We had the 3 course Tasting Menu which was wonderful & a culinary bargain at $45.00. Service was excellent & great atmosphere. An incredible addition to the Charlotte Food Scene! Our dinner was so delicious & presented beautifully. Lots of little extras too. We can't wait to go back!
5	3 couples went to an early celebration for our anniversaries tonight. We did not know what to expect except this was a french restaurantI want to say that this is the best restaurant we have eaten in in charlotte. We went to paris last year and celebrated our 20th anniversary at a wonderful restaurant and even though we did not have a nine course meal here , the food was just as goodOur server stacy was very professional and patient with all our request.  Not ever do 6 of us go out and have everyone totally pleased.
4	Since attending the first tasting way back at The Liberty months ago, I have wanted to dine at Lumiere. My daughter and I saw the add for the Tasting menu and thought  what a great way to try this new french boutique restaurant. The interior of the restaurant is modern , with clean lines. Very pleasing to the eye with a view into the kitchen. We were greeted by a very pleasant server named Stacy. She gave us the wine list and menu. There was actually Two Tasting Menu's, a three course one for 45.00 and a five course one for 65.00. We chose the Five course. The wine list is a little pricey-mostly wines over 100.00 a piece. I think they should offer more options for people to try the wonderful French roses' at a better price. We opted for a St Emilion Bordeaux . We started out with a delicious Amuse Bouche of a Mushroom Potato Bisque, just heavenly and served with an extra treat - a cheese Gougere!  On to a Foie Gras Torchon,which was delicious but a little too cold and then into the 2nd course of a Lemon Ricotta Agnolotti in a great sauce of Tomato. capers and olives and fried parsley.  It was  delightful. Then "A" Scallop with a Lobster sauce, could have used more than the one. 4th Course is the Double Cut Lamb Chops-Delicous!Topped off the night with a Coffee Pots de Creme and a French Macaroon. It was a great tasting, the regular menu looked awesome!  The only negatives were the  way expensive wine list and I felt rushed. I don't like to be rushed with a 65.00 menu!
5	There are very good reasons this restaurant receives consistent very high ratings. Every aspect is first-class with the highest standards expected. Our server was polite & professional and every dish had exquisite presentation.If you are a foodie and want to experience haute cuisine in the Queen City - look no further than Lumiere. Skip the other French restaurants if you're looking for the real deal. Lumiere is a top-of-the-line venue for special occasions, romantic outings, or treating clients/out-of-town guests to a delightful dining experience.
5	The wife and I have been wanting to try Lumiere for some time now. They probably have been open for 6 months or so. I don't know why, but I was anticipating a bigger restaurant. In fact, it's quite a compact dining room with a small, glass enclosed kitchen. The wife was facing the kitchen, so I really didn't have a view of the chefs working. Seeing as none of the cocktails caught our eye, we opted for a reasonably priced bottle of wine from their extensive list. A Pouilly Fuisse, if I am not mistaken, which was crisps and refreshing. We both agreed on appetizers, as we were both in the mood for mushroom risotto. The risotto came with soft cooked egg yolk and truffle shavings. Need I say more in regards to decadence. But first, our server brought us out some amuse bouche of lobster bisque and some cheese popovers to share. Seeing as the wife is allergic to lobster, I quickly confiscated her bisque. Our server noticed my not so slight of hand and inquires about any other allergies. He returns almost immediately with a second amuse bouche for the wife containing a small preparation of beets. She enjoyed the beets, I my double lobster bisque. Soon after, our mushroom risottos arrive and they are every bit the decadence we were anticipating. There were some amazing flavors on display and my only knock is that I wanted more mushrooms, but that is a common complaint of mine. You can never have too many shrooms.For mains, the wife got the fish special and I opted for the pork chop. I can't remember the last time that I had such a great piece of pork. The flavor was great and it was cooked perfectly juicy and medium as our server recommended. On to the wife's fish special, which was a white fish and assorted shellfish/mollusks en papillote. The presentation was only surpassed by the flavors from the seafood in a delicate sauce. Her dish also came with a boatload of large trumpet royale mushrooms. She was kind enough to share some of them with me, but the seafood she kept to herself. For dessert, we shared the apple tarte tatin, and it wound up being the perfect amount of sweetness to share at the end of a great meal. The wife and I highly recommend Lumiere for great service and great food whether it's a special occasion or not. It will set you back a few dollars, but it's in the same money league as the other fancier restaurants in town.
5	4.5 Star Rating, Rounded UP to 5.First time here, and we were greeted by Patrick, a native of Lyon, France. I attempted to say a few things in French which he appreciated, and that set the tone for the night.My FIRST impression was that this place is LOUD! Why is that for such a fine dining place? Well it's SMALL...I counted about 50 or so max seats and there is nothing to absorb the sound so it does get quite loud in here. Thus not ideal for a QUIET romantic date in my view.BUT, the REST of the story.....our waiter Brian was really excellent. Very friendly and knowledgable and actually let us try some wines before we purchased them. Not many restaurants let you do that. So we're off to a good start. The Menu is quite limited which to me suggests quality in that they FOCUS on a few things and execute well.....that's my theory anyway. So putting it to the test....We got the Celery Root Soup and Moroccan Dates stuffed with Chevre Salad. My GOD were these ever so GOOD! The soup was sublte with the cream but it packed an awesome flavor! I snarfed that down (as politely as I could in a fine dining restaurant without being thrown out). The Salad was extraordinary! How often do you say that about a SALAD??? Well THIS one was truly exceptional as the freshness of the dates stuffed with Chevre was sublime. We both got seafood dishes as our mains. I got the Mediterranean White Sea Bass Mediterranean White Sea Bass served with olives, basil, braised lentils, chanterelles, spring onions, herb buerre blanc sauce. Our waiter Brian gave me more of the Herb Buerre Blanc sauce which was ridiculously good! The Sea Bass had the skin on which gave it a stronger flavor and the fish tasted different that the typical Chilean Sea Bass that I'm used to. But with the Buerre Blanc sauce it was very good. Our other dish was the Wild Alaskan Halibut with farmers market ratatouille, micro greens, shrimp basil beignet, and a balsamic emulsion sauce. Of the two the Halibut was the better dish, but both were outstanding!We were both stuffed, but I couldn't leave a French Restaurant without trying an Apple Tart. It was very good, but not quite what I expected. Maybe that's my problem.....I just got back from Europe, Normandie to be specific where the Apple Tart reigns supreme, so I was expecting something like that. But this one was unique in it's presentation, as the pastry was intertwined within the round apple "cylinder." I've posted some pics of the entire dinner so you can see what it looked like.Overall, and especially after it quieted down, this was an excellent dinner! High quality food with very professional wait staff. Oh the wine list is Franco-centric, which you'd expect. Decent selections by the glass but be prepared to pay Top Dollar for French bottles. Highly recommended!
5	Excellent service, quality, and pace of the meal. I always forget about the little extras you receive with french dining.  The lobster bisque palate cleanser before the main course changed my life. Too bad we couldn't stay for dessert.   Next time.
5	Awesome restaurant!  Great food, great decor, phenomenal service.  The owner really has a hit on his hands.
5	From the foie gras to the wild boar this restaurant does not disappoint.  Loved the lamb and the pork belly.....excellent service. Love you Todd.
5	One of best restaurants I have attended in Charlotte. Rocky start as they usually do not take reservations over 4, but the staff and food made up for it. We had the tasting menu and was able to enjoy allot of the menu.. Foi Gras special was amazing, the brioche alone was legit. Braised Short Rib and Pheasant dish was unbelievable and tasting some of the other dishes my family ordered sealed the deal. The server didn't up sell me on wines, was knowledgable and tended to our table perfectly. Expectations were high and met, bring your wallet, but understand this is a talented kitchen providing all star food.. Solid Staff, Food, Cocktails, and experience = 5 Stars! Boom!
3	No way 5 star experience. Y'all are nuts.5 star service yes. Everybody super, super nice. I'd go back in a heart beat and give them one more try...Lobster bisque was salty. Nothing jumping out of the bowl fantastic. Just salty. Moroccan date salad needed some restraint. Too much date = too cloying sweet.Wild Mushroom salad good but heavy.  Lot of egg (which was very tasty- could tell these are quality). Lot of bacon, lot of mushroom. I liked the flavors very much but back off a tad, chef .Little goes a long way. Sea Bass an epic fail. Over cooked bleh. Why is it I make better seafood at home? Also- brown fish on a plate of brown lentil and mushrooms = no color. Just brown.Dish needs some zest, some freshness, some color. 1.5 star entree .Step up your game. Charlotte is depending on you....
5	I was with a group of 7 for our first visit to Lumiere and it was wonderful.  We started out with the escargot, octopus, duck confit, mussels, and the oysters and all appetizers were delicious.  Everyone in our group either had the bouillabaise or the boar with truffle mac n cheese and everyone was very please.  They have a great wine selection and our server was very helpful with recomendations.  We will definitely go back!
5	The food and service was out of this world!!! Exceeded my expectations.
4	It would be hard to say how much I wish I could give this restaurant a "5 star" review.  It is just the kind of spot that I truly love, having owned a small restaurant, and knowing the amount of time and effort it takes to "get it right."The decor is very nice, the waiter was excellent, comfortable with the menu and a great server.  Timing was perfect throughout the evening.  The French Onion soup was wonderful, hot, luxuriously thick and tasty.  The bread was excellent.  However, the entree was such a disappointment.  I ordered the duck entree from the menu.  The presentation was lovely.... but the entree was lukewarm at best.  Perhaps I missed it on the menu, but I really don't think it was meant to be served at room temperature.  I was anticipating a crackling hot duck breast to savor.  The flavors of the accompanying sauces were good, but the barely warm temperature just dragged it all down.The other people in our party enjoyed their entrees, which were all very nicely presented.Desserts were also beautiful and tasty.All in all, I would certainly try this lovely spot again, and hope to get back there,
