5	co-owner - you're back???we were lost and hungry... we were looking for a place to eat, but the scent from Le Fumoir Rubs stopped us in our tracks!! * BBQ Spare Ribs - very very good - thick and wholesome - with a sweet smokey flavor....the meat was not quite fall off the bone - which is perfect, b/c every bbq expert likes when you can bite it - and leave teeth marks!!! (and that's without having to struggle to get the meat off the bone....) meats perfectly charred on the outside, pork pick to a tee, and in every bite is the succulent sweetness of the maple wood...*Beef Brisket - marbled - had a great meaty flavor.... the marbling of the meat ensures that the juicy goodness stays juicy!!  the meaty flavor is good - but the rest of the flavor came from the sweet maple smoke.... *The Smoked Veggies, Beans, and Mac'n Cheese - the smoked veggies came out  very flavorful and naturally sweet!!  who'd of thought of smoking mac'n cheese? THEY DID!!! the flavor of smoke didn't over power the simplicity of the cheese, but smoked it well... sadly, i had no room for the smoked beans... according to my friends, it was the icing on the cake!!I'm very fortunate to have come across this place.... we were supposed to have a team dinner, then we stumbled upon Le Fumoir Rubs! we tried to walk away from it twice, but the scent just drew us back... we decided to say that we didn't eat, but did... we knew that we wanted "finger food", BBQ IS FINGER FOOD!! so, they sat down and studied the menu...as they inhaled the smoky goodness... i had a talk with one of the owners, putting him to the test! he told me they smoke everything from meats to veggies... i asked, "with which wood do you smoke  with?" he replied, "MAPLE TREE..." i was stumped... the co-owner, George took me into the kitchen and showed me the hi-tech smoker... my mind was blown! George also had me smell and sample a rib... the goose bumps were aroused!! from that point on, i knew it was going to be a good meal.... George even came by with a complimentary side of smoked dry rub bacon bits... PHENOMENAL!!after we finished (lunch) our finger food, we walked back to the hotel... from the hotel we decided to go to "Au pied de cochon"... we arrived at Au pied de cochon, and they told us that we had a 1.5hr wait... we decided to wait at Le Fumoir Rubs till dinner! as i walked back in with other guests, George said, "YOU'RE BACK!!" with a smile... little did he know, we will be back tomorrow!!
4	Great service, great food, amazing 'Mexican Bulldog'.My friend and I came here on a whim after every other place we wanted to go to was closed. I was sure I would be disappointed since I had my heart set on something totally different. I also thought we'd be walking into one of Montreal's tourist traps that pile large amounts of tasteless food on your plate for a ridiculous price, BUT, I was pleasantly surprised! I wouldn't say every aspect of the meal was perfect, but they definitely know how to smoke and BBQ their meat for a very reasonable price!We shared the jalapeno poppers that were stuffed in cream cheese and wrapped in bacon, they were delicious. Only order them if you can handle spice, because these pack one hell of a punch. For my main dish, I ordered the pork/chicken/brisket sliders - the pulled pork was my favourite of the mini trio. It was juicy, sweet, and full of flavour. The smoked chicken came second. However, the brisket didn't blow me away very much, I found it to be somewhat dry. My side of sweet potato fries was the best of the two side choices you could make, they're fresh and you can totally tell by their taste and how vibrantly rich they look. I would not order the smoked vegetables side ever again, in my experience they were rather tasteless and the corn was absolutely stale. There are various other side choices to choose from that I'll check out next time as I work my way through this rich menu.Make sure you order a 'Mexican Bulldog', they make a stellar margarita, topped off with a bottle of corona. Two great drinks in one! You can't go wrong.
5	Closed!Another great newcomer, we went here to try out the new kid on the block and I am happy to report they are going to be a new must try.  We were three and wanted to sample as much as possible so we ordered large, what we did not know if that every dish is a huge and generous portions, so be sure your hungry.  We sampled the ribs of course both porc and beef, the winner for us was the pork, but we are partial to the pig so it is expected.  Next on the list were the chicken wings, they were good and had a great smokyness we asked for some hot sauce and were given two kinds one in a jar and one homemade, the house sauce was by far the best, yes it's hot (which is good), but was also really tasty (me thinks coriander but I could be wrong) do try it.  I ordered the pulled pork sandwich which was great but I did have to forgo the bread, sometimed you have to pick your battles I went for the protein.  The sides choices were mac and cheese, fried sweet potato, french fries, smoked beans, coleslaw, and grilled veggies, all tasty my faves were the beans, fries, and grilled veggies (corn on the cobb was really good).  As for the cocktails you must try the mexican bomb (Margerita with a corona inside), and the strawberry/lemonade with vodka slush.... The place is nice and spacious and the owners and waitstaff are super friendly, one can tell they care about their clients and food, and want to satisfy, which they do, so kudos to them and let's pass on the love fellow yelpers, fyi, the prices are really reasonable for the quality and uniqueness, this place definately rubbed me the right way
5	This place should have a sign out front that says incredible lunch $13. Was here while on holiday in Montreal, the brisket was awesome and you have the choice of 2 sides, i had smoked beans and sweat potato fries, more food than i could eat. Couple of pints of Creemore beer and you have the makings of a great time. The staff were also great.
4	What is an American doing in Montreal eating American style BBQ? Well I will tell you...every place we wanted to go to was closed, except for Rubs, so finally after talking my princess into coming here we were glad we did.The jalapeno poppers were amazing, wrapped with bacon, stuffed with cream cheese and fried to crispy perfection. Now the next tough part was deciding what to get for food. I ended up with the brisket au jus which came on a roll, was moist, delicious and came with two sides. I ended up with Mac n Cheese (just ok) and the baked beans (Delicious!), and the sides are pretty good size as well.Anyways, you won't leave here hungry thats for sure!
5	Oh my, so delicious!I was wandering around St-Laurent during a street fair and decided to check out Prince Arthur street for any new restaurants and low and behold, this fabulous American BBQ is right around the corner!Extremely pleased with the whole experience. My companion claimed the pork ribs were the best ever had and my smoked chicken was so tender and juicy it was falling off the bones. Side dishes are superb, mac and cheese with a hint of smokiness is nice and creamy, not an overpowering cheese combo (cheddar and gouda). Sweet potato fries were fresh, beautifully orange and "plump". None of that wrinkly, dried or soggy stuff you'll find in some other places. Regular french fries were also amazing.Food is delicious so we'll definitely be back for more and service is something remarkable as well. Our orders were fast to arrive and staff was friendly and welcoming. Everyone was all smiles from the entrance to our exit!Our waitress in particular did a great job explaining the food and even custom picked a cocktail for me.Drinks are the only thing I wish they expanded more on their menu. I saw quite a few people with fun looking cocktails in mason jars or margaritas but there are no mentions of the specials anywhere so you have to ask the staff.Perks for liking them on Facebook - they were offering complimentary bacon bits, seasoned with their dry spiced rub (I personally found too spicy).Prices are reasonable, the atmosphere and decor is quite warm and laid back. Everything has this rustic, wooden, barn feel to it which matches the BBQ concept perfectly.I've seen many restaurants fail in that area other the years but I'm hopeful this one will be a classic- Rubs Steakhouse has all the right ingredients to succeed.
4	We ate here on our last night in Montreal. I'm guessing the owner or manager greeted us at the door and showed us to our seats and seemed like a nice professional guy. The waiter, however, was awesome. Totally entertaining, funny, talkative and just made the whole dinner a great experience.He didn't know there was a free offer for a 12oz beer for checking in on Yelp (this was the first time I ever tried to use one of those) and the manager also had no idea when he went to ask, then the waiter took my phone to the manager, came back and said "well played sir." Then after we showed a little interest in their ghost chili BBQ sauce but decided against it, he brought us a sample for free, just to check out. It wasn't as spicy as I would have thought, although it was spicy enough to make you sweat but it also had an amazing flavor hidden beneath the heat. If you like spicy things and they are still doing it, definitely check it out.For dinner we had the St. Louis ribs which fell right off the bone and had a great mildly spicy and sweet rub on them. They were totally cooked to perfection and made me wish I had more room in my belly. The smoked mac and cheese tasted great, sort of like it was made with a smoked Gouda. The coleslaw was also tasty and I was really glad it was something different than the normally bland "side dish" that I'm used to getting at restaurants. We also had the Jalapeno Poppers, which were made in house, had a unique batter and were deep fried to a dark brown. The cheese inside and the batter on the outside complimented each other well.I'd definitely go back next time I'm in Montreal, I just wish they had a tasters platter or something. It looks like their portions are huge and I wanted to try way more things than we got to try because we just can't eat that much food in one sitting. So if you are reading this Le Fumoir Rubs, please make a tasters platter! Just throw on two of a bunch of different things; wings, jalapeno poppers, both kinds of ribs, etc.Lastly, I would have given 5 stars but our silverware and plates were not completely clean. I worked as a dish washer, maybe 14+ years ago and part of my job was to look at everything coming out of the dishwasher and make absolutely sure that costumers got completely clean plates and silverware free of any soap stains. The quality of food in this restaurant definitely warrants that extra level of quality control when it comes to what their food is presented on and being eaten with.
5	Great location, rustic ambiance and just a great night filled with amazing food! Had the plate of sliders (pulled pork is drool-worthy), jalapeno appetizer (yumm) and their drinks are huge and yummy. The side dishes, smoked veggies and smoked mac an cheese were awesome :) service was great and my family had a great night. As for the dishes..they were spotless so don't see how anyone can complain of them being dirty. A must try resto in montreal
4	Yey finally a decent place to eat on prince arthur.. Get smoked poutine - as its super yummy and cheap.. decent drink selection - 5 beers + cocktails (including decently priced pitchers - about $18)You might not fall in love with this place but you will definitely walk away satisfied without breaking your wallet.. and surely come back for more...
5	I have been here several times and I must admit, it's amazing. I haven't been disappointed with one meal so far and the portions are very generous, I tend to bring food back home and have a nice lunch the next day. And the prices are great, I recommend this restaurant to many of my friends.
4	I visited this place with a friend of mine today. He had noticed the place when he was walking on Prince Arthur one night, and was drawn to the "unbelievable smokey smell" that was wafting from this place, so we decided to check it out, spur of the moment-like.The waitress was very nice, and we sat outdoors since it was a nice day. We Both got pulled pork sandwiches with the mac and cheese side, and I got normal french fries while he got sweet potato fries.Before the food arrived, a different waiter came by and gave us a little dish of "cayenne smoked bacon", little cubes of thick cut smoked bacon. These things were amazing, the smokiness and the spiciness played amazingly together and I wish i had ordered a whole bowl of them!The mac and cheese was great. Not too strong of a cheese flavor or smell, and it was nice and creamy. A nice little side dish.The fries were nice and crisp, seasoned well and skin left on. I like my fries this way, so I enjoyed them. If you're looking for La Belle style drowned in oil fries, this isn't what you'll find. The waitress brought us some homemade sauces, a bbq one and a chipotle one. They're great for dipping your fries in (I even allowed them to mingle and made a super sauce).The sandwich was killer; There was enough sauce in the meat to completely cover the meat without drowning out the tasty pork. The sauce was slightly sweet, but it wasn't overpowering in the least.All in all, was a great meal, and we left stuffed with food still on our plates.
4	The meat is cooked properly, the sides are tasty and the atmosphere is friendly.  I enjoyed eating here and order take out regularly.  My favourite is their beef ribs, coleslaw and baked beans.  There are a few service quirks, hopefully they will become resolved as the restaurant settles in.
5	A non-touristy trap on Prince Arthur! Great!So good I went the next day. First day I was invited by my co-workers for a lunch. I ordered the Sliders to test out the Brisket, pork, and chicken all in one meal. Holy crap the portions were huge. So huge that I went the next day and ordered just the sliders for my girlfriend and I to share, and we were both satisfied. The smokiness is just enough to add a delicious flavour and not overpower the meat. You can taste the difference between meats as the smoke is just right.Sweet potato fries were great. Mac and cheese was creamy (very kraft dinner like) but with smokey flavour. If I were to go back the 3rd time, I will get either the beef ribs or the brisket sandwich. The fattiness of the brisket realy won me over, it was divine. Can't wait to go back! Prince Arthur is back.Btw - the watiers are the nicest people ever. There is always an owner about,happy to greet you as you walk in. They seem very proud of their restaurant and their food.
5	Everything from the location and atmosphere to the service, portions and food itself was incredible!! The 72$ "Texan Platter" is enough for 4 HUGE eaters! Definitely planning on going back multiple times! The ribs are smoked for 18 hours before being prepared to serve in order to insure that the flavour is banging! The restaurant seems as if it was taken right off The Food Network and placed in the centre of the Montreal party scene! Worth it to go with the entire family or for a fun date night. At the end, the chocolate covered bacon way a great surprise! Not something I'd normally try, but it was superb! Nothing but great things to say about this one of a kind restaurant!
4	My colleagues and I had supper tonight here,As we were deciding what to order, our server brought us these to nibble on.  What is it, you ask?  Cayenne smoked bacon.Now onto the food ...Trudy ordered the baby back ribs special with apple coleslaw and fried mac 'n cheese (she said the fried mac 'n cheese was just okay ... she liked the smoked mac 'n cheese better).  Dorothy ordered smoked brisket with fries and fried mac 'n cheese.  Alice ordered smoked brisket with smoked mac 'n cheese and smoked veggies.  Imran ordered smoked shrimp with fries and mac 'n cheese.   And I ordered the baby back ribs special with fries and mac 'n cheese.Everything was good!  There was sooooo much food and none of us finished our meals.But you can't go to a smokehouse and not order ice cream with chocolate dipped bacon to share!  I'd never had chocolate covered bacon before so, as full as I was, had to try a bite.  Though tasty, we all agreed that there was too much chocolate (I can't believe I'm saying that!) and nuts so we couldn't taste the bacon.  For a balance, we also ordered chocolate cake which was good.Our server took good care of us and at one point the manager came over to chat and make sure everything was okay.
5	Drove out of my way back in sept just to try the food out based on a friends recommendation. It was definitely worth the 6hr detour back to the states from toronto.The beef brisket sandwich was deliciousMy favorite were the smoked wingsJalepeno poppers were awesome.
5	In this past year, my choice of eating out has been geared around some healthier alternatives.  Having had my fill of many a documentary from  Forks Over Knives, Fat Sick and Nearly Dead, Vegucated, Food Inc, etc... I did take the plunge and moved to a vegan diet in Oct. of 2011.  I have to say, giving up meat and dairy was not easy, but it did provide a huge benefit.  The end result, I felt great.  Energized in both mind and body, sleeping was restful, and waking up in the morning was a breeze, losing the extra weight was a plus.  I suggest everyone try it at least once.Getting to the point, had I tried Rubs back then, I believe my attempt on the path to better health may have been greatly obstructed.  This place is really that good when it come to true smoked BBQ.  Don't be fooled by the fakes out there attempting to pass off some boiled ribs or meat doused in a lot of commercial BBQ sauces that are bought by the gallon. Give up the notion that a place like Baton Rouge, Montana's, Bar-B-Barn or Houston's actually serves edible food, they simply don't! Ergo it is for years that I have avoided them at all cost, and to this day I would rather go hungry.That being said, my experience with Le Fumoir Rubs only began because some good friends from far out of town were asking to go out for some ribs.  When I heard the foul words "Baton Rouge" come out over my phone as a suggestion, I simply shuddered and asked that he call me back in 5 minutes.  Low and behold, many a yelper helped steer me towards the light or in this case the smoke that is Le Fumoir Rubs, whereas eight of us experienced for the first time a true blue BBQ place in Montreal. Le Fumoir Rubs, made sacrificing  vegan-ism worth it for at least a few hours before I embark back on my path to healthy eating.End result, yes it was a cheat, and a big one at that (there have been a few over the year, Icehouse for one could not be resisted), be it as it may, guilt ridden and all, the food and service here is well worth it.  Temptation won out only because of the quality of this meaty, succulent and smokey fare, but I do believe it helps that no one else (so far in my now limited experience) does BBQ so well in this city. Now pass the humus, and throw me a few felafels, Aux Vivres get me a table ready, I'll be back soon, that is New Years resolution my body aches to uphold.
5	I used to go to Baton Rouge for ribs.  Not anymore.  What Schwartzes is to smoked meat, Le Fumoir is to ribs. The ribs here are so much tastier than they are at the 'chain' places, like Baton Rouge or St. Hubert. But it's not just the ribs, the whole experience is so much better. The prices are fair and it's a really relaxed place. You get the full experience of being in a southern BBQ with a rustic environment. The staff was great, and we were served quickly.  Maybe it was just a lucky day. My new favorite ribs place. Now - and for a long time to come.
4	Heard about this place from a friend at work.  His goal was to try the mega burger which had fried mac N Cheese buns, but unfortunately they had none left.  Our table ordered a variety of burgers, Texas style brisket and fried chicken on Waffles..yumm  Aside from all the tasty mains the sides were pretty good as well, the favourite of the table was the beans, a little spicy and smoky and a perfect side for some good BBQ.  For the chilli heads out there I saw a bloody Caesar with  ghost pepper, or ghost pepper extract, I don't remember which.  either way it's hot enough to blow your lips off.  So far this is the best BBQ spot in laval.  I saw they will be soon opening a location in montreal.
