3	This review is only for the Thanksgiving Turkey Dinner  of last year and the Ham and Turkey Breast from this year.  The sides are identical but in the first, the whole bird is the entree; the other item is pre cooked turkey breast and ham.Overall, I'd give this a grade of 3 stars.  If eating your cooking results in charges of atempted murder, than this is a convenient option that is a hit and miss affair.  After dining on MC for two years straight because of convenience, we decided we won't do this again. Here is my item by item review of this dinner package:1. a. Turkey 3.0 stars - well cooked, but flavor, juiciness, and texture is just OK, just like eating in their restaurant. It's passable but that's it.  We all really miss my mom's slow cooked super juicy turkey and the aroma of it wafting through the house.  1. b. Turkey breast and ham 2.5 stars - Cutting the ham and the turkey breast was super easy.  But from the first taste, it was a low point; one piece was enough of for me of both the ham and turkey, both were sligtly rubbery. And because there were no turkey bones to make broth, my mom couldn't make her awesome turkey noodle soup.2. Veggies 1.5 stars - ok green beans and woody, gag reflexive carrots with a sugary and salty butter sauce that couldn't hide ir improve the flaws in taste.  A brittle but smooshy buttered demi-carrot in butter is like the political pig with lipstick. 3. Mashed potatoes 3.5 stars - texture and flavor slightly better than average and gravy, salty4. Sweet potatoes 4.0 - with streusel topping, had a nice, lightly creamy sweetened taste and texture5. Cornbread 4.0 - smooth yellow cakelike texture and taste though not as sweet, is better with MC's sweet butter spread6. Pumkpin pie 3.5 stars if you like pumpkin pie, theirs is better than most with a thick rich crust and pleasant pumpkin taste.You have to stand in line to pick it up.  Once you get home, it was a relatively painless process to remove the top plastic cover and replace them with plastic wrap like Saran Wrap.  Then you microwave and serve per instructions.Still it was Thanksgiving and we are grateful we're with each other to celebrate our many blessings, including this meal.  Lots of left overs were available, but lots of leftovers were not wanted and we just threw them away.
2	I have to say this place is not like any Marie Callender's I've ever known.  Such is not a good thing.  Back home this was the place to be, it was jamming all day every day.  This particular one in Las Vegas is one of the smallest restaurants I'v ever been in.  The menu is like a shrunken version of a real Marie's and now I know why they don't get very good reviews.  People Marie's can be so much more, you don't know what your missing.  However if you have been to a real Marie's and you happen to be craving something basic from them this might be able to fix your fix.
2	Dining here was a poor experience for me.  Everything at this MC was downsized compared to other branches I have visited in the past, from the tiny dining room, the menu that lacked a few notable dishes I loved, and even the mean size of the pie serving!  They also lacked the fresh and awesome salad bar of other MC locations that I told my husband about to convince him we should go there!  (totally ruining my credibility in restaurant choosing!)Service was also sad - a unfriendly server who didn't take care of us at all.  I wish I could rewind the evening and make a different choice.
4	Food was amazing and our service was good.
3	Take Out on April 3rd, 2011Pros: * Good selection of piesCons: * Price of the piesTips: *  This location is also a restaurant so stop by and eat before you pie! * Daily specials on the chalkboard inside and at the pie counter.  I've been to Marie Callender's in the past, but I don't recall it being nearly $9.00 for a pie.  I stopped by here to pick up pie's for a potluck at work.  To my surprise, the cheapest pie was $9.00 and it was Coconut Cream Pie.  Turns out that the pie was actually very tasty (to my surprise), but the price was outrageous.  Maybe I'm just being cheap, but seriously, I remember pie specials for $4.99 just last year!  Overall, they have some tasty pies.  I recommend you try it if you haven't done so already.
2	Dining around 11:00 a.m., we had the choice of breakfast and lunch menus.  I chose the lunch/dinner route, ordering the combination special that included a featured pasta, ceasar salad, and a slice of pie, all for about $10.99.  Things go off to a bad start when i requested fruit in the place of the salad (the salad is a more expensive item on the menu).  The waitress quickly advised that on specials, the items are already discounted, and there would be no substitution.  Okay, fair enough.  I then identified the pie slice, which was one of the berry pies also featured on the menu.  The waitress explained that the special didn't include all the pies, and that particular slice would add $2.00 to the price.  What? I thought I couldn't get a substitution because my special was already discounted?  They didn't have my second choice for pie.  I eventually settled for what they had, pumpkin.  The wife ordered french toast with the wildberry jam for about $6.49.  She asked for lots of creams with the coffee, and had a few on the saucer when delivered.  Being one of two tables of customers, it took a long time to get the food.  My wife's french toast was so cold that the butter would not melt on it.  My vegetable stuffed ravioli was good (thus, the second star), but it didn't account for the salad and pie I didn't want.  The customer is quite wrong here, dine at your own risk.
5	Forget what you remember about their grocery store pot pies; come here and try a freshly made one, its amazing! I have had a gift card at home for six months and I havent used it. I now have a reason to come back, Sit on the porch, watch traffic and share some good company. Its just like going to grandmothers house!
5	This is my third visit and yet again it's like my first time.
3	This is the first time at this location it's a cute little resturant the foods not bad. It's a bit pricey for food that is just ok the portions are good size and the pies are great but I'd go here just for the pies not to eat anything else.
5	This review is for my pies to go experiences. Dont let the 5 stars fool you! Their restaurant is just so so.When you think of Marie Calendar's the first thing that comes to mind are their great pies. I have yet to hear anybody say that their restaurant food is off the hook so when it comes to their pies, you cant go wrong. With that said, I dont see why they just have nothing but a complete bakery theme. Concentrate on your strengths. Either that or completely revamp your basic restaurant menu. The few times I actually ate regular food here, I dont remember anything out of the ordinary. I remember thinking just get pies here.So for the pies. I usually come here whenever they have it on sale. It used to be 6.99 but this year it has increased to 7.99 when you return old tins from before. Still a good deal if you ask me because the regular price is around 15 depening on which pie you get. I get two pies mainly. Banana Cream and Kahlua. I can go on and tell you about all their other pies but they have so many that you will already be there by the time you get done reading about itThey usually have a boatload of pies ready to go whenever they have these sales because they know people will be mobbin to take advantage it.So for those of you that really wanna know about all the pies they have, go straight to their website: www.mariecallendars.com
4	Love the mahi tacos! And it is always slow so your food is fast, hot and fresh.
4	Good is good, not WOW but good and the service was excellent, gotta come back for some pie =)
2	I came here a week ago and bought a banana cream pie. When I got home and cut up the pie, I discovered that it was a lemon pie disguised as a banana pie!  I came back today to buy a real banana pie and also let the manager know what happened. He did nothing about it. I'm annoyed and done with this place. There are too many good places with great customer service to be putting up with this bull. Had he apologized, I wouldn't be ranting like this. But to tell me they look a lot alike and expect me to accept that? No thanks. See ya, Marie! This replacement I purchased better be the real deal.
2	I came here a week ago and bought a banana cream pie. When I got home and cut up the pie, I discovered that it was a lemon pie disguised as a banana pie!  I came back today to buy a real banana pie and also let the manager know what happened. He did nothing about it. I'm annoyed and done with this place. There are too many good places with great customer service to be putting up with this bull. Had he apologized, I wouldn't be ranting like this. But to tell me they look a lot alike and expect me to accept that? No thanks. See ya, Marie! This replacement I purchased better be the real deal.
3	Let me preface this 3 star review by saying that the service here was quite good.  The food was alright too.  My biggest upset is that this location is too small.  It is small in stature and in options.  I am talking about the lack of an all you can eat soup and salad bar.  I was looking forward to a nice self-made and customized salad and a bowl of French Onion Soup.  I got none of that.  I ended up with Mahi Mahi tacos and rice pilaf.  Tender meaty fish, salsa and fresh sqeezed lime work well together.  No doubt about that.  It was very good but I was disappointed that the salad bar was non-existent.  My dad was too.  But we were there and made the most of the situation.  The whole family left satisfied and with pie in the waiting.  How can you go wrong with Marie Callender's pie?  You really can't.  So for good food and excellent service, bravo.  But for the missing salad bar and a small location that does not feel homey like a good Marie Callender's, I'm sorry but I can't give more stars.
1	My daughter wanted to go there for her birthday. Worst experience in a restaurant. Took forever to get our food. Even though I could see it on the warming shelf ready to come out. Daughters ordered ribs and the silver skin was left on them. Then for desert she ordered a slice of chees cake. It was hot on the edges and frozen in the middle. They tried to nuke it before serving it. The staff was very lack luster. Acted like they didn't want to be there. Will never go back.
1	Horrible food ,over proced, and the place looks like a dump! Yike! Yike! Yike! Never again
2	I went to lunch today with my family and hadn't been to this location in some time. The table had a sticky residue around the perimeter that was really unpleasant. I looked out the window and immediately saw 4 flies on the inside folks. I look down and the window sill was dirty and the white shudders were equally grimy. I ordered an iced tea wondering if I could talk my family into going somewhere else. Nope auntie wanted pie. The iced tea was not brewed. Dissaponting. I ordered the potato soup, meatball sliders and double cream lemon pie. The soup was creamy and delicious as always. Yay! The meatball sliders, were just ok. The onions were caramelized nicely but the meatloaf was sort of grainy. If you have had mre meatloaf, it was like that. You get two, I sent one home. The pie was awesome with the tart lemon filling and lemon cream. The crust was nice and flakey.Take some time, clean your restaurant and go back to brewed iced tea. You do so well with the tired and true recipes, the meatloaf was just meh. I really hate giving you a two star but the cleanliness and the tea just really turned me off.
1	This place is a JOKE !!!! From the pulled pork to the tri tip both NASTY !!! Got apple pie and it was damn near frozen !!! Service was nothing to desire !!
5	Love this place....friendly, comfortable and the customer service is awesome!!  Nice atmosphere to catch up with friends over a cup of coffee. They never make me feel rushed out of there.
3	The place is smaller than we thought it would be. It looks very dated. The service was sooooo slow. It wasn't busy but I only saw one cook or maybe our server was new. He was very nice, but not efficient. The manager did take care of us, she didn't wait for us to complain, she knew that we had been waiting a long time and offered us each a piece if pie for our meal and to go. So that's four slices!! My friend asked for a slice they were out of but they found it, so we got another extra slice. I feel they really went above and beyond for us. We left happy.Our food was good. Not excellent. The portions were nice sized. I got the croissant breakfast sandwich and felt it was a little skimpy on eggs. I had the cheese soup as a starter and it was really delicious. I should have asked for sour cream for it. My friend had the shephard's pie $9.99 deal and she thought it was really good but too much cheese on top. We ended up taking all of our pie slices home. Key Lime pie-zingy, nice lime flavorCream cheese- very plain German chocolate pie- delicious, lots of coconut, nice crustCream cheese lemon-light refreshing flavor, perfect amount of lemonCaramel apple cheesecake- oh em gee. Sooo good. Get it.It is overpriced for the quality of food. I could have gone somewhere much nicer for a meal. If you want pie, this is the place.
3	Wow, I haven't been to a Marie Callender's in over a decade if not more! How are they still in business? I remember seeing their restaurants half empty back in the late 90s. I guess they sell a ton more pies than actual dine-in meals! This location is no exception, especially because it's super tiny - just a single small room. While their pies are pretty reasonable in price ($12-15 full price), their entrees are not so I can see why no one really eats here. For example, soup and salad for $12.99?! WTF! I'd rather just go to Sweet Tomatoes because they too are AYCE with much better selection!I ended up going with a chicken pot pie w/ caesar salad. This was a special for $9.99 that also came with a slice of pie. Score! The food is all probably pre-made because it comes out pretty fast...like a chicken pot pie 10 min after you order it. Does it even bake that fast in the oven? The pot pie and salad tasted fresh though and were pretty tasty. I opted for some key lime and lemon meringue pie for dessert which were really good, just a little too sweet for me since I'm not a big sweets guy. I would come here again for some pie, but maybe skip on the meals. Look out for specials because when they run one, you can get pies for as little as $7.99!
