5	Pizza A Metro in CenPho is branching out! For those of you on the East side, you will pleased to know that they are ramping up their new location in the next few weeks with some invite only soft-launches. If you want to be included, stop by the Thomas location and give them your contact info...  The hard launch is scheduled for October 1, 2008.I sat down with Maurizio today during lunch and got some of the particulars to whet your appetites -- The new location is larger, much larger. They will have a wine room, a bar that will seat approximately 25, and the dining room with seating for 80+.Some of your favorites will appear on their menu, but Amarone will include a lot of new items which are more in line with the larger kitchen and the more upscale flavor of the new site.Amarone will be open from 11:00 to Midnight.For anyone that hasn't had the pleasure of meeting or dining with Maurizio, you are in for a treat. This man LOVES food and experiences obvious pleasure from sharing it with others!East-siders, mark your calenders and get ready for Amarone!
5	Grand opening has been pushed back until likely late November, with doors opening to the public Saturday, November 15th.  Must check this place out when it opens.  I LOVED Pizza A Metro, and hope this place will keep the grandeur and majesty of the food and add alcohol and space, for not too much more money.  We'll see.  Otherwise I'll just keep going to Pizza A Metro.
4	I think grand is a word I'll be using over and over to describe the decor of Amarone.  It looks nothing remotely like Pizza a Metro.  From the gates through which you enter the restaurant, to the enormous round marble bar which has lights shining up through it, to the giant chandeliers, it seems that the recession has not hit this part of Scottsdale.  The grandeur seems out of place in this tired strip mall with its bowling alley and assortment of small businesses.  But once you're inside, you feel like you're in a different world - somewhere between a restaurant in NYC's Little Italy and a swanky hotel bar.  Maurizio and his friendly team were gracious enough to seat us even though we arrived past 10pm on a weeknight (kitchen closes at 10pm).  The fresh out-of-the-oven pita-like bread that Metro is so known for hit our table first with a side of caramelized onions and other aromatics.  We really liked the light coating of olive oil and salt on the warm thin bread.  Then came our order:Stuffed Mushrooms $10 - shrooms stuffed with sausage, ricotta, parmesan in a lemon garlic veal stock reduction:  lots of flavor although the stuffing tasted a bit too much like liver for one of usShrimp Scampi $11- half dozen large butterflied shrimp in a lemon butter white wine sauce:  the shrimp were huge but unfortunately lacked flavor Homemade Gnocchi  $14 - in a tomato sauce with cubes of mozz and basil: the light and airy gnocchi was definitely our faveI found the sauces on my two apps a bit unbalanced and the plating old-fashioned.  It seems that the dishes that Metro are known for are still the stars here.  Given how large the menu is, I really need to come back and try a few of the 16 pastas ($14-$23) and 17 mains ($18-$28) before I can give a real verdict.  Get the word out: Amarone is open for business!
5	WOW.  If any restaurant could be more impressive than Pizza A Metro, this is it!!  From the moment I walked in the door, I was blown away!  The decor is pretty much impeccable.  Let me ask you this.  When was the last time you walked into a just-opened restaurant and saw white linen table-cloths?  We were served water in stemware.  They're obviously going for a very formal vibe here.  The atmosphere is a little loud, despite the incredible little side "rooms" created by sheer curtains.  This helps make up for the apparent lack of booths, but I thought it made our little nook incredibly intimate while adding to the options for larger groups.  The food.  AMAZING, of course.  First comes the bread, pretty much the same as Pizza A Metro, only (if possible) better.  Perfect temperature - very warm, but not too hot.  The vegetable spread stuff was about the same as well - which is to say, delicious.  I ordered the farfalle pasta with smoked chicken ($17), and loved every bite.  The cream sauce, the pasta itself, the asparagus, and finally the hearty flavors of the smoked chicken made this an incredible dish.  YUM.  I ordered a helping of the tiramisu for dessert, and before it arrived, the manager brought complimentary shots of limoncello.  DELICIOUS!!  During dessert, I remarked to my dining companion that this restaurant might be the best thing to ever happen to me.  I was only partially kidding.  WOW that's good food.  Good, attentive service, long wine list (three pages!), great atmosphere, truly amazing slightly Americanized Italian food, SIGN ME UP!  The whole place adds up to an amazing combination.  Before I went here, I was curious whether they still have pizza at this location.  I can confirm that they have "wood oven pizza" on the menu, and would surmise that it's about the same as at Pizza A Metro.  The entrees ranged from around 20 dollars to 28 for a lobster tail, and there were a number of more affordable options on the menu along with the pasta (pizzas were about $16 each, with no sizes listed).  Dessert options were $6 each, and included the 4 options from Pizza A Metro, as well as creme brulee and cheesecake.
5	Seven of us had dinner at Amarone last night to celebrate a birthday. We sat in a private room and the meal was a chef-prepared  presentation of 4 courses. Everything was well presented, the waiter was great, and we ended the meal with an assortment of desserts and homemade limoncello. The pasta dishes were excellent, the flatbread  was delicious, desserts were yummy. It is a beautiful restaurant. The presence of the owner makes everything that much better. We all agreed that we would come back.
3	Amarone has wonderful service and a nice, upscale dining room, but it is quite overpriced for what you get.  The best part of the meal was great flatbread they brought out to start, with a delicious eggplant/onion/caper/etc. mix to go with it.  Once you're actually paying for the food, your expectations probably won't be met.  The caprese should definitely be avoided - for $10, you get the cheap, hard mozzarella usually used in pizzas.  It's the most expensive and worst caprese I've ever had, and I eat A LOT of caprese.  I've never had a restaurant use the cheap, hard mozzarella in caprese, no matter what the price.  For $10, they should give you the good buffalo mozz (or better yet, the soft, creamy mozz) and some hearty beefsteak tomatoes would have been nice.  However, our farfalle pasta with asparagus and smoked chicken in a cream sauce was yummy.  Again, a little pricey at $17 for just noodles, chicken, and asparagus, three fairly cheap ingredients.  I don't mind paying for upscale Italian, but it should be innovative food with high quality ingredients, not neighborhood Italian food that's $2-3 more per dish than everywhere else.  Amarone, here's a tip - ditch the loud singer/guitar player and charge us a little less for your dishes...oh, and you better start using the good mozz, because I've had grocery store caprese better than yours for half the price!
5	Three of us had a fabulous time at Amarone. We started off with a glass of sangiovese, which was nice The bread and eggplant &amp; onion accompaniment were a nice start.  My fellow diners shared the stuffed mushrooms, which they really enjoyed. I shared the fried calamari with them as well and it it was lightly breaded and fresh tasting. I think the sauce was marinara and it went along nicely with the calamari. For entrees I had the polo Lombardo. The chicken was cooked perfectly and it was delicious with the fresh spinach on top. The pasta on the side was great. I'm not normally a huge fan of cream sauces but this was light and full of flavor. M had the chicken rollatini which was excellent as well. It was lightly breaded and had a delicious sauce with mushrooms. D had the breaded  pork chop. I didn't try it but he said it was fabulous.The limoncello served before dessert was a nice palate cleanser. Three of us shared a slice of tirimisu and it was wonderful. Light, moist, and creamy. The coffee was good but a little on the weaker side for me - the other two thought it was great. The ambiance and decor of the restaurant make it a very nice place to have dinner. The service was excellent the entire time we were there. Overall this was a great dinner and we will return.
4	First of all, they have done a fantastic job with the interior decor of this place (formely a noodle shop).  They have a fine selection of wines and the bar area is very sleek, cool, and inviting.  I came here for a hearty dinner and was not disappointed.  We started of with some delicious home made bread (made, I believe, in their onsite wood-fired oven), wonderfully flavorful salad, and a calamari which was lightly battered and melted in your mouth like butter.  For my entree I had a delicious medley of seafood over linguine.  Everything was excellently prepared and impeccably served from beginning to end.  The meal was rounded off with tiramisu and some homemade limoncello.  Bravo Amarone!P.S. Amarone's much smaller sister restaurant (Pizza A Metro in Phoenix) is just as good if you're looking for a more casual pizza bistro dining experience.
5	I am always treated like Family at Pizza A Metro and have been bugged to try Amarone, the owners new location.  My Ny upbringing and foodie inner child always cry when i go here!!!!!!Simply gorgeous! The food is great at both locations. The decor is very pretty at Amarone. ( I liked the funky bathroom) The pizza is just as good as Bianco's but here you are family. Isn't that part of why you eat out for great service? When I eat here I am treated like royalty.Things to try; the Veal Cannoloni, the ravioli, the marinara is one of the best I have had out of NY. I cried-BOOHOOO when they stopped serving it with their flat bread. All the pizza is great too. I have had Tiramasu all over the world and it is the best I have ever had here. I do not believe the other two negative reviewers. The first one making it appear and implying the owner is prejudice. He is from Italy his wife is American. My friend is in a mixed race marriage and has always been treated well here and I have been always been treated as though a guest in his home,even on the first visit! I also think the Caprese salad is great. It is not as good as Bianco's, true, but it is better than the other reviewer made it out to be and I have had hundreds of plates of the stuff all over the USA and Europe. Besides, I do not want to wait three hours for a great Caprese Salad when I have Amarone and Pizza A Metro to go to!!!!!!The only negatives is that I go way to much and I am getting so FAT!!!!! I live in the west valley so I go to the West Valley location like once a week. It is getting out of hand this addiction of mine, but Michael the manager is a dear heart and treats me right, and the food is to die for. Remember when you lived back east and you went to your fav Italian location and got a double cheek kiss from everyone and treated so right??????.Well here ya go. "MEMORIES LIGHT THE CORNERS OF MY MIND!!!!!  AHHHHH not in the past in Phx anymore. Keep up the great work guys!!!!! And to all the readers, please visit both locations. Amarone for a fancier evening out and Pizza A Metro for a casual experience. MANGA AND GRAZII!!!!!!
3	I liked Amarone, but not sure if I'd be back.  The food was good in a homey family style way, but the prices veer toward fine dining.  My favorite part was the complementary flat bread and dip.  The home made pasta were also good.  May be my expectations were set too high given all the positive press that they have been recieiving.
2	2 words - Not impressed!It has been three years on my quest to find great Italian food here in the valley.  Being Italian and from North New Jersey it has been quite a challenge.  So you could imagine the excitement when 2 of my very dear friends have been raving about the Amarone....stating the best Italian restaurant they have found in AZ.  I was extremely disappointed. As I walked in i quickly noticed how beautifully decorated the restaurant was.  We sat at the bar.  The place was packed, so I quickly thought my friends must be right.  This place must be a gem.  Bartender was nice...didn't go out of his way.  The menu was a bit expensive. $3.50 for a coke!!!  That is a bit much!My friend got pizza ($18) and I penne alla vodka ($15).  I had to ask for extra sauce as the pasta was VERY dry.  And to be honest....possibly one of the worst dishes of penne vodka I have had.  No flavor!  And the pizza was ok, BUT for $18 I was expecting fantastic.  2 of the waiters came over to talk with us and I felt them to be a bit creepy.  I think they just came back from a cigarette break, but I thin they were smoking something other then a cigarette.  Not one of my favorite.  What I have learned is that if I want great Italian food....I am just going to have to continue making myself!
5	I thought the place was near perfect.  Our experience was flawless.  The service impeccable.  Things i loved about the place:  Excellent wine selection.  Not your normal everday average wines that most Phoenix/Scottsdale restaurants try to pawn off on us.  Well selected and nicely priced.  We started off with the carpacio... it was beautiful.   Perfectly sliced. It was like butter in our mouths.  Simple, fresh,  high quality meat.  I had the mussles linguine in a white winegarlic sauce.  It was exquisite.    Just enough garlic to give it a spice and nothing overpowered the mussles.  Again... ingredients were fresh and of quality.  The pasta was perfetly cooked.For desert.. the tiramisu.  YUMMMMM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The decor was great.  I felt it was a sincere attempt at fine dining while maintaining its personality.    The big round bar in the middle was elegant.. semi flashy but comforable.  The table where all well placed. There is a beautiful wine cellar with a special table for private dining.And of course, Mauricios genuinie hospitality embraces your table from time to time.  I'm glad to see a restaaurant of this caliber that is not owned by a major corporation  I consider this fine dinning with comfort.
5	we were very pleased. The ambiance was warm, the service was fantastic. Sergio, our waiter was attentive and friendly. The food was fabulous. Would recommend to anyone! Very well done!
4	I went here for my birthday dinner, it was great. The service was good, the food was great, and the decor was neat. It was not like any other place in AZ. I love it because I am from back east. I had the gnocchi and my boyfriend had the farafelle they were both great. Caesar salad was good and the calamari was cooked perfectly. The cheesecake was wonderful. It was like no other I had tasted light an fluffy. The wines were awesome. The manager had us try some before we ordered a bottle. That was very nice. All in all great place.
3	Nothing like Pizza a Metro.  Typical Scottsdale in trying really hard to impress with a look and not being able to deliver. Big bar in the middle seemed like the best place to sit.  Weird table booths outlined the place with tacky curtains.  The food was ok but didn't seem to offer any real interesting or creative touches.  Calamari and pizza were decent but were a little pricey especially for lunch.  Nothing really appealing to draw me back to this place.
5	When you can't be with family, or should I say, when you're stuck with family, I can think of no better place to have had Christmas Eve dinner than Amarone.  With the music and strolling guitarist, it's not the most quiet restaurant, but it's certainly a lot of fun.The decor is a little confusing with the giant bar in the middle, but what a great place if you're dining alone or just a couple!  I don't know who waited on us, but I'm guessing possibly the owner, or manager, based on his demeanor and the fact I could hardly understand half of what he was saying with the heavy accent.  Good sign!I understood enough of the specials to pick up on "scallops, shrimp, and gorgonzola sauce over pasta."  Enough said for me.  Absolutely delicious.  My dining companions had the brazed lamb shank, pork chop milanese, and pollo parmigiana.  There was not much talking once the food came with the exception of comments about how great it was.Dessert?  Had to skip it.  After having Christmas cookies for breakfast and lunch, I was done with the sweets, but I'll be sure to order next time.  I might have considered 4 stars because my scallops were perhaps just a little over cooked, just a little, but when the complimentary shots of Sambuca arrived, all was forgiven!
5	This is the second time I've eaten here. I was here previously with a girlfriend from Chicago and we had a wonderful meal. This time I brought my husband and two out of town friends and we all agree this restaurant has it all-- great ambiance, great food and wonderful service. We skipped appetizers, since they bring out an eggplant and olive dish with focaccio. Our dinners were great-- the halibut, pork chop milanese and chicken parm was lick the plate good... A little bonus sambucco at the end topped off the evening. :) They do pizza here too, my husband can't wait to try the carry out!
4	Delicious! I have been there three times now and can't wait until I can go back again! Start with the calamari, some of the best I think I have ever had.Have had or at least tasted most of the items on the menu. They always have amazing specials. But I love the chicken parm most of all. Or anything with veal. Or the lasagna.....
4	Yum.  Been there numerous times.  The menu is extensive - and pricey- but also very good.  Our favorite is to sit at the beautiful bar, have a bottle of wine and order a pizza.  Right.  It's not on the dinner menu, and I think they try to keep it under the radar for fear of becoming a Pizza joint.  But they will make it to your specifications, and it is delish. Manga.
3	I dined at Amarone's after hearing several people rant and rave about it.  The food is very good.  They serve bread before your meal that tastes like fried onions but awkwardly it's actually tasty.  Their pizza is good but sometimes takes a long time.  I've tried the lasagna and that was pretty good, too.  Out of the five times I've eaten there I'd say 3 of the times  the service was horrible. Back in the day this building was home to a Peter Piper Pizza and it's pretty shocking how they transformed the place.  Check out their bathrooms if you decide to eat here.  They're built to look like a cave and I've never seen anything like it.  I'll probably go here again but not for any special occasion.
4	My coworkers and I decided to try Amarone Ristorante Italiano last Friday for lunch. We weren't sure what to expect since Amarone had taken the place of what was once Nothing But Noodles (yuck). We ventured inside to a completely empty dining room. The room was dimly lit so I was happy when the waiter sat us near a window on the far side of the room. I'm always a bit nervous when you are the only customers in an establishment at lunch time but this seems to be an issue for quite a few Italian restaurants in the Scottsdale area. The dining area was extremely nice - white tablecloths, chandeliers, private booths with white gauze curtains, etc. The wait staff was extremely attentive. They brought us some delicious breads and herb/garlic butter which we promptly inhaled. They even brought us a second serving and we devoured that deliciousness as well. I ordered the gnocchi which was quite satisfying. The marinara sauce was perfect - just a hint of a spicy kick. Fresh pulled mozzarella was blanketed on top of the dish for the perfect finish. What a wonderful way to end a work week :-) My coworkers thoroughly enjoyed their dishes (ravioli and pesto linguine with shrimp). My dish was extremely reasonable for such a quality product at $9.95. From the menu attached on Yelp it appears that they may have recently dropped their prices by a few dollars on each dish. If you have a craving for delicious quality authentic Italian food please try this place and give them a chance to win you over. I had a wonderful experience and will definitely be back again soon!
5	Let me preface this review by saying I have really great friends with really great hook ups.. I had the opportunity to visit Amorone and sit in the private wine room they reserve for friends and family only. Not knowing anything about this place before coming, or even hearing its name, I was a little skept. on the authenticity. Oh my god.Get the mussels & clams to start, seriously, hands down, most delicious shellfish you will find in the desert.. or at least that I have found anyway. The eggplant app is also extremely delicious. I highly recommend both. For my entree I got the pork.. it was goddamn fantastic. perfectly season and cooked accompanied by the most delicious potatoes and spinich I have ever laid upon my taste buds. My friend got the Halibut, which was also, supreme.The staff are incredible. Attentive, informative, nice and just flawless all around. I never once had to ask for a refill, or feel like I wasn't having 100% attention on me and my party the entire time, and who doesn't love tons of attention. The owner is a gem, so cool and just welcoming. I was just overall impressed with Amorone. Great wine, great service, great food, and great ambiance. They may or may not also have a Hummer Service that *might* drive your drunk ass out to old town after dinner if you're as charming as I am.Bon Appetit!
4	We stumbled upon this restaraunt as a recommendation from the local bookstore. What a wonderful surprise! It's romantic, service-oriented and the dishes were delicious! Their anti-pasto is authentic and their sauces are perfect. My husband hasn't found anything this good since New York City.  This was a special treat for us and a location we recommend often. CHECK IT OUT!
4	Very plush inside, over staffed the night we were there, but good to know the owner is providing some hours, rather than sending everyone home on a slow night.  food is good, average to a wee bit high priced.  Good place for a romantic dinner, and there is something very unusual about the bathrooms here...
