3	I gave to agree with alex. It was odd that at a nursery there would be dead and/or dying plants. I'm sure at this point the money is made on the sale of buildings and playground equipment. I came here to check out Chimenea pots and ended up buying one along with a fountain that was missing a motor. I couldn't be happier with the Chimenea. It was priced right and it was nice to get a list of tips along with the purchase of it. After a trip to Home Depot the fountain is running and on my front patio. My wife loves the fountain although I'm not a huge fan. If it makes her happy it makes life easy for me. I would go back to the nursery if I needed a specific item I knew they had or if I need another Chimenea pot. Other than that I will likely go to moon valley nursery which is about 1 mile from my house.
5	After seeing the reviews here, I'm really surprised, so I had to write my own! I went here for the first time a few weeks ago -  and WOW - sooo much variety!! Especially some of the more rare fruit trees... no way you could find those at Home Depot. Plus, they are grown IN Arizona. We purchased 4 plants - watermelon, 2 bell peppers (1 black, 1 blue), and one more (can't remember... possibly cantaloupe). Planted them when we got home that day, and they're doing fantastic. I'd say about 2.5 times the size as when we got them!! Admittedly, I was a bit worried because they looked almost half dead... maybe that's hence the other reviews, but they truly are doing great. They also have the most awesome playhouses, sheds, barns, even doggie houses (so freaking cute), and lots of garden accessories, like statues and fountains. The thing I loved MOST about this place was how much I learned just talking to one of the guys there! I asked a question about my dying lemon tree, and he gave me TONS of advice!! Extremely knowledgeable and honest... I can't wait to go back. And I WILL go back... I've got my eye on one or two of their fruit trees :D
1	I hired them to do landscaping for my yard, and while they were nice enough, their service was lacking, to the point that my citrus trees and overall plant health is not in good shape.  I got a lot of excuses from them and was never really impressed with their service.
