5	Great Pizza. Very crowded around lunch hour. But the Pizzas are wroth it. Best Pizza joint in the East Valley for sure.
4	Whoa, i don't know about best pizza in Valley, but pretty good.stands for New York Pizza Department, and it's order in line, pay, find a seat and go back to the counter to pick up your order type place.the y also had salads, and a small bar area. good price for what you get.
4	Cooked in a real stone oven. Tastes better than the tpical "New York" style pizza in the area.They also have pastas, salads, soups, wings. Oh -- and how could I forget -- Garlic Knots! They're yummy enough to break my South Beach Diet for.It is a chain, but this is an especially nice location; We've had real good service here so far (knock on wood).
4	Until this last Friday my NYPD Pizza experience was limited to what had been delivered to our office for sales meetings, which was good.  Having an NYPD pie fresh from the oven......heaven!!!  We ordered the house special with pepperoni, sausage and fresh basil.  The worst part was having to stop because we were full.  I only give it four stars due to OK service.   There seemed to be plenty of staff available, and yet the staff walked right past us without a word as we were waiting to be greeted and ultimately seated.   Once seated our server took good care of us!  Did  I mention that the pizza was really good?
5	The white tomato, Sicilian and plain cheese are some of the best pizza I've ever had.  The white tomato is by far my favorite, but I've never had a bad slice from this place.  Great for take out and even better for grabbing a slice at lunch.
5	I love love LOVE their pizzaI love thin crust pizzaNYPD does awesome thin crust pizzaLove it.Their lunch special gets you a small salad, a slice of pizza and a drink for $5It's the perfect meal.I usually only get their cheese and mushroom pizza, its simple and perfection.  Their hot wings are pretty damn tasty too
5	You haven't had pizza until you've had NYPD. Mmm. The perfect crispy-on-the-outside, chewy-on-the-inside crust, neat and tasty pizzas, and a good selection of greasy spoon Italian fare.The only item I'd really avoid is the eggplant parmesan; it tends to comes out overcooked and dripping grease.Shame they killed off the shrimp pizza (shrimp, white sauce, cheese), but that's life. The Mott Street Meat Lover still gets my vote with those big delicious meatball slices on it. Mmmm. Not that any of the pizzas are bad, really, just that the Mott Street is so good.If you've got a large group,  take out's your best option--the dining area's a little on the cramped side and won't accommodate groups larger than around 8 people very well. The dining room is also almost always busy, so the wait for enough tables to open up for a large group may be a long one.
4	NYPD... You can't beat them! Always great pizza & garlic knots, always a great price. My favorite is the Brooklyn pizza (Pepperoni & sausage), with a slice of white pizza (Spinach & white cheeses), yum! Service is quick, even during a busy lunch, indoor & outdoor seating, and good cheesecake too :)
5	My FAVORITE pizza place.  I am not a big fan of pizza yet I could eat here daily.  I prefer the white pizza with tomatoe slices but I will eat any vegetarian variety, including just cheese.  The eggplant sandwich is to die for and enough for two meals if you aren't a big eater.  I have to save room for the Ba Da Bing Chocolate cake.  The best cake I have ever had in my entire life.
4	this was across my workplace when i was in az. me and my co workers always ending up going to this place at least once a week because you just can't go wrong. my favorite is the jalapeno pizza which i always partner up with a side salad and an ice tea. finding a table can sometimes be a pain during lunchtime, but hey who can't blame them. this place is just that good. don't forget to get garlic knots on the side too if you feel like splurging on the calories, haha.
4	Haven't eaten here in a long time, but as I recall it, one of the very few places where I've eaten great spinach calzones.  Big, cheesy, crispy, and flaky dough- I HATE doughy calzones.  Good pizzas, too.  And the chocolate cake!
4	NYPD makes a good pizza.  The place can be crowded some days, quiet the next.  The primary reason I enjoy their pizza is that they seem to do a great job with vegetables on pizza.   Their sandwiches aren't bad, but the pizza is the reason to visit.
3	another pie place that I would be happy to meet you at.Good service and the trick is to ask that you get thin crust  pizza.  I always go extra sauce light cheese and get toppings.  Not the best but I think it is quite damm good.hmmm...  getting hungry.
4	This is great pizza!  Went for a friend's birthday, and although the service was kinda weird as we tried to get a table.  Once we sat down, the server was very nice.  The Brooklyn Family pizza was so delicious!  And, garlic knots are to die for.  Now I'm hungry again!
4	Nothing wrong here, great NY style pizza even friends from NY say it is just like NY style pizza, service is ok, but pizza makes up for it.
5	I have never had anything but the very best food and service at NYPD Pizza. They have the most delicious pizza and calzones for a good price, slices and small calzones for lunch, and salads that are just amazing.It is a small place, but that only increses the feeling that you're being taken care of by friends. I really do applaude the folks behind this little chain and hope that they will never sacrifice the high quality of their food.If you like great pizza, I mean really great pizza, then you MUST give NYPD Pizza a try. You will be impressed I am sure.
2	It's decent... its better than streets of ny....but if you want "true" new york pizza  hit up rays pizza ,  if you in chandler go to la famiglia on alma school and dobson.  They have authentic family style Italian food and pizza.
5	Not the absolute best Italian food, but pretty darn good. My favorites are garlic cheese knots, pizza, and pasta dishes! The Hero's are not so good though. All the dishes are huge -- definitely big enough to share! Great take out food!
4	Friday night, ordered for pick up. Food is always amazing. But the serivce seems to be getting BETTER. The bartender offered me a drink while I waited for my order to be picked up. They gave me EXTRA ranch, where most places charge you, and just overall friendly and professional. Garlic knots are my favorite. I ate them the next day for lunch AND dinner! Mmmmph! Pizza is terrific and the menu includes a lot of other dishes I am eager to try!
5	As I eat my way through the menu, my opinion of NYPD has not changed.The sandwiches are good. The calzones are also tasty (but heavy on the ricotta, which I know some people don't like). Baked ziti is still as delicious as ever. And they make a mean caesar dressing. Yum!NYPD has also added and expanded delivery since my last review. There's a fairly large minimum order for it to be free, but if you're lazy then you probably don't care.
3	mediocre
4	Stopped in for lunch today and was surprised to get a great lunch for $8! Since I had never had lunch there (I have ordered take out pizzas for dinner and I knew I liked the pizza!) I am sure I had a perplexed look on my face when the manager asked if I wanted the lunch special. He very patiently and kindly explained how it worked: Order a slice and add either a salad, garlic knots or wings. I chose the mushroom and pepperoni (they will add what you want on a cheese pizza if you don't see what you like on display) So,,,great salad, slice and a fountain drink for $8!! A much better deal than any sub or chicken place that is for sure!
4	Let's get this out there now:  I'm a huuuge fan of NYPD Pizza.  I love the Chandler location, the Avondale location... it's all the same!Anyways, this place is great.  Their pizzas are always delicious, fresh, and hot from the oven!  The crust is crispy when you first bite into it and chewy in the middle and their sauce has some good flavor.  The toppings are always generously piled on and the cheese-drag is almost sinful.  Love it.  The garlic knots are truly the best.  The atmosphere is super cute.  It's just an overall great place to dine with some friends or your significant other.
2	I had heard good things about NYPD, the reviews are high and I was in the neighborhood.  In the neighborhood is a whole mess of chain restaurants, for some reason I thought NYPD would be different than the rest of Chandler.  Nope.Sorry, but I can't give this place anywhere near the other 5 star reviews presented below.  I don't want to talk you out of going there, they will feed you, no problem.  The thing is, it ain't all that great.  Maybe they had a good thing going at the beginning but this place is just as plastic as the others.  Everything is satisfactory here, but I really feel they're striving for the mediocre.  The food is good, generic American-Italian.  Pizzas are big and crusty, middle of the road thickness.  The subs are far too bready and the ingredients could be better.Service was very nice.  I figure this place would be good for lunch, which is super cheap.  Where-o-where in Chandler can a man get some flavor that wasn't shipped in from a lab...
2	Two words: soggy pizza.  Service is the only reason I am giving two stars instead of one.
2	I had heard good things about the restaurant.  Some items are good, but the pizzas are extremely greasy.  Service is very polite and punctual, but it feels as though the service isn't even required because of the Chandler restaurant's layout.  I was not impressed with this pizza, but have not tried other offerings.
3	I really  like NYPD food and service. Don't sit on the patio though, they forget about you out there. I was disgusted and left from the lack of service out there. I did eventually come back because I like their food.
4	I'm a fan of NYPD coz i think they have really good pizzas. I have a NY bias and altho there's very few places that are able to come up with a true NY style pizza, NYPD is close enough. There are four pizzas that I order at NYPD and they are: Pizza Blanca, Da Works, Joey's Favorite and Cheese. I love their Pizza Blanca which is made with Olive oil, crushed garlic, ricotta, mozzarella with your choice of spinach or Roma tomatoes. *yum* I've always liked it with spinach but I have to admit it's exceptional with the tomatoes!! Da Works is their version of supreme, and their Cheese reminds me of pizza by the slice at any pizza place in Queens but not as good as the cheese at this pizza joint my family frequents in Whitestone, NY. Their strengths are their pizzas. AVOID the calamari, it's yuck and if you've never had calamari this should not be the place to try it... it's GROSS! Their lasagna is not half bad, and their wings are good. Overall, this is one of my go to places if I'm craving pizza or buying takeout. It's true NYPD it's your pizza I trust!
4	Can't speak to the whole menu, but the items I have tried rock.The white pizza (blanca) is my favorite and we always get the garlic knots.  I've also had the Joeys Pizza (veggie) .  I didn't see it on the menu last time, but if you ask you can get  a 1/2 order of the knots (6).They have a few decent draught beers and they are always cold.BTW, I disagree with the soggy crust complaint someone else posted, at least on the two listed above that I regularly get.
4	My daughter and I had a mom/daughter day last week.  She had a dr. appointment and it would have been silly for me to drive all over trying to get back to work so I took the day off.  We went to the mall and she spent gift certificates for Build-A-Bear workshop that we had since we moved over a year ago!  She was so excited.  By the time we were done, we were hungry and she said she wanted pizza.  Well, it was Wednesday and kids eat free at NYPD Pizza on Wednesday.  So off we went.  I have been to the Camelback location several times and it was always good.  We now live in Chandler and this is the closest location. We were greeted and shown to our table and my daughter got some crayons and a plate to draw on while we waited for our food.  Everything here is fresh and I have no complaints.  The service is good and always with a smile.  I think the pizza is top notch and the pastas are great too.  The pasta portions are generous and I always have some to take home.  Great for lunch the next day!  I love the sayings on the back of the t-shirts too....Unique like a Brooklyn Accent is my favorite.  I think Tony Soprano would be proud.
3	Average pizza if it were in NY, I have no clue why the Sicilian takes soooo LONG to make. The salad pizza is very good however. I hate Pepsi and everyone knows Coke and pizza go together so that is another strike.I would eat there again but Casanova Brothers in Mesa blows NYPD away!!!
4	I was invited back to NYPD by some higher up I suppose...I was happier this time than with my last couple of experiences there.I was told they were changing things around (managers etc.)I ordered the Sicilian pizza with no toppings and it was delicious and this time in about 20 minutes :)......All in all this place is good for families and large parties as well as a couple with no kids.I wish they would get rid of Pepsi (I HATE IT), I will be back, was impressed with the service this time!!Thanks for the invite and the food was better!
1	Great food but terrible take out service. It's weird when a place has perfect pizza but terrible service. I ordered a large pie for takeout. 30 minutes later I'm there to pick it up and it's not ready. No problem, I can hang out, and the employee said it would be three minutes. Ten minutes later I'm just standing there, looking bored while literally five employees are just standing around, complaining that one table has someone who can't eat onions or garlic. I finally go up and ask someone to check on my pizza. The man I asked looked like I asked him if he could deliver a baby underwater. Just totally perplexed. Then he went and checked, and sure enough it was sitting in the back. He gives me my pizza and I ask if it's sliced, and he gives me a look and says "yah, it's sliced." I get in the car and check, and sure enough- it's either not sliced- or the biggest slice of pizza in the world. I go back in again and find an employee and ask to have it sliced.  Again, this request was met with utter confusion andFinally they found someone who could use a pizza slicer. I'm not sure if this is the training store, or they just have crap staff, but I would avoid this location. NYPD execs would be wise to send in some mystery shoppers, I think they'd learn a lot.
2	The thin crust pizza is good, and if that's all you need, then this is a good place to go.  If you have a few other things that are important, then you should drive on to the next spot.  Stuff like:Service:  i've tried this place several times, and each time, i feel like i'm interrupting their work.Price:  i was stunned silent.  i paid them what they asked for, although i can't imagine making that mistake again.No, wait---- I found something good to say--- they have an excellent location.
4	Not bad for a chain Italian restaurant. They make a decent white pie with spinach. If you're ordering takeout be prepared for a longer wait time than they tell you. If you look around online for coupons you can get a pretty good deal for lunch after doing some heavy mall shopping.
4	Was here last night with the family.  Usually we get a big pizza, but we were all eating different and I got a couple slices and yumm..  When you order a slice, pizza places will usually have slice pies made ready to go and when you show up they throw it in the oven again.  I LOVE that extra crispness you get from the slices.My girlfriend got their Eggplant Parmesan, but if you want to mix it up and have it really good; instead of your usual marinara sauce, have them mix it up with some Alfredo sauce.  The taste is insane.Service was great as always.  I love it when the people interact and actually talk to you as a friend rather than just a customer.
3	Decent pizza, the sauce is kinda sweat which isn't my favorite but the toppings are fresh. The bad part about this place is the service.  I ordered a pizza on a Monday night and had to wait an hour and a half for it, and that was to pick it up. It's also a little pricey if you don't have any coupons.
4	This is one of the pizza places we order from on our pizza night rotations. They have the thin crust NY style pizza (hence the name). I haven't had a pizza combination here I didn't enjoy. My favorites are the philly steak and the meatball. Slices are huge, I'm usually good with one, two if I'm starving. Toppings are disperse evenly and the leftovers are good cold or reheated in the oven.They also have tasty wings and garlic knots. Most of the time they offer you a cup for a complimentary drink at the fountain when you order take out.
4	Crispy thin crust, and fresh flavorful ingredients.  Very highly recommended if you want a good quality pizza.
5	We were in town for a couple of nights and we ordered take out on our 2nd night (I wish we would of came the first night too).  I'm not a pizza person, so I opted for the Soho Pizza Salad that was sooo delicious - thanks to the gal that told me how to eat it!  =)   My boys had the Mott Street Meat Lover's Pizza and they said it was all good.When we came in to pick up, the restaurant seemed to be family orientated and friendly.  I would definitely come again!
3	Update: Added a star for the nice followup email we received from them.---------------------------------The food was great, once we got it. With a 3 & 5 y/o's with us, my wife and I waited well over 40 minutes to get our complete (simple) order. The server was apologetic but not until 25 or so minutes in when the bread finally came out. It wasn't his fault. We dined in and sat there with another table as to-go order after to-go order came out. We got a free slice of cheesecake for our time. Probably not typical but we won't be going back if that's how diners are prioritized.
4	Yay! NYPD is some pretty good stuff. I've been going to NYPD since I was a kid, but the one in scottsdale. So now that I live on the East side, I go to this NYPD. I had a coupon for a free ten inch pizza (thanks to FB and my trivia knowledge) and went to redeem it a couple days ago, and the pizza was good, as always. We just got a pepperoni pizza, and it was good. I have had many different combinations of toppings and they are always flavorful and fresh. Like getting pepperoni, ricotta, and basil... so good... but soo bad. Their pizza sauce is really flavorful and their crust is usually just firm enough, but not crispy. Also, they have amazing spinach artichoke dip, and now that they let you get a half order.... it's actually affordable to get (which may be a bad thing, health wise). The dip comes with pizza crust bread with cheese on top... so good, the whole order is like a meal for two. Last time we went in, however, the pizza crust bread was a little less cooked than I like, usually it is stable, so you can pick up the dip with the bread and not need a spoon, but the other day, it was kind of floppy... so that was sad, but normally it's fine.Overall, this is a solid place to get pizza. I feel like there are better pizza places in the valley, but this place is really good and generally more convenient.
5	If you love great  pizza and you believe good dough and sauce are the foundation  to great pizza..then look no further! I have been hunting for a pizza joint since I moved here three years ago..many have fallen so short and left me bitter, until I found Nypd. They use fresh ingredients and it shows in the flavor of the pizza. I like the thin crust, and I love the variety of table spices that you can add to your pizza..be warned the pizzas do take time to cook, so if your a bit hungry order an appetizer along with your order. This pizza is worth the wait and is phenomenal, I love the crust and order a 16 or a 14 inch pie which is plenty for the next day.
4	My new favorite pizza place.  Very good.  Also tried the wings and I thought they were good.  Will definitely keep going back.
4	Like my other review, I STILL love the garlic knots. This time trying the calzone.
3	NYPD used to be my favorite pizza in the Valley; however, based on my last couple of visits to the Chandler Blvd location it seems that the quality is not what it used to be. The dough has not tasted fresh and there is a general lack of flavor from what it used to be. I normally get the Brooklyn with pepperoni and sliced italian sausage. I don't know whether they've changed their meat vendors or cheese but it's just not as good. The pizza was also very floppy/not cooked enough. I'm not sure I will go back, at least to this location. I hope this is not indicative of what's going on at all the NYPDs in the Valley.
4	The garlic knots are to die for.....i could eat a huge bowl for them for my meal.  I really, really, really hate that they have a wait staff so you have to tip. I think it would be more family friendly if you ordered at the counter, took a seat, and waited for your food to be ready to either pick up at the counter or have someone just bring it to the table like other pizza joints.
4	I was so craving some New York style pizza with the thin crust and huge slices!!  This place has just that...We went in evening and it was candle lite and nice ambiance music.  We got a Vinnys special and could pick 5 toppings...ricotta cheese, meatballs, smoked mozzarella, green peppers and mushrooms....Delish!And the bruschetta as an app was very good also!my sister works here so, go ask for the Texan that works there ad be nice and tip well...lol
2	This is not pizza! I have had better pizza out of the freezer! The crust is hard and flavorless. There is no chewiness to it whatsoever. The cheese is flavorless and the sauce is something else. I have nothing good to say about this place. It's just a pizza place and for some reason people seem to like it? But if your a true pizza lover, this is soo not the place for you. There is much much better out there. Find it!
4	See that guy down below, that's going to rate this place one or two stars solely based on the fact that it's a chain restaurant? Same guy that's going to tell you that he is an authority on what true New York Pizza should be, and that this ain't it? Yeah, well...that's me. I'm that guy, only...my first visit here, doesn't give me the fuel I need to tear this place apart. It was good. Really good. What can I say? Sometimes you just have to say, get over yourself and sometimes even chains, come through. I've never been to any of the others, your mileage may vary. (particularly if your also that guy..ehem *cough*lying to yourself* cough) Half order of Zucchini Sticks ($3.99) perfectly breaded, crunchy, not greasy, served with ranch and marinara.14" Brooklyn Family Pizza (Thin Crust Of course) ($16.09) delicious, thin, crisp, just enough give to make it slightly chewy, but firm enough and thin enough to fold in half. Pepperoni, Sausage & Basil if i remember correctly. The Misses said she preferred her sausage in crumbles not sliced like pepperoni, but this is a personal preference. I was good with it.Tiramisu ($5.99) certainly not the best we've ever had, but more importantly, considering the locale...definitely not the worst.Pint of Santan Hefeweizen ($4.75) Seriously, If we don't support our local brews and vino, who will? Santan in Chandler makes good brew, and you got to give props to NYPD for showing the love.Total for Pizza Love for Two: $31.72 I know, I know...its not Dominos pricing, but keep in mind we had an app, dessert, and a pint. Keep it in perspective.I've seen some complaints about service here, not from me...but then we came at a slow period of the day. Our server Jessica was a bundle of smiles and prompt and courteous. Bottom line. Believe the hype. Don't be that guy. It's good.
4	I'm not big in most chains, but NYPD is good for a local restaurant. I'm a regular here. While some of the food could be improved, Brittany and Lauren provide some of the best service I have ever had. Less than $3 for a decent slice of pizza is not a bad deal.
5	Every-time we have gone there the food was great! Place was clean and they have  a small seating area they use as a bar, so you can get you slice and a good cold brew.  What more do you need "for get about it"     A+ service
1	I was asked to never set foot on the premises again. of thIs subpar Italian restaurant today. I walked out of a ticket on Sunday because they could not figure out how to make a calzone into a flatbread. To sum up their "General Manager," "We've had some major problems lately. Either we can't make what you want or you do not like it. My managerial staff is getting uncomfortable. We think it's best of we part ways." I'm ok with this because as a REAL chef, I know good food. There was never any flavor to the simplest of things. Greasy pizza, managers who were always on their cell phone on the floor and frozen desserts are just some of the things you will find here. I was a regular for three years and kept going back because they did have some excellent servers. There are other pizza places that know how to make real pizza. Hell, my students make better food than NYPD!!!
4	The pizza..Now I've had way better pizza at other places BUT if you are looking for pasta or a sandwich this is the place. They also have great appeitizers and deserts. I just wouldn't recommened the pizza.
3	Edit: The people in charge at NYPD really take care of their customers. The person in charge of NYPD saw that we had a bad experience and contacted me to make it right. I really appreciate this in an establishment, and though this experience still happened, I know this isn't the kind of thing that happens here often. I really like the food at NYPD. I always have, as indicated by my previous review...but my visit there tonight was truly horrific...as far as the service went. The BF and I went there to have a quick -ish dinner before he had to go take a test. We got there at 5 and needed to leave at 6....that should be enough time for us to eat.....we generally spend about 40 minutes in a restaurant, aside from fine dining. When we got there, there were 2 other tables seated...that's it. We came in to get their special which was a half appetizer, a 3 topping 10 inch pizza, and a dessert for 18$, which I saw online earlier today. I asked the waitress about the special and she said she was unsure what the details were, but that she would check on it and get back to us. She came back and told us that the deal was a half app, two 10 inch one topping pizzas, and a dessert for 18$. I then said 'It is?...well ok....' and we ordered that. We then proceeded to wait for 30 minutes for our app, while hearing the manager yell at our waitress about how she messed up the special. Now, I didn't want her to be yelled at, but it wasn't our fault that she made the mistake. I somewhat felt like the manager thought we were trying to get things for free from them, but we really weren't, we would have been content sharing the 10 inch pizza. Anyway, after our app came out (which was good) we waited another 20 min or so until we had to ask for our pizza to just be boxed up along with our dessert because we were 'in a rush.' The waitress said she was sorry she didn't know we were in a rush.....but we hadn't said anything because we WEREN'T in a rush to begin with.....we became in a rush after spending an hour waiting for service and a pizza...meanwhile people came in and ordered food to go and left without us receiving anything. I found this to be unacceptable as the restaurant was fairly empty. So we get our food (in boxes....couldn't even eat at the restaurant) and we got our bill and it was for 25$. I do not know how our bill became 25$ when it was supposed to be 18$ for the deal....but we did not have enough time to argue over it so we just paid it. That was the last straw that made me fairly upset with my experience and really turned me off of (at least) this location of NYPD. As I said, the food was good....but the service was so bad that it didn't made up for it. It caused us to have a stressful and unpleasant experience.....
4	I has been a while since we've been to NYPD pizza.  We had been running into a soggy crusty, low taste, and quality issues on a repetitive basis, that we really needed to give it time to figure pizza out.So we had a craving, and we decided to hit NYPD Pizza once again.  We started with some Fried Calamari, which was as good as usual--standard, not excellent, not horrible.The pizza was excellent.  Perfect cook on the crust (not soggy, not burnt), sauce was very tasty, and excellent cheese:sauce ratio.  It was really good, and the best pizza we had had in Arizona in quite some time.Thank God!  We had been running into so much bad pizza in Arizona, we were giving up hope.  Hopefully, NYPD will keep up this formula.  We waited 20 minutes for this excellent pizza.  Service was good, bill was as expected.  So bravo NYPD!  We'll be coming back.
3	a little slow with getting your pizza but it's awesome once you get it!
4	I love pizza, all kinds from all kinds of places-read my reviews (if they haven't all been filtered) and pizza is my thing.Been to this location and one in Gilbert. Dunno if it really IS the water they allegedly ship in from the Big Apple, but their crust is pretty close to how I remember back east pizza being. The appetizers aren't that great, but the pizza is very good. Took longer than it should have, for some reason I couldn't identify from the front-they weren't busy and our pizza wasn't complicated, but the wait was worth it.Wish there was a location closer to my home, I could pop in here more often.
4	Kids eat free on Wed and now also Sundays with specific adult purchase! The white pizzas are fantastic!! mmmmmm. The kids get slices (as a kids meal) and the cheese ones are good, too. The seasonal salads have been wonderful--current one I think is called Strawberry Fields? it has nice greens, almond slices, strawberries, apples, cheese, and 2 different dressings. Got the calzone last night--not recommended. The large (I ordered a small and she made a mistake) was HUGE---large enough for about 5 or 6 people, unless everyone has a huge appetite for a lotta carbs. The dough was uncooked on the inside, and the broccoli and chicken were cold :(.  I guess that process needs some work.At this particular location, there's always a gal that greets us and keeps calling us "guys" in every sentence. It's just a little weird, but the rest of the staff is great.  Again with this place, like at China King, never sure why there doesn't seem to be many people eating in. They do deliver, so maybe lots of ppl have delivery?They do have patio seating with misters, but right now, kinda hot to eat outside. Probably lovely in the cooler weather.Kids meals come with a small sundae, so that makes them happy.  The fountain drinks are Pepsi. The diet pepsi tastes bad, and the diet dr pepper doesn't taste much better. They do, however, have filtered water. Your choice of filtered NYC water (tastes great!) or filtered Chandler water.BTW this location is in the same plaza where Outback, Nordstrom Rack, Famous Footwear, SAS, etc are, so the parking is a little cramped. Not much NYPD can do about that, but it's annoying.
5	My favorite pizza place i've ever eaten at!  Love the NY pizza, fast & friendly service, and the price is right too.  The secret is in the water.  NYPD Pizza is highly recommended.  This location is conveniently located just 1/2 a mile east of the Loop 101 on Chandler Blvd. =)
5	Great spot stopped in by myself for a quick early dinner was nice to see the had pizza by the slice all day (most places stop after lunch) got a couple slices one sausage one meatball service was fast pizza was great nice and crispy good amount of sauce and cheese and the toppings covered the slice. I will definitely be back again
1	I stopped going to this location a few years ago after waiting 45 minutes in an empty dining room for a pizza.  I recently went bac after hearing there was new management. In my opinion things are worse.  There is a manager with reddish hair and a real red face (as if he was high on something) yelling at the servers very loudly .. and very unprofessionally.  Then the server came over to my table and he had a huge bump on his cheek.  Very unnerving. I ordered their Italian Beef Hero and a Pepsi.  Once again I waited too long for my sandwich.  When it came, it looked like they put  2 shaved slices of beef on the sandwich, this was not a "hero" roll, yet it costs nearly $9.00 with tax.. After I paid for my meal and was leaving, a very tall and big man wearing a NYPD pizza tee shirt walked by me smelling like a cross between cigarettes and marijuana. I don't think I'll be going back there again.  Forget the quality of the food, the employees are scary enough.
1	We had not dined here in awhile. We had bought 2 Groupons that we had to use for lunch. Upon entering the restaurant we asked the hostess right off for a family of 4 can we use the 2 Groupons if we establish 2 different checks? We were assured that that would not be a problem. We sat down and our waiter was more than friendly and attentive. We told him of the 2 Groupons and we were having 2 checks. We had ordered the "Upstate Style 12 Wings" , "Cheese Ravioli with Marinara", small "Joey's Favorite" pizza and a medium size "Brooklyn Family" pizza, as I glanced up I saw the signage for Monday special "buy 1 pizza get the 2nd 50% off. We asked the waiter if that works with our order and were assured it would. So we did that with both pizzas, knowing we were going to box the 2nd pizzas and take home. We were asked if we wanted the meal to come all at once and we said "yes". The restaurant was not overly crowded but we still waited 40 minutes for our food to arrive. Our waiter was apologetic but still 40 minutes? When our food finally came the taste of the ravioli were good but the sauce was watery, weak, and there were more garlic knots than raviolies, the wings were good, and the pizzas were average, not as I had originally remembered.Now here is the kicker, finally get the checks and lay down the Groupons and credit card for each bill, the waiter took it and again we waited forever (needless to say the restaurant was empty by this time). The manager comes over and says we can only use 1 per table. We explained that the hostess approved this or we would of sat at separate tables. Again we waited forever while she adjusted the bill. We get the new bills and they did not take off the 2nd. 50% off pizza. Again the manager said we could not get the 50% off 2nd pizza deal. Wasn't that the responsibility of the waiter to tell us while we were placing the order, knowing that we were using Groupons. This Manager just left us with such a bad taste in our mouths after 2hrs that I will never go there again.
4	I am giving an update on our 1 star review on our experience at NYPD on 1/22/2013. After posting our review on Yelp, we received an immediate response from Richard S. from NYPD, acknowledging our concerns of that afternoon. We were asked to give a contact number where we could be reached. My husband received a phone call the very next day from a very apologetic: Nichole, listening, understanding and agreeing with our issues during that visit. She was gracious enough to reimburse us the full amount and have personal apology note sent from the Managers. I have to say that NYPD Corporate handled our complaints to the best that they could and with that, we will give them another try. Thank you, NYPD Pizza
4	You want pizza? They've got pizza. I always order the Sicilian pizza from this place - it is the best traditional pizza in Arizona - hands down.
5	First time customer because had a free 10" pizza voucher from Chicken Deal, otherwise probably would never have known about the place.  Besides the pizza, we ordered the hell's hotwings and a calzone.  Everything was excellent.  To top off an excellent meal we had the sweetest server, Jackee.  Will definitely be back soon!
1	This place amazes me. As do the positive reviews posted here. I can't help but wonder about the positive reviews. Even allowing for differences in taste I can't imagine so many people speaking positively about this restaurant. It's worth noting that personnel from the restaurant are clearly monitoring this website. At the time of this review there is at least one reviewer mentioning that they were contacted by the management after leaving a one star review of this restaurant. They then changed their review to four stars.We first went to this restaurant quite a few years ago. At that time it wasn't anything special but it was at least possible to go in to the restaurant and get decent pizza sometimes. One of the draws to this restaurant for us was that they make a Sicilian pizza. Again, it was nothing great, but there are very few choices when it comes to Sicilian pizza in AZ. The service in the restaurant has always been a problem. It's almost like they screen to find the worst help they can find. Our experience has been that most of the help seems very young and they look and act like they would much rather be doing something else somewhere else.Based on our experience the restaurant has really gone down hill since we first went there. We eventually got to the point where we just got Sicilian pizza and garlic knots and just got take out. Even then the length of time between visits became longer and longer as our experiences got worse and worse. My fiance insists on going back there every once in a while because it is so hard to get Sicilian pizza anywhere else. We also had hopes that after a while things might get better if there were personnel or management changes. Alas, that has not been the case.Even with limited visits we have encountered a strange problem when getting takeout Sicilian pizza. They rarely seem to cook the pizza enough. It nearly always seems to be undercooked underneath, on top, or both. I got into the habit of making specific requests asking them to cook the pizza more but it just falls on deaf ears. Tonight we ordered a Sicilian pizza and garlic knotts. BOTH were undercooked and three of us with greatly different tastes and standards when it comes to food were all in agreement on how this food was undercooked and doughy. Why is it so hard to cook the food sufficiently?My fiance called and lodged yet another complaint. I told her she was wasting her time and that we needed to just stay away from this restaurant permanently. I believe the manager is going to send her a gift certificate but since we have no intention of ever returning there this will not be of much use. The only reason I give this restaurant one star is because they won't allow you to give less.
4	We went here for dinner last night. The cheesy garlic knots and the pizza were good. The service was friendly, but slow. Would definitely come back.
1	Just ordered delivery last night. I ordered a medium three topping pizza and a large calzone, which was $36. Way over priced! Then I opened the pizza box, only to see that the pizza was mostly globs of over bearing cheese. All cheese and hardly any toppings is a no go in my book. I just moved back to Chandler and I will never go back to this pizza joint.
4	Monday and Tuesday have great specials!
3	Really good pizza with a touch of New York decor.  Lively place (was completely packed for Friday lunch).  This is definitely not your typical take-out pizza, and I'd certainly call it a step above many similar businesses.  Great for a quick meal or business lunch.The only negative thing I have to say is that they over-charged for what I ordered and then forgot part of my meal.  They were, however, apologetic and corrected their error as soon as I pointed it out.If you're taking a group of people, probably best to keep it around 6 max as they don't have tons of large tables.
1	Food was great but service was terrible!  Especially for as slow as the restaurant was on a Sunday evening. We had Lyndsey as a hostess and server and she didn't even end helping us. We had to ask to place our order, ask for silverware, ask for drink refills, send our order back with someone else because it was wrong and our waitress was no where to be found when we needed something. I spoke with manager and she did take some money off our bill but still the experience was not nice for a family dinner. I have a Groupon to go back again but I will definitely be calling to make sure this person isn't there before we go.
3	New to the area and have ordered from them twice. The pizza is good, but overpriced, in my opinion. Everyone raves about the garlic knots...they were good, not great, just good.
1	I didn't even want to give one star. I don't know what happened to Nypd. I placed my order and they had to call me back to tell me they don't make a certain item anymore. I read it right off there website, they need to update their menu. Nypd use to be my favorite place to get pizza, not anymore. To make matters worse they charged me extra for getting a similar dish and didn't tell me, intern the delivery boy didn't get a big enough tip since I was paying with all the cash I had on me. I felt so bad! Nypd need to clean up their act!
4	I love NYPD! I've been to multiple locations and the food is always consistently good.  It's the best ranch on the planet, I could seriously eat a vat of it! I enjoy both the pizza and calzones, I look forward to trying the wings again now that they have new flavors. You also have to order the Garlic Knots, they are delicious both with or without cheese!
5	I've been trying all the gluten free pizza in the area and this one is by far the best. Crispy crust, excellent toppings and tremendous flavor. Being from Chicago, it is hard to admit that this ny style pizzeria is phenomenal! Keep it up!
5	Finally - awesome pizza in Chandler! What took me so long to try ths place?Excellent white pizza for husband and yummy ham, olive, artichoke pizza for me - not swimming in sauce like other pizza places AND the sauce is really good!Lasagna and Vodka Penne also really good.AND they deliver-yeah!
4	This place is sooooo good!  And the customer service and delivery is great!  Win-win.  I had been to the location at the airport and was telling my husband about it, so we decided to order some for delivery and went back for a carry out order a week later.  The garlic knots are a must for us, they are awesome - make sure to ask for extra sauce if you are a marinara fan like we are.  As far as pizzas, the white pizza and bbq chicken are amazing!  We are going to try the buffalo chicken pizza next time around.  I highly recommend this place.  Also, if you check your mailers, you will find coupons for them pretty frequently - we had a $5 off $25 that we used this last time.  So if you are on the fence, use a coupon.  You will be glad you tried them!
5	I have been here several times. It is clearly way above other pizza places. If you want cheap pizza then you get little Caesars, if you want quality you go here. This place is for a foodie not a run of the mill consumer. Start with a Chelsea chopped salad, cheese garlic knots and thank me later. If you feel like a champ get a calzone. The ricotta is out of this road. The Sicilian is fantastic but only to be braved if you are planning to be in a food coma later. Don't get a standard pizza, that is not why you come here.  If you can even get to dessert I recommend some cookie with ice cream. Who cares if it's cold outside? Always eat at the bar, stay by liquor, the tv, and quicker service. The bartender to see is Melissa, she makes sure the order is right every time.
1	We were regulars. Then...new owners take over and slowly started changing recipes and using sub-par ingredients. There is so much competition in the area. Won't go back ever again.
3	Eat here very regularly. But the water is horrible, which makes the tea and soda bad too! Not good at all.
4	The pizza was great! I have to say I was also surprised how fast the delivery boy made it to my door! Thanks for the speedy service Morgan!
4	If it weren't for the excellent pizza, this review would be 1-star.The pizza is great - ingredients are fresh and top quality for sure.I had my pizza delivered, which was the challenge because I had to call several times  before anyone would answer the phone. Then once they did, I was disconnected - or hung up on. I don't know, maybe someone was having a bad day.
4	Cesar salad, wings very yummy. Pizza could have cooked just a little longer. Staff friendly and helpful. we love coming here when we are in town.
3	The 3 star definition of Yelp is perfect for this place. A-OK. That's it.Decent pizza, good greek salad, fair prices.Nothing memorable but nothing to leave with a bad memory.The amount of food is good for the price.The space is pretty comfortable, it has a flare that makes it fell cozy. If you're out of ideas/options in the neighborhood, it's a good call.Cheers.
5	I love this place. They are always accommodating of weird requests and treat my 4 yr old daughter great!  This is my favorite pizza in Chandler!The interior has NYC themed subway markings, street signs, and even apartment windows. Sure, it's a little cliche, but its nice that its a casual place with great food.  This place is family friendly and their servers always make my 4 yr old daughter feel welcome.  They have always accommodated our weird requests.  She loves pepperoni and we regularly request a side dish of the stuff.  They send out a ton for us and it makes her so happy!NYPD has NYC style pizza that is large, soft, and reasonably thin.  It's best eaten by folding in half, of course.  This is easily my favorite style, even through I enjoy brick oven thin crust and Chicago style.  I will say that most times I simply order a slice or 2 of cheese pizza and venture off to pizza heaven.  The sauce and cheese are great and the quality speaks for itself with the first bite.  That being said, I've tried almost all the specialty pizzas here and really enjoy all of them.  The Pesto, The Big Kahuna, and Margherita are all favorites with my family.I clearly pay extra to go here vs. other pizza joints, but I happily part with my hard earned money for a slice of NYPD pizza and a cold beer.  Speaking of which, they have a great selection on tap and in bottle.  I've always been able to find something I like and they even have some AZ local beers to try.Value - 4/5Service - 5/5Atmosphere - 4/5Food - 5/5Beer - 5/5
5	I recently visited for the first time and had a great experience. Everyone was very friendly. My server, Jeremy, was very nice, helpful, and really attentive. I ordered the buffalo chicken pizza and it was delicious. I would recommend this restaurant to friends and family and I plan to visit again soon!
4	I usually get the pizza at the Central/McDowell area when at work and this is the only one close to my home.Went on the weekend with the family, it was not that busy it was pretty nice atmosphere inside.  Seated pretty quickly, the service to get our drinks at first was a little slow but afterwards the waitress was attentive. The menu is pretty pricey, one large pizza sets you back to 20 bucks. We got the garlic knots, the large pepperoni and sausage pizza with side of harvest salad.  It was so good. Loved the sliced sausage on my pizza, never had that style before. The salad was great. I would recommend going and giving it a try. I wish they opened one in the Mesa area.
1	Any available slice is only what you will get. So if it's not what you like well too bad. I have never had somewhere tell me that they won't make what I want. I didn't even get to tell them how much pizza I wanted. I asked how big the dimensions were on the pizza I liked and they said nearly about the amount I was going to order. Why would you say no to a customer in the middle of lunch hour when your restaurant is busy. Poor management is what this sounds like to me. That place is nothing out of the ordinary. Just a floppy greasy pizza just like you get in NYC. I'm sorry but you just can't have a thriving business when you're refusing to make a pizza that is clearly in demand. A lot of the people who work here have sour attitudes and that's a killer when you bring repeat business to their restaurant. I'll tell you all I wanted was a Sicilian pizza which is a pan pizza but them being idiots is going to have them losing my business and my coworkers business as well.
5	This is my new favorite place. Hubby and I came in for dinner. Our waiter was great...recommended an alcoholic cider to drink...when I said I usually didn't like those he offered a sample. YUM!! We ordered the fried zucchini...best I've had. I love the fact that the outside is so crunchy but the inside is not soggy and gross like a lot of places. We had the white pizza and the margarita pizza cooked crispy. Again, couldn't have asked for better food!! Will be back!!
2	We go here frequently for lunch. We love the buffalo caesar salad. The service is really going downhill at lunch. We filled our own drinks a few times at our last visit. 2 out of 3 of our orders were wrong. Our waiter was training a new waitress -- might want to rethink allowing him to train bc he made many mistakes serving us. Wrong order, No drink refills, and reminded him 2 times about our bank of america discount and he still forgot. Guess its time for a new weekly lunch spot.
3	Very friendly people.  Had to wait for awhile for our to go pizza. They let us have a drink of soda or tea.  That was nice.  I ended up going shopping in the little area there.Got the pizza and salad home and honestly I was under whelmed but the pizza and salad.  It was kinda limpy but it had a nice flavor.  Next day I had a slice of cold pizza and it was soggy.  My son liked it and it was bought for him really.
3	Wife and I had a Groupon for this place so decided why not :). Once inside all we really wanted to do was order to go. There were slices of pizza in a window that you could order but we wanted to order a whole pizza to go. When we asked they told us we needed to be seated in order to order a whole pizza...I was like seriously?!So we sat down even though we did not want to and ordered a half and half pizza. One side margarheta and one side hawaiian. It was thin and cooked well. The taste was good. I prefer a crispier bottom crust than the one they gave us.Overall, the pizza was good but the service was odd...
5	Came in to NYPD Pizza a few days back. despite having a prior bad customer service experience, my husband and I decided to give it another chance. We have never had issues with the food, it has always been up to par, but because of our mistreatment we decided not to come back. To my surprise we had a great dinner and excellent service. Our waitress, Cindy (or maybe Sydney), was very attentive and had a great demeanor. After our meal we told her of our previous bad experience and she took the time to not only listen but also apologize, and she seemed like she genuinely cared about what we had to say. She more than made up for our bad experience. We will definitely be coming back again! Not to mention the food was delicious!!
3	I've always liked their food, but the 3 star rating tonight is mainly based on the 2 star service. Decided to go 3 star and split. We typically to the pizza salad combo. I love thin crust pizza, and the pizza tonight had perfect crust. That being said, our server, Jeremy seemed to be having an "off" night. When we sat down, it took a while to even get a greeting. We noticed that another table had pizza come out, but they didn't have plates or silverware. After we were greeted and ordered, it w as a while before our drinks came out. We figured that the salad would be out quickly, but apparently not. We waited a while for the salad, and was happy to see it come out. We then realized that we didn't have silverware or napkins either. We sat for 10 minutes trying to get eye contact with our server, so we finally just snagged them off an empty table. From the greeting down, it just seemed to get worse, but thankfully the food was good. Our dining experience tonight is probably best summed up by saying that service tonight is the kind that motivates take-out or delivery.
5	Garlic Cheese Knots and Fresh Mozzarella were amazing! And the Calzone is MASSIVE!!!  I will be back!!!
5	The place has it all, good appetizers, great draft beer selection, nice atmosphere, and tons of wonderful food choices.  The wife and I eat here weekly and haven't had a bad dish yet.  Sit at the bar and say hello to Melissa for me, she is fantastic.  You won't be disappointed.
5	Excellent excellent Pizza. Very nice bar with great selection of craft beers and good wine. Nice comfortable place. Nice employees, well trained and knowledgeable.  Family owned. Moderate pricing. By far the best Pizza in this part of valley.
1	We visited the restaurant on my birthday. We were terribly disappointed. We ordered pizza and pasta and an appetizer. The food was alright not the same standards as years ago. The service of the staff was horrendous! We had to get our own drinks, look for our own napkins and they were demeaning. My 7 year old had the kids meal which included an ice cream scoop. They just came and said they ran out of dessert. No apologies, I will not return. They are sending me email to nominate them to have the best pizza? There are many more places out there with better pizza.
1	Terrible service at night Aug 16. Usually the service is great.  But thanks Jersey Shore dude for ignoring us and not checking on how the piZza Was. It was raw.  And thanks for cooking it more and not bothering to making a fresh one.  And thanks for not checking if it was better the second time.  And the manager who we flagged down to fix it.  Thanks for not chomping the meal. You served raw dough pizza.In his defense he at least got the order right.  And this place usually has great service and very good food. But thats pathetic serving raw pizza. Get it together. I wish I refuse to pay and wish I stiffed the server. Enjoy your one star review. And guess what I won't be back.
5	Decided to try NYPD on a Groupon.  The pizza was mouth watering GOOD ! Extremely thin crust is available.  We loved the Pesto Chicken and White pizza equally. The service, however, is what really impressed us.  The server was very friendly, attentive and checked back often.  The Manager came by twice and chatted us up. He let us know about all the nightly specials they run.  He also invited us back with a special free app offer. We were quite impressed with all the personal attention we received. We will definitely return.
4	Decided to give them another try. Food was tasty as always. This time, the service was much improved. =) On this trip, the manager did come by and check on us.I did want to add that I was in contact with the district manager after our last visit with horrible service. He thanked me for the feedback, and said he would send us out a discount. To date, no discount received.
5	Let me just say I love NYPD pizza!!! The big ziti was to die for the cheese the sauce the noodles he couldn't go wrong, my boyfriends out visiting from Florida so it was his first experience and he totally loved it also, it's almost like getting a little bit of the Big Apple in AZ! And when in doubt you can always have a personal pizza they come me to order and fresh as can be!!
5	My family and I recently came in here for a rather enjoyable evening moment of togetherness and food disperse. The food was over exceptional quality and was presented in a timely manner. In particular, our gracious server JOSH was well adept at performing his given duties and then some. His bright and caring attitude made for a comfortable exchange...perhaps a closer eye on this one. HUH management?
4	I miss this place.  When I used to live in Arizona, my girlfriend and I would eat here really often whenever we were craving wings & their delicious garlic knots!We usually always ordered their Hell's Kitchen Wings & side of Garlic Knots.  Their wings were always on point! The sauce... mm spicy and full of flavor.. dipping it in ranch to cool down the spiciness a bit.. yum.And their garlic knots!! Such perfection.  So warm and garlic-y.. I am a huge garlic & bread lover so this was always such a pleasure eating.  Sometimes I would eat too much and get really full off of it.. refraining me from enjoying the other stuff we ordered.I once ordered the Buffalo Caesar Salad but it was nothing special.  Just caesar salad topped with pieces of buffalo chicken.  It didn't really go too well together in my opinion because the buffalo chicken was drenched in its own sauce while being on topped of a bed of salad.. drenched in caesar dressing.  It was really a clash of sauces and too much of it too.Service is always good, price is decent and the restaurant itself has tons of seating and is very clean!  Anyways, if you come here, stick with their wings & garlic knots! You won't be disappointed :)
5	So there's a new DOLLAR TREE coming to the Cheddars Shopping Center on Chandler Blvd @ the 101. I noticed the sign and pulled into the parking lot last night, only to see the COMING SOON sign in the window. It was dinner time, and NYPD is located in the shame shopping center, so we decide to order take-out. We visit the state of New York often, and love the pizza. With a few extra dollars in my hand, (since the dollar tree isn't open) - the hubby and I decide to dine at NYPD. The atmosphere was charming, warm and intimate, but my BIGGEST KUDOS would be the staff. There were only 6 people working that evening, (besides the cooks) and I promise you, we must have met everyone. NEW CUSTOMERS MEAN ALOT! I really don't know how else to put it. We were greeted with a smile upon entering the door by SHELBY. She tells us how the joint operates, hands us a menu and ushers us to the bar, to sit & read the menu. Once at the bar, reading the menu, we are approached by the General Manager, MIKE -- he just wanted to make sure we have been helped and are indeed ordering take out, because there was plenty of room available in dining. I stood and went to the register to order our pizza and ERIC, was all cued up with the darling'est smile and most awesome customer service regarding  NYPD's  home made pizza crust, their toppings, and his knowledge of my Time Square, (he mentioned having family on the East Coast). The bartender JEREMY came over while we were ordering and started talking about drinks. We followed him back to the bar and end up sipping FOURSQUARE: Peach and Pumpkin Pie beer. The pepperoni, black olive, fresh garlic pizza was beautiful in delivery, and absolutely tasty to the pallet. It's the closet you're going to can get to pizza in Times Square from Chandler, AZ. FRESH INGREDIENTS TASTE BETTER! NYPD is all about fresh ingredients. When customer service is as fresh as the food you're being served -- you've got a WIN-WIN SITUATION and a opportunity to make a great dining memory in the process. The hubby and I WON on all fronts. Thanks Dollar Tree -- for leading me to NYPD PIZZA! I will be back.
5	Excellent customer service and environment.   The servers are really polite and easy to talk to and are really diligent.   Our server,  Jeff,  was really polite in offering us a free pizza for a very minor slip-up and was on-top of every bit of request we had.   His service was quick and precise as well as polite!   On top of that,  the pizza here was fantastic.   The cheese was nice and creamy,  the crust was also nice and crunchy with a great doughy center.  Would definitely eat here next time I pass by Arizona!
4	Is it ridiculous to pay $35 for a medium pizza & dozen wings?! Not if its the Brooklyn Family (med feeds 4 easy btw) & Hells Kitchen wings!   Hands down, best delivery pizza in town.  if it only cost me $25, I'd have given it all five stars. ;)
5	I have eaten here the past 3 nights in a row! My friend and I visited this location on Friday as they have a vegan pizza. I ordered that and a small house salad with their house dressing. The salad was extremely fresh and their house dressing was a mixture of balsamic vinegar with olive oil and herbs...it's really good. The vegan pizza is a traditional pizza with Daiya vegan cheese instead of dairy cheese. Typically it has a reputation for being a little bland. NYPD did a decent job of making sure the pizza was flavorful. The location delivers and offers online ordering. The delivery fee is $3.00 and they deliver as far north as baseline
5	One of the best pizza joints in the country. NYC pizza is fantastic but this AZ restaurant challenges it! It is consistently delicious, which can be hard to come by! Check it out!
3	NYPD makes a decent pie and is a perfect place to go for a quick lunch.A colleague and I came here last week and had a nice time,  Cheese slices are $2.25 and Sausage and Pepperoni (photos) were $2.90.  So $5.57 for a quick lunch seems very good to me.Don't get me wrong, this is not gourmet pizza or a wood fired pie by any stretch, but it was good, fast and cheap.  Fired Pies over on Ray couldn't fit our time window, but NYPD did the trick.
2	I would usually give NYPD 4-5 stars as I come here often for pizza, but last night was tough.  The waitress warned us there would be a wait for the food as they were short-handed.  She took our drink order and we put in our food order right away knowing there would be a wait. They were out of the garlic knots. We ordered mozzarella sticks which never came. Drinks took 10 minutes to come to the table. We ordered a large and a small pie, 45 minutes later two small pies came to our table.  I ordered a salad and then asked for some dressing, which never came. We had to ask the counter for a cup of dressing.   Not much service checking throughout the meal, we got our own drink refills.  The waitress tried to make it up to use giving us a couple slices of cheesecake.  I know this was an off night and they were doing the best they could.  I will still come back, but this was a long, frustrating experience.
5	We always enjoy going here.  The pizza is yummy and the service is great too!  On our last trip, we accidentally forgot to take our credit card back with us after paying.  We didn't realize it until the next day.  We called them and the manager was so nice.  He told us that they had our credit card locked in their safe.  Phew!  When we stopped by to pick it up, he wanted to know if we enjoyed our meal the night before.  He was genuinely interested to hear our feedback.  It showed us that they really care about their customers.  We will definitely keep going back.
1	I emailed nypd, with no response from them. I expect much more from them as I usually recEive good customer service.  Oh well....
