4	LOVE this place! Go there and talk to Mechelle - she is the owner and is such a sweetheart. The store is very nice and well-kept and easy to shop. Of course the items are pricey being that it is in the South Park area, but I found their clothes to be sophisticated with an edge - almost punk rock but glamorous. They've got great belts here, very different looking pieces of jewelry and when you walk through the door they will ask you if you would like a beverage, which shocked me a bit. Great shopping experience!
5	Fabulous clothes, accessories, and equally fabulous employees! Since I discovered Our Place a couple of years ago, I have gotten more compliments on my clothes and jewelry and scarves than I'd gotten in the ten previous years! Mechelle, Patti, and Linda are geniuses at helping you find the PERFECT things for you, regardless of your age or occupation. Their clothes are the real deal... stylish, a bit edgy, colorful if you want color, not if not.---and fun! I am truly in love with this boutique and the lovely women who work there. My wardrobe and I have a new lease on life, thanks to them!
4	Shame shame shame on my for waiting so long to head into Our Place. This boutique is all sorts of ah-mazing! First of all, the store is lovely and laid out in a beautiful but casual way. You'll find clothes of all kinds - casual James Perse tops to silk Heartloom blouses to chunky knit Chan Luu sweaters to stunning HOSS Intropia cocktail dresses...it's a treat all the way around. Edgy, modern and stylish. Plus, the selection of jewelry, belts, bags and accessories is nicely chosen and complements their gorgeous clothes. So, yes, you can certainly (easily) spend a pretty penny in Our Place, but the quality of offerings and fantastic customer service make it all worth it. The ladies who work here are so helpful, honest and tuned in with style. Whether it's helping you choose a cocktail dress for a wedding or styling a scarf/blouse combo, these ladies know how to work it. Even if you just peruse the mannequins, you'll leave inspired.
