1	Can't belive how rude the employees are here! I work down the street and have stopped in once before and today gave them another chance and will not be going back, EVER!The employees are ridicoulsly rude, they don't greet you, they hand out the food with out even looking at you and for sure won't thank you for your business. How much longer is the disctric/region manager going to let this go on?
1	The food was average Wendy's fare, the service was ok. The thing that got to me was the ladies bathroom.    There was hair in the sinks. Both sinks. Not a stray hair. A bunch of hair. Like someone who was balding had brushed their hair while leaning over the sinks. I actually gagged. The hand dryer wasn't working either.    You can tell a lot about an establishment by the state their bathrooms are in.
4	This Wendys just happen to be remodeled and my girlfriend and I decided to stop in and take a look at the new design of the store. the remodel has changed how you order and pick up now you order at one area and pick up another the dining room area has been completely remodeled with new tables new atmosphere and even a small ones area oh and boot there is wifi.
1	Wendy's use to be my favorite Burger joint when they use to make them when you ordered... The patty use to be twice the size as what they have now, maybe not twice but much bigger then now... This was the second time I have been to this particular restaurant both times through the drive through and both time's I had a burger that a dog wouldn't eat... The on I had today was dry and looked like it was made the day before... I usually check the food before I leave the parking lot  this time my wife picked the food up and when she got it home and I check it this is what I got a dried out pieace of garbage I took one bite then spit it back in the bag and put it in the garbage, there goes 4 bucks... I will never again eat at this Wendy's... So if you go through the drive through I suggest you check your food before you leave...
1	Wendy's has the worst food of almost any fast food restaurant.Their fries used to be good, but not so much anymore.Their burgers are overly salty, their breakfast is terrible.The Frosty is the only edible thing there.Yuck.
4	After the remodel, this location looks excellent! Great look, good service, and really good food (as far as fast food goes).
1	We went here for lunch today and was surprised to find a chicken bone in our crispy chicken sandwich! The worst part is that we mentioned it to an employee to let manager know and no one ever came out to talk to us about what happened. Disappointing to see lack of service and scary to know what could have happened if it was a child that could have choked on the bone since it was so big! We will never go back here after the lack of attention to the matter!
5	One of the nicest Wendy's I've ever been to. I can't believe they have a fireplace inside here. It seems classier than fast food. They're drive through window is plenty big too. Food is good. Some things a little pricier than I thought but they're value menu is still great.
