2	This is located in the Golden Nugget Casino.  The actually have two locations here:South Tower 6 am - midnightFremont Experience side: 24hrs.The only thing I like is the 24hrs at the Fremont location.What I hate (and I rarely use this word): THEY DON'T ACCEPT GIFT CARDS!!!!!!WTF??????I guess it's franchised and not only does the casino take your money at the games, but they take your money here as well.  My only other option to use my numerous GCs (I got quite a few this year from students), is to walk to the 4th street location...wherever the hell that is.I would have given them only 1 star, but the coffee is consistent.
4	Open 24 hours and almost right next door to the Golden Gate hotel where I was staying, I was at this location like 3 times a day and nightservice was really good and consistent, plus they have yummy treats that Starbucks doesn't have as its a licence concept store (meaning its part of the casino not Starbucks owned) this also means that don't take the gold card but you can walk just a couple blocks over Monday- Friday there is a full Starbucks by the court house in the same building as Bank of America (300 S 4th St Las Vegas, NV 89101) cross street is Bridger just 2 blocks south of the Golden Gate Hotel
2	What is great about this Starbucks just inside the Golden Nugget Casino on Fremont Street is...What is really good about this Starbucks just inside the Golden Nugget Casino on Fremont Street is...What is OK about this Starbucks just inside the Golden Nugget Casino on Fremont Street is...What sucks about this Starbucks just inside the Golden Nugget Casino on Fremont Street is...it is expensive like airport Starbucks only even more so.  Like two tall (SMALL) drinks for about $8 bucks.  The service was not great and the place is grungier than your typical Starbucks.
3	This is a pretty small location, although that is to be expected since it is inside the Golden Nugget. There is an outdoor patio so you can enjoy your coffee while people watching on Fremont Street. The line can get long, but the staff is really nice and work fast. I got my coffee really fast despite how busy it was.The  reason I had to take off a few stars is that they do not take the Starbucks card and do not give Starbucks rewards members any of the benefits. This was the only Starbucks I went to in Las Vegas that did that and the others I had gone to were in casinos as well. I can understand not wanting to be part of Starbucks rewards, but I don't see how hard it would be to take Starbucks cards since they already accept credit and debit cards. I could have gotten coffee somewhere else, but I made the effort to go here just because it was a Starbucks so I was disappointed that I couldn't pay with my Starbucks card.
3	If you were looking for 24 Starbucks you found it....  Just be prepared for casino pricing.  $2 does not a drip coffee buy
4	While walking along the Fremont Street Experience on my earlier jaunts to view the famed Fremont Street Experience Light Show years ago, I got thirsty for a nice, hot coffee. It was a cold October day. Lo and behold, this Starbucks Coffee Shop situated inside the Golden Nugget Casino Hotel in Downtown "Old Vegas" was the answer to my beverage thirst.Oh, goodness:I recommend this not only for that great coffee Starbucks is known for but for the spectacular spectacle for any scenery-watching and sightseer like me is this location's relaxed seating on its outside patio.Seatings and tables surrounded by a wrought iron fixture surround which wraps this patio right on the Fremont Street Experience pavement. I sat and watched the light show drinking my coffee and a pastry treat! Several visits followed thereafter, when friends and family is in the city to relish the spectacle of the Light Show and this place presents a seated outdoors "theatre experience". The staff service is attentive and prompt. A cozy little coffee shop with seatings inside the shop, too. Besides the coffee, I like their cheesecake, chocolate eclairs and fruit tarts all at a price between $2.95-3.95... a little on the above-average pricing. What, not tech-y?My most recent visit was this month to meet my Mom, I have found out that one thing that this Starbucks is not up-to-date for is the absence of "Free Wi-Fi" unlike other locations in the U.S. Note this:There are two locations of Starbucks in Golden Nugget. The other is in The South Tower but it opens only from 5a.m.-10p.m.  Best yet eversince with THIS LOCATION OVERLOOKS the Fremont Street Experience, this coffee shop stays OPEN 24 HOURS!
4	I mean, yeah, right, it's a Starbucks. How different can they be? And, it's true. On the drink/food side- it's the same as just about any Starbucks. BUT- For some odd reason, there really aren't any restaurants that have a patio ON Fremont street. Starbucks does. So, it's worth the price of a cappuccino to be able to people watch from their lovely patio. And, to be honest, they don't seem to really police that you're a customer of theirs in order to be able to sit there. Dude next to me was drinking coffee from Dunkin' Donuts. Only negative is street performers and random salespeople (timeshares, etc.) can bug you from time to time. Whatev. Just pretend you don't speak English.
2	This is the only Starbucks I found in the area here @ the Golden Nugget. It is not normal Starbucks prices. The previous day we bought the same cups of coffee @ the Starbucks in the newly renovated Tropicana - and it was half the price it was here. Same goes for the Starbucks inside the Hard Rock Hotel. There was no cinnamon by the sugar/cream station. So my loving man waited in line again to ask for it and the girl was so rude, and said well if it isnt there, it isnt there and we probably dont have any. A coffee shop w/ no cinamon? i refuse to believe this... but lets' just say for a minute that indeed there is no cinnamon in its entire place, she should KNOW there isnt any, not guess. There;s no need to be rude when you refuse to look for a condiment by your customers that are already paying double the prices for your coffee. The only reason I didnt get coffee from the shop inside the CAlifornia - was b/c of the cinnamon and chocolate i sprinkle inside my coffee. . and they didnt have any. . "probably" according to the very helpful staff.
4	A 24-hour Starbucks?! That is unheard of in Hawaii. I guess Las Vegas really is the city that never sleeps!I needed a pick-me-upper after running on less than normal amount of sleep in Vegas and stopped by this Starbucks. The people are nice and I was able to go in, get what I needed and be on my merry way in just a few minutes.
4	More of a Starbucks walk-through. Close to the pool, so you can hop on over for your favorite drink. They only have 3 tables that are usually being used by people waiting for their taxi to pick them up from the hotel. I'm going to assume that having 1 row of slot machines is more important than having a waiting/seating area for guests. The 500+ other slot machines they have in the casino area is not enough. If you just need your coffee fix, great place. If you need a quiet place to get work done, not the spot. WHAT SUCKS: They do not take Starbucks cards, and they allow smoking in the area. I will never get any food products from a location that allows smoking in the same area. I'm going to start not giving my business to ANY location that lets people smoke inside. When is Las Vegas going to hop on baord with NYC and other cities that outlaw smoking in certain establishments/areas. Vegas is supposed to be forward thinking, keeping up with everything new. Nope, they are still stuck in the 40's allowing smoking in casinos/bars/etc. Sorry smokers, some of you are selfish inconsiderate douche bags that do not care about the health of others. Start showing some consideratiuon, and bring that cancer outside. I wonder if smokers would mind me taking up the habit of cyanide spraying around them or their children.
4	24 hour sratbucks - awesome. Fremont street people watching - awesome. Finding a seat - not so awesome. Plugs for laptop - non existent. Not even a plug inside. I guess they don't want me plugging in my amp for my one man band Fremont show. I'm suprised, because they let everyone else besides Starbucks customers chill here. Is it really that hard to put a sign up that reads "starbucks or hotel guests only". As much as I like quircky vagrants, I do not enjoy them asking me for cigarettes and change every 5 minutes. I'm trying to enjoy my chai frap and watch people take pictures with the big titty lady. People watching is a lot less amusing when you have the drunk guy who thinks he IS the Fremont street experience sitting next to you. Double fisting two natty ices. He definitely was not there to purchase a scone or double shot espresso. Out of the 11 full tables outside, I counted only 3 Starbucks products. In the freeloaders defense, there are no benches or chairs on Fremont street to sit down. I'm guessing zoning only allows zero benches and 60 vendor carts. Gotta make that money Vegas!This Starbucks does not accept my Starbucks card. For a company that is not a franchise, why allow casino and rest area locations to have different rules and rediculous prices? I don't know who's at fault. Are these "special" locations gouging prices or is it Starbucks corp? If I find out its the latter, I'm turning in my Starbucks GOLD card. Gonna start my own mega-espresso empire with consistency at every location. Treating my loyal customers with the respect they deserve for keeping me in business.I have been here for at least an hour and the sitting area looks like they started their own refuse collection. Nobody has come outside to clean up the place. I'm about to leave and some guy that looks like a meth addict starts clearing up the tables and the ground. Maybe OCD, or maybe he just wants to be a nice guy for using the tables without purchasing anything from starbucks. Who said meth addicts can't be contributing members of society? They are doing more than the starbucks/casino employees that work here.
4	A Sure Thing! I adore coffee, all kinds:  I am not too fussy. My coffee is very blond and very sweet:  more like dessert. Almost a meal, but not quite. Hope you enjoy yours too!
4	This Starbucks made THE BEST Cinnamon Dolce Latte that I have ever had! I was in Vegas in the middle of summer, and it was ridiculously hot but I still had to have my cinnamon dolce latte. The lady who filled my families orders was very friendly, and did an amazing job on all of our drinks. If only the baristas in Utah could take a lesson from her!
3	Hey starbucks! Same. as. always. Nothing great, nothing bad, but damn I love those Chai Tea Lattes!
3	I made a stop here every single day while on a recent trip out to Las Vegas.  With its great location, it made it so convenient to get my Starbucks fix in daily.  Their baristas were all super friendly, no matter who was working when I stopped by. I still can't figure out why they would still be using their holiday/Christmas cups on February 8th but they were.  It didn't matter. My venti Sugar Free Cinnamon Dolce Soy Latte was out of this world and hit the spot every single time.
5	This was a great Starbucks. The barista's were talkative, in a jovial way, and had great suggestions for local eateries.
2	OK, 3 mornings in a row dealing with a nice cashier, but a grumpy sourpuss making our espresso drinks.  If you are going to work in the service industry, don't bring the bad attitude to work.Additionally, why, as a paying customer, am I not getting a seat on the patio because the patio is full of bums and non-customers?  Seriously, Friday and Saturday morning the patio was full, but only 2 people had a Starbucks drink.  Not good.
5	Went to this Starbucks this morning (3/1/12) and frankly, it's subpar compared to other Starbucks.   When there are 8 or so employees, you'd think that the place would run like an efficient, well-oiled machine. Nope....
1	Wow. This is rare. The service, food and drink was so bad I had to write about it. Coffee tasted like flavored water. Muffin was rubbery. Service was horrendous. I paid 7 dollars and you're not giving me a free cup of water? Jeez.
5	My favorite Starbucks. They make the perfect drinks. There's two locations. one inside the casino in the back and one by Fremont. I prefer the one in back. the one by Fremont entrance is super busy. The lady's in the morning are so helpful NO REFILLS.  Or free rewards, and they don't load your Starbucks cards. FYI
2	This location does not do reloads on your card, sorry, not all of us have smart phones with the app.  Also, no free wi-fi.
2	One of the few places to get espressos and lattes in the downtown LV area. It's a small location with limited choices of pastries (at leasts the few times I have been there). It's on the Fremont side of the Golden Nugget which has another one on the Carson side. This one tends to be less crowded in the morning as the one on the Carson side is the near the place where people wait to hop back on their tour bus and take a coffee while waiting.
3	Got to get your caffeine on to fuel your adventures on Fremont Street! Small seating area inside and a few seats outside too.
1	Does take sbux cards but doesnt honor reward drinks. Wish the barista told me before I bought a 5 dollar drink. place is inside the casino so it wreaked of cigarette smoke.
3	Watch out, this Starbucks is more expensive than normal Starbucks locations because its tourist central.
1	You pay 5 bucks for a cup of coffee you are expecting a certain level of quality.  It's coffee not to complicated.  Over the last 3 days this place has proven it makes crap coffee. It's very dirty.
4	This SB is located in the Golden Nugget downtown Las Vegas it's very small just like your typical stand in a Casino to get a quick drink. So happy that now you can use your SB card before you couldn't use it. They don't have the phone scanner don't know when that will happen. But I forgot the Golden Nugget has 2 SB the other one is located in the newer redone section. I'm just glad now they accept the SB cards.
4	Small but comfortable Starbucks inside the Golden Nugget casino, outdoor seating on the Fremont St pedestrian mall is a nice feature.
2	They add $3 to every purchase just because they're inside the Golden Nugget. Not cool.
2	I don't think I've ever given a Starbucks a bad review.... because, well, they're Starbucks and they're the same the world over, right?One would think.The drinks are more money here, but that's because they're inside a casino and they can get away with gouging the tourists.  Fine, okay, I expect a certain level of that.  But... this is the ONLY Starbucks I have ever been to where they did NOT have any Wifi access.  And I mean none at all, not even a "paid" level.  Nothing.  I desperately needed a Wifi connection to upload an assignment for grad school - you would think I could do it here over a cup of coffee.  That would be a negative.  Most likely because it would "compete" with the Wifi access that the casinos offer - which, of course, you have to pay for (at least, in my case, I did).  This is NOT COOL, folks.I have NEVER seen a Starbucks without Wifi access before... but I have now.  I'm not likely to come back, especially when you can't even get a seat outside half the time because it's jam-packed.  And they sit for hours, hours, hours.  If you don't have Wifi access here, there is NO need to sit here for 12 hours taking up space - drink your overpriced lattes and LEAVE so someone else can sit down.Not recommended.
3	Here are the real facts about this sbux: It is a 24/7 coffee shop with pretty good customer service & fast drink making skills, but extremely average drinks. I got a Java Chip Frap and there was barely any coffee whatsoever! Though, it is in a pretty useful location when you decide to go exploring downtown Las Vegas! It's a tad more expensive because of the casino status. Also, don't ever eat food at starbucks--it's usually bland or dry, and you should really save your money for more coffee trips or alcohol later when you're trying to have some good times in the ol' DTLV. My suggestion: Grab your drink and walk around fremont @ night! It's worth the fun light show view~! At least once!
1	Shitty service! I was staying at the Golden Nugget and while waiting on our husband to pull up the car we were parched from the 100+ degree heat and I asked for just a small cup of water.She actually wanted $1.20 for a tiny plastic cup with tap water!Insanely long lines every time I walked past, not enough seating, rude and not worth a penny of my money!
2	Like previous reviews, the service sucks and not the greatest areas of town. I usually get the norm for me which is a jcf...this place is always busy and they do have a tendency to skip orders...not the best way to run a business. I guess I'll deal with crummy service vs waiting at a coffee shop.
5	Convenient Starbucks location right inside the Golden Nugget lobby.  It is walking distance from the elevators in the Carson Tower which is handy when you need your pick-me-up on the way to a long all-night music festival.  They carry most of the standard Starbucks fare.  I didn't see the wraps available, though.  Some of the ingredients were unavailable when I was there like the Dark Carmel for the Carmel Ribbon Frappuccino.  I just told them to use Light Carmel for the full quantity rather than the half of each they normally use.  Its possible that they just ran out based on the crowds they had been seeing all day.  They also accept the starbucks app on the iphone but they don't have the reader so they have to manually put in the number.  All in all, the service was good and fast.  Its probably a good reason for me to stay at the Golden Nugget.  :-)
4	There are two Starbucks located inside the Golden Nugget. Nothing new or spectacular and they do accept SB cards not sure about the smart phone app if they have the scanner or not. Over all good to have my ice tea lemonade (peach or green tea) while playing slots lol
