1	Bought a fridge here after I saw in consumer reports that their service level was high when working with appliances and its been a big hassle. They said they would call me when it was in stock - they didn't so I called and they had forgot about me - so I asked when it would be delivered and we set a date - so I called that morning after making arraignments to be home and I wasn't on the list because the fridge hadn't come in yet - they don t know why so we set another date for delivery - they offered no apologizes and we Will see if I get it on this next date - they are a big disappointment - I should have went to Spencers - I Will next time
4	Rich was very helpful to us, from getting a floor model clearance fan down for us, to explaining how to install a remote kit, to answering questions on the new CFL bulbs and why they are not dimming (we purchased & installed the non-dimmable ones)I find that the employees here are more friendly, on average, than employees at HD.
3	This really is more of a lady's hardware store with more design/decorating stuff, small appliances, and such. But this time they had something HD didn't, and at a good price.  Almost exactly what I was looking for, too.Even if you're a die-hard HD shopper, it doesn't hurt to check here too.
4	Did multiple trips here during a painting project for my new house. I like the paint center better here than at Home Depot.Not to be sexist, but if you caompare any hardware/lumber store in terms of manliness then Lowes comes in last. So if you're looking for a place that you can get splinters and grunt about tools, Lowes is more of a hardware/lumber store with a veneer of a fancy showroom. But, maybe I am just old-school and grew up on the wood floors of Ace Hardware where everything is on the shelves waiting for you to knock them off and stab yourself in the foot.
4	I like it here! Ever since ive become a new home owner, this has been my toy's R us for my home. I also had my first son at the same time, so I've been bringing him here since he was born. I love it that the staff here still remember him everytime. Here you get quicker help than Home Depot where i always have to search for someone.
5	Didnt find what i was looking for, burlap sacks, but the lady with the awesome tatoos in the garden center was supa coo
2	If you want assistance or some help, don't come to this Lowe's. I went to Lowe's for a particular item with the pending cold weather. Upon walking into the garden section I asked a worker for an item. She stated to me she wasn't sure if the item was in stock, but if it was it would be over there and pointed to an area. Not very helpful.  A bit frustrated, I went to customer service to see if the item was in stock. At least the lady working the desk knew that item was out of stock. At least take the effort to show me where the  item was and not send me on a blind hunt.Lowe's might have the best Nascar driver around, but this Lowe's lacks in customer service. Won't be going to this location again.
1	horrible service and not the first time its happened here. First they lost our business to home depot for our home blindsWe gave them another chance with the carpet after several trips, phone calls and months we get a final quote on paper come back 3 days later and they say no, they blamed me for it, lied to me and went back on their word  both verbal and paper we had everything planned and picked out carpet torn out of entire house ready for install and now we are back to square one trying to find installers, carpet and everything this company is not honest.
