4	Great school
5	When my daughter and I moved to Maricopa I was concerned about enrolling her in a new school. Her old charter school was so amazing that I was starting to feel discouraged when I looked at the public schools in the area. I found out about Legacy and fortunately we were able to get her enrolled. It is, in my opinion, the best school in Maricopa. My mother, who is a teacher at an exclusive private school in the state, is impressed with Legacy as a whole. :)
1	Of course you could get your kid into this school.  They want as many clients as they can get.   That's how the owners have become millionaires.  This school has a huge turn over in quality educators and clients/students.  If your child has the slightest bit of behavior problems or academic issues, you're in trouble at this school unless you're the owner's kids.  This school gets rid of many clients that are problems and when the parents find out what's really happening in the schools, if they actually care about their children, they leave.  You can't believe most of what you are told and the administrators are excellent liars.  At least that was the experience our family had with them over several years time.  There are other quality educators in the area.  But as for me, this charter school has too many problems that hinder children's ability to learn and be successful.  Maybe I'm in the minority, but my family's experience was life changing.
2	The teacher my daughter had when she first enrolled here was great. That was in 3rd grade.  My daughter is now in 5th grade and we have had issues with the last two teachers.    They may be college educated, but they were both first year teachers. My daughter has ADD and requires a strict teacher with experience.  What she has had are teachers who don't seem to care or who are overwhelmed with teaching their own class for the first time.   My next step is to meet with the principal and discuss my concerns. Legacy has a good reputation as a whole, but this campus seems to be headed down hill.
