3	I like 99 cent stores because you'll find the most random junk at these places.  At this location, there's mostly food - fresh produce and groceries all around!  I'm a bit skeptical on buying the food here, but what I'm really looking for is cheap useless crap for whatever reasons!On my last visit, I found glow in the dark stuff - perfect for birthday parties in dark clubs and ring pops to remind us of the 80s!  It's pretty clean and organized inside, for the most part.  It's not like those 99 cent store back in the days when they first came out.  These chain ones really know how to take care of themselves!Sidenote: I did end up buying avocados from here - 4 for a dollar!  They were of the small variety and I must admit, they were surprisingly good and actually just right.  The last one was a bit bruised, so it wasn't in the most perfect of conditions, but overall, not bad for a buck!
4	99 Cents Only stores are the only "dollar" stores I go to! They really do stock the best stuff, and I love buying groceries here. I've had problems lately finding a good deal on Coke Zeros. Smiths this week has them on SALE for $5. Are you out of your mind Smiths? 99 cents only had the 16.9 oz size for $0.59.. sweet. I'm currently snacking on a bag of cute mini green apples purchased today for .99. So far no brown spots/flaws here! Hardly a spot to do all your grocery shopping, but stop in.. you'd be surprised what you can find!
3	Like most of these stores, getting exactly what you need on your grocery list is kind of a crapshoot. They never have exactly the same items, and busy days after the flier comes out are the worst.Still, you can pick up some awesome canned goods and produce if you're there at the right times. For example: they usually have .59 cent canned sardines here. You can class up the homemade Caesar salad with those and look real hardcore gourmet. They also regularly have hearts of palm and bamboo shoots, really any sort of canned food that is 'ethnic' and hence Vons will charge you three dollars for it. We've eaten a lot of fresh produce from this store. Well, you get what you pay for, that's what, especially the tomatoes. The avacados and asparagus - surprisingly good though.Also, throwing a party? Need cheap bar glasses or plates? This store has a big selection. Buy some and then you won't have to look bad when none of your stuff matches, but if the guest breaks it, well who cares you only spent a dollar.Just don't count on them to have the sardines for the salad the day of the party. That is not how this works.
4	Now this is what a 99 cent store is suppose to be, everything in here was 99.9 cents, so it was a dollar for everything (plus tax of course).  We stopped in here to pick up some cheap cooking utensils and plates for our camping trip in the Grand Canyon and was quite surprised by the amount of merchandise, they even had fresh produce here for 99.9 cents as well.  The produce was pretty fresh looking as well!
4	Okay, so here I am, no cash and I come across the 99 cent store.  Are you shiting me, I've hit Nirvana, the jackpot. I've found the lost city of Atlantis.  this place kick some serious ass, i'm talking groceries for less than a haircut at Supercuts, tha't s some cheap shit holmes.I love this place, I can shop for fruits, veggies and canned goods and still have enough money left over to clog my arteries at McDonalds.  I found Organic Chicken broth for 99 cents, the same product cost $4 at Alberstons, ouch, my anus is hurting.
3	I shop at the 99 Cents Only store to buy the sugar free cans of Arizona iced tea.  This is not available in grocery stores, so this is my go to place for my drink of choice for after hiking.Periodically I will look around, but I usually am on my way somewhere else and I don't find much.  I know if I looked more, especially at the produce, I would find some deals.  The staff is generally pleasant and I find check out to be something of a wait because there are few stations open.I'll return for my Arizona diet tea.
4	This is my favorite 99 Cent Store in town because of its huge selection. They have things that the other 99 Cent Stores don't have. I know I'm semi-crazy for knowing that. The employees aren't always the friendliest, but I don't really mind as long as the line is moving. I purchased some chips here once, but didn't bother to look at the expiration date. They expired before I could eat 'em and I had only the chips for less than a month.  The best things to get here are school supplies, seasonal decorations, and gift bags.But, if you don't find what you need here, there's a Dollar Tree in the same shopping center.
4	Ahhh snaps! I love this place!! I'll be all excited to show my son a new toy I got him; he tears open the box and gets the toy come to find out it needs batteries! He gets angry and so we make a B line for the 99 cent only store. Now we normally frequented this store but we now live in Summerlin so we go there!You can find a plethora of things you do and do not need! I love the tool section! I purchased some screw drivers and socket wrenches to fix junk around the apartment. The housewares has awesome finds! You can find dishes and all the cutlery and side kicks for only a buck!I usually go for the Reynolds Wrap pop up foils! Soooo convenient and only a dollar! They also have THE BEST Halloween decorations for a dollar! I love how a lot of the stuff is glittery and pretty, this is were we got our halloween swag!Go here if youre broke and need the odds and ends for your casa!
3	Good location next to Sam's club and Wal-mart.  Makes it a one stop shop place.  Selection is decent, they get good stuff in once and awhile.  They carry all the normal stuff that most 99 cent stores carry.  Not everything is cheap here (buyers beware).  Prices have gone up, but that's normal due to the economy.  They recently started to carry milk, but not at 99 cent price ($2.66).  Only thing not a dollar.Parking is easy, big lot.
3	My wife is a big fan of 99 cent stores. Me, not so much. But I get dragged along once in awhile. I do think they need to change the name of the store to the 9999 cent store as everything is now 99.99 cents. Or at least that's what they say, but when it rings up in shows as $1. So you're getting ripped off .0001 cent on every item. The other day I actually suggested going to this store, because I needed helium balloons. I saw a sign that said they were 99.99 cents. But when the lady rang it up, it came up as $1.50. I told her the sign said 99 cents. She explained that I had to pay for the helium too! I have never heard of having to pay extra for helium. But whatever, it was still pretty cheap. And even better, I got a big gift bag for 99 cents. I hate wrapping and this was a cheap alternative. Still not a huge fan, but I think this will be my new spot to buy gift bags.
3	There's the good news and there's the bad news. Let me start with the bad news. One word: Carts.Stay away from the carts, or else, choose wisely. 99% (all pun intended) of their carts are disabled. They seriously need first aid care, perhaps some lube or new wheels altogether. Last time I took a cart with me inside (make that, carts - cause I had to keep switching), it would not budge a right turn and always insisted on turning left. A little irritated, I went back out to take another one then the hind wheels refused to run. A few people seemed to be having the same problem as I did but a few lucky ones seemed to be gliding pretty smoothly - so there's hope.  Need some new earrings? Let me redirect your interest to Forever 21. They've got jewelry that start from $1.50, just half a dollar more than here and they don't rust so easily. I bought a gold plated necklace here once and after a day out in the summer heat, the sweat at the back of my neck turned the gold into bronze, within a time span of a few hours. Not exactly worth your dollar, even more so, the possible rash that may come with it. Oh and bike accessories shouldn't even be thought of. One of my uncles bought a lock chain for his bike one day and the next week, when he took his bike for a ride to walmart, he found himself struggling to open the lock for about 45 minutes. We thought he'd be stuck there the rest of the day. Well, here's the good news :)Other than that, I actually appreciate this store for its practicality. From ketchup to memo pads to scrapbook stickers to all these cute goodies, if we get lucky sometimes, they get stock for the orange flavored chocolates. Those things are glorious, honest to goodness! In the end, I come here mainly for the stationary, possible gift bags, perishable food and to enjoy the 'special occasion' aisle where they feature luau products for summer, teddy bears and hearts for valentines etc. There's no tax for food and almost everything else costs about $1.08. Big place that holds a lot of variety. It's a good first stop before you continue grocery shopping at Walmart or Sams Club.
3	This 99 cent store is rather large and is set up like a very cheap neighborhood Walmart. No, a neighborhood Walmart looks better than this. That's not a bad thing- it sells cheap things, so why should it look like Tar-JAY?  The store was, for the most part, clean and organized. I could see staff constantly cleaning up spills and restocking shelves.This store has a little of many things. The fresh-food section isn't all that big, but it's nice to be able to buy lower-priced fruits and vegetables. Not everything is .99 cents so pay attention.Anyway, I got red potatoes, bell peppers, mangos and tomatoes there, and they all look all right. The spice section is very small, as is the refrigerated section.  Cleaning stuff, hygiene products and more can be found here, some with brand names. The quality of many items there is naturally not going to be high. The baking sheets I bought are thin, and my can opener and barbecue spatula-thingie probably won't last too long.  I bought a 3-pack set of ice cube trays and already cracked one before I even used it. The checkout lines got a bit long as only a portion of them were open, but Walmart still wins the ridiculously-long-line contest. If my friend wanted to come again, I would, but I don't feel compelled to visit again.
1	I think some of 99 Cent Stores are OK... But this one...um.... T E R R I B L E.! First of all, they have these cheap quality toys (Barbie doll rip-off), 2 or more years expired produce, and what they call "Fancy Gourmet Food" ISN'T GOURMET AT ALL. I had to go to  the restroom once and I think bums lived in there because there was feces thrown all over the walls. I have no idea what water they used when I washed my hands, but it was stinky! DISGUSTING!! I am NEVER going here again!!!
3	During a recent trip to Vegas, I needed to get toothpaste and shaving cream.  I forgot to pack it.  Luckily, there was a 99 Cent Store near my buddies house.  We popped in here and picked up a few supplies for our stay.  Walked out spending less then $4....score!Return Factor - 76%
1	I went in to buy one thing. Condensed milk .99 with no tax. They charged me a dollar. I told the cashier it's .99 cents. She said it's easier and the computer says it's $1.00That's not right grrr..So if they steal a penny from every item that they sale they make millions. And no one cares about a penny. =\ tsk tsk shame on you 99 cents store.
4	I LOVE the 99 Cents Only Store for many reasons. 1. EVERYTHING IS 99 CENTS. I mean, there's everything from frozen foods to plant seeds to socks. And even if you end up getting something crappy, it's 99 cents, so you really won't feel so bad about it. And honestly, I rarely get anything crappy here. 2. They have fresh produce. And once in a while, they even have organic produce. Yeah, you have to sift through the good, fresh produce, but for the most part, they have some good produce there. And 99 cents for organic produce? YEAH I'M THERE. 3. All the stuff you usually don't see often at other stores, which were either discontinued products or limited edition. It's just nice to be able to try new or hard to find products, and if you don't like 'em, it's ok, since it's 99 cents!However, as much as I love this store, I gotta dock them a star for always not having enough cashiers, which always result in long waits. Now, if they only open one in Portland...
5	99 cents only stores are the bomb.comwhere can you find a 6-pack of pencils or 10-pack of pens for 0.99?  how about goody hair accessories?  they normally run $2 and up.i got really excited that they had coconut water that sometimes goes for $0.50 ea. or 0.99/2 & not expiring either.  idk where you'd be able to get a deal like that elsewhere. there's everything from gardening tools to produce.  i pick up pens, pencils, coloring books, baby products, hair accessories, snacks, and toys; things i can take back with me to hawaii.  you can't go wrong with the 99 cents store. i really wish we had one in hawaii.
2	While this place is huge and certainly must have a lot of good deals, the place was pretty disgusting. My girlfriend kept wondering aloud what that smell was, I voted 99 cent spoiled food. HahaWhat's worse is that back by the food, there was a large wide open space and the floor was DISGUSTING. Maybe they was the smell? Maybe they were moving stuff and about to out something else there? I don't know, but after being excited about a huge 99 cent store... I was super disappointed. Won't be back.
3	This place has actually spruced up it's look and now has more of a clean and organized look, thanks to the newer shelving and isles they put in.Really, only some of the store now has newer and cleaner shelves.The other half of the store still has the same original look.On the new shelves they have stocked full of everything you would need for a 99 cent summer.The only reason I come here is for those cheaply made action figure and toys.Anyone who watches Ashens videos on youtube knows what I'm talking about.The only time they seem to have anything decent along those lines is near Christmas time. It also seems our cheap stores never get the good stuff like poundland does.The times I have gone, I have always had friendly checkers.Don't let the 99 store scare you. Once in awhile you will find something pretty good.
