4	Five Guys burgers are simply the best. I'm really particular about how I like my beef cooked and they make all their burgers well done. You do have to wait a while for your food b/c they make your burger when you order it, which isn't a bad thing. I think I would prefer to wait for a burger that's fresh rather than get a burger that's been sitting around for a while quickly. This location can get pretty packed around the lunchtime hours.....noon-2pm, so you might want to allow some extra wait time for your food. I usually get double bacon cheeseburgers when I go, which has gone up in price, but it's still worth it. The fries....they're not bad, but I just gotta have a taste for them. They sure will fill a brown paper bag up with those fries. One order would easily feed 2 adults. If you want a good quality burger, Five Guys is the place to get it
4	One Liner: Cajun Fries, Cajun Fries, Cajun Fries!!Food: (scale of 0-4) 3I don't even want to know how many calories went into my system. The burger was very good. Even though it's not very often that I would eat a well done burger. I really think it's an insult to the cow who died for my meal. The cooked patties were actually very good. What made the trip really worth it though were the fries. Nicely deep fried potatoes bear the typical flavor of peanut oil. With the cajun powder on the fries, I just couldn't stop eating it. They give you plenty of it too. If you order a small, they fill a small cup full of fries, then they scoop at least another cup full and dump them in your bag. Resist finishing all the fries!!!! Extras: (Scale of 0-1)  0.5Service 0.1: Decor 0.1: Speed 0.2: Dessert 0.1: Free peanuts, scoop your own! Prices 0.1: My score for this experience is 3.5 stars.It's a tough decision, but I'll move it up to 4.
5	Excellent food and friendly service.
5	Great burgers.  You can have it any way you like.  The fries are excellent as well, just be aware that you get a lot of them.  I mean a sack full, so order the small size.
3	Fries are great... the rest of the menu not so great.  Basically, if you don't eat hamburgers or hotdogs, your only option for protein is a grilled cheese sandwich. Now, I grew up eating grilled cheese sandwiches & it was one of my fav comfort foods that my dad would make for me (not sure why, but I don't remember my mom making it).  But in any case, the 5 Guys grilled cheese is nothing special.   They really need to do something to give it a little pizzazz, otherwise, even though they have great fries, I don't have any compelling reason to go back.
5	So you are craving a good and juicy burger that has flavor with toppings that pop? And you want fries that are made from potatoes? Oh... you don't mind getting your hands a little bit greasy (After all, that's why napkins were made in the first place, right?)? And you actually want people to take your order and cook for you that are actually happy? Well then Five Guys is the place for you to try. I can honestly say that if I had the choice to change the menu a little bit, I would, but it would only be to add milkshakes to the mix. Their burgers here are top notch, with some great toppings that are always fresh. If you like Jalapenos you might really like theirs **warning, they are fresh, and thus they change by the seasons and can be extremely spicy at times** I also highly recommend their fries, however another warning - If you want fries, order the smaller size, unless you are with a friend or 4. They give you a LOT of fries, but they are extremely good! Bottom line... Any time I crave a burger, I have two options 1) crank up my grill and make my own or 2) jump in my car and go to Five Guys ( I typically opt for the second option)
1	The peeps i work with sent me here on a lunch run a few months ago. I barely got the food back in one piece because the grease soaked bags kept ripping.  The burger and fries i had were...well...greasy.  Very greasy. I felt slimy the entire rest of the day. I don't get the obsession some have with their burgers. To each their own but I certainly didn't dig them.
3	So this is Five Guys. It's a burger chain that cooks with peanut oil. That's their thing. Each one offers complimentary peanuts while you wait. The burgers are good and well caloried, yeah I just said caloried. That's usually all I ever get when I come here. They serve the burger in an old-fashioned way which is wrapped in foil in a brown paper bag nestled atop the abundant amount of french fries. Probably not the best for to-go orders as the grease from the fries ruins paper.(See Christine D.'s review) If you just aren't in the mood for a Big Mac or Whopper, go here. Then to the gym.
4	Best burgers and hot dogs in town. Oh did I mention that they pile on the fries as well?  There really is no need to order the large fries, small should do just fine unless you really love fries.
3	Comparing with other "Five Guys" locations, this particular location, in Ballantyne, is average.  As one would expect from any Five Guys, you get a good burger and a heaping load of fries in a brown bag, no shocker there.  However, for the unique orders, they tend to mess-up on and the customer service fluctuates from good to meh.  Since I only been here during lunch time, they do get busy, but generally still good turnaround serving your food (which yes, they shout your number).  The peanuts are not always fresh (gummy taste).  Typically, if I have a choice, I would drive a little further to the Five Guys at the Blakeney Shopping Center, they are a better location.Be careful how you park in the parking lot, the spaces are narrow!
4	Dear Five Guys, See it's like this...I have this special place in my heart for jalapenos. It's like my "thing". And you guys...well you... serve them FRESH and it kinda blows my mind. Whether it's a hot dog or burger you pile them up and it just makes my heart SO happy. Like the kind of happy that makes me want to always be around you and make sure tell everyone just how awesome you are...like all the time.And I don't want to freak you out but....well...there's more....see you also serve your fries HOT and dripping with grease in a cup spilling over into a brown bag...and I just have to try and eat them. ALL of them. Because...Well, let's face it they are just too good to go to waste. And I just can't share...NO! I mean if anyone's fingers try to come near my bag they better be prepared for battle. Yeah. It's that serious. So I just want to thank you for being so freaking awesome. And let you know that even though I may be a bit bias but I don't care. Keep doing what you are doing. And I promise to keep raving about your awesome-ness to anyone that will listen! Sincerely, Candyce "Jalapeno Lover" B
5	Perfect burgers, plentiful fries, endless sodas. This is burgers done right.They always post the sources of there potatoes, sometimes Prince Edward Islands, sometimes Eastern Washington state, even Idaho.And the music is good!
5	Five Guys is Five Star for what it offers: great burgers, great fries, and terrific service! One of their best online services they offer is the ability to put your order in and then run over and pick it up at whatever time you like - great for us busy Ballantyne folk at lunch. Don't expect ambience here - this is either a pick-up or quick eat-in restaurant. Do expect quality food at an incredibly reasonable price.
5	Out of all the Charlotte locations I've been to, this has the best service, and has always been consistently good.
5	How couldn't you love Five Guys if you like burgers and fries? It doesn't matter where we are at, we've had Five Guys from Key West to Myrtle Beach and Savannah, we always have a good experience. Their food is just spot on every time! We love this location because it is close to our house and the people are very friendly. We can order online on the way home and they have it ready when we get there. The app is very easy to use for online ordering and remembers what you order most often. If in the area and want a good fast food experience please drop by.
3	Don 't go crazy with your burger loading.  Stuck with maybe three add-ons and enjoy.  Too many toppings = yuck and you won 't be able to taste the great beef.Quite an experience and the brand is consistent where ever you are located.Service is accurate and pretty fast.  Lots and LOTS of options and, as I mentioned in my tip, the beef is quality and not what you could get at the local supermarket.Portions are huge, so if you are a light eater or with children, go for half a burger or less to share with whomever you are with.
