5	This is the cutest Coffee shop. They play jazz music to sooth the soul. The Thrifty ice cream is the best ever, I wanted to get another scoop and it is reasonably priced. I recommend this spot to anyone who loves Coffee, Tea or Ice cream ;)
5	Yes Yes Yeeaaasssss !!! I've never been a coffee fan but the Ice Cream sure does make up for it. They have a good variety of ice cream flavors and I'm Picky when it comes to my cold desserts.I ordered 1 scoop of the rainbow sherbet. She filled the cup all the way to the top!! Definitely not stingy! Price is very reasonable. I am still eating my first cup but I do intend on trying another flavor!! Ladies sitting next to me where complementing their lattes. So that must mean its good! Lol Oh! And they serve chicken wings here too!!!! Mmmm tempting....I came in 8pm on a Wednesday night. I wanted my favorite treat after my pasta dinner. Door was wide open with hip music flowing from it. It seemed almost like a party! DJ Needles was his name. Wednesdays is Comedy night. Professionals and Amateurs welcome. I dropped a couple tears no lie. My gym visit is NOT needed after spending the night here. LolThe owner was present! (Very rare at some places) Very nice guy. I loove his hair  Customer service is great!! I didn't ask the 2 young ladies names but they were smiling and attentive. I was at the counter every hour. Lol. I am impressed and left with the feeling that I MUST return next week and bring friends. I give a thumbs up! For your time, money, and tummy ^_^} this a great place to come for Coffee, Ice Cream, Tea, or Me? (Yes you will find me here ;)
5	Poetry , karaoke, thrifty ice cream.....if you remember the yum that is thrifty ice cream your delight will be equaled only by the sheer generosity of these scoops!  An iced coffee kept my buddy happy and upon enjoying a shared sip.... I concur! Nicely executed!
3	Friendly staff, simple menu, plain interior. Ranked in order of impact on the rating. I've seen this place on Groupon, but had trouble locating them from the street as they are  behind the Landry's and signage simply says "coffee shop" rather than the store name.Was welcomed by multiple staff when I entered, menu is small and consists of hot and cold coffees, a few sandwiches, and Thrifty ice cream- a brand multiple small cafes have started selling, which I totally don't understand.Iced vanilla latte was simple enough, and not overly sweet. Price was on par with anywhere else.If you're really in need of a caffeine fix, they offer the Godzilla: 6 shots of espresso in a 32 ounce cup. Watch out!
4	Great space.  Great ice cream! Great location! Ask for Shawana! I would give 5 stars but I haven't finished eating!
5	Wonderful place...wonderful people! I love it and I'm so grateful to see another black owned business.
4	Friendly service and good food. The layout of the tables and chairs is not cramped and cluttered and they do karaoke or open Mic nights on Wednesdays from 8-10PM. Nice decor and affordable prices. I am definitely coming back!
1	I have been trying to get coffee at this place multiple times BUT had no luck since they don't open until late in the day 9am really ....it also seems like a ice cream place than coffee shop. If you are real coffee drinkers wouldn't come here. If you want fabulous pastries and coffee visit coffee bean
5	Not only was it easy to find but I felt the warm welcoming of the staff as soon as I entered! This wasn't your average coffee shop.. they brewed the coffee per cup & explained the step by step process while I witnessed a bowl a coffee beans turn into a hot cup of magnificence in a matter of minutes.And mmhmm.. donuts were served as well! Yummy!!I didn't expect this. The best coffee at a great price served with a little history/knowledge on how coffee was made-------the proper way ;)Thanks Guys!
