5	Being a man, and a cheap man at that, I was resistant to the idea of wedding planners.  I definitely did see the value in a "day-of" coordinator, because I really didn't want to be bossing the wedding party around, much less having to even THINK about what they were doing.And given the EXTREMELY small budget we had for our wedding, I didn't grasp the value of having a wedding planner.  I can tell you now, 6 months later, IT WAS ABSOLUTELY WORTH IT.Kaila and Lacey are ROCKSTARS.  They managed to pull together our odd-ball wedding, despite me not wanting to fully relinquish complete design control.  They had great suggestions in areas we didn't really give much thought, which ultimately saved us money.  The most valuable part to me was their help with the "flow" of the wedding in general, which tends to be hard to grasp when you've never been married before (even if you're a wedding crasher).Next time I get married (JUST KIDDING HONEY!), I'll absolutely choose Lacey and Kaila, and I won't hesitate for a second this time.Though, for the record, I still don't forgive you guys for convincing my wife to go with the "fancy" chairs.  You guys made up for it in other ways so I didn't take a star away for that!
5	I loved working with the ladies at Plush!  I knew from first time we met that they were a great fit for us.  My husband and I had a second wedding with friends in LV and were working with a limited budget.  Kaila had so many creative ideas on how we could have a beautiful event and still stick to our budget (which we did!).  She was so responsive and made great suggestions on vendors and decor when my time was running low, which made decision making easy. Our event turned out perfect. Our guests couldn't stop talking about the great food, the venue, and the gorgeous decor she designed.  It was truly a special event and we couldn't have done it without her. I planned my first wedding on my own, and after working with Plush, I tell everyone I was crazy not to have worked with a planner before.  Considering the stress that was removed, the money they saved us on vendors, and the creative ideas you get by working with a professional, it really is a great value. I would recommend Plush to anyone - those ladies know what they're doing!
4	I called to see what their prices were and to personally hear what kind of services they provide.Nicest people I have ever talked on the phone with,I'll tell you that!
