4	SO good! Raw bar portions are small though, so don't expect much. But nonetheless amazing. I had a salmon tartare with coriander and avocado and it was so delicious! My friend had a flavorful perfect scallop ceviche served in a small shooter glass. It wasn't too strong or citrusy which I liked. For the main I had a raclette, I'm not sure how to translate it but it's basically melted/grilled cheese with potatoes, cold cuts, and king mushroom. Oh! And some carmelized onions on the side (which were so sweet and tasty) I had some fries which were skinny and thin, served in a small cup. THAT was also good too. They were very potato-y. My friend had a nice Kir to drink. Service was excellent, friendly, and enthusiastic. Prices are slightly pricey, but that's French food for you. Other than that, I really enjoyed my experience there. I would go back to try the other tartares .
2	FOOD / SIGNATURE DISHThis place serves beef and non-beef variations on steak tartare with surgical precision. Execution and presentation are near-perfect. They also have excellent and affordable bottles of Saint-Nicolas de Bourgueil on their wine list (private import).DECOR / ATMOSPHEREVast, clean and elegantly contemporary. Lots of smart details. I loved the wooden tables, original but comfortable.FEATURES / SERVICEOh well, that's the problem here. Service is aloof. Our waitress mixed up our orders and forgot half of it... We ended up frustrated like you wouldn't believe. It it weren't for her ridiculous unprofessionalism, our experience would have been top notch.
2	We were there last winter for a group party. OK, I know groups can be overwhelming for waiters. But the service was really bad, although pretty quiet of a night that day. The server was unprofesionnal and soooo didn't care. We waited for a long time to get our dishes. The aps were good. We had sweetbreads & foie gras. Speaks for itself, yum ! However, we shared the tartar tasting (you get a bit of everything) and felt like it was totally overrated. Not worth the price at all - we've had much better tartars elsewhere for much cheaper! With wine & service, ended up with a bill of nearly 200$ for two. I won't be back.
2	Okay, let's be real, a restaurants review is based on a lot more than the food - for some places this is a good thing, but unfortunately not for LustucruFood : amazing. Big thumbs up to the chef. We had a tasting platter which consists of 8 choices. I have absolutely nothing negative to say about the food. **the food and wine is the only reason I'm not giving this place a 0 (if that's even possible)**Service : a big flat zero. Barely checked up on us, seemed annoyed to be there, no knowledge (ex.: asked her a question and she basically just read me the menu..)Decor : it's okay, but would amp it up to distract people from the lousy staff. No I wouldn't bring friends here but I would recommend this place ONLY FOR THE FOOD - meaning that it's only for people who don't mind bad service.
4	This was my first time eating tartar and not the last. Portions were small so we had a side dish of fries. The dessert was also amazing. It basically looked like a huge donut filled with cream of some sort. Will return soon!!!
