5	I made the mistake by trying to be funny and asking "Do you do nails?" They just looked at me funny. No. They do eyebrows. And they do them well. It is worth the trip all the way to Flamingo if you are in desperate need. Just don't joke around, because this place means business. Eyebrow business.
5	This place is so cool! Great prices, fast service.  I love that you can walk right in.  Shila cleaned me up and did a great job.  Evened out my plucked/waxed brows. Threading is so neat!  It is more precise than waxing b/c there are no little strays left to see.
5	Great place to get your eyebrows done!!! This place definitely won me over! At first, never having tried threading (always been the waxing type), I was a bit skeptical and nervous, but my friend assured me that it's going to be great. She was right. I had a great experience and my eyebrows came out looking stuffily and meticulously clean!Threading was a bit more painful than waxing, but not a big deal at all. It hurts just as much as plucking them yourself, but it's a much faster process. The owners of this place are great. Very friendly. Lisa is amazing!In fact, all the girls and ladies here are good at what they do--eyebrows!They are becoming so popular that they are opening a new location in SW part of town--Rainbow and Warm Springs area. It's where I live and I couldn't be happier!They do Hanna tattoos as well and they know what they are doing! I really liked my Hanna and it lasted for a while, too!Facials are average, from what my friend tells me, but professionally done and relaxing.The only downside is that the place is a bit untidy and cluttered inside. It is clean, however.  I think that they would have even more business if they took away the clutter and made it look more inviting.SUPER AFFORDABLE PRICES!!! $7 FOR EYEBROWS!!!
5	I absolutely love this place! My only gripe would be the long waits on fridays and the weekends, but if you go during the weekdays you don't have to wait at all and they'll take care of you right away. The woman does a great job, and I was only charged $7 for my eyebrows. Since then I've been going once a month for upkeep...I definitely prefer this to the pain inflicted by tweezers on a weekly basis. :p
5	I just moved back from the East Coast and didn't think I would find a good threading place in Vegas, but I was pleasantly surprised.  No complaints.  Good service.  The person who did my threading (Shila) was quick and knew what she doing, which is key.  And, it's cheap!
5	gotta love these people! who knew I'd go to Vegas to get my eyebrows done? they were fast, clean, and only $7! thanks yelp!
5	OMG...awesome place!  I can't thank you guys enough for the GREAT reviews...without it I probably wouldn't have gone!!!  My sister lives in CA and told me that this was the next "in" thing to do.  I honestly thought she was nutts but now, I can tell her that I've build up the courage to thread my brows! I got there a little after 1100am, as they were opening, and there were already 6 people there in front of me.  My wait was not long.  A huge waiting area with lots of chairs.  I was called into the back less than 5 minutes later and out of there after 10 minutes.  The area in the back is just as huge.  I think there were at least 6 other threading ladies there.  My threading lady was Mila and she was sweet and reassured me that it wouldn't be painful.Well, I can't seem to find the word for the "feeling" I had as the threading begun.  I want to describe it as a feeling between the tweezing and the waxing....a "stinging" feeling.  It was amazing how quick she worked.  As she threaded, it sounded like someone was cutting hair.  When she did the outer part of the brow, I said to myself, "Hey, this isn't too bad!"  And then...came the inner, sensitive part of the brow.  Well, I spoke to soon...Nah, it wasn't that bad.  My opinion, I do prefer the "stinging" over the waxing.  I did wish that I could have actually seen the process done....maybe next time!Yes, I will definitely go again (CLam we are there in 3 weeks!) Man, for 7 DOLLARS...how can you go wrong? Btw, I overheard them saying that they don't do appointments so here's the times (for the one on Flamingo):  Mon-Sat 11am-7pm; Sun 11am-6pm.
5	i have beautiful eyebrows now!!!after reading all the wonderful reviews before me, i finally went to get my eyebrows done. Mila did an amazing job. and i was out of there in twenty min.however, they had a price increase as of July 1. now it's $10 for eyebrows. if only i went three days ago. oh well. i did have a hard time finding this place, so if you're planning on going, don't stop reading. It's on Flamingo in between Pecos and McCleod in the Renaissance shopping center. [you can't miss the shopping center, it's huge]when you're facing the shopping center it's going to be on the right of food 4 less. it's almost kinda on the end of the shopping center. they do an amazing job with my eyebrows and bonus points for it being locally owned! :]
5	It's the Clam. My friend "da nutt" was right. I love the threading. Need a place here in Honolulu. Not bad for $7 but soon to be $10 I hear.Still cheaper than a wax job that might rip your skin off.  I usually get alot red. Not so bad. For all of you who wax you need to try threading. Soo much better for your skin :)
5	Will never go back to waxing as long as I can find a threader around! I've been going to Eyebrows 'r' Us for around six month and never have left unhappy... the first time I was told I needed to fill in my brows more and to leave the tweezers alone but she was soo right... There is also another store on Russell rd...
4	I also will never go back to waxing!  Luv my brows but wish Marcy was still here. She left and went to new location on Rainbow and Russell Road and then left there.  Anybody know where she is now?  She was the best.  I suggest you take a picture in with you.  Not everyone there can just look at you and tell what is the best shape.  Enjoy!
5	Eyebrows R' Us. I Love that place, I got my eyebrows done there... the shape of yor eyebrows are so perfect. straight. $7. good price. She charged me $7 so i tipped her $10... I loved it so much.
5	I've never been here before...but my sister used to go here all the time. She ranted and raved about it so much that I've been tempted to try going here to get my eyebrows done to. She said to ask for Lisa when I go. That is who always did her eyebrows.Edit (1/6/09):Tried it. And, now I go here often.  It's actually my fave place. My 1st time getting my eyebrows threaded. I love it. Meena is the ish! She's the only one who can touch my brows. :-)
2	I used to love this place until a lady threaded my eyebrows way thinner than normal.  Maybe she thought I liked them pencil-thin cause I'm Asian (haha j/k) but really, I wasn't a happy camper.  Another downside, they raised their prices and usually there's a bit of a wait.  Hit up Bollywood Salon, I've been going there lately and I haven't been disappointed!
5	Well well well, what can i say!?! So I go to Sin City for the Turkey Holiday and as I am going into the Walmart in Henderson (like kinna near BASIC HIGH SCHOOL) (mind u I really don't kno my way, just landmarks, so I am a bad direction giver!) w/my sister and i notice a van all hooked up w/"Eyebrows R Us" decals. I have my sis take down the number n as we were walking to the entrance I notice the owner of the van coming towards us and we stop her and get info about her services. She stops and talks to us for a minute even tho she looked like she was in a hurry. thank You!! The next day is "Black Friday" I am sooo determined to get my eyebrows done b4 nething. So we go to the shop right next door to Bath n Body (as i'm opening the door a lady walks out and her upper lip n eyebrows are red as HELL!!! Ok hello i am trippin now, but still walk in))and to my xcitement the place is NOOOT packed BUT they have like 25-30 chairs all lined up w8ng to be filled w/anxious eyebrowers!! There are 4 ladies in the shop having a wonderful convo, 1 at the desk and 3 comfortably sitting chit chattin. I pardon my self for interrupting them and ask for a lady named GITA (that's sho the lady from WalMart referred me too). And up stood a young lady, and asked me to follow her to the back of the room. I've gotten my eyebrows threaded b4 so the so called pain, i was very familiar too. to those 1st timers, to me the felling is like ur gertting like cut by thread but keeping in mind that the thread won't cut....well that's what i tell myself!! To me it's not as painful as getting waxed n all that oil stuff to take off the wax residue. Trust me, u won't be disappointed!! GITA.....YOU ARE THE BOMB!! C ya ladies again when i go back to SIN CITY for X'MAS!!!!!!!!!!! Cali ain't got nathan on threading like Henderson do!!!
5	I was an original fan of this place when they only had 1 location that wasn't too busy. I use to tell EVERYONE about how could this place is! Shiela did mine forever at the Flamingo location & then I use to go to the Rainbow & Sunset locations as well. Never had a bad experience over the 2 years I went, nice, clean, perfect brows. Waxing is too harsh & threading is just right for me. Give them a try & experience it for yourself. Its very inexpensive too.
4	I needed to get threaded while in the 702 and found this place on yelp. I've decided this will be my threading place whenever I'm out there. Make sure to mention you're a first time customer before they charge you and the'll give you five dollars off! I even called the place and got a voicemail, and the guy called me back to let me know he's sorry he missed my call and he's from Eyebrows R Us. My own friends and family won't even call me back and say sorry for missing my call! LOL...I got threaded by Miki and she was alright, but I hear Shelia is the artist of choice!
5	Wow! So, I was pretty scared because I had heard that threading was more painful than waxing. So not true for me! It was a much more pleasant  experience and my brows looked flawless when I left! I must also mention that I'm very picky. The best part was that on the way out I learn that it was only $5 for my first visit! $5!! Amazing! The woman looked at me apologetically when I looked shocked and explained to me that next time it will be $10. $10!!! This is my new favorite place.
3	I went there based on the reviews.  The place looked like it was under new management.  It was very clean.  I wrote down what i wanted: threading on  lip and chin.  One of the ladies took me into the back room, which was new, clean, hardwood floors and great lighting.  She then proceeded to start w/ my brows.  Um, No!  The only person who touches my brows is Christina at Vinita's in Westwood, CA.  But she was cool about it.  Her technique was a bit rough, (I'm use to threading), but she got the job done.  Also, before I got there, I tried to make an appt. and their voice mail was full.  I told the lady this, and she didn't quite understand me.  Language barrier.  The price was much cheaper than in Ca, so that was a plus.The place is not bad, just needs a little improvement on communication and chair side manner.  (Oh, and she could have been a bit more detailed.  I still had little hairs the next day).
3	Let me say first off that I am an LA native where you can go to a number of threading salons along with the famous chain Ziba Beauty Bar. Like the dork that I am I went to Vegas without threading my eyebrows, I assumed this was no different than waxing and I could find several establishments that could provide the service. I was really surprised to find out that there were VERY few locations that did.I went to Eyebrows R Us based on the reviews of various other members. The salon is very unassuming and could really use a face lift. It in no way compares to any salon in LA so be prepared if you are visiting from LA. Pros-Cheap compared to LA prices, only $7 for a threadCons-The wait was RIDICULOUS, I waited over 1 hr-Salon is not aesthetically pleasing, needs an upgrade-The owners are a bit pushy-I didn't like the fact that I couldn't see the artists threading customers, you have to walk into a closed room to get your brows threaded-The language barrier was an issue my eyebrows were thinner than I wanted-The woman that did my brows was Ziba trained, she was very meticulous with her work, she did a great job in achieving a nice shape. I felt that she took unusually long to do the threading, perhaps this is why I waited over an hr.
3	Eyebrows can either make or break your face, I really believe in that. A nice shape can completely change your look. I've had a lot of bad experiences in Vegas with women who have done my eyebrows. I've consistently dealt with poor technique where they were way too far apart, too thin, not symmetrical and etc.. By far my worst experience was when I got them waxed and all I was left with was twin matching rainbows. Yes, that's right, I had some hood eyebrows. They looked straight out of East LA all i'd need was a sharpie. So needless to stay, I started doing them myself.So one day before I head into the grocery store, I see Eyebrows R Us. I heard about threading and saw it was $7, so my inner old lady who cuts coupons, rejoiced.  I walked into a very minimal and modest waiting room and talk the a very attractive Indian receptionist with fantastic eyebrows. I was like okay, good sign. So I wait about 10 minutes, and finally a middle aged woman called me into a room behind a curtain. I'm like alright, for $7 Jenna you can't expect the Ritz. I lean back in a chair and she gets out this piece of thread and starts going at my eyebrows. I was a total bitch and my eyes started watering, not going to lie. It hurt 10x more than waxing. Then she directs me to pull up the skin above my arch, so I do (that seemed odd). Pluck, pluck, pluck. Imagine someone flicking a piece of string a bunch of times right in your ear and then someone stabbing your eyebrows with needles. (Okay maybe that's a LITTLE bit of an exaggeration). So in what took maybe 5 to 7 minutes and a lot of watering eyes, she hands me the mirror. She did a nice job. So I walk out,pay my $7, and leave the woman a $5 tip (because I think anything less is kind of an insult). Would I go back? Hell no because i'm a baby and it was only a little cheaper than waxing. The business is what it is, cheap services in kind of a hole in the wall. They did a good job but just.. eh. The woman who threaded my eyebrows wasn't talkative, it hurt, and it was kind of an awkward experience with good results. So I give it 3 stars based off of that.I recently discovered my new eyebrow queen at a business off of Eastern and Silverado Ranch called Wax in the City. My esthetician did a great job. She was super sweet, friendly, made me feel comfortable, and more importantly, did an excellent job. It only cost me like $16 to boot. So for any wusses out there who like a good bargain but don't like too much pain, give Wax in the City a shot.
4	My skin is sensitive so waxing is NOT for me! So when I found out about this threading shop (near my home) I went and now I go every 2 wks faithfully. They do such a nice job, and when they are finished they give you a mirror to inspect and if you are not satisfied they will continue until you are satisfied. I rarely have to wait long, and if there is a long wait, it is so close to home and many businesses that I just put my name on the list and return later. It is usually $10 but they have a special now that you may purchase 5 sessions for $35, of course I bought that, well worth it! If you have not tried this try it, it is much more sanitary than waxing.
4	Friendly staff. Great deal for eyebrows!!
4	Went on a Saturday afternoon, no wait!  This was my first experience with threading, as I usually wax.  I decided to try this based on the reviews and wasn't disappointed.
1	I have been previously going to Diva Beauty on eastern and my go-to lady was the one whose station was in the middle towards the back. Her work was clean and she really listened. I ALWAYS left happy. Now, after reading such great review about this place I decided to give it a shot. I walked in and there was no one at the front desk. I signed in shortly after had a women escort me to one of the chairs. For such high expectation, I am highly disappointed and super angry. I already had a shape and she asked what I wanted. I told her that I had I wanted to maintain my existing shape.After they were done, they looked HIDEOUS. I am horrified, I take care of my skin with SPF, night creams, day creams, under-eye creams, laser, juvederm- all for the sake of looking my best.I'm not sure about anyone else, but when I go to get my eyebrows done professionally, I expect it to have nice shape/arch/etc in proportion to YOUR face.The eyebrows I got were thin with no shape.  I look like a Chola who took a pencil to her brows- I am seriously mortified. And for the next month , everytime I look in the mirror-waiting for my eyebrows to grow back-I will think about that Indian women who made me look like a drag queen.If I wanted poorly shaped eyebrows, I would have saved myself some money, taken a tweezer to my brows, and gone GUNHO.After I reexamined in the car, I walked back because my arch on the TOP was not even. What did she do instead? She fixed the top AND the bottom. I came here because of the great reviews and cheap prices. You definitely get what you pay for.I will gladly attach a picture of my results.
4	Just started to go here when I moved back to Vegas.  I personally like threading better than waxing because of all the benefits I read in magazines about it. Plus I just feel it looks cleaner in grooming.  I get my eyebrows and upper lips done.  I really like Niki because I didn't have to explain too much and she got it, and did a great job! I'm definitely  a fan and would recommend this place. They have a eyebrow/lip combo special that I saw when I went in. I believe it was $15.00 (which is the same separately). The place is somewhat smaller than what you see on the outside. It's  located in a shopping center where Food for less and Planet Fitness is.  There's about 3 chairs, but I never really had to wait and if I did it was because I specifically wanted to wait for Niki.  Anyway, I think it's worth the price and they are satisfied.
5	How do I love thee? Let me count the ways. Meena, S.Eastern location,  is my favorite eyebrow threader. She keeps my brows in check.
4	I've tried quite a few threading and waxing places in LA & SD, and I always end up going back to the same place I've been going for 5 years in LA. However, with my move, I am left to find yet another new place. Thanks to handy dandy Yelp, I found Eyebrows 'R' Us. FLAMINGO locationService - Very quickStore - Clean, roomy compared to the other location I've been to which closed downAppt - Usually not requiredI forgot her name, but I had my threading done by a little Indian lady a few times, fairly decent threader, slightly painful. Although my pain tolerance tends to be on the lower side, I believe the service here hurt the most from all the places I've been to. The string they use seems to be of different material; however on the brighter side, the job was very quick and very clean.I have many fine eyebrows that grow in random places which is the main reason why I thread instead of tweeze myself, and she did a great job of taming my eyebrows so quickly. They offer special discounts for 5 or 10 threading sessions.I will probably finish off my discount card and perhaps try a new place just to compare.
5	First of all, this business moved a couple of weeks ago and are apparently having trouble getting their address changed on Yelp, so here you go: NEW ADDRESS:  4125 S. Eastern Ave. Suite 103 Las  Vegas 89119  phone number remains the same. Anyway, I was visiting from L.A. and didn't have time to get my eyebrows done before I left, and this place did a really good job.  They were quick and efficient and only $10.  If you haven't tried eyebrow threading, it's an awesome way to get your eyebrows done, quicker and cleaner than wax or tweezing.  Once you go to threading, you'll never go back to another method.
4	Very clean and the girl I got was very nice. I told her it was only my second time. She was quick and it was painless! She mostly just cleaned them up and they look nice. The cost is reasonable too! I will be back!
4	This is the only place I will go to when I need to get my thread on. The wait is usually a bit long especially on the weekends but absolutely worth it.
2	Good price... Nice job... but A LONG WAIT...about 45 mins....I will Find a place that values time
4	I tried this place the other day on my lunch break. My eyebrows needed it, and it was right across the street, so why not? The service was quick and efficient and there was no wait. The facility was simple, nothing fancy, but it was clean and I felt safe.The threading hurt a lot more than I had expected (truthfully, it was a LOT more painful than waxing, in my experience), but I was pleased with the end result. My brows looked great.
5	I arrived 5 minutes after opening on a Saturday. There was a wait but I expected it. I was a little put-off by the fact that the threading is done in front of everyone who is waiting, but it isn't so bad. I think I just really like privacy. The woman who helped me was very kind and helpful as it was my first time. My brows looked amazing!  The only other time i had my brows professionally done, they were waxed and ended up looking bad- poorly shaped, if at all, and it was more painful. I found the price reasonable and tool advantage of buying a card that included 4 visits for only $25. Would highly recommend this place and will definitely return to this location.
5	Been looking for a good eyebrow threading salon for a while now, and I think I FINALLY found it  EYEBROWS R US is it!! Wass gonna get my eyebrows done with some lady with black lip liner, but when I mentioned how I wanted my eyebrows she seemed a little hesitant on what she was doing so I decided to wait for MANISHA who's name was written all over the log in sheet by previous customers so I figured she must do hell of a good job which she did!!! ( when I told the lip liner lady I would rather wait for Manisha she then started talking fast in her language I'm sure talking about me OH WELL ) Any way my experience with Manisha was AMAZING!!!!! 5 stars just for her!! The pain was a minimal due to what I'm normally used to, shape  WILL DEFINITELY BE RETURNING!!!!
5	I've gone to manisha for about a year now and can trust she will always make me look great. I've gone to her before photoshoots, runways, and other modeling gigs. She is phenomenal and never makes my eyebrows too thin. She is a true artist and will not only thread your eyebrows but shape them in a perfect way that matches your face. Besides that the facility is always clean and staff is always friendly! Love this place.
5	I've been a faithful Eyebrows R Us customer for two years... I use the Eastern location because Manisha is the best! Nice looking eyebrows every time!
5	I've been going to the eyebrows r us on Eastern & Flamingo for about 2 years now. Manisha is the best!!! She has so much patience & has great eyebrow threading skills. I refuse to let anyone else touch my eyebrows! She is worth the wait on busy days. The staff is friendly & always make you feel comfortable in the shop. I highly recommend this shop & Manisha!
4	I've been here twice now (helped by 2 different ladies) and they do a phenomenal job. The only reason they lost a star is because they're not terribly friendly, but I think as long as you go well before closing and be friendly to them, you'll be fine. They really do an awesome job.
5	Manisha and Goma are amazing when it comes to threading eyebrows. They actually take the time and don't really put you in type of pain. The price is right. Be aware it is a busy location so you might have to wait. It's so worth the wait. I've been coming to this location for almost 3 years.
5	I've been going here for over a year now. Manesha is the best!  She's the only one I've used here. I'm sure the others are great but I stick to who I know and trust!. She pays attention to what she does, and notices things most don't. I have one spot that hair doesn't grow and if she were to make both perfectly even shaped, they'd be much thinner. Most places either don't notice or ask my opinion. They have prepaid cards to save money also. I live way across town but will still make the trip to Manesha!
4	I've been coming here for almost 2years. My best girls to recommend are Goma and Manisha. I never have to wait long and the location is near other essential stores. The customer service is nice and the atmosphere is peaceful. I well continue to get my eyebrows done here as I went through trial and error to find the right person. Thanks ladies!
