3	On an evening walk through Roosevelt row during the monthly First Friday event, I overheard what could only be Jazz funk pouring out from the door just up the way. I walked by and someone sitting out front invited us in for a listen to their free music event. Once inside, the wife and I were greeted by the snack bar ladies asking us if we would like one of their cookies, candies or sodas in the bottle; we got a diet coke for a $1. The Nash a decent sized venue with about 12 or so four seat tables to sit at, none of which are particularly better than another, with the tables in front being the only exception. The music was good, if you like Jazz music as I do, but I think the band playing this night put together an oddly slow paced set with more of a blues and 'experimental' Jazz than I would have liked to hear. From the amount of people walking out during their set, seemed like others also harbored the same opinion. I usually like my jazz with a little side of funk; a thick base line, Jazz guitar, and complimentary piano and horn of some type. We stuck around for about 5 songs and decided to move on. It was First Friday after all.This place could really use some Kool, and maybe even the Gang. I imagine the music is subjective and changes on an event by event basis. I feel they really could step up the quality of foods, snacks, and drinks. The venue seemed more like it catered towards a teenaged crowd, especially considering their food choices were chips, candies, etc, and no adult beverages in sight. Although I can't see many teenagers running out to listen to a night of Jazz, I could be wrong though.If I find that someone worth listening to is playing at The Nash, I will likely head out again; but I don't think I would plan on just dropping in randomly for an evening of Jazz.Happy Yelping Phoenix. I can't get enough of that funky stuff!
5	This is the perfect addition to downtown Phoenix's cultural offerings and I hope it stays around for a long time to come!  Unique venue to showcase Arizona's jazz talent, you can see our state's most well known jazz legends performing alongside up and coming students.  A living laboratory of teaching, collaboration and some pretty fine improv on open mic nights, which already have quite a following.  Only the basics here food and drink wise (prepackaged soda, water and snacks) so grab a bite to eat or a round of drinks somewhere in the neighborhood before you arrive.
4	This is a brand new music venue in Downtown Phoenix. It's very well done, with a nice ambiance and a section of the room set aside as a stage. Everyone who works there is terrific and very helpful, nice, etc.  The room is simple, the acoustics are well done, and the restrooms and such are clean.  But, that's it. There isn't a patio or really any food (except the costco type snacks for 1.00, etc.), beverage service, etc.  I would have given it a 3 star, but the venue is so promising I want others to visit it. The BEST music is here, and it will only get better!
5	Downtown Phoenix now has jazz@!!!!!
5	Great little jazz club! I can't wait until they have their liquor license, but until then you can BYOB. $5 to cork wine, and $1 per beer bottle so it's an added charge, but worth it. The jazz guys here are amazing, and its $10 a person, $5 for students. Keep that ASU card forever, ladies and gentlemen! This place is worth it.
4	I have been to the NASH a couple of times now--both to see Carmen Ramirez and her band--both evenings were great--the music is good and room is a great intimate setting for jazz.  They let you bring in a bottle of wine or some beer which makes the evening very affordable--will look forward to other opportunities to go listen to music there.
4	The Nash is a place that I have been wanting to check out for a while now, and some friends were there Sunday night and told me to come join them, so I did and before I got their I told a friend where I was going because I knew he liked live Jazz music and told him to meet me there, an impromptu double date of sorts  I arrived a little after 7 and I have to say I was immediately impressed with The Nash, what a cool lil spot to listen to some live jazz music. The place just has a cool vibe, and its only 5 bucks to sit and listen. It is a byob, so if you want wine or beer, remember to bring it in, also there is $5 corking fee. Here something most don't know about me, My dad is a pianist and my mom was an cellist (though neither play now) so music has always been a part of my life and ever since I was little I have loved the look and sound of a baby grand piano and the cello, well any musical instruments really, so it was a real treat to see them on stage being plucked & played!  I'm definitely looking forward to coming back to The Nash to listen to some more live local musicians.
4	I wasn't quite sure what to expect of this place, so expectations were low.  Luckily, our experience exceeded expectations and I look forward to going back.  Beware it is BYOB and you need to pay a corkage fee.  We relaxed and listened to some great music...all within walking distance from our downtown loft - you can't beat that!
5	Heaven in the Roosevelt District -- which keeps getting better and better all the time!  Went for the first time last night to the Mike Vax & Jessie Maguire TrumpetFest.  Heaven.  I brought an all stops pulled bag of wine and snacks with my companion, and the volunteers never batted an eye.  Perfect.  They let you bring in any food items you like.  Again, this little club is total Heaven.  I'll be back often.  It's the greatest place I've been to in the Valley since moving here 6 years ago.
3	The music is great and the location downtown is long awaited... but the atmosphere is just missing a little. Don't get me wrong, you should go check this place out on a Saturday night with a few friends and a bottle of wine.  However, the most recent review was 5 stars and I just don't want folks to be disappointed.Prepare that the vibe is not like The Rhythm Room which has tons of old school charm and character. The space is very clean and new with square 4-top tables and acid stained floors with a raised bar stool height table in the back. So it has the feel of a nice cafeteria rather than a jazz club.My advice- go and stay when you feel like the cafeteria vibe, because the musicians are fun and you will still have a great time.
4	This is a nice mellow place to listen to good live music. Like another Reviewer noted, it doesn't have the vibe of Rhythm room. It is super clean and relaxed. The volunteers who checked us in and sold the beverages (non-alcoholic) were super pleasant. The crowd is easy going and mixed ages. It's BYOB which does help keep your cost down when going out for on a Date Night. It was almost all couples when I was there. Great performance and she was relaxed and engaged the audience. Great Date place for those who love music. I gave it 4 points because it was super cold but hey, I'm a woman and we're never happy with the room temperature.
5	We met up with some friends at The Nash last night and it was so great! The Soul Advocates were amazing. We really enjoyed our time! The place was packed and had a great vibe! We will definitely return.
5	I've passed the neon sign like a million times, assuming this was just some quiet little jazz house. I was wrong. It's a booming, hip, jazz house, and I'm a dummy for not checking it out sooner. I was totally buzzed on a First Friday, the place was packed, and we were all bobbing our heads to this really groovy band called "The Stakes". Yeah, that's a plug for a band I've barely discovered, but they kick ass. The acoustics in this venue were divine. Loud, but not overpowering with some crappy PA system (like certain small venues on Indian School). Cool and comfortable, and no one has to leave all sweaty (Like a certain small venue near Grand). I had tons of fun. I'll come back with my friends. The BYOB thing sounds weird, but I can deal. Just don't look at me weird if I waltz in with a case of PBR. Kidding. Kind of. Get cultured. Go to The Nash.
5	I came here on a first/last date a bit back. I was a little to dressy to be there! Whoops!I was amazed how many youger people were there.. and I mean under 21. Way to go kids! It was fantastic! BYOB which I enjoy. Great music. Jazz speaks to the soul! Everyone should make sure to come here. I was there on a Friday night. The bass player that night was cute!  Can't wait to drag my friends here!
4	It's been a while since I first wrote my review of The Nash, but first impressions can often lead to mis-interpretations. As I sit, it's one of their Sunday improv jazz nights (6-9pm every Sunday) and I'm listening to the band kick out a Dizzy Gillespie tune. The upright base is kicking it, the drummer is keeping time perfectly, and the pianist is rocking out, well as rocking as you can really get with this one. I've been back a number of times since that first pass by on First Friday, and my opinion of this spot has dramatically improved. Improv jazz Sundays involves a solid core trio of musicians as they bring in random musicians just waiting to strut their stuff. $5 for the general public and $2 (or $3 - can't remember exactly) for musicians going up on stage. Show up on a Wednesday at 7:30 and they've got a practicing brass band and you can sit in the audience for $5 per person.Every week they showcase up and coming jazz musicians, local jazz stars in their own right, or touring musicians who've risen the ranks. Some bigger named shows will cost ya $50+, some shows $15, either way this is a nice place to come for some live jazz.Onward and upward, to the really important parts, no kitchen an no bar will leave you dining on candy bars and bottles of soda, a dumbed down movie theater snack bar type of experience, don't fret. The Nash has a BYOB policy that stands against the best. Bring your own beer or wine for a corking fee $5 for wine and $2 for beer I think, but I'd suggest consulting their website for these specifics. With 12 or so 4 top tables, a high top bar-esq seating that fits 10 or so along the back of he room and some random chairs lined up along the edges of the venue, I'd say this place comfortably sits 75 or so. Checking out the neighbors you'll see people who brought pick nick baskets and coolers with them and have made a night of it. A perfect way to dine on cheese and meats, sip a little vino all while listening to some classy jazz. I'm definitely gonna stop and get a to go order next time from my favorite hot dog joint next door for my dining pleasure.Concerned about you're attire? Don't be, downtown is Phoenix chic! Put on your nicest shorts, summer dress, jeans, sandals and a clean shirt and you'll fit right in. If you feel like getting dolled up, business casual also works here, but I've never seen any one in a ball gown or tuxedo here ;-)If you've remained misinformed this whole time about Phoenix culture, well, consider yourself informed. One of my favorite spots to listen to some live jazz, bring your pals, bring your gals, you'll have an enjoyable evening!Happy yelping Phoenix, I'll see you at the Nash!!
5	BYOB. Check the website for the beer/wine policy and then come and enjoy! Love that we have this intimate jazz club in downtown Phoenix, and they're all about inviting novices along with the jazz aficionados. No pretensions here - just good music in a comfortable setting.
4	I came here after a suggestion from a few folks at Magnums. Curious to see the jazz element in town, I showed up and loved it.  It was a bit strange coming in, I entered and there were a few older gents hanging around the curtain which seperates the entry from the lounge. I could hear the music playing and knew I wanted to see what was happening inside.  I didn't know where to go to pay and one of the old gents came to me and asked "Are you here to see the show?".  I barely understood him because he was speaking in hushed tones.  He directed me to a table to pay the cover, of which I did happily.I went in and there was a group playing on the stage.  They were very talented and I liked the vibe of the place.  It's the kind of place I'd take a date for an informal sophisticated evening.  BOYB if you want something to drink, but very high quality music.  If it weren't for the mouthbreather next to me or the lack of a date, I probably would have stayed longer.  It was a good night and it's worth a check out if you enjoy calm deep music.
4	My GF and I have been wanting to see what The Nash was all about. We were fortunate enough to be able to check out the Nash at a Yelp Event and we couldn't have been more excited about a great little jazz venue for us. Not sure if Holly Pyle plays there often, but her band was awesome. Turning today's music into jazz was something I haven't heard before. Very Cool! The Nash will be a must for us next time we are down for a First Friday! Just make sure you pack some snacks and liquids, in my case booze! Thanks again for a great time!
4	We came to the Nash for the Yelp's 10th year b-day Elite Party in Phoenix.  I love live music and jazz is one of my favorites.  It is a small little scene, and I am not sure how much the traffic is under most nights.  I would try to call to make reservations or find out information before hand before showing up blindly to a night of fun.  I would come back here for a regular night to enjoy music in an intimate setting.
5	great evening of jazz with Beth Liederman and Sherry Roberson--doesn't get much better than that.
4	The music tonight is very much to my taste, very traditional . Be sure you check who's playing before you come. A nice venue, intimate with good acoustics. The people working are mostly volunteers and a bit disorganized, but very nice. The bathrooms are clean and well stocked. The biggest negative is the absence of food service. We planned ahead and brought a picnic. They don't even serve coffee. How can you listen to jazz without coffee? The Nash is certainly the place in Phoenix to go for just jazz.
4	Probably overall the best live music venue in Phoenix.  Jazz and blues. I love 'em and the place is pretty consistent.  Good place for a good time!
4	Very nice and well run concert venue. Very small and like the size of a High School gym. There is a balcony that offers a great view of the stage and a well stocked if not expensive bar in the back. Since the place is small the sound was great from wherever I stood.
