5	They really helped me out in a situation.  I was pissed that the hotels on the strip is charging $5 for 5 minutes for internet use and $1 per page for printing.I called Fedex Kinko's on hughes and they gave me excellent customer service by telling everything I need to know and do in order to get my document printed online by it's deadline.It costs me a total of $2.49 as opposed to starting at $28 at the Luxor. SWEET!  Since this location is kind of on the way where I need to go, I'll have the cabby make a quick pit stop to the fedex kinko's place on the way.
5	When I needed to print out the directions and info for Beneath the Surface Tattoo's Fedex Kinko's you were there.  Fast connection, up to date computers, excellent printers. This is the Executives Fedex Kinko's. My hotel business center let me down.When I needed to ship all of the magazines, clothing and books home from my Sin City Adventure, oh Fedex Kinko's you were there. The Ground Rate worked best for the weight I was sending. I was so happy I did not try to transport all my "work" back through McCarren Airport. Imagine the checked luggage rate I would have to pay.This is now how I solve the predicament of shopping on vacation and needing to get your goods home. Perhaps you are in Vegas for a tradeshow. Wouldn't you like to ship that convention swag home and free up your carry-on?
4	Open late hours. They come through in time of need. There is a Starbuck's next door open late hours as well.
4	With a willful younger sister, it was only inevitable that my family would need to send half her wardrobe up to her after her last visit. Luckily, FedEx is surprisingly cheap when you need to ship clothes by ground. For something like a dollar per pound, you will not experience a huge hit to your pocketbook. Save your money by going to a local grocery store to pick up a box, pack it at home, and send it through them. If you use their box and filler, you are looking to add another five to ten dollars to your bill. By doing this method, we sent an eighteen pound package to Seattle for less than twenty dollars. The best part was the box only took four or five days to get there. If you are not in an urgent rush to get the items there then this is the best option.The employees look apathetic and aloof, but they are helpful when it counts.
5	Great Customer Service. After failed attempts at using the Self Service Fax machine because it rejected my debit card. The Attendant behind the counter was more than happy to assist me and fax it for me. Numerous employees checked on me while i was waiting to pay. The only drawback. DAMN YOU STARBUCKS. There is one next door and the smell of all its coffee goodness comes into Kinkos lol. Great location and great parking.
4	This store is located in between Bahama Breeze and Gordon Biersch, and right next to Starbucks, facing Paradise. If you're familiar with this area, there are several ways into and out of this place.If we can't drop off packages at the fed ex- express dropbox nearby, due to a missed deadline (4 pm) or the size of the package can't be placed into the dropbox (too large), this is where we go to drop it off (it's usually the runner/concierge, me, or another member of the office team)- the deadline here is 5:45 pm. If it can fit, just place the envelope into the dropbox located near the entrance (all the shipping supplies are located in the general vicinity here). If it can't fit, get in line to drop it off with a rep. It's ready to go, because I prepare the shipping labels online with our account. This location is convenient for me, since it's on the way home. Express, Ground, Package supplies available, Packing services, FedEx Return System, Location accepts cash, Saturday service , and SonyPicture Station Direct Mail Services. Open 24 hours, 7 days a week. Latest Express drop-off is:  Mon- Fri 5:45 PM, Sat 3:30 PM, Sun No Pickup. Latest Ground drop-off is: Mon- Fri 6:00 PM, Sat/Sun No Pickup.Super Convenient.
5	This is a terrific place to patronize, especially if you wish to get your photocopying needs taken care of during the "WHEE!" hours of the morning.One reason I keep going back there, is because of Alexandria M., a most helpful and knowledgeable cashier who answers all my questions and helps me with my projects.That reflects favorably on the store manager, because good managers produce good subordinates.The best thing about going there at 3 AM (as I am sometimes known to do) is that you can always find a convenient parking spot and you don't have to wait in line (nor long) for someone to assist you.
1	If I were Shawn J, I would put this on my "Jackassery" list. But, since I do not have a list of that kind of awesomess, I will just present you with one of my typical profanity filled rants.This is that 24 hour location located in that sh!thole area near Hamada of Japan and Residence Inn. If it isn't bad enough that the lines here are extremely long in mornings due to procrastinating UNLV students, the workers here are your typical lazy incompetent Las Vegas welfare recipients who hate their jobs and hate their lives. The only reason these lazy degenerates show up to work is because they need money to feed their gambling and drug addictions. Every morning, when they are riding the bus or their moped to work, the only things on their minds are: "Customers suck", "Work sucks" and "crack" What I absolutely hate about every damn FedEx print center is that the self serve computers are always broken. You put your credit card in, and it doesn't accept it. If the machine does accept your card, there is always a feature on the computer that is f*cked up and absolutely won't work. The thing I hate the most is when the motherf*cking computers freeze up, and they continue to charge your card for the minutes. This location, which i will nickname: "The Hamada of Fedex", is the worst when it comes to broken computers that charge you per minute even though the computer is frozen. So tell me, why are your motherf*cking computers all from the 1990s? I swear to f*cking Gawd, I won't be surprised if I see an "Apple Lisa" in the computer lab. And I won't be surprised if the computers were running on DOS or Xenix. Hell, I won't be surprised if next time I come in here I have to type in those stupid Dos Commands during the 1980s style boot sequence. Hey, why the f*ck are all of the self serve copy machines also broken? Isn't there anything in this sh!thole that actually works? There literally was only one copy machine that was working and all the customers were forming a line infront of that one. It didn't help that the processing time that the obsolete & out-of-date machines have is like 2 minutes per document.The workers are lazy and wanted to charge me a "labor fee" of $10 to help me. I know that's bullsh!t because they NEVER charged me a labor fee at the FedEx in Centennial and the one on Craig. I asked both managers at the FedEx in Centennial today about this "labor fee" and they both told me that the workers here at "Hamada of Fedex" were just trying to f*ck with me to avoid doing any extra work. The worst thing is that these incompetent uneducated high school drop outs get paid around $14 an hour to work at these 24 hour Fedex places. Isn't that f*cking nuts!!! These guys don't do sh!t at their jobs, they don't even deserve to make min-wage. If I were the boss over here, I would pay these punks in either pieces of copper wire, aluminum cans, or half a McDouble. These guys don't do any work that deserves anything more than that!Here is a personal message for  Dr.Thaddeus Cornelius Fedex, or whoever the f*ck it is who owns this company: Get out of the f*cking 1980s and buy some equipment that was at least made 2001 and up, you cheap motherf*cker you!UPDATE 10/23/12- I had no choice but to come back here on account of my central office being located so close.  The guys working here figured out who I am and refused to service me. They told me to go to another FedEx location. BTW, most the copy and print machines were still out of order.
1	If you are counting on timely/professional service do not go here. Completely dis-courteous on the phone, placing me on hold over and over again.
4	I had a last minute project that had be submitted ASAP - architectural drawing - Love the fact they were open 24 hours and I submitted and had it back in 5 hours on a Sunday!!Great service!Olga
2	Having ventured her from my normal FedEx location, I am thankful that this is not my go to location.   I'll start with the time I needed a bigger box.  I knew I needed to buy the box because it was a size bigger than the express boxes.   I forgot my packing tape at home, so I picked up another roll.  I put my box together and packed it for shipping.  I had a bit of extra room and asked how much it would cost for some packing paper.  I was told $3.  That's fine but the I was told that she needed to pack the box.  Okay.  So she did.  When It came to processing the transaction I was charged for packing the box  at $7.99.  I questioned the transaction and was given no real answer and I was in a hurry to make an appt.  so I let it be, shame on me...had I know that she was going to charge me for packing the box, I wouldn't have opened the roll of tape, I have plenty at home.  OYE! Another time I came in to make a single copy.  There was an employee using one of the machines, not sure if they were having printer issues or what.  So I waited, when she ran to the printing area I asked f she was finished and nope she wasn't. One of the other public copiers were out of order and a lady was using the other copier.  Not my favorite location but it's going to be used on a as needed basis.
3	Pros: 24 hour service, working machines, adjacent to a StarbucksCons: lacking customer serviceI have used this facility a number of times and will continue to do so when I have an emergency and I need last minute office services at an odd hour.  Two stars for being open 24 hours. Another star for having technology that is in working condition. But the service is confusing. The people are nice enough. They will answer your questions and refill the machines, but this is not the place to come and expect prompt treatment. They are in the Howard Hughes Center so one would think that they have stronger customer service than at other facilities in town. That is not the case. I came in for copies early one morning and waited for 10 minutes to be helped. Anyone at a copy store before 7:00 likely has an emergency job. So I am sure that everyone there (3 of us in total) was on a serious time crunch. Once rep was helping a gentlemen with a project and the other was dealing with a phone order. And both acknowledged me while I waited at the counter. But projects and special orders can take quite a while. As can extended questions about procedure or how to use a piece of software or technology. If I want to pay for goods or ask a quick question (I wanted both), I should have been accommodated. I've often found the machines to be low on paper and you then have to wait for a service rep to help another guest with a project before getting a paper refill. The person in the process of spending money should be serviced as quickly as possible.  Tension: I understand this facility has to accommodate both "high" and "low" end clients because of its location and hours of operation. And I could sense an effort to provide strong service (being acknowledged, the gentleman cleaning up was VERY professional), but there is still a ways to go. A space like this must juggle the needs of its helpless technology users (and every customer in the place seems to be utterly confused about technology) and the needs of paying customers ready to spend money and leave the premises.
2	Don't even bother with anyone else, go straight to Cassandra. Someone else helped me out, and he didn't know how to do apparently anything. I had to reprint something, and Cassandra helped me out and was completely knowledgable in what I needed. She even asked if I needed crop marks, which the other guy didn't. The other people on the floor were not friendly at all, and in fact seemed irritated when I needed assistance. Go to Cassandra. Seriously. She rules. Everyone else was horrible at customer service and knowledge at printing.
5	Kory R. Literally saved us. Thanks to him our presentation is going to be great tomorrow. I cannot thank you enough Kory for managing other clients and us in relaxed fashion and total confidence. Thanks again! Receipt # 07410122190
2	It's kind of a miserable experience going to this FedEx facility.  It's so central to the strip that it always seems to be super jam packed.  Not enough staff to handle the demand.  I try to avoid having to go here.
