3	There are people in this world who worship of the shrine of IKEA.  It is safe to say that I am not one of them, and it is very unlikely that I will ever become one of them.  I'm more of a wham-bam-thank-you-ma'am shopper, and IKEA shopping just doesn't work for me.  I like to go in, get what I want, and IKEA doesn't work that way.We stopped in on something of a lark, and decided to grab a bite.  The IKEA Cafe was pretty cool.  I do like that you can get a bite to eat, and those Swedish Meatballs are pretty darn good.  Make sure you try the lingonberry sauce (something like cranberry sauce).  You might want to avoid the lunch crowd, though, at least until things calm down.  They were actually sending a shuttle between Verizon Wireless and the IKEA.  That's a long trip, and a ton of people.As to the store - staff is friendly, but once you start on the labyrinth, you can't stop.  So if you want something in the middle, you have to go all the way through.  Sure, if you know what bin you need, you can go right to it in the bottom level, but you have to get the bin from the upper level first.  It's really a bit of a pain.  Plan on spending all day browsing and you're set.  Go in, grab something and leave?  Unlikely that you'll be there less than a couple of hours, and that just isn't my cup of tea.  Or plate of meatballs.
3	Ikea is not just a store, as my fellow Yelper indicated. It is a phenomenon.Much has been written here and elsewhere about this international mega-chain which specializes in moderately-priced, well-designed contemporary modular (i.e.,assemble-it-yourself) furniture and home accessories. Ikea is exactly what it purports to be, so there is not much I can add to its description. As I write this post, 28 February 2009, I am having a hard time believing my first experience at the Charlotte location of this Scandinavian retail giant.  It opened only ten days ago, and apparently the circus-attraction atmosphere hasn't worn off yet. Picture this: today was wet, windy, and  foggy. It rained incessantly. Yet, when we approached the Ikea "campus" via North Tryon Street, there were blockaded traffic lanes, a half dozen patrol cars, and not less than a mile of bumper-to-bumper traffic waiting to get into the parking lot. Incredible. It was as if the economic crisis never happened. I was amazed.The giant store apparently has only one main entrance and exit, much like its big box cousins. That was particularly inconvenient on a day like today, where staying dry was a challenge. Once inside guests were funneled upstairs via escalator to begin their march around the massive showroom. Everyone was encouraged to grab a courtesy tape measure, pencil, and store map on which to make those all-important pre-purchase notations. The displays were massive, impressive, and incessant. I thought the furnished recreations of a living space that indicated its square footage an especially effective way to illustrate how Ikea furnishings, heavily oriented toward efficiency, work well in small, tight spaces. I had to chuckle ironically however, since many of the living spaces I've seen since moving to Charlotte are anything but small or tight, quite the contrary. But given the current economy, maybe more folks will be downsizing (I'm thinking of multiple-family McMansions with kids using closets as bedrooms- hee hee). At any rate, Ikea certainly knows how to present its information clearly and effectively, and I'm sure they'd gladly do McMansions as well as small urban spaces.My biggest beef with Ikea, however, is purely personal. For one thing, any store with arrows on the floor indicating the direction I should walk gives me the creeps, regardless of the crowd size. I don't enjoy being herded into a space and then being compelled to move through it in any direction except the one I choose. Second, I am just not a big fan of the whole box store shopping experience, where the sheer space and quantity of stuff outweighs my eye's ability to focus on detail. I feel certain, judging by the size of the crowd, that my opinion represents the minority, but that's just me. I will give Ikea props in the kitchen and bath design department, where the concept of modularity and space-consciousness works well. It also appears the Ikea staff are well-trained and prepared to help customers with both the design and planning in those areas. I am sure I will return to Ikea, if for no other reason than I'd like to spend more time trying to focus on the design aspect of its furnishings and accessories. But until the massive crowds and homeland security-like police presence calm down, I will continue to delay my next Ikea shopping experience. Today's tightly-controlled visit reminded me more of a trip to the Charlotte-Douglas International Airport than, say, my last outdoor concert where I saw Radiohead. I will follow the direction of the crowd-police for Radiohead, but not for kitchen cabinets. Not yet, anyway.
5	I was excited to see Ikea finally has a store in Charlotte, especially not too far away from where I live.  Wonderful!I was not an Ikea fan when I was in Hong Kong for their price and quality.  Now, I am a total fan after I move to the States.My first house in US is in Covina where there is an Ikea.  I did not go there that often.  One day, years ago, I stayed in a hotel next to Ikea, Virginia.  While I was jogging in the morning, I saw a line of seniors outside Ikea, later, I discovered they were waiting for the breakfast open.  I joined them and said, what a great marketing skill.  I walked around the store for a couple of hours and at once, my mind filled up with idea for my house.  Great!  Love it.As there is no Ikea in Charlotte, understandable, knowingly NC is a place for furniture, how would they let someone to invade their empire.  I wrote to ask if they would open a store here that I did not have to bring furniture from California, New Jersey or Philadephia or even from Toronto.  Now, they are here.  Do residents in Charlotte feel that it is a boost to economy as well.  You may not be a fan of their style, but definitely their opening help many residents here.  Think about that.  I'll talk about this on my show.
2	IKEA building one of their megastores in Charlotte is sort a tragicomic irony.  This area of the country used to be a hub for quality furniture, built with craftsmanship and designed to last long enough to pass down to your children.IKEA represents everything that furniture has become: sawdust and glue pressed into cold geometric shapes and coated with 3 choices of laminate.  It's not that I dislike modern furniture.  And I certainly have to commend IKEA's founders on a brilliant business model, ($37 for a full bedroom set?!  WOW!)  But in addition to the fact that a room filled with IKEA furniture resembles a screenshot from an 8bit video game, it's all completely disposable.  It's built to look cool until it falls out of style, and then disintegrate right as you're thinking about replacing it.  You always get what you pay for, and furniture is certainly no exception.  IKEA is cheap.  And inexpensive as well.
4	I will not be reviewing Ikea for its furniture at all. This is the fourth Ikea store I have visited (Pittsburgh PA, Schaumburg IL and Burbank CA) and they all have the same model: The upstairs is a large showroom with examples of their furniture set up in a multiple of configurations. The downstairs is a big showcase and shopping area where you can get everything from cutlery to flatware to pillows to drawer pulls. On a busy day, expect the winding route through both areas to take over an hour.Completely separate from all of that is the food. Ikea offers a cafeteria style line that starts with desserts (of course!!) and then cold plates of salmon and shrimp, then a hot bar of baked salmon and those wonderful Swedish meatballs as well as steamed vegetables and not-packet mashed potatoes. It's North Carolina, of course, so I was not completely surprised to see fried chicken fingers and french fries offered. And finally, a small salad bar. Condiments are offered including BBQ sauce  if you absolutely have to have it.My wife and I were hungry today, so we had a piece of the caramel cake with the meatballs and a piece of the salmon. Fountain sodas are available too, but don't miss the delicious lingonberry drink. Decaf coffee is there, but you have to hunt for it. There are a few signs up explaining why people should bus their own tables (to save money).All of the food and more is available from the mini-market downstairs, which is located next to the snack shop (50 cent all beef hot dogs!). It's amazing how many different ways you can process a piece of salmon or herring. If you can find a method these Swedes haven't discovered, more power to ya!Okay, I lied about not reviewing the furniture. I agree that it's not hand built heirloom quality stuff. It's inexpensive, maybe even cheap. But the stuff stands up pretty well. We have a pair of bedside drawers that we bought in 2001 and they are as good now as they were then, despite moving homes four times. I expect they will last at least another ten years. I think it's pretty good.If you're trying to outfit your house without spending a lot of money, or especially a dorm room or apartment, Ikea is the place to go. And grab a bite while you're there.
4	IKEA, like most stores excels at a few things and is subpar on other things.  To take advantage of what IKEA offers is to know what they do best, which is one of two things; provide cool/ stylish home furnishing & goods with a short useful life and  a few select basics  well made that can last a lifetime.Atmosphere - A maze with the smell of cinnamon to attract you to the end (like a mouse w/ cheese).  Industrial, bright yellow & blue, w/ attractive, middle to upper class home owners and college students.Selection - Modern furniture, lighting, kitchenware, linens, bathroom & bedroom ware, art and a kids section.What they do the best - I find their glassware to be inexpensive cool and of good quality.  I also have found quality lighting, kitchenware and metal bed frames.  Heck, I have a desk lamp and a bed frame that I purchased in 1998 @ the Pittsburgh IKEA that is still in use.What they do the worst - Some shelving and styles of dressers.  I purchased a dresser once that only lasted a year before the drawer bottoms bowed out.  I also had so-so results with an entertainment center.How to shop - You have to fully exam each item you purchase for durability in design and function.  If you have a sense of structure and quality build, you should be okay in your selection process.Overall - This IKEA is HUGE with some great deals.  I went today and got a quality glass soap dish $4 (something that Wal-Mart, Lowes and Target had, but was made from plastic and retailed for $6) a matching glass $2, a stainless steel toothbrush holder $6 and a cool food s-s strainer $9.  I am glad IKEA has finally arrived in the CLT even though IKEA must be Scandinavian for The Peoples Republic of China (see bottom of your purchase).
5	Ikea has some very good furniture and food! It is a great experience! You can spend all day there, as they have everything you need there. If you have kids, they have a daycare where you can drop them off while you shop. They also have a cafeteria style restaurant. The furniture will need assembly, but that's one way they keep prices down. Everything I have purchased from IKEA thus far has been a great buy.
5	I really love this place.  Not only so much to see about decor and furniture.  The cafeteria is great.  I love the afternoon tea special.  A piece of cake and coffee is less than $2.-  where else can we find?  I can sit down in an atmosphere with nobody bother.  Great!Yes, all Ikea in US are the same layout.  Even those in Hong Kong, China, Sweden as I travel have lots of similarity.But not all the stores carry the same things, just most of them.  I saw something in Charlotte, but I could not find in California.  I had to buy it here and brought it to LA.Some furniture are really having good prices and some are high ends.... so.  Everyone has a choice.  All department stores are the same way.I took many Charlotte friends including those who came from other States there for lunch, afternoon tea and we walked around.  Everyone said they love it.  We all love to do things ourselves.Besides, we have homes in different states, we also love to have changes once for a while.  These furnitures are the best.  I say to myself, no more life time furniture.  If I move, I do not have to worry about moving furniture or putting in storage any more.
5	I can't really give IKEA less than 5 stars because all of the furniture in my apartment, minus a couple pieces from Crate and Barrel, come from this amazing store. It's not amazing quality, but I mean what do you expect when you can get it so incredibly cheap!! IKEA is definitely made for apartments. Let's face it, if you had the money and a large house you wouldn't be in IKEA, but man if you have a small apartment, IKEA is the place for you!!! The reason for this is that their furniture is smaller, with clean lines. You can't have giant fluffy beds in a studio apartment, but you can have a MALM bed and it fits perfectly! Also as a tip, the lighting is super cheap and looks nice!! Lamps are way more expensive than I ever knew, and overhead lighting is as well. Definitely check out that section!
5	So, I am giving this IKEA five stars for the mere fact that they have a BABY NEEDS BATHROOM!!! For all you nursing moms out there, nothing is better than feeding your child in a dirty bathroom where people take a load off--right?? Well at IKEA in Charlotte, there is a specific Baby Bathroom upstairs that is: Private, has a leather couch, a table with toys (for older kids, a changing table, wall art, curtains, colored paint (not white) on the walls, mood lighting...Yes! finally! So why is this important?? With an infant, trying to shop, and feed, and diaper change, and burp...in a dirty bathroom--You my friend would freak out. Would you want to eat your meal in a dirty bathroom? Not me, and not my kids! So thanks Sweeds--your meatballs and Baby bathrooms are delicious! Oh, and for the store...my favorite part is the bedding department. I have a 20" mattress and no other sheets on the planet fit my California King as well as IKEA sheets. And they are quality! For a fitted sheet on a Cali King, it is only $13. I had Pottery Barn sheets before that always popped off (drive a woman mad!) Not to mention, PB Sheets are like $100. So quality and affordability--no doubt a winner with me. I am not totally into the European look for furniture, but the quality of the furniture is VERY good. I am more of a classic (enter Pottery Barn again) look. Oh, oh oh!! And for $1.50, you can get a hotdog and a drink, for $.50 you can get icecream! that is what I call a Bargin!!
5	cheap and awesome home decor, great food.
4	We needed a couple of new office chairs. But, I didn't want the kind with wheels on the chairs and thought, "Where can I get a cheap, decent chair?" Answer, "Ikea!" All that adds up to "Road Trip!!"We hopped in the car and three hours later we were making a lot of u-turns to finally get in to Ikea. It was a little confusing since we had already strayed off the beaten path to dine at Jack in the Box (sorry, but we like JIB and they don't have them in Raleigh!)Most everyone in Charlotte was there. The parking lot was packed! However, this store location really had an easier sense of movement from car to store to levels, everything just felt a bit easier. (I have been to the DC (nightmare one) and the Dallas one and they both felt more cramped, but maybe there were just more people there.We found our chairs, found some seat cushions, met a nice couple that recently moved here from LA and a lady that decided she didn't want her plant by the time she reached the checkouts. Moral here is people seemed friendly even though by the checkout times everyone did look a little worn out.Easy road trip from Raleigh. Back that same day in 2 1/2 hours. Cured my need for getting on the road. Good day!
3	Great googily moogily is this place scary!  I tried to treat my visit like I was going into any other store that I have ever been in, but I just walked around letting everyone believe that I knew what I was doing.I was half tempted to almost join one of the tour group type of packs that was being edu-mc-cated about the layout of the store as I walked in and casually rode the elevator to the second floor showroom.Do yourself a favor and do not watch the Michael Moore movie about Capitalism before you visit.  I think that contributed to the lightheadedness and nausea that I experienced as I tried to stay calm about making my way through the neverending showroom maze.And of course, the beds were at the total end of that maze.  The sales rep on the floor was extremely helpful and mapped out all the pieces that I was going to need for my new bed and where I could find them in the Stockroom.I walked through the rest of the store with controlled breathing and found a couple of the shortcuts incorporated into the layout.  I got my components loaded up on the odd little shopping cart that always wants to go sideways and made my way to checkout.There was the twine dispensers outside that they guy promised as there was no way I was going to be able to close the hatch on the MINI with a queen sized bed tucked inside.I always liked snap tight models and putting together my GI Joe vehicles as a kid, so assembly should be fun.Oh, and I do not believe in dining at the same place that can buy a designer toilet brush... that is just me.By the way, there is a great article on mentalfloss.com about how IKEA is either the worlds largest corporation or largest tax shelter... nobody knows...
5	Love the $ 1 ice cream when checking out.....found great deals!!!!
5	My 1st ever experience in an IKEA was at this particular location in Charlotte, NC. My wife and I had gone for a romantic weekender to the 'Queen City' when unannounced I decided to drop by this store. As a guy, I was already wary of such an enormous place full of knick-knacks and other (what I term) dust-collection things. But, as I stated, this was for my wife - not me. Once I entered I already had the feeling that this was a place unlike any shopping or home-improvement store I'd ever visited. The layout, directional arrows and overall set-up of the store was unbelievable. Walking through showrooms of home decor broken down into sectionals (bed, bath, dorm room, kitchen, etc.) was mind-boggling. What I thought would be a chore turned out to be a mystical walk through touching, feeling, sitting and overall sensory overload. Three hours later, on this initial visit, we loaded up our vehicle (which is, by the way, a Volvo V50 - is that a mere coincidence?) to the max and drove 2.5 hrs. home with our new purchases, just anticipating the joy of unwrapping and building our new furniture.Nonetheless, I'm a huge fan and we've now visited this location at least 3 times plus the Tampa location twice - all in less than one year ;)
5	I waited and waited paitently for IKEA to come to Charlotte and now it's here!  Pretty much grew up with an IKEA in my backyard (from Northern Virginia) so I was shocked when we moved down here and the closest IKEA was 5hrs away in Atlanta - or driving back to the roots for 7hrs.My suspicions are that the NC traditional furniture industry were not easy to convince in getting a new competitor in a tough market, but anyways - it's here!When you plan on going, make sure you wear comfortable shoes and be prepared for a lot of walking.  Of course you can always take your time since the showroom has plenty of spaces to lounge in, but I don't know if the store owners would take to kindly to finding customers sprawled out on their furniture for hours at a time.I'm definitely attracted to simple, clean lines and the store really caters to that.  The price is even better too.  Compared to some sleek, modern furniture stores in the area, IKEA has them beat.  The "do-it-yourself" mentality also is a great feature for those that like to use their hands since most of the furniture you buy here has to be put together/assembled by you.  It makes for easy transport in the car... and moving too since you can break down the furniture neatly (granted that there wasn't any gluing involved).Their cafeteria/restaurant offers some simple menu items, but the price also carries into the food!  I don't know how they are able to do it, but I will keep enjoying all the Swedish meatballs w/ mashed potatoes and lingonberry sauce that my heart desires.
4	What can we say, we love IKEA! From the babysitter option to the room layouts, and the IKEA cafeteria.It's all great.
4	I like IKEA but I think if I didn't have my very own Billy, I might not be such a fan of putting everything together myself. But alas, I do have my very own Billy so sheeeez. I'm covered.IKEA is like walking into a foreign land, you don't know where to go first. You find many things you love at an affordable price. The absolute best feature are the rooms that say what the square footage is and you can walk into these "apts." and really get a feel for how much space it would take up. But since we live in Charlotte, we can buy buy buy and not worry about space, because we all have McMansions. LOL.One thing that totally pisses me off about IKEA are the dang signs, all signs lead to the cafe but they have you walking through a maze of every show room. It's like a fun house that isn't very much fun. Make sure you see the short cuts through the shiny metal doors. IKEA also has great housewares. Glasses, storage containers, paper napkins, plates, even pots and pans, a great place to fill a brand new kitchen or pick up a few hostess gifts. I picked up a cast iron grill pan last visit that I LOVE!
4	As a lover of ABBA, Swedish meatballs and H&M, naturally I would fall in love with Ikea. Low prices, cute home accessories plus bright colors all over the place , cheap hot dogs, what's not to love?? I love Ikea but hate the power it has over people ---to lose all ability to walk, speak and behave normally. When I go to Ikea, I am on a mission. So that means if you're standing still in the middle of the maze that Ikea is, I will take you out. I don't want to lallygag around looking at every item-as much as I love Ikea-I want to get in and out of there! I'm a fan of their rugs, kitchen and bedroom accessories but havent had much luck with their furniture since you have to assemble it and Bob Vila, I am not. After a fail of a home improvement project concerning a bed frame I bought at Ikea (which is now being held together by duct tape since I can't figure out how to fix it since I didn't keep the Ikea tools to put the bed together), I definitely won't be buying furniture from IKEA ever again. If you go online and create a shopping list and select your local Ikea, it will tell you what bin or part of the store the item is in so you don't have to write everything down as you look. My most successful, less busy trips have been Sunday late-afternoons or weeknights. If you go on Saturday between 10A-5P, you're just asking for a death wish.
4	Ikea for President.Seriously, could you imagine if our government was as efficient, affordable and useful as Ikea? Between the faux wood and the real wood, Ikea offers so many options for your home in all price ranges. The help is 7 out of 10 times helpful, and Ikea provides you with almost everything you need (string to tie something to the roof of your car, big bags/cart/dollys, measuring tape, pencils and notepads).I'm a big fan personally of the Hemnes line (real wood!) and have purchased it for my master bedroom and living room, so far with excellent results. In the past I've done Malm (haven't we all?) and was pleased with the small investment and the years I got out of that set. Only downside to Ikea is the directions they give you to assemble stuff. No words! Just pictures, so make sure that you're well rested and have the patience of a saint when building the larger pieces (personally, I look to my gentleman friend to assemble everything - I throw things within 5 minutes).
4	I just write reviews on food and bars so this isn't about the stuff that they have.Swedish meatballs are always the bomb.  They hit the spot like no other.That's all I can say.Oh yeah, they could have gotten 5 stars if my buddy's salmon looked good, but it looked pretty awful and was entirely too small.dmo out.
4	I went to IKEA for bookshelves, and meatballs!The meatballs are just incredible...and who doesn't love a snack before shopping!!! I like to cook, and usually try to think of ways to duplicate recipes at home....but not with these meatballs. They are perfect. (yes, you want the lingonberries!!!)The furniture is affordable, and minimalist...stylish. I found bookcases that I want for my office, and some other things that are on the list for future purchases!!!
5	Love Ikea... With no knowledge of interior design, I keep walking in the store to get ideas, inspiration.  I need help.  I like to have HGTV to help but how???  So, I called Ikea & told them I really didn't where to start. I have the measurement of each room in my house since 2009 when Ikea opened in Charlotte.  Nothing has been improved but more boxes & shelves. Ten days ago, they gave me an appointment & showed me different options. I finally started. My home office looks good.  The furniture they recommend to me fits what I need. My friend gave me a hand to pick up furniture.  I simply treated him a $2 breakfast & he's so happy as he also found what he had been looking for.Their service is real nice and good.  I use Besta furniture.  Clear instructions & easy to assemble.  Very functional.  Looks durable as well.
5	I didn"t, but my friend found out that there is $0.50 a hotdog before you exit the store.  Haha!!!  I went there this morning to pick up another shelf.  He stopped me and said he wanted to buy me a lunch.  2 hotdog, a soda and chip for less than $2.-  Iol!!!!
4	Oh IKEA Why can't I ever leave your store without spending less than $100 in random items?! Your reasonable prices and maze of furniture provide a pleasant way to pass the time during the summer heat. The cafe full of yummy things to eat is a perfect way to reward myself for all the exercise I'm doing walking around your store as well. Your parking lot is spacious and your stuff is trendy. I just hate putting stuff together after I buy it though, thank god for having an interior designer handy who likes to put stuff together for me.
5	99 cents breakfast & 50 cents hot dogs. Make sure you check out the sale section. Be careful what you buy without knowing how you going to transported home. Love IKEA!
4	On my most recent trip, my mother and I joked that waiting behind the line for IKEA to officially open (the restaurant opens 30 minutes early and serves up a super cheap breakfast) was a faint reminder of impatiently standing behind the ropes at Disney World - and then the "welcome to IKEA" announcement blared, and there was a bit of a stampede (really??) and it was oddly too familiar. (If I have to go on a Saturday, I'm going at opening - which is a doable 10am)There are multiple ways to approach the vast building, one way being how most people shop - winding through the maze of the showroom upstairs, penciling in each aisle and bin number of an item that strikes their fancy, then eventually making it down the stairs to the exit maze of the market - picking up fixtures, glassware, textiles, you name it - and then reaching the warehouse of boxes to retrieve their larger particleboard items. (Also a great way to test out some products - slam a few cabinet doors, jump on a few beds, or just take a post meatball and mashed potatoes nap.)If you already have most of your furniture at home, and you're looking for more of the home accessories side only (and maybe you've already browsed online) you can do a quick loop through the restaurant or through the children's department upstairs and head straight down the stairs into the market. If you do end up needing furniture, but already know what you want/don't need to look at it in person, there are computers located at the beginning of the warehouse portion that will let you search for your item and its location amongst the sky high cardboard. Whichever way you approach it, you'll always end up waiting in the same lines to check out. Some days it's a breeze, some days they only have two cashiers working and fifteen people with three carts each in line. Most days the self service checkout is open, but not always. Overall, you can leave IKEA with fairly inexpensive furniture and accessories - some which will last through a few moves, and some which may collapse mid relocation to the other side of the room. I agree with Eric D's list of what works and what doesn't - so no need to repeat it. (I no longer purchase IKEA couches, bedframes, or dressers - but I trust them with most everything else)
5	How lucky are we to have this shopping Mecca?!Parking is in abundance. Displays are neat & inviting. I think the staff is amazing. They're always so friendly & helpful.
5	Very different shopping concept than anywhere else.  Very kid friendly! Free babysitting/play area   and lots of random play areas in store too. People travel far to shop here.  my 2 favs are their lamps and art.  I would need at least a whole day if I was picking out a big ticket item. So many ways to customize so  I see why lots of people eat here. The cafeteria is huge too. I got the famous swedish meatballs with lingonberry sauce(swedish owned co.)  Different but not my thing. other food options were chicken salad,spinach crepes,panini,soups,etc   the food was just as affordable as the store items.  A haven for the logical buyer :)
4	When I was in college, my apartment was totally IKEA...and while it was minimalistic and stylish, ask me what furniture survived over the years, and I can honestly say none of it!  But I'm not going to hold it against IKEA, since you get what you pay for.  Cheap but looking darn good. More so than the furniture, I'm writing this review about the FOOD! Keep in mind,  I'm fully aware the food in their cafe is mainly frozen (just look downstairs at their marketplace) but I can't help but love it!Served cafeteria style, nothing's better than a cheap plate of Swedish meatballs, mashed potatoes and lingonberry sauce? Oh, maybe the cold shrimp sandwich with hard boiled eggs and dill.  I can't help it, something about the way it's presented, and how cheap it is makes me happy.  The marketplace downstairs has yummy $1 cinnamon buns, 50 cent hot dogs and quickie snacks.  I recently bought some Arctic Bread (delicious when revived in the microwave) and crab spread in a tube.  My favorite midnight snack. It's like when you have a craving for Totino's Pizza Rolls...even though they're far, far, far away from gourmet. You just gotta have it.
4	You may think you are a fast shopper, even with a list, but you will not get out of here in less than 30 minutes...ever, even speed walking. Part of it is because this place is huge! The other part is because there are always tons of people here. You can really kill a couple birds with the same stone: burn calories and pick up household items.Whenever I go it reminds me of an amusement park. As soon as you enter you have employees greeting you, directing you to various sections, a place to drop the kids off or to get special kid carts, and even formed lines with a lot of people winding around the roped off areas. They even have a huge cafeteria with a section to put your carts. The food is pretty good and inexpensive. Just enough to eat to give you fuel to keep on shopping.The products are great, but take time to put together. I have an entire drawer of alan wrenches...everything they make comes with those things. You can find great, affordable deals. However, beware it adds up very quickly. Consider renting a U-haul, many people do and you'll be in great company. Go, make a day of it!
2	IKEA   well  what would you go here for if you did not want to buy something? Rows and rows of stuff . Ok so you look at stuff looks kind of cheap to me at least the Kitchen items pots pans etc . Lots of furniture mostly it seems made out of pressed saw dust . I did see a few tables that were of real WOOD  .          One thing I can say there is a million people working here so you cannot but help but run into one of them. Sure they have the "stuff" in nice rooms nice right? But, how long will the stuff last? Yes its low cost but... saw dust is pretty cheap . They even sell "food" most brands I have never heard of or seen before ..             But they have lots of stuff...
4	I'd have to agree with a prior review done by Jimmy D.  You head into IKEA and walk out with the most random collection of things.  Personally, I've never made any big furniture purchases here.  I'm not into the super, super modern look and once you buy a piece, I feel like you are locked into getting the accessories there.  The bold colors and patters can be hard to match up elsewhere!  That being said, I've bought kitchen supplies, light fixtures, frames, vases, candles and more RANDOM stuff :)  It's also just kinda fun to walk around!This location in particular always has a bunch of staff around to help you.  They also have a yummy snack bar near the checkout that has delicious Cinnamon buns and frozen yogurt for only $1!  Parking isn't an issue but if you head there on the weekends you might end up far from the entrance!
5	LOVE ikea,   make sure you try the swedish meatballs at the cafe or be sure to pick up a bag of them to take home in the frozen food section!!
2	This was my first time to the vaunted IKEA but I knew what to expect: huge store, great prices, the type of place you expect to spend a decent amount of time at.I loved the items and prices, but knock them way, way down on service. The woman two spots ahead of me in line to pay had a credit card application. The cashier sent her off somewhere else to submit the app, proceeded to ring up her stuff and then just stood there, as did everyone else in line. As I stood there I looked longingly at the other lines that were at least slowly moving, but line jumping was not a good option.After standing there for about fifteen minutes someone who seemed to be in charge came over and asked the cashier what had happened. She told the cashier to always ask if they have the credit card app before she starts to ring them up, especially on a busy day like Saturday. Then the manager/floor leader person just left.REALLY!?!?! That's it? You don't want to instruct the cashier to void that transaction (or suspend it or whatever you do at IKEA) and ring up the other customers who are all just standing their fuming?With no exaggeration I stood there for 30 minutes. Staring at the cashier who did nothing. She may have been new so I'll give her a pass but somebody should have done something to get that line moving.Eventually the lady came back with her new IKEA card and paid, then the line moved along at a pretty good rate. The cashier did ask me if I had a credit card app, she did not apologize for the wait.
4	Don't skip the restaurant! Ikea is so much more than flat pack furniture!I came up here early one morning and made a stop for coffee and some great Swedish pancakes with lingonberry sauce (a bit like cranberries, just not as tart) while I went through my mental list of the stuff I needed for my new Charlotte apartment. Once that was done, it was off for a wander through the furniture showrooms (yep, I'll have one of those and one of those and one of those that probably won't fit in the car) and then the smaller kitchen and housewares showroom areas.When it was time to start picking my furniture from the warehouse, I'd picked up a dozen little things, several of which I had no idea that I needed, but dang it, I really do need that! Pulling a futon bed and mattress onto the flat trolley and out to the register to pay for it.Ikea offers a 1% coupon when you use your debit card to make the purchase. And they'll sort of help you load stuff into your car, they're just not allowed to do the tying down. Fortunately, the futon mattress fit once I put the seats down and I guess I can still drive with it poking me in the kidney.A couple of tips: Have a list. Arrive early. Be patient. And don't skip the restaurant or the food shop at the end. You have no idea how many different ways there are to smoke and can and bottle different fish!
4	You have to wear a patience hat when you visit Ikea on the weekend.  That said, with your special hat, you are sure to have an enjoyabe experience, even if you don't purchase any furniture.  However, you might find that little something that is a must have for your humble abode.  When your feet are tired and you are ready for a nap, grab a $1 frozen yogurt on a cone or in a cup - it is sure to top off your visit!
4	I've been to IKEA a few times but the $25 coupon incentive brought my boyfriend and I there yesterday to pick up a few things.We started with some food naturally because I'll admit I've never had a Swedish meatball before. We went with the meal for $5.99 with mashed potatoes, lingonberry, a drink and side-salad. We also ordered a mozzarella and roasted red pepper panini to share. This was more than enough food for the both of us. I will say we both loved the panini and the meatballs were just ok - I am not sure if it was more of a novelty thing. I also picked up some chocolate which was good but I think Trader Joe's honestly tastes better. I will say if you get a chance to try the lingonberry juice it is really good. Just a note, they have free breakfast one day a week and a ton of inexpensive deals. The food overall wasn't bad and was dirt cheap.The store itself is HUGE. Go through the maze - devote a few hours. The quality is based on price so remember that - but it makes it perfect for college students, or people who want to do a little non-committal decorating.
4	This mammoth furniture/homegoods store can be daunting... and you can waste away hours on end in here looking at everything from door knobs to silverware to silverware to lights. **ADVICE-print out a list FIRST, you can do so at www.ikea.com! AND you don't have to go through the showroom/display room first either, you can skip ahead to the "meat" of the store if you just go to the left and/or downstairs from the cafeteria (they have really good food! and it's CHEAP!). Also-when you go to write the numbers down off the item you want on your list IN STORE-use the numbers that look like an IP address (example: 201.846.47) and write down the isle and bin numbers... you have to find your items in the warehouse portion before checkout and this makes your life so much easier!!!We found some unbelievably good deals and the instructions are so easy to follow to put your new furniture/accessories together! Can't wait to go back and check out their holiday decorations! Love this place!
4	Stooopp! I can't take the endless maze of contemporary Swedish design. LOL Plan on spending a morning, afternoon.. or well.. all day here. Make sure you bring your pickup truck - you'll need it I guarantee. Things to know before your IKEA adventure - bring a pen and paper to write down your bin number. You'll be pulling the item yourself. Bring help if you are a weakling who can't lift much. Know the short cuts - study the map when you get there. Decide if you really need to look around the maze of furnishing setup displays or if you can head right to the market for kitchen gadgets, rugs, lighting, etc. Understand the fact that if you have no clue how to assemble things, including how to screw in a light bulb - than this place is probably not for you. Understand your quality expectations. For the most part, this stuff is great college dorm stuff, unless you find solid wood, or you are in this market price point wise. Last but not least - save the cinnamon buns for until you are ready to leave. If you're on a budget and need to eat, you can get a couple of hot dogs downstairs near the checkout. However, if you want to go bold and throw those calories to the wind, head upstairs for the full fixin lunch course.
5	We've shopped three IKEA locations since our first ever visit in 2002.For us, IKEA is like an amusement park. We go to eat, walk around, see the sights, flop on the couches, roll on the mattresses, and generally have a good time.Sometimes we buy things.Lately we've been going just for the food. We usually eat in the cafeteria but a few times I've popped in just to share a hotdog/chips/soda combo with my daughter. And to grab a box of the oat crisps. Those heavenly round thins of delightful tongue tempters are my absolute favorite snack. Just the right amount of sweetness...I've eaten a whole box in a few hours.Yes, some of the IKEA furniture is cheap in the sense that it probably won't be able to be passed down to your grandchildren. But like anything else you own, if you take care with it, it will last longer. Thinking about our furnishings, we have at least 16 pieces from IKEA. My daughter's dressers, her Trofast storage frame, and our Leksvik buffet are the oldest. Aside from my daughter's scribbles, her Trofast looks as good now as it did when we bought it 7 or 8 years ago. I see it's selling for $90 but I believe it was less than $50 when we bought it.Our Leksvik buffet (bought in 2003/2004) is still in excellent shape as well.
4	50 cent hot dogs, delicious cinnamon buns, Swedish Meatballs......need I say more? Haha, on a serious note, Ikea is awesome. I'm glad that I don't live near it b/c I would probably stay broke. If you don't mind assembling furniture over a beer/glass (or bottle, depending on how complicated it is) of wine, you can find some really good stuff in here for a reasonable price. I also like their displays that they have around the store, showing how a 200, 300, and 500 square foot apartment could look. They make a small place look very liveable. Excellent place to go....I guess it's not perfect b/c it's always crowded and people don't know how to control their kids.....they're usually running all over the place. See you again soon Ikea!
5	MEATBALLS- they are so worth the hour roundtrip drive for me.  The price is cheap and the food quality is spectacular!  The cafeteria is clean, well lit, tastefully decorated, filled with character, and efficiently designed.  Ikea has a brilliant business plan and I am very impressed by the execution of their customer service in both the cafeteria and marketplace.  The workers are always eager to help with genuine smiles smeared on their faces.  This place is a shopping/eating play land!  Ikea takes care of your kids, saves the environment (by not providing plastic bags at checkout), and nurtures your creative side.Remember to bring your own bags for your purchased goods as well as try some of their infamous meatballs with cranberry sauce!
4	Going to Ikea for ribs?  Yes, I recommend them.  There's great chicken strips for kids and interesting desserts.  Go hungry, eat on the cheap & pick up a cinnamon roll on the way out.  Cinnamon rolls are no Cinnabon, but have probably less than 1/2 the fat.  Tasterific & oh, yeah, they sell furniture too.
4	My wife and I have been shopping Ikea for several years now and have been pleased with all of our purchases After pricing furniture at other stores, we have furnished our house and saved quite a bit of money in the past few years.Its really neat having furniture, rugs, food,ect from all over the world.After reading some of the reviews here on Yelp, I feel I must defend Ikea on a few points I feel are incorrect.Yes the place is MASSIVE. and can get very crowded on week-ends. If you don 't have the luxury of going on week day mornings as my wife and I do, just pack some patience, and you'll do fine.They have more styles available than ultra modern or college dorm room.All furniture we have bought has been REAL WOOD not "pressed saw dust" which I guess means particle board. I'm sure they do have some, but I think they have more real wood than particle board.We have never had a problem with missing parts or pieces.The sales staff has always been friendly and very helpful.Cheap and inexpensive are two different things. You save money here buy hauling it home and putting it together yourself. If you want to hire someone to deliver and put it together, you can.Will I be able to pass the furniture down to my granddaughter?? Probably not, but for the price I paid, If I get 10 years out of it, I'm a happy camper.Yes the instructions are pictures only, saves money not having to print 20 different languages, but anyone with a couple of brain cells firing can put this furniture together no problem.The company is from Sweden. If you have never lived in Sweden or are familar with Swedish products you would not recognize the brands of food for sale, just as someone from Sweden would not recognize Neese's or Cheerwine, but that doesn't mean the food is not good. (It is)!!. Whew! Ok, off the soap box now! As other have said, the cafe is filled with good food at very reasonable prices, so if you go, the cafe is a must stop. They have daily specials and some killer desserts.Well, that my take on Ikea. It may be for you, or maybe not. But as far as my wife and I are concerned, We'll be shopping here for years to come.
5	Oh, IKEA. I could go on about IKEA, rapturously, for paragraphs and paragraphs, but I'll restrain myself. I'm sure it's all been said. Instead, a love letter based on my most recent experience. Dear IKEA. How I love your drop-off play area. My children are already begging to return. They just can't wait to get that sixth sticker on their card so they earn a free frozen yogurt. My meatballs were delicious and my mashed potatoes piping hot. I'm actually a little sad that even the smaller portion left me stuffed, because I really wanted to steal a bite of my mom's panini. I know some people hate on the construction of your products, but I will always love your Billy bookshelves. Can I just move into the Billy display library, actually? It's basically my dream home, summed into one room. No? Well, I'll just assemble my own collection one piece at a time. How nice to know that it'll still be available when I'm ready/able to buy more, as you've been selling the Billy for over 30 years. I'm pretty sure a cheaply-made, disappointing product wouldn't have that kind of fan base. Oh, and by the way, I was right. That $3 frying pan DOES make a fantastic grilled cheese sandwich. Until next time IKEA.. with love.
5	awesome place! join Ikea Family.delicious food - meatballs with lignonberry sauce & the chocolate cake.everything you can imagine buying for your house. and for cheap.I could stay all day.Actually 1 star for the mean lady in the SmallLand kids club who wouldn't let my pottytrained almost-3-yr old in who was EXACTLY as tall as the height requirement. She was not even apologetic or comforting when his big brother got to go in  & play & he was denied & SO SO SO sad.
3	IKEA is alright but not all it's cracked up to be.  While I love the ideas for space saving, most of the furniture isn't Swedish.  Much of it is actually the same cheap "Made in China" stuff that Walmart sells.  Most of it did not look very durable.  People rave about the restaurant in there, but iceberg salad and spinach crepes that have been sitting in a warmer for who knows how long aren't even as good as hopsital food is these days.  The whole way to shop is a pain too.  See what you want and write it down while wandering this monstrosity?  If they can be so efficient with designs of rooms, why can't they make they building more efficient?  It really is ironic when you think about it.  I'd go to Ikea again, but I'm not in a rush to do so.
5	It seems like much of the retail in the University area has been getting the heck out of dodge, so it's nice to have this store. By far the coolest store in the University area since World Market closed. It's not perfect by any means, some of the quality is rather flimsy. One of the $2.99 cutting boards I bought the other day has already warped in the dishwasher. It's still usable; as thin as it was I should have known. But I go through cutting boards all the time so no biggie. The quality of other items are more than reasonable, especially for the money. Just love the general 60's European aesthetic and the retro looking graphic prints on many of the items. There's a lot of turnover of merchandise, and new items are added all the time. This means that if you see something grab it! Once it's gone, it's gone. Still lamenting not picking up the most perfect alarm clock with a space age bachelor pad style. There's this red sofa with polka dots that I must have, but not sure what my husband will be thrilled about. Doesn't red & polka dots do with everything?The food isn't bad for cafeteria food; it's all cheap too. A couple of times a year they offer special buffets; have yet to partake of one but plan to eventually. There's always the mammoth sized store to walk through and burn off what you ate.
5	If i could move into Ikea I would be a very happy girl!! Plus it would eliminate having to put all of the furniture together!! I can honestly say that a majority of my furniture is from here and I LOVE it!! My latest purchases being my new bedroom set and I think that they are FAB!!! My BF spent 6 hours putting these together, yes that's a while, but they make me smile every time i open them- not sure if its because I'm obsessed with them or because it took him that long!! If you go on the weekends be prepared for Rude and Pushy people and long lines but that's because they all want what they want!! I typically start my shopping experience by going in through the exit getting 2 hotdogs, drink, and chips for like $2 and sit down eat that and then start shopping- its really the only thing that helps me get through it!!Better idea though is to go in on weeknight at like 7 and NOBODY is there!!! It's the best time and you can take your time looking over everything!!
5	As an integral part of life here in the Uni area of the QC, IKEA just cannot go without a review. Flawless is a great word, though I think it would be a slight exaggeration when referring to hollowed out particle board furniture.IKEA is a great place for just going to kill some time gathering decorating ideas for that downtown apartment you hope you'll one day have. And then there's a cafeteria?! Wha-what!? Great food too!IKEA is one of the key joints I show to folks visiting me in Charlotte. It's sort of our pride because not many cities can boast of having such a place without the frustration of traffic surrounding it. I love the little spaces they call something like "living in 499 square feet". The lighting options are also a favorite of mine. I've bought plenty of lamps and furniture pieces here to name a few. The candles are cheap, smell great and burn right. Don't miss the As-Is section right before the registers! (Great for DIYers.) Round out your purchase with a delicious cinnamon roll after check out. As you leave you'll realize " holy crap where did the last 3 hours go?!"PS: Bring a large heavy duty bag or two if you plan to buy a lot of small stuff - there are no bags for free at eco-friendly IKEA. :)
5	Who is not a fan of IKEA? The food is good for the price you pay, the chocolate cake is delicious, even for a non-chocolate fan like me. The coffee is pretty decent and a good accompaniment to the desserts. I recommend the meatballs with the tasty lingonberry sauce and gravy. I could eat the lingonberry sauce by itself. Great price on the cinnamon buns, which are really tasty and the hot dogs pretty unbeatable at 50cents per. The furniture, well...great. It's a great place to browse with someone who's never been and I always bring friends here when they visit me. The stuff is really cheap and the quality is fair but varies. I would not recommend the down pillows and other down products. However, things like cheap glassware and kitchenware are pretty good for the price. I can't forget the $5 wok that we had at home. You can pretty much envision yourself living in IKEA.
5	I know there are a lot of Ikea haters.  And I'm super sorry, but I just LOVE Ikea.  And I realize that there are TONS of other places to buy better/more stylish/cuter furniture, but you know what?  I still love Ikea, and I'm not ashamed. And the "crappy" little desk I got for my apartment my sophomore year of college is STILL being put to good use in my house, so neener neener. When we go to Ikea, it's an EVENT.  We mosey on through, dream-building our perfect house, room by room.  Shopping at Ikea is an experience and not just a "go here, find something, get out" type of joint.  Hubby and I have re-decorated our house a thousand times in our mind, and each time we go there we get great ideas for our forever home.  It's just so much fun!  I love looking through the marketplace and finding really cool, really inexpensive gadgets and goodies. And the cafeteria is always the bomb!  Swedish meatballs, mmmmmmmmmmmm.  If you become a member of the Ikea Family, you get free tea or coffee every time you go, and special offers on different merchandise every month (it's free to sign up!).I love Ikea.  I love it.  It's my favorite.  Don't be a hater.
3	I love IKEA, I have visited locations in several countries, but I have to say Charlotte NC is the absolute worst location.The employees, when you can grab their attention, act as if they are doing you a favor by helping. They seemed very put off to help, almost angry to do so. Now, there were a couple of employees that I ran into that were pleasant, but they must be career IKEA employees.As I was leaving this store, I stopped by the snack bar, just to witness two women upset about their job, and talking smack. I asked one employee behind the bar if "IKEA treats them bad", she said "yes, sometimes". WTF? This place lacks professional help in just about every facet that I could see. It seems obvious to me that they must only pay the minimum wage to attract such dreadful help.Upon leaving, you couldn't find an employee to help with loading your car, with merchandise that weighs 3x what real wood furniture would weigh help is welcome and sought after. As I'm struggling to load a thousand dollars worth of IKEA furniture to the trunk of my car, I noticed two employees just joking around, who were placed outside to help others.Crap, the list goes on of the negative things that happened on my visit, but this is turning into a rant now.The positives of my visit, everything I wanted was in stock, and the food was pretty good upstairs... food court (downstairs) pizza was old. So two good things to note.I gave three stars only because it is still a cool place, with cool style furniture on the cheap. The bottom line is, THE SERVICE SUCKS, it's a lot of people who don't want to work and it shows in every way. RUDENESS at every turn. AND, do not leave the store until you have verified, at least three times, that you have every component of your purchase, or you are SCREWED! Just saying.
4	Love this place! Super inexpensive. Even the food is inexpensive. Great shopping experience. Only down fall is you have to put the furniture together. Which requires an MIT degree hahahah!!!
4	I'm a fan of IKEA. I was there on grand opening day. Half my house is IKEA.It's inexpensive and decent quality furniture. And I'm generally okay with assembling my own stuff to save money (generally...things with doors are not my friend).From a marketing standpoint, they are a brilliant company. The branding, the store layout (and intentional mazes through entire apartments in the showroom) - everything you see is intentional.  Plus, it's just a fun place to kill an afternoon. It does get crazy crowded, however, so be ready for lots of people and long lines is you buy anything.Until I'm done moving around and ready to buy some nice oak and cherry pieces, IKEA has given me a house full of great looking furniture without having to file bankruptcy.  Glad they're in Charlotte!
4	Hmm....What's a great way to kill some time on a rainy day? Maybe buy a few $1 beer mugs and score two hot dogs and a drink for a $1 as well? Maybe throw in a cinnamon roll and test out a few kitchen sets, loveseats/couches and office chairs and even check out window treatments you didn't know you wanted/needed...? Ah, yes! IKEA is the ticket! This Swedish goldmine is less of a store and more of an amusement park with amazingly cheap food and entertainment. My wife and I venture in on multiple occasions (most of which are rainy days, so this is our rainy day spot) with a goal of only spending around $20-$50. What's great about IKEA is that $20 actually stretches REALLY far. We've walked out with five picture frames, beer mugs and few kitchen-y items and still had some money left for pizza, hot dogs (for me) and a cinnamon roll! WHAT?! Eat your heart out, other gigantic furniture stores. If you have kiddos, there's a magical playland on the first floor. Seems like kids are deliriously happy while their parents are shopping. Drop off the little ones while you search for that perfect desk/sofa/kitchen/bed!My only gripe with this location is the lines. There are about 25 different lanes and probably over 50 registers. On busy days, only about half are open and the lines tend to back up. We've waited for over half an hour just to check out! I mean....being that close to the cinnamon rolls and you're just out of reach because of the immense lines...I think having a few more staff members on the floor would alleviate these bottlenecks. IKEA, I love you. Thanks for the great housewares and other accoutrement in our lives! Cheers!
4	What's not to like at IKEA?  OK, the parking lot.  Other than that, it's a great place to stroll through, get some ideas and possibly explore your inner interior decorator self.  It has a great layout and the products are very unique in and of them self.  That being said, understand that the store sells to thousands of people so don't expect uniqueness but do expect decent quality and creative items.The food is something not to miss either.  From ribs, to mozzarella, tomato, basil pannini and Swedish meatballs.  There's something here for everyone and it's CHEAP!!
5	I love Ikea. Although the parking lot can be a little scary - GEEEZ SO BIG - it is a shame if you let it scare you off. Ikea is filled with tons of goodies for a great price. You can find anything you are looking for! You can pick up a map when you first walk in so you know where to go if you are looking for something specific - but i like just wandering. THEY HAVE EVERYTHING. I've never had a piece of furniture break from ikea like others so I really have nothing to say on that.They do have a discount section right before check out - which you can occasionally find some good things with just a tiny scratch and get them for 50% off. Anytime I am in Charlotte - Ikea is a MUST.
2	Their quailty stinks.  I paid $50 for a lamp and the switch broke 5 months later.  When you call, they say that they won't take it back after 90 days.  However, it you go to the store, they will give you a store credit.
5	Wow, is all I could say upon walking into Ikea. This place is crazy! Shopping here is literally an event, you could make a whole day out of it if you wanted to. And with the cheap eats you could probably fit in all three meals of the day for under $10.   We got there right as it opened at 10am, and there was already a quarter of the parking lot filled. Granted, they do serve breakfast starting at 9:30, but for only being open a half hour, this place was poppin.When you walk in there is a staff to greet you, and hand you a big yellow bag for your smaller purchases. If you are getting something larger (entertainment center, desk, table, etc.) then you take the piece of paper located near several large items around the store, and fill out the aisle that you need, so that you can later find the item in the storage room. We were headed to Ikea with a purchase in mind, a new entertainment center since currently our TV sits on a coffee table. We ended up finding a few other things we could use, including matching nightstands (we are currently using the floor) and some more lamps so we can see in the apartment better.  I found some great decorations as well, and everything was SO CHEAP.  We are moving in August, and I have hopes that our new apartment will be much more furnished than our current one. Ikea was cheap, but the furniture seems to be of good quality.  I could have literally purchased over a dozen more things, but unfortunately we were restricted by the size of our car.Ikea literally has everything and anything you could ever want for your home, you just have to take the time to fish it out. Make sure when you go you have a lot of time for browsing.  They even show you full apartment layouts, and how you can turn a teeny tiny little apartment (one was even 270 sq. ft.) into a spacious living space.  Keep in mind though, everything comes in compact boxes and you need to put it together yourself. If you are not handy in any way, you may just want to stick to the smaller things (decorated, silverware, plates, toys, etc).  However if you aren't afraid of a little work then Ikea's products are definitely worth the price!
5	Ikea....an experience!I adore Ikea! There is nothing better to me than seeing a piece in it's functionality and how it will work in a room, hence, the showroom.When you go to Ikea, it is simply a MUST to enjoy the top floor showroom area. What I would have given to have had Ikea in NC when I got my first apartment. Not only are the items affordable but seeing Ikea's recommendations of how to decorate, supply, and organize a living space in 640 sq. feet is a miracle! It totally works and somehow I find myself wanting to go live in a space that small! Ikea can be intimidating in it's size and there being SO MUCH STUFF but it is well worth it! I always go to Ikea with a list of items that I am needing for the home and I always find it, while also finding MUCH MORE to leave with. The greatest part of Ikea is the price! There is a reason that you have to get your own furniture items and load your own cars/trucks/vans with your purchases...to save the costs of Ikea! This is a good thing because then the savings are passed along to you, the shopper!Do yourself a favor, plan a day! Go and spend a few hours upstairs in the showroom, have lunch in the cafe.... rest a bit, then venture downstairs to get all the stuff your heart desires! Ikea....an experience!
4	Not only a great place to shop for cool/cheap stuff, but it is a destination place as well with great food at low prices.  They watch your kids too while you shop.
5	I was so excited when ikea arrived in Charlotte. If you flipped through their catalog you can see that my whole place is furnished via ikea. Not only do I love the furniture but the Swedish Meatballs too! Num-num-num!
4	IKEA is a home good shoppers paradise. Massive store full of all types of fun things for your house. I wish I could just start over with my house and go crazy in IKEA. I like the different room setups and how they can make a tiny space feel open and comfortable. Everything is well priced and affordable here. The furniture is also fairly easy to put together.  The only downsides to IKEA are the long lines to check out (they need more people at the cash registers) and they don't always have everything you see in stock. That doesn't work when you don't live close to it to go back. While at IKEA I suggest having a bite to eat. The food is cheap and delicious. I have had the spaghetti and the Swedish meatballs and both were tasty. The meatballs were especially yummy. They sell them to take home as well and if I lived closer would have stocked up. IKEA is definitely the place to go of you are on a budget and need to furnish a home.
4	The first time I went to this IKEA I spent about $500.... the second time, I made it out for only $13. It takes hard work and restraint to spend less than $20, but I did it!IKEA is a standard stop on the road back to Raleigh from Charlotte. If you want, you can really spend the entire day there by having breakfast, lunch, and then an ice cream after the registers. If you have never been to an IKEA and like modern furniture/design, then plan to spend at least 4 hours. It's nearly impossible to spend less than an hour, because of the maze IKEA has created throughout the store (by design).Like nearly every other IKEA I've been to, the Charlotte one is well in the suburbs. It has one large parking lot, which is only a problem when you forgot where you parked, or it's an extremely hot day. Make sure to take note of the location of your car before you go shopping!My only complaint, which is a general complaint for IKEA stores, is that there is no connection between the showroom and the warehouse. On my first trip, I made it all the way to the warehouse only to find my table was out of stock. I would have liked to have known that in the showroom! Fortunately, there are delivery options and much cheaper third-party delivery options.IKEA is clean, affordable, and a lot of fun. I wish we had one in the Triangle.
3	great furniture at a fair price.  sensory overload.  avoid if you're a middle-aged male whom hates crowds, loud places and people whom seem to have no situational awareness.the meatballs are good.
5	A big wooden spool seized from a construction site for use as a coffee table, cinder blocks and plywood rigged to form bookcases, a mattress and box springs just sitting on the floor; I am Jack's pathetically inadequate furniture budget. This is what I imagine my apartment would look like without Ikea. Instead, thanks to affordable Swedish design and a little OCD, I've had guests who just met me wonder if I'm gay. As someone who's confident in his masculinity, I'll take that as a compliment. Thank you!"But the furniture is so cheap! It only lasts a couple years," I hear people say, as if that's a bad thing. If you're anything like me, you want to mix things up every couple years anyway. Sure, if you're looking to spend thousands for family heirlooms to pass down to your grandkids, you should go elsewhere. I'll take lightweight, environmentally friendly, and stylishly minimalist furniture over the much heavier, far more expensive and boring mumsy alternative any day. Others will argue that it's all so mass produced and corporate, as if the same couldn't be said of the clothes on their backs, the drink in their hands and virtually everything else they own. Unless you've got "job creator" money you can't afford to have everything made one of a kind just for you. Get over it and find some other way to express your individualism in this era of post-industrial consumerist ennui. Or remind yourself that you're not your f#cking khakis and stop defining yourself by your possessions.So Tyler Durden got it all wrong. It's Ikea's low prices and one might even say semi-disposable nature of the furniture that keeps you owning your possessions rather than your possessions owning you. How can it really be said something owns you that you are so easily able to replace?As for the store itself, what's not to like? Sure, it can get crowded on the weekends, around the holidays and back-to-school time. Any store that isn't crowded at those times is doing something very wrong. It's a great place to spend a lazy day. The sample apartments that get smaller and smaller as you go are reason enough to check out the store at least once. The cafeteria food is really cheap and pretty good. And finally, if you've miraculously managed to make it all the way through the store without buying anything, the fantastic $1 dollar cinnamon rolls you can't help but smell as you leave the store are a dirty trick to which you won't mind falling victim. And if the cinnamon rolls don't get you the $.50 hotdogs and $1 pizza slices surely will. You may want to turn around and take another lap or two of the store to burn off the calories.
2	Much better at selling cheap 3rd world made furniture than providing any decent level of customer service.
1	This location has poor customer service! They are rude and will not help you find what you need. Due to the remodel tons of things are out of stock even though it says they are in. Head to the Atlanta or D.C. location instead.
4	I finally made it here. I am now a proper IKEAN!Question: Does "IKEA" in Swedish means "We are a home furnishing company but you have to pay us $599 for parts of a computer desk so you can haul it back in your own car and put it together yourself" because if it is, I think this company is properly named. IKEA is like the Whole Foods for furnitures, and shower caddy.Have you seen "The Chronicles of Narnia?" Do you remember the wardrobe? I assume when you crawl inside that wardrobe you crawl out into IKEA on the other side. Because this place is phantasmic and magical, and I swear I saw a dragon in here last time, or maybe it was just poster from the kids bedroom section.I almost got lost the first time in here. Good thing for the constant signage and arrows on the floor. I'm good at following traffic! Do yourself a favor and research IKEA online before heading down to the store and weaving between the floor models and shelf aisles, because you will be bedazzled by all the cool things and lost track of what you really in here for. I still don't know why I need yet another bookcase when I don't even have books to put into.You can spend your entire day in here, actually if you really want to, you can spend the rest of your adult life in here. There's a cafeteria that provides breakfast, lunch, and dinner. There are beds and sofa and futon when you get tired. If you really need to, bathroom accessories are in aisle #28, I think.
4	HUGE place. have everything you could possibly need for furnishing a home/office/etc. plenty of employees always readily available and very knowledgable. my favorite section is the $1 one on the lower floor. only bad thing about IKEA is having to assemble products yourself and if you buy a lamp from there you HAVE to buy their specific bulbs.
4	Its everything you ever wanted for your home and all the other things you never knew you needed. Even if you don't buy anything it is a great place to get inspiration (i need a farmhouse sink in my life).  They have cinnamon buns too!
4	First, off if you've never been to this place let me tell you it's huge.  If you didn't eat before hand and you're starting to feel peckish then eat first or you can eat at their deli inside upstairs.  This place is helpful b/c they have rooms set up in different sizes (measured by feet) and they show you how you can make the most out of the space you have.  Their motto should be "no room is too small".Their furniture is decent and the price is fair.  To me you should be able to redo your whole house on a budget using Ikea and the services that they offer.  If you don't know how much flooring you need or which comes first the floor on the cabinet (I'm talking about myself) Ikea will send someone to your home to do a complete review and they will tell you exactly how much you need.  I think this service is only $99.00. The pieces are packaged so that you can take them home that day but you have to put them together yourself.  I must say that I bought a bookcase from there and made it into a TV stand and it's made pretty sturdy (plus I've moved once).I have eaten in the deli before and the food is just okay.  The BF had the Swedish Meatballs and he said that they were good.  I had the Chicken Lettuce Wrap and to me it was too dry and boring (not enough flavor)If your on a budget but want a unique look then definitely make Ikea one of your stops!
5	This place is like a bright light to a moth at night.
5	Oh my, do I love IKEA.  The first time I ever went was in Atlanta when the Aquarium was too crazy busy to visit so we decided to drag the kids to IKEA instead as it's kind of like a fun vacation trip, right?  They were good for about 45 minutes but then, over it!Took quite a while to visit the Charlotte location after it opened but, now that we've been a couple times I know it's just as cool as ever.  So much stuff, so reasonably priced. I know... It's not exactly of the highest quality and sometimes putting together what you bring home is taxing but still, that doesn't detract from the awesomeness!  Our trip a couple weeks ago had us wind up with a step stool that has made the perfect small table next to an overstuffed chair in our family room, a nice chrome standing lamp that provides much needed reading light behind the same chair and the usual $50 worth of stuff that we don't really need but can't resist buying.  On the meatballs... I'm not as big a fan as others are but, I do like the entire cafeteria set up they have.We're already looking forward to the next visit!
3	Go for the funky furniture, stay for the Swedish meatballs and lingonberry jelly . I had a latent urge to whinny and gallop after I ate, I don't know why. LMAO!There are excellent bargains on glassware in their kitchen area. Two star deduction for lack of service.The bedside lamp that showed in stock on their website - wasn't available.
5	It's IKEA, how can you go wrong? The furniture isn't the greatest you can find, but at its price point, I would say it's the best you can fine. Between the pricing and the modern design, it really makes this stuff a great way to transform any home into a modern living space.
1	Will NEVER EVER go back!! We made a trip to the Charlotte store, which is a 1 1/2 hour drive for us. Bought a comforter and duvet cover. Both king size, package listed 102 x 86. The comforter is as indicated but the duvet cover is only 96 x 86, so it does not fit the comforter. Trying to talk to a person when calling the Ikea number is a challenge by itself. When I finally had a person on the line, I could not believe the way they handle customer service issues. I was told that I cannot return the duvet cover if I opened the package. I told him that the product is not what it claimed to be on the package. He said that doesn't matter and told me I shouldn't have opened it - what an idiot!! He was a complete jerk and not willing to help. I ask to speak with a manager or the Charlotte store manager - not possible, they do not take calls. What?? I asked for the Charlotte phone number - he told me they do not have one, they don't take calls. Then he said I can drive to the store but they would tell me the same thing- no return or exchange possible. Regardless what the issue is with the duvet cover they will not take it back. Basically, they do NOT stand behind their products. Lousy cheap stuff. Don't waste your money there. You can get better quality at any other store and if there is a problem with the product, any local retailer will take it back. Ikea is a waste of time and money!!
4	Having never been to either Charlotte or Ikea in our lives, we decided to do a spring break trip to cover both in one.  We planned to hit Ikea on our way home from Charlotte at opening time on Tuesday.  So we had our choice of parking spots, which seemed unneccesary at 9:45 am, but genius at 2:00 when it was time to leave!  We parked in the Family Friendly area right outside the front door and headed in.  Two adults, a 6 year old and a 2 year old.  We passed up the child care area when we first walked in.  One hour?  Right off the bat?  No thank you, we'll need that later!  So on we headed into Childrenland.  I had done some online homework, and had a printed out wishlist.  We found several items for kids' stuff storage right away.  We did get bogged down and spent way too much time in this area.  Hard to walk away from all the kid size furniture and toys.  A mini-bed for the 2 year old was NOT on the list, but too cute not to get.  She is after all, just about to need a replacement for her crib, and these beds are big enough to use until at least 10 years old, at a fraction of a nice twin bed price.  The kids started getting crazy, so we hustled the 6 year old off to the child care room.  2 year old was too small.  :-(  Oh well, one is easier to handle than 2!  Our son loved the child care area and had a super time.  They probably have the right idea limiting it to one hour.  I could get use to shopping all day child free!With one hour of semi child freedom, and refocused after escaping Childrenland, we moved on.  Only to get bogged down in textile/kitchenland.  Rookie mistake!  I really did have a set of sheets on the shopping list to try, and was interested in checking out their towels, but I wish we had moved on to the showroom more quickly.  As it turned out, we raced through the showroom area and furniture, looking for what was on our shopping list, on our way back to child care.  After springing the boy, we headed up to lunch in the cafeteria.  With 4 hungry, tired, grumps we were a little intimidated by the cafe.  There seemed to be a lot of people waiting.  As we got in there though, it wasn't so bad.  A little wait to get our food and pay and no trouble finding seats.  We'd heard the food was good, and it did seem to be.  I was tempted by the chicken breast Ceaser salad, but held out for meatballs.  (The 2 year old's chicken was delicious too, btw.)  Having heard from another frazzled parent in the cafe that the store checkout lines were really long, we decided to finalize what we wanted to get for bookshelves and lighting and start making our way out.  We followed the signs through the spiral pathways to the warehouse.  Dragging a 2 and 6 year old through the warehouse, we found our stuff and headed to the check out.  Hosanna!  Several registers open with only 1 or 2 waiting!  We were assured at check out that there would be TONS of "yellow shirts" roaming the parking lot to help us load.We were amazed to see that the giant parking lot was pretty much full, being a Tuesday early afternoon.  This place draws the crowds!  With no mythical "yellow shirts" anywhere to be seen, we loaded our boxes into the back of the truck on our own.  No biggie.  It was a nice day and we parked close.  Overall, I could see making the 3 hour drive from Raleigh to Charlotte for an Ikea visit a regular event.  We're very happy with what we got.  I have a list started for our next trip already.  I can see that you do have to be careful not to get caught up in Ikea Fever and buy things just for the sake of buying them.  I almost fell for the $4 umbrella, and did get 3 reuseable shopping bags.  It is definitely an event, and I'm glad we finally had the opportunity to visit!
4	Ikea is always a fun place to wander around in if only to check out the model rooms. We occasionally buy some furniture, houseware and kitchenware.The restaurant is good for breakfast or lunch. The environment is large and clean and well run. Always a pleasure to visit this store.
2	Customer service is a very very low priority at ikea.  I refurnished an entire office with there furniture ($$$$$)  and the couch i,purchased had an incorrect piece....Two right arms.  No worries i thought.  Mistakes happen.  let me just call them.   ha.  Not only would they not ship the correct  piece they would not even reserve or guarantee the piece would be in stock when I drove 3 hours one way to there store to hopefully correct the issue.   That is really really bad customer service ikea!! You  should be ashamed of yourself and your company.  Honestly, I  am happy to drive from Summerville SC to Charlotte NC to fix the issue....just do me a favor and tell me the part will be there....that would be a rather kind thing to do for your customer no? ESP since you will not ship it. There are plenty of furniture stores that would like to take my cash and help me get a great product with great service.  In the end do not waste your time going to ikea and giving this rude company a reason to keep doing business In a rude manner.
4	Ahh, do those Swedes know something about design and efficiency?  If you didn't think so, IKEA will change your mind, stat!   I popped in on a day off and entered the store a little after 11am on a Thursday.  Perfect, the place was mostly empty and I had full rein of the showroom with a handful of other shoppers.  Very cool displays, some are by item type and then they have mini showcases that feel like you're stepping through a house.  Getting a hang of IKEA shopping means jotting down names, prices and locations of items that you'll find self-serve at the end of your journey.  At the halfway point is the IKEA cafe where you can grab some yummy and cheap eats, think Swedish meatballs for $4 and some nice dessert options.  The IKEA cafe is really open, airy and light, great for a noon time meal.  And once, you're done it's back to shopping.  You can grab your table-top and soft items on the lower floor and then you enter the self-serve warehouse where you can get your flat packed furniture and larger items.  You really have to appreciate how this place is designed to work with such minimal staff.  Shopping at IKEA is definitely an experience, plan for 2 - 4 hours depending on how serious you are.  And while it's not an amusement park, IKEA is definitely some fun....
4	After working at the Cali office for my firm years ago and visiting their IKEA for stuff I never even knew I needed (!!!), I became a fan of the IKEA and was super excited when Charlotte got their very own a while back.I avoid it on the weekends at all costs.  There isn't even an appropriate word for the level of busy and clustered that this place gets on the weekend.  The aisles aren't terribly wide and the combinations of folks who are lost/confused, bolting crumb snatchers that weren't stashed at the "daycare" on the 1st level and just RUDE customers makes for a stressy day.  So, on my visits, I have come during the week where it isn't terrible.Upstairs you will find beds, sofas, chairs, kitchens, desks... everything you could possibly think of.  They have "rooms" decorated from floor to ceiling with IKEA items.  Lamps, throws, knick knacks, rugs, drapes, candles - on and on.  There is a corner of children's items that includes plush toys, tents and pint-sized items.  Be sure to note the item number aisle/row numbers for the items you desire when shopping.  Your items are self-serve on the first floor at the end of your journey in their warehouse of STUFF.  A diner/cafe is also located on the 2nd floor for some cheap but good eats.On the first floor is where you find all of the non-furniture items for your shopping needs.  Textiles, lamps, special light bulbs for said lamps, towels, sheets, pictures, frames, candles, vases, clocks, many many kitchen items - the place is huge, the selection quite good, the prices right.  You'll pass through the warehouse portion to get to the checkout lines, which are a bit of a mess and my least favorite portion of the trip.  Some items are self-checkout, others have people.  Bring your own bags or purchase an enormous IKEA bag to haul out your goods.  On your way out there is a smaller version of the diner with cinnamon buns (no raisins, SCORE!), hot dogs, ice cream, drinks.  There is also a small grocery-ette that has some canned, packaged and some frozen Swedish delights, including their Swedish meatballs and lingonbery sauce.  Give yourself the day for your first visit, there is a LOT to take in.  But if you get tired, you can always stop for a cinnamon bun.  CINNAMON BUNS (no raisins)!!!
5	Large warehouse full of good furniture and knick-knacks!Ikea, I love how you try to keep the cost of your items low and make it affordable to us consumers.Location - as usual, always somewhere far  from the main metro area. Okay, maybe not too far, but, close enough.Supplies - like every Ikea lovers know, you  can get pretty much everything. After you get tired of shopping for furnitures and things for your house/apartment, just swing over to the cafeteria and grab yourself some delicious Swedish meatballs and princess cake :)Prices - affordable, even better during their blue moon sale that happens 1-2 times a year?What I get suckered in for - their cheap set of 4 (12 pieces) dishes, some type of cooking utensils, bake/cookware, and swinging over to the cafeteria and eat! I have my eyes on their large mirror, dark wooden frames... I will get you one day.
4	Wow! Ikea is pretty cool. Now if you have never been to Ikea here are some pointers that help keep me sane in this place.First timers, devote a few hours. It will take you at least 2 hours minimum your first time. There is just too much to look at and too many ideas. It can seem confusing at first but you will catch on.Second, I recommend going during a weekday morning if possible. It's pretty crowded on weekends and with all the people, maneuvering through, and everything you want to take in, you will be able to appreciate it more.  Third, eat before you go. They do have a cafeteria with pretty good food. However it may be a while before you get to it.If you have little ones they do have a drop play area. This is great because the little ones can play for hours while you shop.
4	My first time at an IKEA.  It inspires both awe and terror...There were some moments where I thought I never wanted to leave, and then there were some moments where I thought I'd never be given the option.  This place is HUGE and undenaibly labrynth.
5	The promised land of furniture stores....IKEA is one of those places that you REALLY have to go to at least once in your life! It is huge and a bit overwhelming if you aren't used to the set up, but once you figure it out you will have a blast wandering around getting home ideas and buying all sorts of random things. Also be sure to visit the resturant (usually located on the top floor) where you can get a really good lunch for about $5! It's cafeteria style, but the Sweedish Meatballs are definately worth the lines, and if you like them enough you can even buy them downstairs in the grocery section!Furniture, groceries and lunch. We REALLY need an IKEA here in Raleigh.
5	Great place to shop and eat too!
3	Its cool here, lots of home stuff and idea, I still like Bed Bath and beyond better though.
5	I love Ikea! I wont eat their food though! Horse meat
4	Who doesn't like the idea of visiting a gigantic furniture/ home store that sucks away a good chunk of the day? IKEA is well-known for providing cheap furniture that you haul away and build back at your home. Adventuring through the store can seem a daunting feat at first, but with some patience and tolerance for droves of other deal-seakers you will persevere.IKEA has tons of furniture pieces for all the rooms in your home. It's great to wander about and daydream about what could be in your own home. Wouldn't that furniture collection go great in the guest room? How about that comfy-looking couch for the living room? Hey, look at that zany lamp...it would bring some great character to the den! You will find yourself asking these questions over and over as you go from one area to the next. Just make sure to keep note of the item number of that piece of furniture you fall in love with, because it's up to you to go down to the "warehouse", track down the lot number and put the box of furniture into your cart/ trolley before hauling it to the register. I'm not saying there's anything wrong with that at all...we kind of like the adventure of doing it all yourself. It's a very fun time, and makes what could be a boring furniture shopping trip anywhere else into an exciting adventure.Now no one can go shopping on an empty stomach, since even the slightest twinge of hunger can cause a huge case of the crankies. IKEA has got you covered with a ridiculously cheap food court and snack bar. And I do mean ridiculously cheap...$1 for a frozen yogurt or hot dogs? If you're more of an early morning shopper you can partake in the egg and potato breakfast that costs...$1! They keep the food prices down to make you full, because a content shopper is a happy shopper, and a happy shopper doesn't rush and buys more stuff!As for the actual quality of stuff, we haven't had a problem with the coffee table and end table we bought about six months ago. Granted, I'm not about to jump on top and do an Irish jig, but they definitely hold up as expected to everyday wear and tear (ie- plates on the table, cats running across table, etc.) The furniture does look good, and it wasn't too complicated to put together ourselves when we got home.While I wouldn't trust the quality of stuff to buy a bed or a couch, I think it's a good place to score tables and more decorative items...you know, things you are not putting your full body weight on. We'll definitely be back to IKEA for future furniture purchases.
4	I want to learn Ikea's business model. Low prices, sleek design, organized warehouse, international vibe, happy shoppers. I like nothing more than clean lines, fresh solid colors and creative designs. You can get pretty much anything here. Bandages for 99cent, say what? 79 cent a small glass flower vase. The fun just keeps going, you walk through corners and corners of room design showcase. Conveniently almost at every section there is an ikea shopping bag for you to pick up your goodies. There are also pencils and brochures for you to write down the item code so you can pick them up at the lower section in the warehouse. Ikea really knows how to make everything in the store seem like a necessity. I had to really hold myself back and tell myself I don't need a heart shaped pillow with arms sticking out, even though it makes me feel warm and fuzzy on the inside. A funny and cute valentine's day gift though, step out of the conventional flowers and chocolate, you know what i am saying? Having a restaurant inside of a massive store is a bonus. One, they get more profit, two, happier customers. What's great is they keep things authentic here by selling swedish meatballs and norwegian dill cured salmon. I almost want to say ikea reminds me of costco, except...you don't have to buy in bulk and the presentation is much neater. oh and you don't need a membership either. however, you can sign up for an ikea family card, which is their preferred customer card to help you save even more money. this is how you can get their special priced store discount.if you are not buying a lot, do the self checkout. this is MUUUCH faster. If i have to wait in the standard checkout lines just to buy a couple items, i think would have said "forget it". Now that I told you the secret, i hope that not everybody starts flocking to the self checkout line to increase the traffic there haha. Professional staffs, clean store, good layout. Even if you are not buying anything, it's still great to walk around the looped store to get your exercise in. My favorite is the children's section because you can never outgrow that phase!
2	Welcome to IKEA, a  GINORMOUS home goods warehouse store. This store is different than most home goods places, the closest comparison in store content is Bed Bath and Beyond but IKEA is on steroids.     Overall IKEA is a 2 star for me, I would give 5 stars for the content of items sold here but 1 star for the frustration of dealing with the crowds and less than helpful associates.
4	Okay, I am a big fan of Ikea! When you know, you are trying to ball on a budget this is the place to go for legit furniture. Sure does it take some time to put together, yes. But, can you find a pretty solid dining room table for $139, you sure can!This location is okay. It is the normal size you would expect but, my biggest problem were the registers. I went in on a Sunday and had to wait a solid half hour (if not more) to get to a cashier. To me that is a bit much. If you know Sunday is your busy day well, then put more cashiers on staff. Waiting that long trying to push my heavy ish forward a few inches every few minutes does not make me a happy camper.Also lets talk about the loading zone. Why in the world would you fence it off so you can't fit your cart thing through?! I am not a strong person so when I am loading heavy things into my car I need to be right up against my car, not a few feet away. I have never seen that type of setup at an Ikea before, probably because it doesn't make any sense. I am really not sure what the logic was there.I almost forgot, those delicious cinnamon buns are a must purchase. They are only a $1 of hot, gooey, cinnamoney, deliciousness. I literally completely loaded up my car in some far reach of that parking lot and went back in to get a cinnamon bun.
5	It was love at first sight. I had heard about the awesomeness of IKEA, but much like a visit to Hawaii, you have to see it to believe it.My entry into the store was overwhelming, as my eyes went up to the 100-foot tall ceilings (felt like it, anyway).There was a kiosk on the left, where I was able to sign up for an IKEA membership, which entitles me to various discounts, a buy one get one free frozen yogurt (valid during your first 30 days of membership), as well as free hot tea or coffee every time I visit. Nice touch.An expansive kid's playroom was to my right. So, if your kids are potty trained, they can enjoy the playroom while you shop. A win-win, if ever I saw one!There were maps and guides all over the place - especially helpful for newbies like myself.Unfortunately, I didn't have a lot of time to shop. I could have spent HOURS there...but I knew what I needed to get (courtesy of Pinterest), so this would be a quick visit.Each item has an identification number, and if you see something large, that's on display, that you can write down the ID number, and pick the item up yourself, in the self-serve furniture area.That's what I did - after exploring for a little bit. Hey! I'm not in Charlotte every day, and I won't be back soon, so I had to allow myself this indulgence.IKEA has several display areas set up, and some of them are complete living units. They had an area set up, showing what you could do with a 590 sq. foot home! This is in addition to the typical displays - like kitchens, kids rooms and living rooms.When I was finally ready to pick up my shelving units, a nice lady (about 100 pounds) helped me load the items into my cart. She was small, but mighty!She mentioned that people in blue shirts would be in the loading dock area to help with transferring the boxes to my car.Unfortunately, no employees were around to help, but fortunate for me, a young man, hanging out by the loading dock offered to help.It turns out, he was marketing major at a local university, and was doing market research on the shopping experience for IKEA customers. That's why he was just hanging out - but I gladly accepted his help.Of course, as soon as we finished loading up the car, I saw several IKEA employees come out to the dock. Oh well. :-/After my car was all loaded up, I went back into the store to check out the restaurant, and try one of those cinnamon buns I've heard so much about!I got a big, fat, warm cinnamon bun ($1) and a hot dog combo ($2.50) - taxes included in the prices. I was going to get a frozen yogurt, too, courtesy of my receipt as a new IKEA member, but it was buy 1 get 1 free. I thought you just had to buy ANY regularly priced item from the restaurant to get the frozen yogurt for free, not specifically, a frozen yogurt. Reading is fundamental!I didn't need the fro-yo anyway, not with a cinnamon bun in hand. :-)The prices throughout the store were ridiculously reasonable, the shopping area was bright and open, and it was just an overall pleasant experience.The next day, I asked some of my friends if they had ever been to IKEA. They had, and we're planning a trip back to Charlotte just to shop at IKEA...and the outlets! ;-)
1	Ayayay.....my first, only and last experience at IKEA.If you're a meat-eater, you're gonna love the food. We all know it's about those Swedish meatballs, which I didn't try since I'm a vegetarian. Anyways, this place gets sooo crowded. I'm not really a fast person, but I just really don't like slow drivers and especially slow walkers. And it is just too crowded to walk normally and maneuver around. Also, being a normal young female, I despise shopping malls. I was at IKEA for a torturous 6 hours (my friend was buying furniture since she moved down to NC recently). I get the concept of IKEA; I'm sure most people love it. But I'll just stick to the interwebs for my shoppping of any kind. Oh. But those fat-free frozen vanilla yogurt cones for $1 are outrageously awesome.
5	Don't go with a truck.  If you do, plan on spending all day there filling up the truck.  And the prices are so reasonable.  Also had lunch in their cafeteria.  The ribs were fall off the bone yummy and the Swedish meatballs were tasty as well.
4	Great place for decorative accessories, kitchenware, lamps, artwork, etc. The furniture isn't the highest quality but a great place to go for inexpensive home ware.
3	I use to really love this Ikea but I'm getting pretty bored with it. The furniture is some what of a pain to put together and does not hold up well. For the price it's a good deal I guess. I don't like how the store is set up to get you to walk through the entire place just to make it to the cash register.
3	While IKEA offers some great products at value prices, I am becoming disenchanted with the store experience.   After my visit this week, I doubt that I will return.  We went to the store to pick up a few small items that we had forgotten on our last visit. (TIP:  if you buy a lamp, be sure to buy the bulbs too as IKEA lamps will not accomodate bulbs bought elsewhere).  So after working our way through the vast store with our light bulbs, we found ourselves stuck in a twenty minute wait at the check out.  The store has 20 registers but chose to utilize only three.  By the time we exited the check out, the lines were backing up into the warehouse section of the store.  This is a frustration that will drive me to other retailers.
2	IKEAs all over the place are crowded and feature herds of amazingly slow and weaving walkers. I get that, having been to many Ikeas, and it automatically reduces the star rating to 4. BUT, Charlotte's Ikea has really bad/slow service, just makes everything worse.Checkouts - really slow, poorly staffed.  I buy shelving, furniture, something from there every couple of months, and only once have I had all the pieces. So then you go in to the returns area, take a number, and wait an eternity as service staff (every movement is snail-like) to get a measly screw that isn't available in the self-serve area. All of this is tolerable for the prices - but do not order anything!  I ordered a home delivery item from Ikea. I took the day off work, they gave me a 12 hour window (where you are supposed to get the call the night before with a smaller delivery window) - never came. Ikea didn't get the item, never bothered to call. I cannot get any answers - I'm in the process of disputing the $350+ credit card charge. And always use credit cards - Ikea pushes the debit card, they even give you something like a 1% coupon for the next visit for using debit over credit, but disputing charges on debit is so much harder than on a credit card - so use the credit card, especially if you are tempted to order something and/or have it delivered.
3	I love Ikea - always great prices and HUGE selection. Very space conscious and modern with splashes of color here and there. Also the food court is beyond cheap of you're in for a decent meal. Great selection of good in the small "grocery" plus I always leave with a giant cinnamon roll in hand! I will say though, if you can go during the week then do. The weekends at Ikea are PACKED.
4	IKEA is an adventure more than a shopping destination.  Plan to spend a lot of time here as you wind your way through the many sections of the building.Great selection of furniture and home accessories.  We stock up on all kinds of kitchen and bathroom crap while we are here since it is dirt cheap.  Some of the furniture is cheap as hell, and tacky, but there are lots of options.  I even seen a denim couch while shopping here.  There is no freaking way I would put a denim couch in my house, but hey if it works for you then more power to you.If you hate crowds then you may want to avoid this place,  Very popular store.  Not a store you can just run in and pickup something quick.  It is more of a day trip.  Highlights - Very affordable furniture and home accessories - Great selection - Some items are questionable quality - Child care available - Decent cafeteria with Swedish favorites - Remember, it is an adventure so plan accordingly
5	Perfect place for breakfast, lunch or dinner if you're on this way to look at furniture.I've tried most of their food.  They're just real good.I like to come after the crowd.  They have included more choices in their menu.Excited to see ikea has more organization tools with better price than containers store.
4	IKEA is great for so many things - but you have to really prepare before you go. My best advice is as follows:1) Go to ikea.com and get the family card for discounts and perks. (or you can get it at the store at a kiosk when you first walk in)2) Go to ikea.com and pre-determine what you want to buy and see if it is in stock at your store - then get the Aisle and Bin numbers. Make a shopping list and print it out before you go.3) Wear comfortable shoes and take a car big enough to haul anything you plan to buy. 4) Always check/ask if there are additional pieces needed for any furniture you buy - for example - a chair might not come with the cover you saw on it in the show room - a bed might be a head and foot-board with no center support bar. These are things you will need when you get home and try to put the thing together.5) Know if you just want to go to the marketplace and buy your items or if you want to take an hour to walk the showroom path to get ideas. You will buy lots of random stuff this way - it's very enticing - but it also gives you great ideas for how to use items. Experts will usually skip the showroom and go right to the market place to grab the items they want and avoid temptation.6) Stop by the cafe or the market area and try the lox, coffee and chocolate. Everyone talks about the meatballs and the lingdonberries - but I really like the Swedish coffee best of all.7) They don't provide any bags, but they do sell big IKEA bags for 50 cents each. They are great for all sorts of stuff - so buy a few for your future trips.Lots of great kitchen stuff, cute knick knacks for all your rooms, great lamps and wonderful textiles. Good luck!
5	Cheap build-it-yourself furniture. Plan on spending at least a few hours of your life here.
5	If I ever visit IKEA, the first thing I visit is the cafe and restaurant. I just love the Swedish meatballs, the Lingon juice, and pretty much everything on the menu!  The coffee is just as good as Starbucks!
5	IKEA is amazing - modern/hip-looking furniture and home decor at insanely low prices (in many cases, lower than Walmart or Target). Walking in, you'll get a million ideas for how to design or remake your new apartment or home, and you get the feeling that it's completely possible to make your place look like it walked out of a magazine, because it's all so CHEAP.Everything is cheap, not because they sacrifice in the quality of their goods, but because of the lower overhead costs. As you browse through the model rooms, all decorated with nothing but IKEA items, you write down the ID number of each item you want to get. Follow the arrows to avoid getting lost, and eventually you will have walked through the entirety of IKEA, ending in a warehouse where you can track down each item you've noted, put it on a cart, and then assemble it at home with very reasonable and easy-to-understand instructions.In addition to furniture, IKEA sells toys, plants, home goods, and even some Swedish food as well.I can't say enough about how wonderful a place IKEA is. It's efficient, affordable, and just awesome to walk through for home decorating or furnishing ideas.
1	We ordered a kitchen from here. A few things that were interesting is the instructions are a bit light for someone not well skilled in assembling things. Granted they have to do it in pictures to handle all the markets they sell to but you better have some handy person skills.Also be aware the colors of the wall cabinets do not match the base cabinet drawers or the filler panels and kick plates. Each has a different shade and texture. But if you expect to get what you pay for, you will not be disappointed. These are cheap cabinets for cheap money. If you are expecting something nicer go somewhere else. I would not buy these again. Cheap is cheap.
3	Let me start by saying that I generally love ikea. I do. I get great stuff for my home at awesome prices. Very unique, some practical, all fantastic. But I went yesterday an after filling my cart, I stood in line waiting to check out for FIFTY MINUTES. I wish that were an exaggeration. Hundreds of people in line and they had 4 registers open. No one likes to wait in line but fifty minutes was just obnoxious. Kids and babies crying and screaming, everyone standing there getting grumpier and grumpier because of the wait, it was horrible. By the time I finally paid and left I was no longer excited about the great stuff I'd found, just annoyed and ready for a beer. Come on ikea, I know you're trying to keep those prices so fabulously low but add on a few cashiers for Saturday afternoon. That was terrible. My advice to yelpers - take a water bottle with you and don't have any other immediate plans for the day. It might be awhile before you get back out. Happy shopping!
4	Once you get through the winding Swedish maze of home goods and fight off the roaming Minotaur, it's not too shabby of a domestic adventure. They've got all the affordable home decor your little hermit heart can hope for. It's not as strong as top of the line brands but those brands have a substantially larger price tag. The furniture is modern and looks good, there's a good variety too. From couches, to bed covers, to pictures frames, plants and wooden spoons, IKEA has it.
5	This place is awesome! Huge! Lots of variety! Low prices! Love this place! Packed on the weekends.
2	It's much too much in my opinion.  Long lines, big crowds, so much merchandise you can't digest it all.
2	This is just for the restaurant upstairs, the rest of the store is pretty good.I've rarely seen places that close half their capacity during mealtime but ikea does it all the time.  Three times I've come by to grab a late lunch on a weekend and every time the line has been back to the elevator because only one side is open.  At that capacity you're looking at 30 minutes to get through, I like some meatballs and almond cake but not that much.I used to come and get lunch then walk around to see if there was anything I needed, now that I know I can't do both in a reasonable time I go somewhere else.
2	The furniture is cute, trendy, and greatly priced. However, my complaint is on the service. I do understand this is a self service location, and I am okay with that. The issue is more or less with the home delivery department. I waited 10 mins for someone to come out and help me at the desk while ten other people stood around, not even calling anyone to come up front. When the woman did decide to come to the counter her attitude and demeanor was nothing less than insulting. So much so that I ended up complaining to the manager, and returning all of my furniture.
4	Loved the deal where you get your meal credited with purchase of $150. 3 of us ate for $29 and wound up spending a little over $150. Downside to that is we had to pick a # and wait in the 'returns and exchanges' line for 20 minutes, not bad considering I picked # 101 and they were on # 82, so don't let that discourage you. Of course, weekends are busier. Salmon was really good at the cafe. Would have liked to see more staff throughout store if help was needed. Luckily, my husband found someone in the home organization area since one of our purchases was customized. Really good prices. Don't be in a hurry when you come here. Lots to browse through!
2	The first time I visited this place several years ago after it opened, everything was pristine and the checkout lines were quick. I visited recently and was disappointed. Items were out of place throughout the store. Furniture was damaged or abused. IKEA was out of stock on one item I tried to purchase (frustrating when you're driving from over an hour away). The checkout lines were awful. It literally reminded me of Wal-Mart (a place I no longer shop). I think there were 21 or so checkout counters of which 7-8 were open. It took about an hour to checkout. Absurd when you think about how large this place is and how far people drive to come here. I'd have given a lower score, but they have good selection and their prices are fair for the quality of furniture.
5	I'm obsessed with Ikea! Everything about it is wonderful. Not to mention the awesome food!
4	I'm really happy that we have an IKEA within driving distance. The downside is that it is SO convenient, that over the past 5 days, I've been there 3 times. Trip #1: Bought a dark brown dining table and dark brown chairs only to discover the dining table we picked up was about the length of our entire dining room.Trip #2. Returned all of the above and purchased an "as-is" dining table and chairs that were of an incompatible color.Trip #3. Returned chairs and purchased the chairs of the same set as the dining table.The moral of the story is, we are not expert shoppers. But, IKEA IS expert in their customer service. We were able to return everything with ease (along with receipt and original packaging), and we eventually did get exactly what we wanted.On each of these recent shopping excursions, we ate at the cafeteria. On Wednesday nights, with the purchase of an adult meal, you get a free kids' meal. We basically got enough food for 4 people with $10. You can't beat it! Is it the most healthy? No. But it gets the job done.
3	Clean, convenient location route 85. Good food. Food apps for kids.I was a little frustrated when going to purchase something from the clearance section and an employee took it in front of me. He said that he was going to buy it. I think the customer should have priority over the merchandise. Uniform and everything. Where's the customer service in that???
5	Cheap food and functional, attractive-looking things for your home. It was fun to wander through and pick out my favorite unpronounceable couches and wall tiles. I've always had mixed opinions on their food. There are some nice surprises, but if a hot dog costs a dollar it probably won't taste too gourmet. (The frozen yogurt and coffee, on the other hand? Five stars right there. REALLY hot coffee though! Patience was tested waiting for it to cool down for a solid 15 minutes.)At the very least, it's an entertaining way to spend a few hours. Finding gems like $2 toilet paper racks is just the silver lining.
2	I had my dog with me. She is a service dog. But I had some rude girl with short hair like a guy. She almost even looked like a man. I was a bit confused.Anyway she asked me to leave without asking me if my dog was a service dog. I have spent over 2grand in the last month here and was about to spend about $600 today. But I was rudely asked to leave. I think its time for some training. I'm pretty sure this company is in business to make money not reinforce dog laws. If I was the business owner I would fire this person. She just cost you a few hundred dollars in one day. I wonder how much she cost you everyday. What a loss. Shame on the training. Ikea is in business to make money not kick out the people who spend the most money here.
2	It's too hard to get away from Ikea.  Everyone can get something at Ikea.  They do have great food deals though, and you will most likely walk out of there with something you weren't expecting to get..That was the issue I had.  We went in there on a mission for a desk and chair.  The layout is terrible if you just want to get something and get out.  All Ikea's force you to walk most of the store even if you're lucky to find the "shortcuts" throughout.  Great strategy for them, just annoying for those that aren't just browsing.  Plus, once we did finally get to the checkout near closing time, they closed a lane down even though all the lanes were at least 5 people back.  Again, more waiting than necessary.  The service was also meh at this store.  I walked up to a kiosk to reference the height of a stand-up desk, and the CSR, interrupted her conversation with another customer to rudely tell me, "That's not available for you!"  I told her I was just looking at the height, and she told me they don't have stand up desks.  Later, I found one around the corner. I was reminded they aren't known for their service, just their inexpensive furniture/ style.  So fine, here's my warning, temper your expectations.
2	Some people love IKEA..then again, I guess some people love going to the dentist or love getting a colonoscopy. IKEA is like a consumer-culture Disneyland. I was appalled to see lines of families filing into maze of cheap housewares. Everything is impeccably styled to fit with the latest trends, meaning 5 years from now it will all be out of fashion and need replacing. Moderately priced, but not built to last. And guess what, you have to put it together yourself (joy)Like I said, some people love to buy stuff. Actually, lots of people like to spend every penny earned on disposable crap made of plastic and particle board. Think about it..your IKEA furniture will probably spend 5-10 years in your house and another 200 in a landfill. Even more bizarre, IKEA sells food!? There is a cafeteria where you can order a fried chicken dinner for $4 and breakfast for $2. And they ship Swedish meatballs direct from the country of origin. (IKEA is a Swedish company)If your a typical American consumerist, who would rather spend a Saturday at the mall rather than in the park, then you will LOVE IKEA. Me, I'm a minimalist and agree with Tyler Durden. The things you own begin to own you...better no buy a bunch of crap.
5	I really have absolutely no complaints about my experience in Ikea Charlotte, other than the massive line. I came to Ikea Charlotte having already scoped out my order at the Ikea in South Philly, to which this one is remarkably similar.  That was quite beneficial, as it saved me a good deal of time to already have the list pre-printed from their website (which is really neat when you consider how they allow you to check if the item is in stock as well!  So you can time your Ikea Day perfectly).  In fairness, the showroom felt exactly like every other Ikea Showroom in the world (literally the ones in foreign countries are remarkably similar both in layout and selection- it's kind of amazing to go to Israel and see almost the same thing as in Charlotte).  However, on this particular Ikea trip I was furnishing a full one-bedroom apartment from scratch, and I have to say the prices at Ikea really did help to meet my graduate student-sized (so not that big, but beefed up from graduation presents) budget.  I feel like for $1,500 I walked away with an extremely livable and stylish apartment, which wouldn't be possible at many other stores (where a single room can easily cost that much), and it would seldom look as well-coordinated as my Ikea apartment does now. Since I didn't have any room in my car, I ordered everything to be delivered to my apartment in Chapel Hill, which they did for an extremely reasonable fee of $99, and for an additional $40, I let them take care of picking up all 300 kilograms of furniture I ordered (it is amazing how much furniture one can buy here).  This was pretty easy, as the staff member on the floor was able to walk up to any given kiosk and type in my item numbers and print out a list of the items to give to me to take to checkout.  Furthermore, she was able to assuage any fears I had about items being out of stock, as even though they give you an ominous warning about out-of-stock items being skipped, in reality, they can't add it to a list if it's not likely to be in stock, so you do get a heads up.The delivery people did a pretty good job, yes some boxes had holes in them, but overall the contents were in remarkably good condition considering their long trip to arrive at my door.  One thing to note about the delivery company is that they call you and tell you a time, and they don't give you a choice on the matter.  Not a major issue, but it does make it difficult to schedule around things, and the delivery folks (Urban Express) were pretty easy to deal with to reschedule my delivery date (and had a nifty website).Also, I haven't yet remarked on probably the best aspect of an Ikea trip, the abundant reasonably priced food.  This is a pretty exciting thing, as it's high quality food for usually around five or six bucks, and it is placed in such a way that it is a convenient stopping point between the showroom floor and the picking floor below.  Get the Swedish meatballs with the jelly-stuff.  They're divine.On the floor below, I'd highly suggest the standard tool set.  Every apartment I've ever owned has had one, and they especially come in handy in the process of assembling the furniture (as the screwdriver with the hex wrench head is much, much easier to use than the little wrenches that come with everything).  However, I did have to spend a good forty-five minutes in line to checkout, but considering I had very few items that I had bought individually, and I had a cell phone on which to text, this was less of an issue and more of a minor inconvenience.TL,DR: Make a list before you go in online.  Try the meatballs.  Buy the toolset.  Be prepared to wait at checkout.
4	For a furniture store the food isn't that bad. I came looking a book and had lunch instead. Great place for people watchers.
4	I love Ikea! Always lots of stuff to choose from and see as well as great ideas. They have a kids play area where the kids can get dropped off at for a couple hours which is kinda nice. Be careful what day you go though because it can get extremely busy on weekends and it's very difficult to shop and check-out lines are ridiculous. However, during the week you can take your time and it's very enjoyable. Also the food it pretty good.
4	I lived near this IKEA for 5 years...and I loved it. But I also knew when to stay far, far away.Here's some tips from a local:1. If you go on a weekend, you're going to hate the crowd- think busy Walmart times 10. People travel from all over the southeast to go to this IKEA. So, if you can con your employer into giving you a day off work to make the trip, you will have a much more pleasant time here. You'll actually be able to think without dealing with screaming kids everywhere.2. BYOB. Bag. Bring your own bag. I don't think they allow beer in here, but I wish they did so the crowds would be more tolerable. I made the mistake of buying all my kitchen supplies without bringing a bag and I had to spend a few extra bucks to buy reusable IKEA bags that are so large I will probably never reuse.3. Take lots of photos. The descriptions of items are SO confusing. You have to match up the number on the item you saw in the showroom with the number on the shelf in the warehouse. This is fine if you know what product the number you're taking a picture of corresponds to. Otherwise you'll end up like me: having tons of pictures of numbers and not knowing what they go to. You'll run around the whole warehouse trying to find the stuff you wanted to buy.4. Drive a big truck. If you know you're buying lots of furniture, U-Haul it up and load all your things flawlessly. If you drive a Sedan, forget about bringing any large furniture home with you.5. Make a friend who knows how to put together furniture. The instructions are just poorly drawn diagrams and no written words. Youtube will be your best friend in this situation.6. Eat in the cafeterias. When I was in college, we would go get the $2 full breakfast after a night of drinking (if we woke up in time). Also, swedish meatballs salmon and LINGONBERRY are something you won't want to miss. When I was between paychecks in college, the $1.50 hotdog meal was a godsend. If you follow these tips, IKEA can be a cheap place to get trendy furniture. If not, it might end up being hell. Just do these 6 things and you'll love it.
2	Cheap furniture with poor service, very poor service.  Wanted a tv stand but had to find an employee to order (take delivery at "furniture delivery counter", which took forever). We finally found an employee who said she would call someone to help who immediately help someone else to help. After she was finished with that customer, she filled out the necessary form (why the big deal?) and we are on our way. Picked out a specific floor lamp, but couldn't find one on the floor - no employee around for 15 minutes - another customer who wanted the same item, we checked availability on our phones to find out Charlotte was sold out.  Thanks Ikea for the time wasted looking, but, hey, when it's cheap, don't expect employees to help - they must not have any.  Finally made it to check out - pretty long line, 4 lanes open out of about 20 - again  cheap doesn't come with decent service, I thought.  I began loading the car while my wife waited for the furniture delivery. Unfortunately, upon loading, the bedside table we picked had a rip in the cardboard contained which revealed damage to the product.  So, while the wife waited at the furniture delivery, I returned the damaged product. They said they could replace the item, but it might take 15 or more minutes for an employee to find it - I wasn't allowed to go and get it. Decided to get the credit and re-purchase the item - turned out to be the wrong decision -as the line to check out was now twice as long - is there a manager at this place who gives a hoot? Apparently, not as their were full carts at the check left by other customers who decided to not check out and leave their full carts and walk out - but who cares at Ikea.  Finally waited in line for 20 minutes to re-buy the damaged item and drove away - I will never return, my wife might. Cheap is fine, but crappy service is un-excusable not matter that your business is.  All in all, very disappointing.
5	I love IKEA. The best time to come is during the week. You can browse around and find a little of everything for every room in the house without breaking your budget.
5	I love this place! Prices are great! Everytime I have gone there, I just keep looking and planning on making my home clutter-free. It is working, slowly but surely!
1	Awful. Been in line for over half an hour now. Only 8 lanes open out of 26. If it werent for it being a gift it would not be worth the time.
4	What a great place to stop for a quick bite to eat chile shopping. the store is amazing as well. Such bargins
4	Its an Ikea.  If you've never been, go.  Make a field trip out of it.They have everything you could possibly need for your home.  Its relatively cheap.  And its somewhat cheaply made, considering an expert won't be assembling it.  Unless you happen to be an expert.
4	I spend all day and night in Ikea! They have furnished my whole studio apartment and salon space. I have only had to return one thing and it was because I didn't have a need for it. One thing that I am disappointed in is how they manage their multiple boxed items. Someone took two box #1 items and the two box #2 were left. The online count system showed two in store but you couldn't buy anything until the box #1 item was returned. Waited on this sideboard for over 2 months but I guess driving 8 hours round trip will ensure that it's purchased without fail.
1	HORRIBLE customer service. Went into the Charlotte store planning to put together a whole closet configuration, couldn't get any help, even from a "manager". Walked back out again after being pointed to a couple of wonky computers and told "figure out your own configuration". No one would help us, even though we repeated asked for assistance. Obviously they don't mind watching sales walk out the door...Fun store. Abysmal service. Will spend our money elsewhere.
4	The IKEA store can be overwhelming. It's a huge facility. Walked in and went up the escalators. Just followed the crowd everyone heading toward the same direction. There were no directories or signs. Asked staff where the utensils and spatula's were located. Since this was my first time at IKEA the staff gave me the low down of the store.Top floor is furniture and everything else is downstairs. So headed back downstairs to get the kitchen items. Spatula, tongs, bath mat and all. Prices are inexpensive as well as the sales items.Do not forget to sign up for the IKEA Family to get more discounts there are kiosk machines on both floors; one by the entrance area when you walk in and saw another one up the escalator on the second floor.First time you sign up they give you a free frozen yogurt when you buy one. The cone cost one dollar and delicious. Taste like an ice cream. So it was 2 for $1. This is located at the IKEA Bistro right after you check out.Have not visited the cafe. Will do that next week when I go back and get more merchandise for the apartment. Everyone raves about the Swedish Meatballs. If you are IKEA Family member you get a free cup of coffee at the cafe.Figuring out the checkout counter was a maze. Look above for signs to check out. What a workout after a while I was like lost again but noticed the arrow on the floor and followed the white arrow ( like the yellow brick road). It is hard to get out of the store with all the displays surrounding you. It's like being distracted in the maze heading towards the check out. There are no shopping bags given, so make sure you bring some bags with you. They have paper so you can wrap items. I lost the spatula holding everything while walking towards the car. It took a while to find the car too. Remember which letter you parked at.Definitely an adventure shopping at IKEA. Will provide updates the next time I am there.
3	Great products at affordable prices.  I like the style and quality.  The line to checkout though is abysmal.  Spent as much time looking around as waiting to pay for 2 small items.  I would come here more often if I didn't have to wait almost 30 minutes just to checkout.The restaurant is good.  I like the chocolate cake, meatballs, and mashed potatoes.  The line is quick at the restaurant.
5	It's a zoo,  always super busy and crowded the food is awesome. They workers are so busy that seem annoyed when you ask them for assistance. I hope they have more Christmas staff
4	Ikea is great. I really wish though, that I could review just their restaurant, because most people wouldn't think of Ikea as a dining destination, but it's pretty darn good. It's cafeteria style, but the prices are really good. I've had the Swedish Meatballs here, and they're awesome. Veggie medallions were pretty good as well.  We absolutely love the chocolate overload cake, it's a special treat we always look forward to when we go there.
5	Love, love love this location. It seems to be a little larger than the Ikea in Orlando but I may be wrong. The reason for 5 stars is completely selfish. I scored a ss over range microwave brand new, in the box for 89 dollars in the scratch and dent area. The return policy at this store is awesome, they will take just about anything back and the staff has always been nice and helpful.
3	If you've ever been to an IKEA before then you know how crazy it can get in there! My husband and I received a gift card so we stopped by when we were in the area. We did not make it until about 1:30 pm on a Sunday and the store was already packed. You can't beat the prices though so just get ready to push through some crowds. Even if you're only going in for 1 item, don't expect a quick trip. The store is set up like a maze. I've only been two stores, the store in Woodbridge and now Charlotte, but there were both set up the same. The furniture and restaurant are on top level and the rest is on the ground level. A couple pieces of advice:- Go as soon as the store opens for less craziness- Join IKEA Family (tons of kiosks around the front of the store and checkout) for even greater discounts
