3	Once again, just a simple pita joint. But when they say they stuff your pita they really mean it! Not much to say about this place except that you get exactly what you expect!
4	I tend not to like non-ethic food too much and get tired of North American food especially at school, but I love Pita Factory. I get one thing only and only one thing, the chicken caesar pita with pineapples. Heaven, I love the chicken caesar, I love pineapples, and I love more meshed in one.The best thing is chicken caesar is really easy to order and quick. Most the toppings are chosen for you. No complexity. Get your student discount and a stamp too and you are good to go. Enjoy!
4	Pita Factory is a local chain of fast food restaurants specializing in made-to-order pitas.Their tag line is "Get Stuffed" and they mean it... These pitas are huge!Favourites of mine include the Chicken Caesar pita and the Chicken Stir-Fry pita.  There's lots of fresh toppings and usually a line up of people waiting to get their freshly made pita, even late into the night, as this location is popular with the University crowd.Another bonus is that their nutritional information is available on their website to help you make better choices if you are watching your diet!
4	clean, healthy, fresh ingredients for pitas under budget (main customers: students)
5	As a student, pita factory is definitely the most bang for your buck. The daily specials are $5.75 which includes a gigantic pita and a pop. The default for lunch at University of Waterloo.
4	Friendly and decently healthy. Much more food than Pita Pit for a similar price.
5	Great food and friendly staff.  Excellent selection of pitas, and they aren't afraid to load up the toppings.  Very good value.
5	Super friendly and knowledgeable staff. Tons of food for the price. Tasty tasty tasty and quick! Definitely a place to check out for quick, cheap, and tasty food.I had the chicken teriyaki wrap, I would have it next time without the rice, the wrap is too big anyways.
5	As a broke student, Pita Factory is one of my favorite places to go when I don't feel like cooking. The variety of specials ensures I never get the same thing twice, and the cheap price ensures that I can afford it. The pita itself is a much healthier alternative to some other options in the plaza, and the portions are great for the price, just enough for me to "get stuffed."
4	Love the place! Daily specials are the best because they are so cheap and fulfilling ! I would also recommend trying out their poutine which is also very fulfilling. There's a bunch of TV's which is nice if you are there alone.
5	Amazing prices and great food!Probably the most satisfying meal you can get at the plaza for $6!  The pitas are great and they are pretty filling.  You can get whatever toppings you want, and they are not cheap with the toppings like some other places.  They are also really fast! If you are walking by the plaza and want to quickly pick up a meal, this place is great.
5	I'm a big fan of the Pita Factory chain. I've been to a few of their locations now and the food is always consistently fresh and delicious. This location was very clean and well set up. The staff was very friendly. My lunch was really great.
