4	When shopping is an adventure and a destination, you must be heading to Tan Phat. This is a funky Asian market that has been there for me whenever I need water chestnuts (for wrapping in bacon, and they carry five different brands! Who knew so many companies were in the business of the water chestnut?) or kitchen supplies for Asian themed dinners. One of the first things that hits you upon entering in the smell of seafood. After acclimating to that, you'll find a huge selection of canned goods, dried seafood and mushrooms, a decent selection of fresh produce and an ample amount of "novelty" edibles (you know, those intriguingly package foodstuffs that you just can't find outside of Asian markets). The employees are usually polite. You may have to walk through every aisle to find what you need, but that's part of the adventure.
3	Yowza this place is fish fresh.And you will smell like it for the rest of the day if you spend more than seven nanoseconds inside. It's bigger than you would think from the outside with rows and rows of cookware, canned..everything, and noodles. Oh the noodles! I love buying all sorts of them and experiementing with for weeks until I run out. Ramem noodles from Asian markets are the only ones worth eating.There's nothing too spectacular about Tan Phat, it's a little run-down, quite disorganized, and the staff won't greet you... or say hi when you come to the register... or let's face it-- they won't say anything to you at all. However, it's a great resource for trying new types of food and cooking, and a super convenient location.
4	Very good variety of several different asian regions.  Obviously not as big as Lee Lee's in Chandler, but obviously the best in the area.  Even the homeless guy that lives around there is polite! lol J/K  But it's pretty much a nice sized asian market when looking for your ingredients for asian cooking that you can't find at the grocery store.  Also pretty good coffee selection.
3	I must be spoiled and realize that this is not a big grocery store. I tend to think the store is a good place in a pinch for Asian ingredients. Mostly, Chinese and Vietnamese products for those looking for Japanese products might have to go elsewhere. In a pinch it is great, hopefully with local support this store can improve.
3	Compared to many Asian super market this one is pretty unorganized. But does carry a large selection food and sauces. Parking lot is very small as well.
2	I think I'm way too Americanized for this place. It's stinky and filthy. There were unsanitary things every which way I looked. There were these buckets full of veggies soaking in a liquid, i really can't think of any other way to describe it. There were tongs just laying on top of this filthy rusty shelf and I guess you were supposed to grab the liquidy items and put them into a bag? (see pics) This white girl just couldn't handle it. There was some sort of ceiling issue bc there was a lot of drippage. all over their products. see pics. But you can get a crap ton of basil for $1.50. My friends swear by this place, so if you're adventurous like them hit it up!
3	Anyone who dines at the popular Pho Thanh, which is in the same shopping complex, knows that parking here can be tricky during busy times (noon and early evening). The store itself is much bigger than it seems from the outside, and there is quite a wide variety of Asian food and  merchandise within, though selections tend to be more limited compared to Lee Lee or Ranch Super L. You'll find most of what you'll need here in terms of Asian produce, packaged/bottled/canned foods - not all, though. For instance, I can't find Tiparos, the very popular brand of fish sauce which is now found even in regular supermarkets, although this place does have other brands including a vegetarian (!!!) fish sauce. I also wish they'd put better lighting in the store and make the floors a bit, um, cleaner.
2	A fairly good selection for a market this small. I'm not sure that I'm brave enough to purchase "fresh" fish, poultry or meat here however. Not dirty dirty, but not clean either. Produce is abysmal. You also will not receive any help here. You can ask for assistance, but the most I have ever gotten was an index finger pointing to "NUMBER 9!" (meaning the aisle number). I only go here because its close and I mainly buy only prepackaged items like Vietnamese coffee, spices, etc.
4	Its great place to buy fresh vegetables. We can find all fresh Indian vegetables.  Note that,  they will get vegetables stock on Wednesday and will be over by evening. Vegetables are very fresh and available in reasonable price. They baked fresh bread and its awesome.I never tried non veg and other items. They do have lot of noodles.The reason being for 4 starts is - they don't know full English and item name won't be there in the billing
4	Mochi mochi mochi! A mochi source near my neighborhood, not all the way out at Cofco or, worse yet, in Chandler.This is a hole-in-the-wall market, bigger than a bodega but not at all on a supermercado scale. It has a lot of noodles. Honestly, it has more noodles than seems logically possible.There is an aisle of Indian sauces, which is excellent, because no matter how much I like the Indian market in Tempe, it's a haul. There is an aisle of Mexican beans and other Goya products, which I thought a little pricey but I didn't take a full look for anything exotic. There are shrimp crackers. There are completely inexplicable boxed pastries, as well as packaged moon pies (the Chinese kind, not the North Carolina kind). There is an aisle of rice cookers and little blue bowls.This is not your spot for frozen wonders -- I think the cold section might be only refrigerated, and I'm not sure I even understood much of what it was. In general, you'll want to be able to sort of cook, at least on the level of rehydrating your noodles, reheating your Beef Balls (actual product), and heating them in a helpful jar of sauce.The lighting runs dim, but I wouldn't have said it's dirty or smelly; I've been to far, far grungier places in small towns back East. The staff don't necessarily speak English (or, at least, not to you), so you'll want to be confident in the thing you're doing (or so devil-may-care that you will regard it as a pleasant surprise if a mystery can turns out to be tripe in bitter melon sauce, which I can't guarantee is an actual product, but I can't guarantee it isn't, either). Also: the truly daring can get pastries filled with durian creme.I'm going with four stars because the place is jammed with useful ingredients, and it is a frequent source of frustration to me that regular supermarkets have "Asian" sections consisting of three cans of Chun King products and a couple of Thai boxed dinners, with no Indian food at all. So I'm looking mostly for "exotic" ingredients and emergency mochi; if the butcher counter inspires terror, I've probably already bought meat elsewhere in a form that doesn't dispute my belief that hamburger grows on trees in little plastic-wrapped packages.
2	Not all Asian markets are made equal.  Tan Phat is no exception.  And we have not been impressed by this store...sadly, too, as it's so close to home.Here's the run down.  The organization of the store is fine.  At one end they have large refrigerators (maybe freezers?) and kitchen tools/dining supplies.  At the other they have produce.  Along the back wall they have a variety of fresh meats.  I'll admit, we've bought very little here, though partly because we were unable to FIND what we were looking for.  Everything in between seems to be organized by categories, some very specific some very broad: there's an aisle for rice noodles, almost exclusively, and another for Indian products.While the store is pretty large (two or three times the size of our favorite little Viet store back in Utah), the selection seems to be pretty sparse.  The shelves have a lot of the same taking up a lot of the space.  We have tried to find flat broad wheat noodles (which seem to be hard to find in Phoenix, to be fair) and Hon-dashi, both to no avail.  We also were unable to find anything but soft tofu on one visit.I think the biggest hang up for me, just before the lack of merchandise, is the difficulty we've had in communicating with the staff.  While I'm by no means an ardent believer of "In Murica we speak English!" I feel that if you're going to open a business that does draw a diverse clientele (I've seen others of various backgrounds, who also don't speak Vietnamese) it's important to expand your vocabulary enough to meet the needs and answer the questions of patrons.  This does not appear to be a priority for this business, and, as such, we're willing to make the drive to LF Market on Bell Rd instead.I've also noticed others mention the cleanliness of the store and, well, I don't really care, to be honest.  I've noticed lots of stores similar to Tan Phat are comparably dingy.  It's not a priority for me, though.  I actually kind of like that feel over the sterilized feeling in most American grocery stores.Now, if you speak Vietnamese, and your wants are within their stock, by all means, come here.  We still do, sometimes, but it's certainly _not_ our go-to store.
2	Giving this place one star for carrying daifuku mochi (adzuki bean), albeit the processed, boxed kind.Other than that, this market was dirty, disorganized, poorly-lit, prices were poorly marked, and it was not customer-friendly in any way.  Zero service.  While the staff at other small specialty Asian markets (not Lee Lee) will ask if you need help, here that didn't happen.  There was a TINY hand-written note on the cash register stating a $10 minimum for credit card use.  Thank goodness I saw that before I looked dumb trying to use mine for a single box of mochi.I won't be back.  Lee Lee carries fresh mochi, if you can catch it in stock.  New Tokyo has a better brand of packaged mochi (plus frozen types).  Cost Plus is closer and much more enjoyable to shop at, and their packaged mochi is only a little worse tasting than the brand this market carries.
