5	Brand new (only opened 1 week ago) Korean bakery/pastry store/cafe. Many Korean specialties (chestnut bread) as well as Western delights:fudge brownies(yummy& just right consistency),lunch breads,from pizza baguette to calmari-stuffed blackish bread stick! There are several tables at the side and back of the store,the baked goods are well displayed,hygenically sealed,or glass encased,easily accessible, (the cakes and pastries are behind the refrigerated glass counter),and competitively priced. The location is directly across from the Concordia University's Hall building ,so come this school year,this shop should be doing a very brisk business indeed.
5	This place needs more recognition! Today was my second time visiting this cute little pretty brand new Korean bakery on Bishop. My first visit I had the green tea bingsoo which is a Korean shaved ice. It was not too sweet, and was like a fancy, interesting, icy cold dessert with a mixture of green tea and what I thought were marshmallows but were (I think) rice dough/cake pieces. My Korean friend told me this particular bakery specializes in bing soo, so if it's your first time and you don't know what to order, go for the bingsoo! You will not be disappointed. They have mango, red bean, green tea etc. I'm not sure which one is the best, but I don't think you can go wrong with any of those options.My second visit, I had a latte and pizza baguette, with a red bean bun that I was supposed to save for my bf but ended up eating a chunk of it with my latte. Both were quite good. They aren't jam packed with flavors the buns and the baguette, but it's still good. I think it might be a good thing because it isn't overly sweet or saucy. The atmosphere of the place is very clean and modern. I really like it. I highly recommend visiting this bakery for a snack/dessert/coffee break if you are a Concordia student/live in the Guy area, or are downtown looking for a sweet spot to check out. Go go go!
5	This place seriously needs more recognition!!! My friend and i tried green tea and mango bingsu and two buns (can't remember the names...) so good! Tasted exactly the same as what I had in Korea! The price is affordable and environment is so nice. Will definitely come more often
4	Went earlier today after hearing good reviews about the bakery on yelp. We got the strawberry bingsoo andbit was delicious! The shaved ice was creamy like it was made of milk and the strawberry was just so fresh! Combined it with the mochie and almond pieces made the desert a  very refreshing and yummy dish. We also grabbed a  couple of pastries to go and they were great as well. They had very interesting taste, sweet creamy and yet still savoury at the same time.
4	I went here with a couple of friends during our trip to Montreal.  I wanted to treat them to a nice patisserie but couldn't find one so we stumbled into this place.  We lucked out as this place had one of the best desserts ever.  We got the cream puffs, hot chocolate and the strawberry and green tea bingsoos (Korean shaved ice dessert). Highly recommended to visit.Food: 5/5, best bingsoo I've ever had in Canada. Snowflake and light ice that didn't melt at all with multiple layers of strawberry sauce and fruit at the top with sweet condensed milk and rice cake.  Service: 4/5, nice staff and everything was available.Ambience: 4/5, cool Christmas K-pop music with nice seating and very well-lit. The place also looked really clean.Price: 4/5. $10 per person which is not bad; the food is really good and totally worth it.
