5	This place is super awesome, if you like this kinda stuff! Its wall to wall stuffed with Southwest/New Mexican/Mexican inspired stuff. And when i say stuff, i actually mean just that - stuff! It is impossible to describe what exactly they sell as they seems to sell it all - furniture, mirrors, antiques, chairs, benches, pictures, ceramics, garden things, house decorations, wall plates, vases, trays, etc, etc, etc list goes on and on. Its super fun to stroll through the isles there awed eye, looking around trying to find something you have not seen yet. And for the most part, do find that weird something you are hunting for. I totally dig this place, and have purchased a few odds and ends from them and plan on hitting it back, every now and again, as their inventory always changes and unique things float in sometimes. I titally can not find a bad thing about this place as their service is always good, prices are fair and more often then not they even have 25%-50% off sales. One can not beat that. "I like""Very nice"
5	this is by far our favorite store for both furniture and accessories. The prices are perfect and the people are very nice. We never go anywhere else.
4	I bought semi-custom couch, love-seat, ottoman set. I am very happy with the quality, delivery (2 weeks earlier than quoted), and pricing. The only thing that bugged me and almost made me walk was the owner is way too "used car salesman". The stuff coming out of his mouth was so far from believable that it was an insult to my intelligence. Deal directly with a blond hair lady who I am guessing is in here early 50's. I don't know if she is a manager or owner's wife. I can't remember her name, but she gets right down to business without any BS.
5	Aaaahmazing!!! This store has really really neat pieces.  It's my go to place if I need furniture, because everything is well built and beautiful.
5	Love Love Love this store!  Great furniture and Great Service.  Dennis the owner is so accomodating.  We have bought several items from this store and we tell all of our friends and family out this place.
5	What a fun store!  They have a wide variety of southwestern themed items for inside and outside the home.  I go about once a month to just browse because they frequently get new items.  The prices are reasonable and the owners and employees have always been very friendly and helpful.  My husband likes the furniture in their space next door too.  They have household furniture that has a serious southwestern theme, and then they have fun stuff like a wooden bar or beer chest with the Corona logo on it.  Looks like something you'd find at a beachy bar in Mexico.  Wish we had lots of money to just go crazy in this place.
4	Good stuff.
5	New management is great - they go above and  beyond in their customer service. We definitely will shop there again. The manager, Carlos is so accommodating and professional. Highly recommend this store if looking for quality wooden pieces and Mexican "art" pieces. Anita S.
