5	I am a local Real Estate Broker and Property Manager  and have used Molly on several occassions to not only clean my own house but also other rental properties that I manage . She works hard and is priced quite reasonbly.  I would recommend her to anyone looking for a good cleaning service.Chris Harvey
5	This company, headed by Molly Barber, has been cleaning my home for over three years and I am consistently pleased with the results. Communication is excellent, scheduling changes are easy to arrange from both sides, and I am more than comfortable providing access when I am not at home.  I have recommended the company to several friends who are all equally satisfied. Highly recommend.
5	Molly and American Maid are the best cleaners around! Your house will shine and smell great! Molly returned my shower back to move in condition.  I love not having to scrub my shower!! If you're looking for a great cleaning service, look no further. Great prices, great cleaning & a great owner!! I highly recommend Molly, you'll be impressed!
5	Lori and Molly took such great care of us! I called on a Tuesday night and desperately needed condo cleaning on a Wednesday. Lori rearranged their whole schedule so that Molly could come help us out! They did an amazing job. Molly had cleaned the shower 3 times by the time I spoke with her!!! Lori kept me posted throughout the day (condo needed a lot of help and they wanted to make sure I was ok with charges). Very friendly, very accommodating -- they will be my GO TO company. Thanks ladies!!!!
5	I had a good experience with Molly.  I tend to prefer to do business by email (I work in cubicle land) and such as calling someone during 9-5 hours is a pain I try to avoid.  While it took a few emails because of restrictions on my end we found a mutual time that worked.  I hadn't worked with a housecleaner before but I was particular about what I needed (and didn't need done) in a 3-hour timeframe and she did that list to a tee, even finishing a bit early.   I did try to hire her again for a couple days before Christmas, but I only had a small window of time to work with and she was already booked (my own fault.)  But again, the mails were polite and professional.
