5	Having a car repaired can be extremely unpleasant.  Who knows if the mechanics have done a good job?  That's why I asked for recommendations from co-workers when I needed a good auto shop.  I followed their advice and have never regretted taking my car to Greulich's.  I just went again on May 20.  This time I only needed an oil change and fluids checked.  I drive often between S.Cal. and Phoenix in the summer and must have a dependable car.  The mechanic behind the desk is always polite and knowledgable; the lobby is clean; and the service is first-rate.  They always offer to drive you home and pick you back up after the job is done, so you don't have to wait.  On the 20th, besides having the oil changed and fluids checked, Greulich's replaced the radiator cap which looked worn.  They knew that I had some desert driving ahead of me and thought it would be safer to get a new one.  At the end of the visit, I was told to forget about paying because I was a good customer.  Now that's the way to get me to return!  My car has 130,000 miles on it and so it has needed work over the years.  I've always had a good experience at Greulich's.
5	Been here a couple times. It came highly recommended. The guy up front is very friendly. My check engine light had been on for a week. I came in, he helped me right away- didn't try to take advantage, or oversell me like other mechanics do when they see a single girl. The first time, I actually had to leave my car here because it was totally dead- (needed new spark plugs) he worked with me and gave me a discount which I appreciated as times are tough! I feel safe leaving my car here, I feel like this is a good honest local shop.
5	I have been coming to Greulich's Automotive for years.   I found out about this place from a friend and it was close to my work, so I thought I'd check it out.  I had to to get my electronic seat fixed and an oil change.  I didn't have a way to get to work since I needed to leave my car there, the manager actually drove me to and from work so I can get my car fixed. Just a month ago, I needed my back light fixed and they did it for free.  I also, came back for a circuit that was out and they did it for $30 when Nissan was charging me $160.  I didn't have cash on me, so they said I can come and bring it to them whenever!  HA!  I did come back with $30 cash a few days later!  ;-)  I have always had a GREAT experience here and recommend Greulich on Greenway to anyone!
5	I had a nail in my tire and pulled in.  They got me right in and with 15 minutes I was back on the road.  AND THEY DIDN'T CHARGE ME.  I will be going there for all my auto needs.  Great customer service.  Thank you guys
4	I've been coming here for a few years since moving to Phoenix.  They do a great job, and the prices are reasonable.  I just had new brakes added, and honestly thought it would cost more.  They are real busy on Saturday's, but if you can swing a mid-afternoon appointment later in the week, it's not a long wait.  Anytime I've had to wait way longer than expected, I've been hooked up with free oil changes, which helps me decide on coming back.
5	I live in Santa Monica, CA but used to take my car Audi and Honda here.  Upon visiting my family, I realized they had a laundry list of issues with my Mom's Ford and Sister's Mitsubishi.  Both cars needing brakes and other maintenance work, I did not want to take chances with cheap shop but also didn't want to spend dealership prices.  I remembered this shop from years back. Dennis the Assistant Manager did a thorough run down of both cars and the list of issues each had.  Brakes, Rotors, Brake Flush, Fuel System Cleaner for bad MPG, Suspension, Motor Mounts etc (known issue already) and many other issues.  Dennis never rushed me as I had to decide  which ones had highest priority.  Being that were 2 cars dealing with,  he then applied every coupon he could.  I opted for cheaper brakes on the Ford since it is barely driven.  However upon taking it home, I was not satisfied with the stopping power.  We decided to upgrade to the ceramic pads and pick up the car the next morning.  Dennis proudly said, try them now.  Night and day difference and did not charge for the upgrade as he wanted to make sure  we were happy and everything was up to par.  Clearly future work will be done here as well.  As a business owner myself it's always great to see good customer service.  Thank you.
5	Best damn shop ever. My truck had major issues with engine cylinders not firing. Very complex issue that another shop failed to fix. These guys took a look, gave me an estimate and fixed it.  They fix two dead engine cylinders in 3 days. Last shop took 3 weeks to fix and failed. So glad I went here and they really do know their stuff. Pricing was fair. Also found an awesome diner for food in the same parking lot.
5	I absolutely loathe spending money on my car and a few days ago, my brakes were making a funny noise. I called Greulich's to see when I could get my car in and checked out. The guy on the phone told me to come in whenever and they'd take a look. I stopped in on a Monday morning before 8am, they got my car in right away and figured out the problem immediately. I ended up needing new brake pads, rotors and a few other things. I wasn't expecting to spend money on brakes so soon since I got them done a year and a half prior, but they gave me great discounts and even threw in some freebies since I told them I couldn't afford to do everything they recommended. They had my car done within an hour, offered to take me to work, and did a great job. I still hate spending money on my car but I'm really glad I came to Greulich's and will continue to do so. They know what they are doing, they're fast and great at what they do. Definitely great customer service.
1	One would wonder why they have appointments at this establishment. I've had appointments on TWO different occasions (I was about 10 -15 minutes early because I respect peoples time & the commitment to an appointment) and after getting there; they tell me they're behind 1 -2 hours. No warning phone call. Nothing. I won't be returning here. Jiffy lube down the street has better customer service.
5	I have always had good luck with this establishment.  The guys are wonderful and fast and efficient.  I would recommend to everyone.Ella Evans
5	The guys that run this place are the nicest guys you ever want to meet! Fair, and Honest. Great service, no hidden crap, no surprises! I have been using them for around the last year, for all my routine maintenance. Sometimes is does help to call ahead for an appointment, as they are getting very popular, as you can see by the reviews.
1	Worst customer service I've ever experienced. After having oil changes done here for several years by front desk staff that were wonderful, staff changed and this visit was the rudest experience of my life. I've never been treated with such total disrespect and rudeness - all because I did not have them do a transmission flush they recommended at my last  visit. I ended up leaving without having the scheduled oil change done.
1	Wow, there are quite a few five star reviews.  I try not to call into question the legitimacy of other reviewers but my experience was very different from these five star reviewers.  I had an experience similar to the reviewer from Fremont, CA.  I brought in the bait and switch $15.88 oil change, fluid check and tire rotation coupon downloaded directly from their website.  They told me that my car ('09 3.8 genesis) required a special oil filter.  This is a falsehood.  When I called in to set an appointment, the person on the phone told me that the coupon would not work because my car required full synthetic oil.  I told him that he was incorrect and that the owner's manual only suggested synthetic blend.  When I realized that they were trying to charge me for a full priced oil change, I asked the person over the phone if the coupon would work and he said, "yes."  It was only when I drove down there, that they used the filter excuse to invalidate the coupon and charge me just under $29.  Additionally, I did not receive the tire rotation.  This is pretty much the definition of Bait and Switch.
4	Update: I was contacted by the manager of this location trying to rectify the situation. I am pleasantly surprised by this & am updating my review to 4 stars based off my my past experiences with them.
1	Make sure you have an appt for oil changes and arrive on time. I was 10 mins late for mine and was told there was only 1 employee who did oil changes and he took the next customer. Understandable.
5	I highly recommend this place. Awesome customer service and convenient hours. They set proper expectations and updated me if there were any changes. My car is running great! A special shout out to Mike for educating me during the process.
4	I was in a bind with my car being undriveable. I am used to relying on local mechanics since franchised or chains make me worry. The tow truck driver recommended this location and personally called Scott before he even towed my car. I knew there was extensive damage and was worried about the cost but Scott worked with me and saved me a few dollars and I had my car back after basically one full day. They also have a 90 days same as cash payment plan which helps although I did have to put up half the cost. All in all, I am satisfied. In fact, I had to order a new rim and tire and he gave me his contact info so I can order over the phone and they went and picked it up.
5	The team of mechanics that work for Greulich's Automotive strive for finding and assessing the problem(s) on the cars and trucks brought into them for repairs. My son recently had his car towed to their shop for repairs. They were really good at looking at and diagnosing his car's problems and calling the warranty company to see what would be covered and not covered. Mike, the asst. mgr. kept my son informed every step they took and assisted us with getting the part(s) needed to make the repairs; it made for a smooth and stress free process. They were quick to get the repairs completed so my son would not be without his transportation too long. I would highly recommend this auto repair shop as they are honest, knowledgable and helpful. Their prices are reasonable and affordable.
5	Getting work done on your car is not any fun at all.  I really liked the friendliness and ease Mike R., the service writer, took in explaining what I needed to do and what will need to be done in the future.  The pricing seemed more than fair and for the work I had done it seemed a reasonable amout of waiting time.  You have gained a new customer.  Glad to be supporting a locally-owned business.  Also, I heard them calling for other customers to get better pricing or warranty information in order to get the customer the best price they could.
1	Sloppy work, terrible customer service. The employees here neglect all responsibility, my car was left a greasy mess. I could give you an entire story but I just want to be done with this place. This was by far the worst shop experience that I have EVER had and they are not even deserving of the one star. Not only will I not be going to this location, but any Greulich's location ever again.
5	I just finished the final leg of age-related repairs on my car.  The car is running smoothly and I had great service again.  Glad to be done with car work, but will not hesitate to take my car back to Greulichs when needed.
