5	"One Hamburger, Ah Ah Ah, Two Hamburgers, Ah Ah Ah..."Can you really beat a burger joint that gives you something like 60 different topping choices?I started digging on this place in Palo Alto and was psyched to find out that among the mere 8 locations, including 5 in California, there was 1 in Charlotte.They cook to order, and the temperature is always dead-on - you order medium, and you get medium.  Yeah, they have fries and onion strings and sweet potato fries and veggie burgers and turkey burgers and chicken and you can get your burger in a bowl without the bun and wine and beer and stuff for the kiddies and desserts and milk shakes...but all of that doesn't amount to jack if the burgers aren't good.  BUT THESE BURGERS *ARE* GOOD.  REALLY GOOD.If the weather's nice, you can even sit outside.The service was great when I was there.If you're headed that way, count me in.
3	Over priced, over cooked, and basically just over....I've been twice, they've screwed my order up both times which is amazing considering that you simply check the box of what you want (you essentially take your own order).   The sweet potato fries are delicious, but the burgers were pretty average.   The concept is cool, but the food just isn't there to justify the price.   There are better burgers to be had in Charlotte - try Big Daddy's.
4	Great place for something new and good burgers. I also have had my order messed up on a couple of occasions. There is ususally a wait, so don't go if you are in a hurry.
4	It's a nice change of pace from most of the places I get to grab lunch. Service is a little leisurely, and lunch can take a little over an hour with friends at the table. All of my orders have come out just fine, though my friends did get theirs mixed up a few times. Solid, quality, handcrafted burgers at premium prices. Peanut butter milkshake = break out the Barcalounger for my food coma.
5	For the value, this is one of the best burgers I've had in Charlotte.  It's not a steakhouse burger or a diner, it's a true burger joint.  I had a standard burger with bacon and bbq sauce and it was cooked medium perfectly.  The fried pickles came out hot and crispy and the sweet dipping sauce has a little horseradish kick.  The seasoned french fries are great for sharing because one order is huge.  This is a great date spot or you can hop in quick by yourself for a tasty lunch or dinner on the go. The server was very friendly and attentive.  The only complaint I have is the bathrooms are single occupancy and I waited five minutes for some bloke to get out before I could wash the bbq off my hands.  In a place this big you'd think they'd have bigger washrooms.  But all in all a great experience.
2	I truly wanted to like the counter. A burger joint within minutes of home that didn't have a clown as its mascot? Sounded good to me. Sadly though the reality of the counter is that in 4 visits they screwed up our orders 3 times out of 4. Fairly incredible when you consider that the kitchen is working from customer filled-out checklists.Once when we were in we were one of 3 occupied tables. The food took almost 30 minutes to arrive once ordered. Another time one of the management was at the entrance and was angrily trying to either get the attention of or berate a member of the staff. He did so by raising his hand in the air and repeatedly snapping his fingers at the staffer in full view of the entire restaurant. that sort of thing should be kept behind the scenes. It just made the manager look like an imbecile.On my fourth and final visit I had to send back a burger that I had ordered medium-well that arrived on the rare side of medium. The waiter looked at the burger and said "Our medium well is like that." Their medium-well? I was sort of flabbergasted  and simultaneously amused by the thought of arbitrary meat temperatures, it would save restaurants having to re-cook items. "No ma'am, OUR chicken, unlike other establishments birds, are fully cooked when pink, not to worry." I won;t be going back, when I get a jones for a really good burger I'll drive the extra 8 minutes to Big Daddy's Burger Bar on East Blvd.
3	While I wouldn't say it's an absolutely spectacular burger, I would say that it's above average. You order off a checklist, much like a sushi menu, where you can pick basically any characteristic about your burger. You can choose meat type, size, bun, toppings, sauces, and so on. This really is a pretty good concept that will have you amazed at the selection choices. There are a ton of toppings that you'd never expect to put on your ordinary burger, but I was a little disappointed that with all of the choices, my 2 favorites weren't on the list (chili & coleslaw). And be reminded that you are going to pay for your selection choices, which can make this a pretty pricey burger (plus you have to separately order a side.)The seating area reminds you of a diner & they do have a nice pull yourself up to the bar area. But this is a good place for groups during lunch because it's usually pretty quick considering you order from a checklist & their specialty is burgers.
4	After a day or afternoon of shopping at the South Park Mall, head over the Counter for a great meal at a reasonable price. The name says it all: you literally custom build your own burger (and don't order anything else; come here for the burgers, and the burgers alone). You get to order by checking boxes on a piece of paper. I added mushrooms, cheese and jalapenos to my burger, although there were many other options; my girlfriend's was nothing like mine, for instance. The burgers were delicious: clearly fresh meat, along with fresh toppings, all cooked and prepared perfectly. Our server was incredibly nice, too. One warning: if you order the onion rings or fries, make sure they come out with your burgers. We ordered ours and they came out early. We didn't have the patience to hold off and so gorged ourselves, almost ruining our meal. The fries are great and the onion strings even better, but use caution while feasting.
4	The Counter, why did it have to take an out-of-towner to get me here?  For a chain, you rock!  Atmosphere - Inside is, stark, industrial, blue/green, and sterile w/ metal chairs.  Patio area was both cool and not cool at the same time.  Cool cause you can eat outside, not cool cause it is near a very busy intersection of Park Rd.Service - T-shirt clad staff cheerfully help you out.  Suggested we check the outdoor seating area prior to us committing on eating in the patio area (to see if it was too windy).  Server helped this Counter newbie through the order process.  I liked her.  Food - Excellent!  I do not eat many beef burgers (because they are fatty) but skipped the turkey burger and grilled chicken selections for what I was told this place does best.  I ordered w/ my golf pencil in hand using the simple checklist sheet provided to me at arrival.  I ordered the 1/3lbs beef burger, medium, on the hamburger bun (not honey wheat & not the muffin) w/ tomato, baby greens, pickle and roasted red peppers.  For what is normally considerer  sides, fries and onions rings, they bring out as appetizers, which was kind of odd.  The burger was juicy and made as ordered.  Next time I may skip the roasted red peppers, as the juice/ oil degraded the bun a little more than I cared.  The fries (I know this is out of order, but so were the sides) were simple w/ season salt added and the thinly sliced onion rings were sweet tasting crispy goodness.      FYI - Coworker ordered the 2/3lbs burger and it looked like meatloaf on a bun!  Stick w/ the 1/3lbs, as it is much more manageable.Price - $7.95, Burger, Fries $4 and drink...I forget.Overall - Go here for a good burger.  Skip anything healthy ya pansy!!!
4	Pretty good burgers!  This place has a cool concept of "custom-built" burgers.  You select everything from the type of meat, bun, cheese, toppings and sauce.  Finally you can order a good burger that tastes home-made without it being a gut-bomb!My only complaint about why this place doesn't get 5 stars is that it can be rather pricey...lunch for two with two burgers, sharing a small fry, and some waters can run over $20, which is a tad bit ridiculous for burgers.  Still, you can create some awesome combinations that you won't be able to find anywhere else, and I guess for the great ingredients it's worth the price of admission.  Definitely would go back!  Wish they had more around the nation -- I was only passing through Charlotte on my way to DC from Atlanta.
2	I really wanted to love this place.  I went a long time ago thought it was overpriced but not disappointing, then I let my guard down and went again this past weekend because it is close to my house.  My husband and I both decided to write it off.  We gave it a fair shot and if it were inexpensive burgers wrapped in wax paper it might even be better.  My burger was undercooked, I checked the mayo box, I had to ask for mayo.  You would think if all you serve are burgers, you would get the condiments correct.  It isn't bad, it's just average.  But hey, in  my photos the food  looks great!!
3	I really liked the idea even though Burger King came up with "Have it Your Way" first.   The topping choices were plentiful and the fresh, they had Chimay so the beer selection was above average, but I just didn't love the actual burger.  It tasted as if it was frozen, then thawed, then frozen again.  If I am in the area and hungry for a burger and beer I will stop in again- I would not however race across town to return.
2	So we had heard that The Counter had the best burgers ever.  I'm a fan of burgers, and though we aren't in the South Park area often, we had passed by often enough to make me want to make a special trip by to check it out.The menu alone just about had my mouth watering.  Pencil in hand, it was all I could do to contain myself and figure out just what I was going to order.  That was actually the start of the problem.Though McDonald's may not have the best quality in the world, they make up for it by telling you just what you can get.  They make it easy for you by not making it too hard on the brain, and they also give you great pictures.The Counter could go a long way by putting up some pictures of employee creations - something like the pre-made concoctions that they do at Cold Stone Creamery.  That way you would at last have some ideas, rather than giving you all this burger overload that is so intimidating.  And yes, they had a burger of the month (which I ordered, and wasn't bad), but they need more than one such option.After giving in and figuring out what might work, we sat down and waited.  And waited.  And waited.  Horrible, really, considering that we were the only people in there on a weekday afternoon.  I will never comprehend how restaurants cannot serve two people when no one is there, nor can they serve hundreds of people when its packed.  It's like they just don't want to do their job.In any case, we also ordered a "hobo pack" of grilled vegetables.  It would have been better to get a can of mixed vegetables from the grocery store and eat them raw.  From the can.  It was one of the worst things we have ever eaten.The burgers finally arrived, and they were... average.  A lot of it was certainly perception, having been built up in our mind that we would experience something great.  Then we had to wait, all the while eating from this hobo pack, perhaps prepared by an actual hobo (who probably has higher standards, so I insult hobos around the world, and that is not my intention).Next time, we'll go to Five Guys.  Or McDonald's.  And just take a menu from The Counter to enjoy.
3	Went on a Monday at around 2:45 for a late lunch with my parents. Friendly waiter explained the concept and left us alone for a few minutes to ponder the menu. They have a clipboard with a checklist of sorts (similar to a sushi menu.. as mentioned in another review) as well as a separate menu with the fries/onion straws/appetizers as well as a few pre-made sandwiches. I got a 1/3 lb beef burger cooked medium with grilled onions, grilled pineapple, roasted red peppers, mixed greens, melted provolone, and caramelized onion jam on a toasted honey wheat bun. Dad got one of the veggie burgers. We split a half/half order of sweet potato fries and onion straws. The waiter might have checked yelp, because he asked if we wanted those to come out as an appetizer or with our meals! They were fantastic. The burger was juicy and perfectly cooked. I loved the toppings too... they were fresh and a nice departure from the typical burger joint/chain restaurant. As far as the beef taste I think I prefer five guys, but this was nice and beefy with a woody grilled taste. My two complaints are that it was difficult to eat and that the toppings were an odd mixture of hot and cold (the red peppers and onion jam were chilled). I didn't get to taste dad's veggie, but he was pleased with it.. and I was happy that it wasn't a morningstar product (not that those aren't tasty in their own right). As far as cost goes.. although it doesn't come with fries, $7.95 for a 1/3 lb burger with that many toppings in a restaurant seems fair to me. I think they could charge more given their swanky location (albeit hidden, it is surrounded by the likes of a cigar shop, a crate and barrel, and some luxury residences). It's definitely worth a try if you're in the area!(also, I didn't eat them but the chili cheese fries I spied on another table looked amazingly decadent)
3	The Counter seems like a decent place, with decent burgers.  The prices are more South Park Mall than Burger Bar though, so I leave feeling like I paid far more than I should. The custom burgers are a nice touch and the food is fresh.  However, the best burger in Charlotte is PENGUIN, hands down, and I'm not sure that I value the place enough to pay $9 for a burger.Great place for weekend lunch, if I'm not paying!
2	Maybe people like this place because you get a clipboard and a tiny pencil, maybe because you get to fill out a form... I like clipboards, LOVE forms.  Unfortunately, they build up the burger too much.  The expectation of the perfect burger might be working against them here... its the form, I tell you...  the form and the clipboard.  I like the concept and I love sweet potato fries.  The burgers were below average, very dry.  I understand that there are health regulations on how rare ground beef can be cooked in NC, so that's not the problem.  I have had great burgers in this state so I know its possible.  For $9 without any sides, I'm expecting a pretty good burger.I would recommend this place if you want to go for the novelty, but you might want to skip it if you are craving a great burger.
4	Good burgers, though a little over priced.  I do enjoy the option to pick everything I'd want on the burger.  There are so many toppings that I'd never get bored.  Service was excellent.  I would definitely eat there again. I especially enjoyed the garlic aioli topping.  Good lunch restaurant.
3	The build your own burger concept is nothing new, but they do have some interesting toppings to put on as well as a variety of buns.  I ended up going for a 1/3 lb. brie (yes, brie.  One of the most underrated cheeses for hamburgers) and ham burger.  It was incredibly juicy and tasty.  The down side however is that the food is rather expensive.  My hamburger ended up just shy of $10.   Toppings like bacon, ham, fried onions and mushrooms cost an extra $1 on top of their base price ($8 for a 1/3 burger).  A second cheese is also an extra $1.  The standard lettuce, tomato, onions and pickles uses up your 4 free toppings, so anything more you'll have to pay an extra 50 cents.   Then there's the $3 for a single serving of fries (although with the size of the burgers, you probably will want to split the fries.)   And there's the shakes, though delicious cost $5 which made me channel Vincent Vega from Pulp Fiction.So, good food, but not worth the extra expense in my opinion.
4	Dried Cranberries? On a burger? You betcha! With Danish Blue Cheese, Roasted Red Peppers, Cucumber, Grilled Onions, Honey Cured Ham and topped off with some hot wing sauce.  As you walk in, they hand you a checklist to create your own burger.  I've attached a picture of my work of art.  Two other wonderful touches: you can actually get the patty pink and they serve the sauces on the side to control the distribution. Try the 50/50 starter with sweet potato fries and onion strings.  Oh, they're delightful.  The atmosphere was a little noisy and a little messy and their selection of buns was really lean (only options were Plain, Honey Wheat, and English Muffin).  Real Kaiser or Onion Rolls would be nice additions.  It's a fun concept and a heck of a tasty burger.
4	We were craving a burger and remembered this joint right next to South Park mall.....it definitely hit the spot!My wife and I split a chocolate milk shake which was awesome, but a tad expensive for what you get. We go the 50/50 split with fries/onion strings which was a great complement to our meal and a good value, they really give you a lot!The burgers are pretty good but it would be nice to have some more "specials" or "customer favorite" type burgers which already have the ingredients picked out for you. We enjoyed the meal and will go back next time we are craving a gourmet burger!
3	Overall the food is good.  The french fries and onion rings are great and they give you plenty!!!  Lunch for 2 with a burger and chicken sandwich, a 50/50 order (half fries/half onion rings), and two teas cost $34....somewhat pricey!  And if you are eating inside, it's loud when it's crowded.
4	The only people who don't enjoy The Counter are people with zero creativity. It is definitely not your typical burger joint with predetermined concoctions, it requires a bit of effort. Upon entering the counter, one is greeted with a clipboard and an order sheet to create the perfect burger. The choice begins with your meat selection: beef, chicken, turkey, veggie, or the market selection (often a game meat). On to selection of cheese, topics (up to four, premium toppings such as guacamole are extra), sauce and bun choice (or a bowl with lettuce it that suits for fancy). I chose a beef burger with sharp provolone, guacamole, lettuce, tomatoes, corn and black bean salsa, red onion, and chipotle aioli on a honey wheat bun. The meat was amazing and the my selection of toppings made a damn fine burger. To accompany my beefy masterpiece, I sampled some fried pickles and a small order of fries. The fried pickles arrived with a ranch sauce and apricot sauce. The apricot sauce was a surprising complement to the saltiness of the pickle which resulted in an untouched side of ranch. The fries were perfectly crispy and shoe string thin. I used my leftover chipotle aioli for my fries- - a delicious combination.Clearly, I cannot say enough positive things about The Counter. If you are a burger enthusiast, I certainly suggest going. They provide a list of "signature burgers" but I would urge you to make your own. And start out with an order of fried pickles. Its great for kids too.
4	The burgers and sides are very good.  My biggest problem is making the burger so rich I can't eat it!Some sides are a great size (fries, sweet potatoes fries, onion strings) meant for sharing but whe I tried the Fried Pickles I was very dissappointed...8 pickle chips.
4	on one of my visits to charlotte, i got to try this place out with a friend.  i heard there's a counter in roswell, ga too, but ironically enough, it's too far.  the counter location in charlotte was at least close to my parents' house.  we got there early and there was no line.  the server explained everything to us.  we were given clipboards and got to work making our decisions.  we started with the fried pickles.  delicious!  i've had fried pickles before but they were super sour.  i like that these fried pickles were in the between stages of cucumber and pickle.  they weren't too sour and they weren't too cucumber-y.  they tasted really good with the ranch and ok with the apricot dipping sauce.  i'm not a big fan of mixing savory with sweet so i spent most of my time with the ranch.  i ordered the beef burger on honey whole wheat with sharp provolone, roasted red peppers, cucumbers, corn and black beans, and jalapenos with tzatziki sauce.  it was really tasty.  and what i liked most was that the toppings didn't overpower the taste of the burger.  all the toppings were very light-tasting, allowing the burger to stand out.  it's not the best burger i've had, but i liked that you can make your own burger.  almost like a five guys with a lot more options although you are paying for the difference.it's a very good lunch-spot to visit but get there early or you'll have to wait in line.  after we left, there was a line forming out the door.
4	Tied with Big Daddy's for best burger in Charlotte, although Big Daddy's has more of a neighborhood restaurant feel and is more fun.  Plenty of options, the menu where you check what you want on your burger is a great idea.  Also, big daddy's offers salads.  Tries a bit too hard to have a California feel.  Skip the milkshake.
4	We love this place, its casual and when you have a craving for a burger it will hit the spot.  The turkey burgers and veggie burgers are really good too.  Their checkbox menu is fun and lets you customize your burger just how you like it.  The burger toppings are not all the usual suspects which is refreshing. The industrial/modern decor is slightly off, but who cares, you don't go here for the ambience.  They have an outdoor patio in the back that's nice too...
3	I went here recently for lunch and ordered the 1/3 burger and fries.  After receiving my selection, which I ordered off a notepad with a golf pencil, I noted the burger seemed smaller than the last time I was here...but still tasty.  Upon finishing, I was informed by the manager that they would be closing in a few weeks (so I figure there must be something to these burger wars of the CLT...and The Counter is losing).  It seems this site of The Counter (of the west coast Counters) is being closed and changed to a new restaurant called The Cowfish (Sushi/ Burger/ Bar).  In addition, I was informed they would be tearing out a wall to make the space larger.  Based on the website www.thecowfish.com the food will take on a different look...a look of Asian inspired burgers and of course, sushi...seemed interesting.  I just hope that they increase the patty size/ value of their food or this place will be just another overpriced burger joint to add to the burger wars of the CLT.  Don't forget to tell your grandkids who won!
2	Maybe it was because we just came from the financial advisor's office, but prices seemed high for a burger, then i had to choose toppings each with their own charge, a charge for mayo? Luckily ketchup and mustard were on the house. i suppose i am becoming not a fan of places where you build what you want and get charged along the way (Revolution Pizza). i suppose i'd rather select from some pre-developed recommended combination for a fairer price. Anywho, my 1/3 burger with jalopenos and jack cheese was actually pretty good, especially in comparison to the bland turkey thingie the wife ordered. i took a bite of hers and it was kind of like biting into a salad on bread with craisins. Apparently i should have read Chad E's review on the hobo pack. It was just a wrapped up pile of veggies with not enough of the good stuff or the good taste we were seeking. It was definitely not worth the five or six bucks. i was happy with my $1 single fry that allowed me to get some fries on top of the vegetable option. Just enough to cover my need for fries with a burger (although i would prefer it be included with the burger cost).No complaints about the staff, they were friendly and did their jobs well. Normally, i'd say 3 stars because they didn't let me down but the truth is we probably won't venture back in here.
3	This isn't a fancy joint. It's an empty, cavernous place with lots of echoes when there are people talking and little kids screaming.On the plus side, you can build yourself a really good burger. There are plenty of items from which to choose and a TwoFromColumnB-style menu.The meat patty was bland and unremarkable, but after you create your culinary masterpiece, you'll never taste the meat anyhow.
4	Last time I was in Charlotte, my husband and I were RAVENOUS after we got off of our flight (it was a LONG day for us). I have been to a LOCAL Counter here in California, but wanted to try the tuns burger that they had as the "Market" burger of the month.We had the standard sweet potato fries (though I prefer dill pickle chips) as a side, and they were probably super great because of not having eaten almost all day. THe burger was great but yes, the place is VERY cavernous and it was distracting and not fun for my head after a full day.They were attentive, but the hours REALLY needed to be posted. On the door (they weren't!). All in all, a good experience for the place, though I prefer the one here.
1	The Counter has closed!!! It's now something called The Cowfish, a sushi/burger bar.  WTF??  We loved the Counter.  Sad to see it didn't make it.  Thank GOD Big Daddy's is close to us in Ballantyne... however, we have now lost our favorite lunch spot when we go to South Park mall.
