5	This market is my new favorite place.  I hate grocery shopping but I don't mind going here.  It's self check out which is great.  No long lines.  They have a great selection of fresh food including pre-prepared foods that are out of this world.  They give out coupons like four in a row that accomodate the whole few months of shopping.  I've saved $20.00 several times using their coupons.  They sell all of their own brands so the savings is awesome.  This place seems to be catching on nicely in the valley.  I LIKEY !!!
4	Yea!!! I love this place :) They have great deals on produce and other food items. It doesn't have the widest variety, but I'd rather go here than anywhere else to shop. I'll try to change my menu so I don't have to go other places. I'm one of those people that loathes grocery shopping, but I like to go here. You have self check out, it's not busy and things are displayed nicely so you can see the prices and know what you're getting. Definitely a fan, I will only go to other stores if they don't have things that I need here :) Plus, they have a place you can drop off cans, plastic bags and plastic bottles to be recycled. I wish they took glass too!
5	This is my favorite grocery store. They have their own brands that make very delicious foods. They also have amazing free samples every day. I really like their princess cupcakes. They have pretty frosting! I like their carrot cake stuff, too.I also have what seems to be a second family there. This one employee told me once that I look just like his granddaughter and that he kept mistaking me for her, so I call him my grandpa now. :) I haven't seen him for a while, but I don't have as much time to go over anymore.Lastly, they have good markdowns sometimes, but it gets really competitive between customers. Everyone wants good deals.
4	Love their fresh OJ...Fresh juices are great.  Kids love the easy to prepare single servings that are packaged up and easy to cook.  I also like the fresh and easy water, 24 pack it tastes better than arrowhead.  I also like the hybrid parking in front.
5	This was my favorite thing about Las Vegas.  98 cent deals on veggies are amazing.  All prices are so much cheaper than other groceries we visited.  The idea of having all self check out isles is so smart!
4	My family and I enjoy shopping at Fresh & Easy.  The food is always fresh and tasty.  This store is convenient because it's on the way home from the gym.The only reason why I gave this store 4 Stars is because of it's size and selection.  I realize that Fresh & Easy stores are not meant to be large, so I guess I will never rate a Fresh & Easy 5 Stars.  I think a supermarket should have more options than the few that Fresh & Easy have.  Although it earned 4 Stars because the few items they have are very good.
4	Had to work on the "Honey-Do" list yesterday, so I stopped by Fresh & Easy on the way home from the gym to pick up some fresh fruits & yogurt.  While I was there, I couldn't help myself....the Beer & Wine aisle was calling me, so I stopped by and picked up some Stella, Dos XX, and Big Kahuna....damn, why can't I just get in/out of this place?I enjoy shopping here and will return soon.
5	This is my go-to grocery store, next to Smiths, that is. The store is always kept clean and neat. They have quite a few clearance sections and all sales are always clearly marked. The employees are super friendly.Don't go when it first opens though. A lot of elders crowd the door the first thing in the morning to get the clearance stuff. You don't want to knock over your grandma, would you?! This store is highly recommended.
5	Ok, I'm upgrading Fresh & Easy to 5 Stars for the following reasons....- Their fresh baked Bread from Il Fornaio......I'm a Bread lover and it's freakin' amazing....I crave it.- Their No HFCS Whole Grain White Bread....a Bread lover's dream.- Their discounted pre-made meals.  You can pick up some great meals for under $2.50 if you go early in the morning when they mark them down.Will I return?  Hell yeah!
5	Great produce at good prices, when I'm feeling lazy ( often ) the pre prepared meals are great and because I'm a Brit I love the curries. There are always some free samples served by super nice staff . Everything is great , it's not too big so you cannot complete your full grocery shop but what they do have is fresh . Self checkout is easy to use , it's next to Sun City so there's lots of old people riding scooters so watch your toes. Love it
4	This place is great! They have a great selection of fruits and meats and the typical groceries.. They have great on-the-go foods too.. Prices aren't bad.. And it's never too packed in here and I love how the employees always help you bag your stuff.
4	Every Fresh and Easy product I have tried has been delicious. Prices are reasonable, and at this location I have never seen it busy so you can take your time looking over the products.I have issues with the staff at this location. I feel that I'm not old enough to be considered a senior citizen and not rich looking enough to be considered a Summerlin elite shopper, so they feel like I don't need/deserve help. And I always have to wait for someone to clear my alcohol purchase. Great prices on wine, that's for sure!
3	I haven't been to a Fresh & Easy since they first came to Las Vegas.  I wasn't impressed back then and walked out without buying anything.  I didn't come back to this chain until today when I was on the hunt for soft foods (long story) and thought I'd give Fresh & Easy a shot.  They definitely have more selection than they did before, at least at this location.  Beer and wine as far as the eye can see!  But the store seems to have an identity crisis. They carry some regular grocery store items.  Tide, Cheerios, etc.  But they don't have enough so you can actually do all your grocery shopping here.  They also have some unique specialty items, but not enough to get me excited about shopping here.  I'd rather they just pick a side.  Are we a typical grocery store or are we a rip off of Trader Joe's?The thing that really got me is the mandatory self-checkout combined with the Friends loyalty card thing.  First, some people suck at self-checkout.  Give another option.  The store was filled with poor hapless folks who did not know how to bag their groceries, present company included.  Second, how am I supposed to get the stupid loyalty card when there is no one to ask for it.  I tried to sign up online but they won't mail it to you.  I have to go to the store.  Which means I have to hunt down some stockperson or something?  I didn't see any cashiers or customer service. Meanwhile, I have to pay more until I can get a card from someone. It's all very confusing and makes me sad. (Maybe next time I'll buy booze and then someone will have to talk to me to make sure I'm 21.)I got some very tasty chocolate pudding and they have soft pretzel Lean Pockets that I haven't seen anywhere else.  So it's not all bad.  But the Friends card and the self-checkout are throwing this first timer for a loop.
3	What I love: lots of gluten free items fresh, affordable produce no high fructose corn syrup or MSG in ANY of their products!THE CLEARANCE SECTION (YES!!!)What I absolutely HATE:They offer NOTHING but self checkout!!!! (who was the "yes" man on THAT decision??)
5	Their restaurant style chips and fresh hummus. nom nom nom
4	.98 cent fresh baked Italian bread loafs and the Pesto Hummus is winnahs here! (update: The Italian Bread Loafs are now $1.29 I believe)One thing I can say about Fresh & Easy would be the convenience of this Market. If you were looking for something to eat, instead of going to a 7-11 or McDonald's, there is an already made section of microwavable "fresh made" foods that aren't previously frozen. If you are on the go, and you are worried about microwaving it, at the checkout section, there is a microwave available meant to heat up these foods if you are on the go. Besides the ease of already made food, is the .98 cent section and selected produce in the store. Onions, Roma tomatoes, are the two produce I know for sure that are always 98 cents. Oranges, eggplant, potatoes, avocados, tomatillos, jalapenos, and celery are the other produce items that become .98 cents each once in a while. Most produce that you buy at F&E are already made for cooking. Usually they are already cleaned, cut and ready to go. Now making it a convenience in your own kitchen. Every time I shop at F&E, I stop by the 50% off Clearance section in the dairy isle. You can get juices for $1.99 instead of $4.99 and ribs, steaks, veggie sides, already made foods, familiy meals, etc. I got a baby carrots and hummus snack pack for $0.19 one time. There is even a clearance rack for household goods in the main part of the store. One con that I do have for this store, is the rest of the items. Like canned goods, to cereals, and household goods. They are a bit overpriced. I know that they are F&E items, but you are still better off getting the canned goods and other stuff at dollar general or 99 cent store. even smiths or even walmart. That would be my only conThe staff is friendly, their meats are fresh, veggies are fresh, they have already made food items ready to go, the staff is friendly. And if you look in your mail, the add they send you is usually $3 or $5 off if you spend $25 or $30 or more on your next visit!
5	My go to grocery store, I love the $5 off $25 or the $12 of $60 coupons. They have everything I need here and the mark down section is great too, especially if they have the parfaits there for my daughters lunches. They bake most of the bread fresh daily and I am one of those people who like the self checkout. They have a rewards program and I am starting to enjoy their wine section. My favorite time is when they bring out the prime rub for the holidays, which I stock up on and put in the freezer. I love that most products do not contain hydrogenated oils but you still have to read the ingredients to make sure. Very affordable.
3	We may have come at the wrong time of day (New Year's Day, 7:30 pm), but the place was stripped! The only palatable food we were able to find were $3.99 salads and $1.99 bag of Kettle Corn, which were actually pretty bomb. I love F&E for their pre-made, to-go food. I also love that they are self-check only. The machines always work great. Most of the parking in front on the store is "Golf Carts Only," which was kind of weird for us out-of-towners. One of the microwaves was busted, which was also kind of a bummer.As far as F&E's go, there's nothing special about this location. Smaller in size, and seemed a bit more tired than others we've been to. Barring any other options, we would definitely return for those salads.
4	I went back here after a year's absence due to my first finding it to be much below satisfactory. Fortunately, this time I find it's improved greatly.     The things I liked are : It's very clean, aisles are wide, well organized with good signage, right size for this type of market, good variety of products, and many dinners or fresh foods sized for one or two.      The last is great for me as I don't like to cook and especially don't like frozen meals. This day I got salmon and a dish of egg fried rice. The instructions on the packages were right and both came out tasty. There easily was enough for two in both.        There is plenty of all kinds of beer, but the wine seems limited and too expensive for an everyday meal. The $8.99 bottle of Chardonnay was fine , however.        There are plenty of checkout lanes and, since I looked lost,  a friendly clerk showed me how to get a store card and as I scanned items, he bagged everything. That was a big help. All the lanes are self device, but you can ask for help, if it's not offered.         This store is on the edge of Sun City Summerlin so at least half the customers were well over 55. That included me and sometimes it's good to shop with my peers as long as they don't block the aisle like some yuppie. :-)      So, I'll go back, especially for the smaller, specially packed, ready to cook meals and products.
5	This Fresh & Easy Store gets a "Run, Don't Walk Award."  Alice and JoAnn - two of the associates are great and always say hello.  That truly makes it feel like a neighborhood market.
5	Fresh and Easy is not your usual grocery store. The concept seems to be to severely limit the amount of staff and thus reduce prices by saving on labor/wages. With that in mind- I really like it. The store is smaller than a mega mart so options for some things are limited. The check outs are all self serve, and it looks like there are only ever 3-4 people working there at any given time. If you walked up and down every aisle shopping the whole store would probably take you 20 minutes. Their meat/produce is actually pretty good and reasonably priced- no kobe beef but its not exactly garbage either. They have lots of pre-seasoned meats for fast meals and useful gourmet items like precut pancetta that you won't find at a Smiths. They also oddly have a pretty big foreign food section - lots of British candy/food if you like that sort of thing. The freezer section is pretty limited due to size- not a great place for getting frozen meals or any of that nonsense. They used to have really good sweet potato fries but have not had them the last few times I was there.And they have golf cart parking!
4	I am writing this assuming you have been to a Fresh & Easy in the past and focusing on this F&E and the changes that have happened in the last year.First off, be careful in the parking lot, it is oddly shaped, there isn't a single driving area in the lot that goes through between 2 streets, and there are random retirees of different driving skills driving Caddy's & golf carts.  Take it slow and you should be fine.Second, F&E has changed owners and has merged/absorbed Wild Oats products into their lineup of good-quality grocery items.  The old $5 off $25 coupons are a thing of the past, replaced with a rewards system.  Not sure, but I think the "personal" coupons may have gone away or are not as frequent.  Lastly, there are now stickers on shelves indicating 25% & 50% off items instead of stockpiling them all at the end of the dairy cooler.  The last change, in particular, at this store, will allow you to find the deeply discounted items because it requires a bit of patience & hunting.  Easy to overlook if your vision is at all compromised.  These items, very often are overlooked or ignored.Depending on where you are in Summerlin, this or the location at Vegas Drive & Buffalo may be closer.  Heck, there might even be one somewhere on Chuck Blvd., I just don't need to go that far south.One last thing, this is NOT a 24 hour F&E.  People in this neighborhood typically have dinner early & sleep soon after, so there is no need.
