3	This is just like the smaller Asian stores only much bigger.  It looks like they took over an old grocery store and just switched it over, because this place is huge.  They have tons of stuff you're definitely not going to find in the American stores.  Plus if you're feeling rustic, they sell live fish.  So, you know, you can have the satisfaction of truly making dinner from scratch, or whatever.  Anyway, I love seeing what all they have on the shelves and marveling and the wonders of a foreign culture.  Plus the Buddha statues are great, and so are the ladies who work there.  They are the take no prisoners type, so don't make them mad.
3	I guarantee that this is the store where most of the Asian restaurants around town purchase the ingredients for their dishes.  When I try to replicate some recipes that I try around town I usually come here.  It is almost like momentarily stepping into another country.  I mean the set-up is like any other supermarket in America, but all of the isles are labeled in three different languages: Chinese, Vietnamese, and English.  They carry little trinkets and toys made in Asia in the front, and all of their fish in the poultry department are still alive, very much like in a traditional Asian grocery.  The market carries a wonderfully large selection of curries and sauces all from Asia.  I think this is a great way to support Asian businesses!  Hard to find items like Lotus Leaves and Bamboo Leaves are also available.  I would highly recommend coming with a recipe though, because most of the items are alien to the American eye.
5	See, once you get past the giant car-swallowing potholes and the very North-Tryon-seedy exterior, and get used to the idea that American grocery store standards of allover new-looking sparkliness are not necessary as long as the food prep surfaces are clean, this place is one of the true gems of NE Charlotte.  I just walked in there and got a big box of char siu, five pounds of oxtails hacked straight from the tail (none of those little anemic packages of oxtails that the regular grocery stores sell for way too much money), and all the vegetables and fresh rice noodles i need for a week of good eating, for $33.  If you know what to do with it the stuff you can buy there is awesome.  Persimmons.  Fresh young coconut.  The fish is super fresh, much better than what you get from the fish case at Harris Teeter.  Have them clean out the guts and the scales but leave the head and tail on; they'll like you better the next time you come in.
5	AWESOME.  You can get things here that can't be found anywhere close by.  You can buy live eels if you want(just sayin).  Good produce(sometimes a little funky), great selection of frozen goods, good kitchen supplies and they sell fresh food.
3	Cavernous, dimly lit, and full of delish. For some reason, I always shop a couple storefronts down at International. New Century is larger, with a MUCH larger cook-and-housewares selection, larger korean, viet, and japanese dry goods selection, and a bigger fish counter, complete with live crabs, lobster, frogs, etc. Fresh produce looks world weary for the most part, and they're often out of standards (no bean sprouts today). Their veg products (canned gluten, frozen meat substitutions) are less diverse and a tad more expensive than Int'l, so I'll probably keep going down the lot a bit. For fresh steamed buns, tho, you can't beat their selection and price (1$, veg buns, meat and egg, cream, etc). Bakery is fresh and cheap. Awesome place.
4	This is still my favorite market to buy Oriental goods. I love their produce, and their selection of spices and sauces is awesome! And for some reason, they seem to have they best bread I have found in Charlotte. They come 5 loaves to a bag, and they are delicious...
4	No complaint.  Their prices are more expensive than Ranch 99/Marina in SF.  But if you count the shipping cost, this place has almost everything you need to survive out of California.  I am pretty happy with their dry food and snack selection. Just be sure to check the dates before purchase.  They have Sing Tao newspaper too but only shipped here every 4 weeks.
2	This place is straight up disgusting. Don't go here. They sell expired, rotting and melting things... in their FREEZER. It smells bad and the place is just straight up grimey and dirty. Their shelves aren't even in order and most are empty and many randomly opened items. I feel bad for the fish cause their tanks are over crowded and look like they were pulled from the Hudson River.
2	Well, it's large.  I'll sum it up quickly:  I've been to a lot of Asian grocery stores, and this one gets the honor of being the only place where I've seen large cockroaches scurrying about in broad daylight.
3	This place is a great place to stock up on any asian-y thing you could ever need.  They have pretty much everything I'm looking for, except they are lacking in the Vietnamese coconut candy department - or it's impossible to find, which is entirely possible.  The prices are relatively reasonable, and contrary to the previous reviewer C L's (there are strangely two CL's that reviewed this) disdain for the run down mall, I feel like it is one of the few places in Charlotte that has any character.   I know that at least part of the reason it's cheap has got to be due to low overhead.G-Mart on Independence Blvd is much better in price and freshness, but this place is usually more accessible for me.  (This one is Vietnamese, G-mart is Korean, perhaps a showdown is in order)Some items are visibly old and rotted, and it's beyond me why they are even on the shelves, but I've never had any feeling that I need to worry about the things that I purchased.  They also usually want to you spend at least about $10 if you want to use a credit card... debit card's might not be subject to the minimum, but I'm not sure since I've been using cash lately.
3	Like Julia S., I usually hit the other Asian market in this strip, but occasionally Century caters to me a bit more.1) the fish counter. Not only do you see locals of every ethnicity shopping there, but more often that not you'll see a chef looking for something a little different. And I don't mind being able to see my seafood move a bit before I take it home.2) the frozen meats. The only place I've been able to find whole rabbit, but they have all the other less popular cuts and organs of pork/beef/etc.3) the Goya aisle. I don't remember what the aisle is actually labeled as, but someone took some serious effort in organizing the Goya portion of it. Items are separated by country (and labeled) covering Columbia, Spain, Mexico, el Salvador, Peru, and more... So yes you can pick up some squid in their own ink, a jar of tender cactus, and a bucket of lard all while standing in the same spot. 4) the bakery. Yum pork buns, rolled cakes, and bubble teas steps away from the BBQ end of the counter with ducks and pigs (closed on Tuesdays). 5) the produce. Probably par with the other store's selection, but they get extra points here because all of it is labeled in English with the price printed on it. Of course this place has failed to refill a lot of its freezer sections and shelves over the last year or so, so there are a lot of empty spaces, but I like the selection here. The first two or so aisles on the left carry a lot of random kitchen gadgets and heating elements, and also some beautifully printed papers.
1	This is a typical asian supermarket upon entering. That's what I thought till I started to wander around. The live fish tanks were just down right gross. They were dirty and the fish didn't look fresh. Walked around some more and stumbled across their bakery/deli area. This here was the breaking point. The cake case had some really old cakes. You could tell by the dried out strawberries with the black edging.Don't shop here and get your goods from the other market in this strip.
5	To all the haters below, a few things:1.) This area of Tryon is somewhat ghetto for Charlotte, but is harmless compared to every major city in America. You're not gonna get mugged, nothing bad will happen. Honestly, people in this town FREAK OUT every time something looks a little run-down. Get a life, people.2) The parking lot does need some improvement, but I kinda think it's fun wheeling around those potholes. NONE OF WHICH compare to some of the potholes I encountered while living in Cleveland.3) The shelved food is old? Did you look at the expiration date? Is it anywhere close to expiring? No? Okay, then!Honestly, I can't sing enough praises about this place. It won't be for everyone: what some people call cluttered and disorganized, I call character. What others will call a big fluorescent-lit box with innumerable varieties of food, I call your typical Chinese grocery store (yes, I know it's Vietnamese-owned).Look: if you need cheap food, this is your place. If you need Asian food, this is DEFINITELY your place.The staff is extremely friendly and will basically bend over backwards for you if you ask for anything. The shelves are stocked with every conceivable ingredient you could want for, whether it be of Thai, Indonesian, Philipino, Chinese, Viet, or Japanese origin. The prices are incredibly cheap: you can get produce out the ying yang for pennies on the dollar compared to a typical supermarket.Highlights: the butcher with basically do whatever you ask with the meat you're buying. They have a ton of quality cheap cookware. But the best is the bakery/deli in the front. You can get scads of incredible Asian-y things. Boba/bubble tea of any flavor, cakes, baked buns, banh mi and finally, the crown jewel, FRESH STEAMED PORK BUNS. Also know as char siu bao. Enormous steamed buns with a ton of meaty, juicy BBQ pork inside. Hell, they could open up a shop and sell just these and I'll bet it would be magnificently successful.So, if you haven't been here, you simply have to go. Sure it may not be your thing, but to even experience it once is an adventure that's worth the trip.
2	I've been to New Century twice. After the second time (a couple of days ago), I doubt that I would ever go back voluntarily. 1. I wanted to shop for traditional Viet food for Tet. There was only 1 small display, and they only had mt (which I hate). It's the biggest holiday for most Asian people (Chinese, Vietnamese, Korean), I would expect it to have at least the NY's essentials. 2. The store just stink so badly, and looked dirty as hell.3. I don't see how the groceries are cheaper than Aldi's. 4. The checkout machine broke down and I got a receipt with no product names on. 5. This white lady asked the cashiers for the price for 1 item that didn't have any tag on. The cashiers was talking to each other in Vietnamese "how much is this" "1 dollar" "let's tell her 2 dollar". So yes the lady got played. Aside from my sympathy for non-Viet people, it got me wondering if the price of any of the stuff I bought was legit. So there you have it. Go to G-mart, or Oriental Market on Central Ave. G-mart is much more organized and has more selection, while the ladies at Oriental treats customers very well.
4	This place simultaneously makes me happy and freaks me out.  It's great to be able to find tons of (mostly Asian, but also some other ethnic) food items not available at most grocers.  This time, I enjoyed some new rice types (they have at least 10-20 varieties), interesting noodles (purple wheat?), Japanese rice seasoning and jamaican jerk marinade.  So far all have been a hit.The freaky parts are the random fish heads floating in a bucket in the refrigerated section.  And other indecipherable items.  Yikes.  Prepare for some strong smells and potentially scary sights.  But really great prices on lots of ethnic cooking ingredients - totally worth it.
4	I'm from Atlanta so I wasn't expect an Asian Walmart. Yes, the place is a little unorganized and not  neat but if you need anything Asian than this your place. They also have Caribbean, Indian and Africa food supplies. I went here for Oxtails and they're about $5/lb. They will cut them horizontal or vertical or however you want. I also bought shrimp and noodles although it wasn't on my list. Yes it's in the more urban section of Charlotte but no one is worried about getting you.
1	Unclean, most things aren't labeled, in English or any other language. One of the most disgusting stores I have been in. Plenty of variety. Produce too high. Lol used to Aldi prices! Needless to say, I won't be going back. Don't waste your time. Lost my appetite...
