4	My bf and I came here when we were staying @ the Orleans. It was kinda full and I think it was b/c UT was playing.duh... We shared a pep. pizza with jalapenos and it was delic. we killed it eventhough it was prob. enough for 3. It was that good. I saw a girl next to me eating what i was orig. going to order  the chili dog combo with curly fries. OMG she killed it! It looked so good but I have yet to order that b/c I always want to order the pizza instead. This place is always full of locals and it seems really cool to hang out. The guy on the other side of me was playing the bar poker and got 4 aces and asked me, "Is that good?" I wasn't sure if he was being sincere or sarcastic? WTH. really? I just had to laugh. I think he was trying to hit on me but wasnt sure what to open with.. um ok kind old drunk guy. IT was precious. I'd def. go back more often if I lived closer but these bars are spread out all over the valley. If you haven't partaken... Partake.
3	I have come to this P.T.'s numerous times for both lunch and happy hour. I love love love the pretzel bites here. They are warm and salty and served with cheese and mustard. The chicken wings are decent, you can get them with sweet potato fries for an extra charge. They also have very large, yummy salads. Service can be a bit slow.
4	Brought some clients here for lunch today. We arrived around 11:30 am so we had no wait what so ever. I ordered the Beef Dip sandwich with coleslaw @ $11.99. The roll was toasted and the beef was very lean, tender and went great with the Au jus. The cole slaw was also tasty and no overly sweet.. One of my clients ordered the chicken nachos and It was gigantic at $11.99. Our waitress was friendly and food came out quickly, she also kept our ice teas constantly filled. I would recommend this for lunch and is probably great to hang for happy hour.
3	I've only been to a few PT's around town. They all are pretty standard Las Vegas Pubs. I wouldn't say there is anything special about them, but they are good places to watch sports. We were here to watch a bowl game with an alumni group. This PT's is pretty big and has lots of TVs. Overall it was a decent experience, but they were severely understaffed for the amount of people that were in the bar on this night. My wife and I ordered taco salads and waters. It took us almost an hour to get served. I do not blame the waitstaff as they were doing a good job, but there were only two for the entire place, and the party we were with had over 50 people. The taco salad was good. On this occasion I didn't drink, but i know PT's typically has a good happy hour. As a special note, this bar is currently an Arkansas Razorbacks bar. So if you are a fan of the hogs, this is the place to go on gameday.
4	Pear cider on tap and great ground beef quesudilla's!!!!
2	I thought my friend told me to try this.. turns out i was wrong.. it was some other place. However, I hit it up for lunch yesterday. Salmon Salad.. Pretty good I like the salad and it was really big. I shared it with my girl and then I got the Philly. Whoa.. this is where the train left the tracks.. it was oh so crappy. I know for they have never been back east and ate even an airport Philly because this thing sucked. In fact it was a roast beef sandwich with nacho cheese on it. I am not kidding.. it is.. In fact I was temped to get some some Auju and make it a french dip. I would have been a good french dip.. but a terrible philly.
5	Great place to watch the games. Happy hour is perfect and the bar staff rocks ! Thanks
4	It's PTs... If they screwed up, it just wouldn't be PTs.Good set up with 4 separated areas: Dining, bar, lounge and pool tables.
5	There are many bars crowded around the area I live in. This, by far, is my favorite one. The bartender Mike is the best. Always friendly. Always funny. Always high energy. This is the place I usually end up late-late night/super early morning. The HOT chicken fingers and fries are delicious!
5	mikey is the best bartender in the world!
4	Great atmosphere, lots of space. Perfect spot to grab a drink with your friends at ANY hour! Alcohol plus finger foods! Yum! Multiple tv screens to watch all your favorite sports. They even have football specials aside from happy hour. With multiple locations all around Vegas, Its easy to get together and wine down.
4	Meow! Well that's when I say when I'm drunk! The wings are AMAZing!!!!! I love love there big open doors! They let the smoke out without the atmosphere being gone! I can't get over the location and the cost they couldn't be better!!!  4 stars because I've had better service but not 3 bc they actually rmr your drink order.
1	the worst service ive ever seen! it seems they dont like tourist in there!! i was meeting with my friends there and bartender was really rude! my drivers license didnt work for her! ive been using it in every casino, bar, etc but pt's bartender seems to be soo special it wasnt good for her. she ruin our night
5	First of all... Thank you Alicia for being an amazing bartender! Knew the bar, beer and menu by heart and very friendly. I will definitely come back. Food was great and so were the drinks.
3	Wow!!! Is all I can say. The Frickin annoying drunk guy talking so LOUD like he was the only one in the bar made it so wed never come back. Cussing loudly with the bartender so so bad. I wanted to stand up an tell the guy to ARGUE.
5	Best PT's I've been to thus far. Not too crowded and it's nice and clean a not to mention Mike is the greatest bar tender I've ever met in my life . Very very very cool guy ! He deserves to work in someone's casino as a bartender. My boyfriend and I ordered 30 piece wings, lemon pepper and extra hott, SOO BOMB, surprisingly we killed the whole bucket, I was impressed by there wings . Not I mention their happy hour from 12am-2am.. We will definitely be returning !! It is a must
4	First off it seems like they are always changing there staff when I come in. We try to get to know the bartender and stuff,but gets hard. Lol but I love Nina the waitress,she's the best. Unfortunately  she is leaving :(  I love the music they play here! Good happy hour too! Come by play some pool with your friends and drink a nice brew on tap!:)
3	Ah PT's.  Standard restaurant/bar that is super close to the house.I hadn't been here for a few years, the last time I came out a friend was hosting karaoke.  I liked the place then, and I like it now.  We came out on Saturday night about 8:30pm to play some pool and have some drinks with friends who had gotten married earlier in the day.  First disappointment:  They don't have ginger beer for a Moscow Mule.  That's my new favorite drink, and I'm finding that less and less bars are doing those.  Its hard to find one that does, actually. Second disappointment:  We ordered the cheese fries (and added bacon) and the garlic parm fries.  WAY. TOO. MUCH. GARLIC.  Let me say it again...WAY too much garlic. And I love garlic.  Like...I'll eat it raw, I love garlic.  I put it in everything.  But there was so much that one of our friends had to move to another table.  We let our server know, and she was appalled, and said she'd let the chef know. Besides those two things...the night was pretty good.  Drinks aren't cheap here, but they're not expensive either...fairly standard prices.  The fries were great (other than the excess garlic...the cheesy bacon ones were awesome) and they also have really good pizza.  A friend ordered a buffalo chicken pizza with hot sauce and blue cheese dressing...too spicy for me, but really delicious. Also, pool is $5 per hour, which really isn't a bad rate at all.  We played until almost 1 am.It wasn't super busy, either, so service was fairly quick.I'll come back again for sure...its not as smokey as the other bars we play pool in, even though people were smoking...its just much more open.
1	I think my cowoker explained it the best.... it's like Burger King was turned into a bar.
