5	Seriously good coffee.  I'm not really a coffee drinker, but even I can tell the difference between Johnson Bros. and whatever starbucks crap I usually drink.
5	I have been ordering coffee from Johnson Brothers for years.  The company sources the best beans from all major coffee-producing areas (often single origin).  More importantly, the company is dedicated to supporting eco-friendly production methods and is certified Fair Trade.While I value social responsibility in companies, what counts most is the quality of the product.  In this regard, the expertly roasted beans from Johnson Brothers afford coffee drinkers with an amazing array of taste experiences, similar to fine wines.  The fact that these outstanding coffees are sold at very fair prices and can be ordered without shipping costs (order of 3 bags or more) is another reason why I am a dedicated Johnson Brothers Coffee fan.
5	Before buying, I had a chance to meet and speak at some length to the founder: Michael Johnson.  To boil down the conversation:  Michael Johnson is truly a "micro" roaster, who literally deals one-on-one with the farms, has the bags shipped directly to his commercial location (no middleman) and then sifts the product for the top beans, managing the cut through the roasting process as a science using state of the art computer software next to good old fashioned roasting hardware.  The end product is packaged on site. That said, I took all of that with a grain of salt until I tried one of the finished products: the Ethiopian Sidamo Fair Trade.Wow.  Blew my socks off.  The Ethiopian Sidamo Fair Trade may very well be the best coffee I have ever had.  Unbelievably complex bouquet and flavor: I detected floral and cinnamon notes followed by a crisp, refreshing finish.  On that alone, I ended up buying another four different types from JBC (have yet to try, but cannot wait to do so).  As a good blend will run you $18-$24 a pound in the Bay Area, I consider JBC's prices down right competitive.  I can only hope my finished brew tastes the way Michael's preparation did.  %&* great coffee.  Period.
5	Excellent coffee! They rival another one of my Madison favorites and come in a close second to my favorite Milwaukee shop. I haven't been to their location, but I have had their coffee at restaurants.
1	The Ulos Batak Sumatra was hands down the worst cup of coffee I have ever had. Way too acidic- as in that "I just vomited a little in my mouth" flavor. Nothing helped the flavor except pouring it down the drain.
4	This review is for the JBC coffee cart!Every Saturday at the farmers market, I see people line up for the JBC coffee cart, and I've always wondered what all the hype was about. Considering there are at least 4-5 other cafes/coffee shops in the vicinity, there must be something special about JBC that draws such a consistent customer base. I set off to find out!First impression? JBC is pure hipster. More hipster than tight jean shorts and handlebar mustaches.  I think my hipster level rose a few points just standing in line to order my coffee, and I love it! If only I could absorb lecture material that easily.I ordered the iced latte (easy on the ice), and found it to be much creamier than I am used to (probably because I usually get my lattes with skim or nonfat milk), but it was reallllyyy good and SUPER filling. My only issue with my drink wasn't the drink itself, but rather the paper cup that it came in. By the time I was half way through my drink, the cup had become a soggy mess that was barely holding its shape (which meant the lid wasn't staying on very well either). I ended up having to down the rest of my coffee quickly to prevent spilling on myself. So, JBC, new cups perhaps?I like the fact the JBC coffee has two separate windows for placing orders and picking up orders. It prevents the congregation of a large crowd in front of the cart which makes it difficult to distinguish between those waiting to pick up and those waiting to order. Do expect the drinks to take a little longer than usual though, unless you just order a brewed coffee - there's only two people managing the espresso machine.
5	Incredible coffee! JBC has opened my eyes to another world of coffee I'm excited to explore.
5	The most incredible coffee experience I've had anywhere. We swung by JBC to check it out, and were welcomed with cold brew and drip samples. The single origin cold brew was one of the best I've ever had. We got a tour of the place, and we learned about their roasting and brew methods. Awesome people, coffee, and experience.
5	Now these guys take coffee drinking to a whole new level! I usually add cream and sugar to coffee to knock off the acidity but I drink this brew black and pure. It's phenomenal! I also love the fact that they are into sustainable farming practices and they're educating people all over the world in regard to coffee quality, sustainable farming practices, and coffee service. Do yourself a huge favor and try it! I know Rosie's Coffee Bar & Bakery on Monona Drive serves it. You'll have a brand new experience in coffee drinking.
3	Disclaimer- this review is based on tasting one bag purchased at JBC. Other roasts may be more palatable and/or delicious. It tastes like drinking flowers (albeit, good flowers). If that is your thing- this is the brew for you. If you prefer coffee without the floral arrangement in your mouth look elsewhere.
