4	Pleasantly surprised. Been here twice, and my only complaint is that the bill can add up quickly. The first time we ordered pizza, wings, and beer. Can't remember which kind of each of these things we got, but I know I thought it was good, and that I was sad it wasn't a little cheaper so we could go more often (I am a cheapskate..). Also we got the giant cookie dessert.The second time we went, I got the house chardonnay (meh...) and the baked ziti with meatballs, the man got the chicken parmesan. I think he has made it his personal duty to all italian restaurants ever to eat chicken parmesan, to be able to compare them ALL one day. Anyways, our slightly over-zealous waitress brings the food out, and its HUUUUUGE!!! I think each of our plates could have fed 3 people. I was glad we didn't get salads or appetizers. He quite enjoyed the chicken, and my ziti was smothered in this awesome red/white (bechemel?) sauce mixture with mozarella on top and 3 little garlic knots. I picked most of the mozarella off (trying to diet on italian food? Doesn't work too well.....) but i tried nonetheless :) . I boxed up over half of it, and his leftovers heated up well the next night for dinner. To top it off, we had another serving of the giant cookie. This put me over the edge and it was definitely an i-ate-too-much kind of an evening! So basically the only downside is that each time, with just the two of us, the bill reached somewhere around $50. Granted we were drinking, but still........Overall, its not the place to go if you want something super fancy (although there was a little prom couple there...) ... but for moderately priced, fairly good food it works!
3	Come for the lunch special. Puny salad bar. Don't bother with it. If you order pizza, a Greek salad comes with it and they bring it out in a big bowl. The pizza is not too oily like it is at Domino's. Friendly staff. Quiet atmosphere. However, the salad plates that were already at our table had a lot of crumbs from the previous visitors. The tables are big enough for elbow space, unlike a lot of pizza joints. Just A-OK.
5	Delicious, & affordable food!Get the Wall Street pizza its super good!! ;)
