5	I went to this restaurant for the first time last night after waiting for what seemed like forever for it to open over the last several months, however, I can see why it took the time that it did. The inside looks great, lots of details to look at, but that's not why you go to a restaurant, you go for the food.The food was great! I had the "Special Dinner" which tasted and looked great. It came out on two different plates and for around ten dollars was a great deal.The service was good as well. Miguel served us and was very attentive had a good sense of humor.Overall, I would definitely go back and make this a regular place to eat when I'm out and about.
4	They took my Salsa's away and made me really upset, but it was replaced not too long ago with Mi Pueblo.  The place is absolutely beautiful it use to be an Italian restaurant, any who it's really nice.  I drive by it often and decided to stop in this past Satruday because I had a taste for some Mexican food.  For some reason I always ordered the same foods when going to Mexican restaurants for some reason it just works for me to eat something familiar.  Any who, so that's what I did, well it didn't turn out like I thought it was going to.  It was really salty, but good if you can imagine.  But it was hard to eat because of the salt, and since I ordered it to go I didn't take it back.  I just desided to throw it away and eat the banana split I couldn't wait to eat.  Well I'm not sure why it tasted the way it did, but the ice cream was good the banana's were awful.  The staff were amazing people, very nice and friendly people the place is beautiful just didn't do too good with the food.  But I will give them another chance and go back soon to see if it's better to eat in.
4	I truly enjoyed Mi Pueblo!  It was a nice change from my norm--Azteka.  It was authentic mexican with a modern flare.  The good thing is the prices remained pretty reasonable.  My glass of wine was $4..score!The chips were fresh and crunchy, the salsa was semi- fresh but extremely hot.  I had the california chicken burrito which was stuffed with mexican rice, GRILLED chicken (as opposed to the creepy shredded chicken) and black beans--it was very good.  It was smothered with queso and topped of with a cilantro- filled pico de gallo.  Excellent.I didn't get to try their guacamole but will for sure try that next time.The atmosphere was nice, large covered patio, great service, in and out....really, can't go wrong.  They have a lot of items that a traditional mexican restaurant would not have so it was a refreshing change.  Muy bueno, me gusta, gracias, adios.
5	I decided to try this restaurant again, the first time it was very salty.  So I'm gave it another try, we went and ate inside on November 10, 2012 and the staff were very nice.  The food we tried this time was excellent, I had soo much food that I had to take it to go, my little girl even enjoyed it and normally she just like to eat the chips and that's about it but this time she at some beans and rice and some of my fajita quesadilla.  I got the chunky style guaccamole and it was awesome, of course I had some left over.  So I decided to eat the rest of it the next day, it was a good and bad idea, the flavors had time to settle I guess and it was soo hot that I had heart burn for two days but it was really good.  I look forward to going back, oh yeah and we was fortunate enough to hear the staff sign the happy birthday song it was by far the funniest thing I've ever heard.  So all around we enjoyed the food and had excellent service.
3	ok, I like the atmosphere, prices, and the staff is very friendly. chimichengas are good! salsa is that kind with all the big chuncks and celantro. (i like my salsa thin and no celantro).  they have good rice too
4	I've been to many Mexican restaurants, some have been forgettable, some are consistently good, the majority are average. I've only been to Mi Pueblos twice, but I've had good results both times. Service is quick; drinks and chips were on the table within a couple of minutes. I had no problem getting in and out for lunch under thirty minutes. The chips were decent, neither stale or fresh out of the fryer, and the salsa was good. You can always tell how the quality of a restaurant's salsa is just by the way it looks and smells, Mi Pueblo's is properly chunky and has that distinct smell of fresh cilantro. They pass the test. I hate when Mexican restaurants have bland rice, it's almost as if you're chewing nothing at all. Luckily theirs has enough spice and salt to complement the entree. The burrito is large, tasty, and the meat quality is good. The building looks clean and it's easy to tell that the management upkeep the building well. Just about everything was great. What I didn't like was their guacamole dip, too me it had an off-putting taste, and their queso was a little bland. I'd also appreciate a little more variety on their menu. They have the staples covered, but once you've been to an authentic Mexican restaurant it's just hard to settle for anything less. Overall, it's easy to recommend Mi Pueblo's, the service is great and the food is good.
4	Excellent salsa & cheese dip. Had the Texas fajita quesadilla and it was spot on
2	This restaurant have a lot the flavor and service last time the waitress tell me .can you decide fast because i have others table to service. We just have seat horrible service even the place is not full. Sad sad sad  now  me and my friends  really go skip this place
5	Best in town if they'd stop serving stale chips. Food is excellent.
4	I've only had the Jerk Chicken, one of their signature dishes and I can't bring myself to try anything else because its that good. The grilled veggies are always perfectly seasoned and fresh and their black beans are just stupid good. The chicken's always tender and juicy but the best part is the cloud of sour cream and pineapple goodness it sits on.  I need this dish right now aaaand it's 9am. They're not open yet. Suck!They received 4 stars because service is on the slow side.
5	My chips weren't stale at all.  And the salsa was great.They smiled very happily through my fathers very, very broken spanish and responded with sweet things he didn't remotely understand.  The service was quick and courteous - not in a lingering, fake-friendly way, which I appreciate.  They had a lot of fresh veggie and grilled items not typically found on your run of the mill mexican menu.  My food was well done and everyone I was with was happy as well - even my parents who can be picky.  Will absolutely go back.
3	My fiance and I went here a few months ago. We wanted to try some good Mexican food, and we got it.When we first walked in, the floors, the ceilings, the chandeliers.. everything was beautiful. But it was so slow. The service was ok, I ordered a Steak Quesadilla and it was freaking huge. He said it only had Steak and cheese in it, but they had put green peppers and onions in. I'm a fan of those two ingredients, but it just looks bad when you can't remember what comes in an item.Despite everything being huge, the food was delicious and it came fast. The price was also great. We will definitely go back.
3	Really need to break this down:Food Quality :  4 stars  food is excellent; however both orders were incomplete.Service:  2 stars.  Not very attentive, but friendly.  Never had a chance to say something about the missing items.This was my second trip to this place.  Now I will say I will return, but if the service doesn't improve may have to downgrade.  Hopefully can come back and give it a four star review.
2	Mi Pueblo is just Meh. The prices were very reasonable and the restaurant was nice along with the waitstaff but the food just wasn't hitting on anything. To be honest, I ordered the Carnitas Dinner and it was the worst Carnitas I've ever had. I was very disappointed. They need to head up the street to Las Margaritas or Azteca on Independence. They do carnitas perfect! Everyone else seemed just ok with their meals. Probably won't return.
4	This was a wonderful place. Very clean. The server was very attentive and food was delicious. I would recommend this place to anyone craving some good Mexican. Most definitely.
4	I would say 3.5 stars out of 5- Food was not too bad, not too bad at all. My server? I remember was not too good, not too good at all. She was around my age so she was treating me sorta idk, "weird" --  I ordered some kind of sampler plate, meh - mediocre. The Pico was yum yum.Not in a rush to "run back" to this place. Service needs improvement...
4	The place has a nice ambiance, tasty food, and friendly service. My friend with me has been several times, while this was my first time there. He got a combo plate and I got fajitas. The thing that I noticed was the tortillas I got were much larger than I get at other places, so big bonus points. As I said, the food was very good. I would return.
4	Upon parking I was walking toward the door, and noticed a great smell from the restaurant, which made me very excited! I was seated upon arrival and offered chips & salsa and my drink order was taken, margaritas on the rocks were the drink special. While I reviewed the menu, I noticed a lot great menu options, but typically like to base my 1st visit to any Mexican restaurant on their fajitas. My waiter arrived to take my order and he indicated the dinner portion, typically available on Sundays, b/c their lunch specials are through Saturday, was very large. I asked if they could offer the lunch portion, and he immediately accommodating that question and said it will be $.99 more. I was fine with that. While I waited, I enjoyed the chips & salsa, which the salsa was great, b/c it had a nice kick, but the chips could have been a little better. The restaurant was not too crowded, but I loved the service & how clean and nice the restaurant was. My order was served on a steaming hot plate & I was very satisfied. The fajitas were served with onions, peppers, and tomatoes, and accompanied by rice, beans, lettuce, guacolmore & sour cream. Perfect portion, great service & and an enjoyable lunch experience.If the chips were a little better, they could be 5 stars. I look forward to getting back :-)!
3	I still love the food after I gave this place another chance.  The grief I have  now is I noticed last night as I was picking up my to go order that they have started charging to take  the food out.  I don't like that I'm coming to pick up my own food and I'm being charged, not cool.  When I asked about the charge, it couldn't be explained to me. I don't think I'll be doing take out any more.
1	Someone was in the mood for Margarita and a 30% off coupon had been dropped in our mailbox so there you have it.Food:  nondescript, generic and messy. There's a very good reason this chain thrives deep in the Carolinas : the owners know what most people around here like (hint: it ain't real Mexican food).  Jerk chicken a Mexican signature dish ... can people even locate Mexico on a map? yeah the menu has Italian, Hawaiian, and Jamaican, what a joke. Margaritas: meh! Tasted like like coolaid and tequila, some of the worst margarita mix I ever had. Service : really bad, not just because our waiter suffered from ADD - which he did.  In a nearly empty restaurant, with a dozen employees in sight doing nothing it still took 30 minutes to get our first drink - and I had to get up and grab someone for it to happen. Finally the whole restaurant is an incredibly ugly mishmash of smeared walls, crude carpentry and assorted poor design choices. I'm left with nothing good to say about this restaurant.
3	Just your average Mexican restaurant. Better than Las Margaritas but definitely not the best Mexican you've ever had. Cool for what it is, but not all that. However, I've been back a couple times as I have yet to find better bang for your buck Mexican here in Charlotte. You can fill up on a good meal here for cheaper than Chipotle. The salsa is really good. Service is always good too. And they have a free ice cream cone machine, that's a plus.
5	We have eaten here a number of times and are happy every time! Favorite dish is the baked potato with steak. So delish! We planned a large group dinner of 30 people for our birthday and were pleased at the ease of it. They are able to accommodate large groups with no hassle. Portions are large and prices are fair. Only disappointment ever was in the deserts. Not worth it to even try.
2	For a brief time, this building was occupied by a different restaurant (if memory serves, it was Johnny Carino's, but it was gone so quickly, I don't recall). Regardless, shortly after building, they were gone, and not too long after, Mi Pueblo came in, remodeled and opened as a generally Mexican-themed establishment.Though overall the place looks pretty - not really Mexican, but not horrible to look at - you are probably best off if you look around, perhaps snap a few shots for Instagram if that's your thing, and leave.There is plenty of room here on just about any occasion, and that could be one of their downfalls. I don't know if they are ever properly staffed, but when we have been, they just don't seem to be able to provide particularly good service.Their web site says they have eleven locations (one coming soon), so I think they would be pretty good at this item if they have so many, but what I have personally experience, and seen in other reviews? Not so much. You get your requisite chips and salsa and everything else goes downhill fast. Take a trip to New York and practice hailing taxis, as that skill will come in handy when getting someone back to your table.When you eventually get your food - not what most would expect at a "Mexican" restaurant - it's decent enough, but probably not enough to merit a return trip. Something out of the ordinary, and perhaps more than enough to decide to avoid Zaxby's across the parking lot? Sure. But to detour from Azteca or La Unica, not too far away? Probably not.
1	I pass by this place almost every day. I finally decided to give it a try last night. Within a few minutes of sitting down, a runner, I'm assuming, literally threw our tortilla chips on the table and almost slammed the salsa down as he just kept on walking. No "Hello", no "here are your chips and salsa", no nothing. My friend wanted to leave, but I thought maybe he was just having a bad day.Then I saw the bag of trash sitting right there out in the open walkway. We decided to leave and go to Monterrey.Adios, y'all.
2	My first review for this restaurant, although I've been eating here for the past 2-3 years. They took over from an Italian chain. When they first opened, everything was cool: attentive, friendly, even enthusiastic servers, good food and beer, good prices. Gradually, it appears that the managers/staff who originally opened the place have moved on. The result has been (in general) inconsistent service and food. There are still a couple of great servers there, and if you get one of them, you'll have a pleasant experience. This past week, I ordered a chicken burrito for part of my meal; the burrito itself was fine but the sauce tasted disconcertingly like Ragu spaghetti sauce. (it should be noted, though, that they have the best salsa in town that I've found so far!) To top off the general decline, they raised their prices a couple of months ago.  As time passes, I'm finding fewer and fewer reasons to go back. Aside from hiring more enthusiastic servers, the one thing they could do to get back on track would be to get a little inventive with the menu. There's really nothing there that's different from any other Mexican restaurant in town, and what is different does not taste distinctive. How about getting back to basics -- street tacos, tortas, tlayudas, tostados?
4	Bottom line... 3.5 stars. Decent place to pick up a cheap lunch if you are in the area.They have great prices for lunch ($6 to $8). While their lunch menu is limited in options, you can order a lunch portion of pretty much everything on their dinner menu. The Jerk Chicken (which doesn't scream Mexican to me) was highly recommended by staff. I personally wasn't too crazy about it. The pineapple/cheese sauce that the chicken was sitting on was cold (maybe it was supposed to be) and too sweet for my liking. The temperature contrast between the chicken and sauce didn't do it for me. My coworkers ordered the Arroz Con Pollo (ACP) and Cali Burrito and seemed to enjoy it. My biggest complaint... they charge 25 cents per take out item.
4	I came back, and really had a great experience all around.  The one thing that I will say is my tamale wasn't as good as normal.  It gets an A-.  Seriously, though, I have never had a bad meal here, and ordered chicken burrito and enchilada, and it was obviously high quality meat.  Food is reasonably priced for the quality.  Highly recommend this place.
5	Great servers and service!
5	Yummy! They serve salsa when you sit down it was great not just onion flavor, and the cheese dip was good too.  We both thought the food was great! Great atmosphere and clean!
3	3.5 StarsI thought this was a pretty decent restaurant as far as mexican restaurants go.  As soon as you sit down they serve you chips and salsa.  The tortilla chips are smoking hot and salty.  Delish.  I took my grandmother here and we sat on the patio.  The patio has a great atmosphere and a light-up waterfall that creates a great background noise.  We each ordered a margarita and rec'd a jumbo marg.  I'm not complaining, but if I were only wanting a small margarita I would have sent this one back and asked for the smaller size.  The quality of the marg was wonderful.  It wasn't over bearingly sweet and had a nice flavor of tequila.  I think they use a higher quality than your average mexican restaurant.  The guacamole was ok.  Nothing exceptionally special about it.  It could have used a little more spices and a little less raw onions.  The chips that come with the guacamole were wonderful.  They are the same fried tortillas that they use on the sopapillas (the dessert nachos).  I had a cheese quesadilla and a chicken enchilada.  The portion of chicken used in the enchilada and my grandma's taco was fairly large.  It was all pretty good.  We had the sopapillas to finish everything off and they were delicious.  They are drizzled with a strawberry syrup and cinnamon sugar and topped with whipped cream.  Super healthy.  Overall not a bad choice.  Decent food and a great atmosphere coupled with a jumbo margarita make for a wonderful evening.
4	I had lunch here the other day.   I had chicken fajitas.  Most of the meals are made with refried beans I was able to get black beans instead.  It was a good meal for a decent price.  The waiter was good.
4	The first time we stumbled in here was simply an accident. It was storming in Charlotte on the day that my parents had decided to come for a visit, and the power was out all over town. After a failed attempt at Chili's, I told them that I thought there was an Olive Garden right down the road. Now, don't ask me why I thought it was an Olive Garden...but we ended up at Mi Pueblo and since we all three could eat Mexican for every meal, decided to give it a shot.So today when they made a surprise visit again, we wanted Olive Garden, but none were nearby and we weren't backtracking to the one in Pineville, so we decided to venture back to Mi Pueblo. Now, we couldn't even remember the name of the place, and honestly the only thing we did remember was that we were freezing from being soaked from the rain and under a vent while we ate. But I did remember us leaving and talking about how amazing the food was.I am so glad that we randomly ended up there because of my poor memory because it is some of the best Mexican I've had. Tonight I had the Hawaiian Chicken, which reminded me of a dish I had at a place in Anderson, SC that was so good I could have slapped my mama, so I thought I'd see if this even compared. Yes. It. Did. And holy moly! $11 and I can make 3 meals easy off of it. My parents both got chimichangas, one beef and one chicken, and thank the stars I made off with their leftovers so I'm in Mi Pueblo heaven for the rest of the week. I also had to get a round of sopapillas before we left since I am a freak for them. No disappointment there. And only $2.80 for a heaping plate full of that goodness.For the amount of DELICIOUS food you get, the prices are actually really cheap. If you think they are expensive, you need to go back to the 50s.Oh, and the HOMEMADE salsa is some of the best you will put in your mouth. I just hate that you have to request mild and you just get a little bowl instead of a full bottle.
4	This place is great! I have been here many times and the food is good and the patio is wonderful.  They even have a fireplace and can enclose it to use it in the winter.  Genius.  The food is typical mexican food, which is fine by me because that's my favorite.  I usually go with the fajita quesadilla and always have enough to eat for lunch the next day.  I recommend chicken over steak though- last time I got steak it was so overcooked I could hardly chew it.  But the chicken is always good and cooked well.  There's also a rumor that they have free soft-serve ice cream, but I have yet to test this theory...The only pitfall is the service sometimes.  We have had some really wonderful, engaging servers that talked with us and seemed to really be enjoying themselves but on 2 separate occasions we had terrible servers.The first time, the girl had no clue what was on the menu, she asked my dad what a Michelob Light was, and then after a few painful minutes (yes, minutes) of trying to explain, he just said "forget it, I'll take water", but when the bill came the beer was still on there.  She looked like she was 16, so I'll give her the benefit of the doubt and assume she was brand new.The second time, we were outside one pretty crowded Friday night.  Our waiter was great- attentive and funny.  But another woman was bringing the food and she was nasty! She had the tray and was trying to figure out who it belonged to.  Speaking at a normal volume, she asked the whole patio "who ordered a fajita quesadilla?" I was not expecting to have to be on the lookout for my food so I was talking with my friends and didn't realize it was our tray.  She said again "You'd think if someone ordered a d*** quesadilla they would speak up!" At this point I realized she was talking about mine and said "oh I did".  She practically threw our food down and stormed off without even so much as a word (although I did get a pretty nasty stink eye).  By now everyone on the patio was looking at us and I was pretty embarrassed.Overall Mi Pueblo is fantastic and I will definitely keep going back, but some of their waitresses could stand for an attitude adjustment!
4	Service was quick and the food was plentiful. You can't go wrong with the daiquiries. You should also get the house special.
4	This is my fav place to go eat mexican when I do not want to spend too much money. Food is cheap and beer is cheap on weekdays. They serve it in an ice cold glass. So refreshing!I always get the veg tamales. SO good. Always have left overs and eat it for breakfast. Service is pretty good. Got to try the salsa verde, Got a great kick to it.
3	Great tacos! Had the chicken & it's mixed with grilled peppers and onions which gave the taco some girth. Great guacamole & much better than cheap generic Mexican restaurants. However, while we were there, a police officer came in and went back to the kitchen. Another officer came in & they escorted an employee out. Was sketchy. Walked outside to leave & cop cars parked at entrance. Had 5 people outside arguing with police. Ummmm......
4	My wife and I have eaten at Mi Pueblo a number of times, it is located a couple of miles from our home. We have never had a bad meal and the service has always been great. The prices are very reasonable....all of this is why we have been here a number of times. I had the jerk chicken for the first time. I will have it again for sure. The chicken was in stips, char-grilled, and very juicy. The jerk sauce was a sour cream / pineapple blend which was very good. Not spicy at all which I would have liked but the mixture of sweet and sour really worked well. Also on the plate was a side of black beans and white rice along with grilled asparagus and zucchini. We will definitely continue to eat here. They have a very robust menu, lots of liquor and drink specials, tons of seating indoors and outdoors, and very friendly staff.
5	I have been going here pretty much since I moved to CLT. I've never had a bad experience. The service is always very fast, seated right away, chips and salsa and servers ready for you whenever you are. Food comes out very quickly and is always delicious. It's a favorite dinner spot with friends. We love to share the pitcher of margaritas on the rocks and the cheese dip. Both are delicious, love the margaritas!! I've tried a bunch of the dinner items and have not been disappointed, every one has been tasty. And I have leftovers for lunch! Also LOVE the free soft serve!One of my favorite spots. Great menu, great service and delicious food.
5	The fish tacos were the best we'd all ever had, the enchiladas were yummy, and the dessert was really well presented and delicious.
