4	A great hotel, and if it happened to be located closer to the city centre, it would get 5 out of 5 stars.The rooms are nice, the beds comfortable. The food in the restaurant isn't bad (although the mixed grill is somewhat of a glorified English breakfast and therefore quite pricey). But the bar has good service and fast free wifi, as well as multiple LCD TVs around for live sport.The hotel is just a few minutes walk away from the airport and only stop away by bus. The bus stops are right in front of the hotel  and if you take the airport express bus, you can get to Princes Street in less than half an hour. The regular bus takes only maybe 10-15 minutes longer.The London Insiderhttp://www.london-insider.co.uk/
1	Can't believe the lousy service I had with the check in front desk service clerk.    We were in a hurry.  We needed to drop our luggage and return our rental car next to the hotel.    My husband parked the car in the front and i ran in to see if i can drop our luggage and check-in.  There were no lines and two receptionists were at the counter.  One was in the front and one was at the back.   The one in the front was organizing somethings in front of her on the counter. I was about one feet from her at the counter.    I patiently waited for about 30 seconds with NO acknowledgement from her.  There were no greetings, no "how may i help you".  etc.  So, i asked if i can check-in with her.   She didn't lift her head up and said, "i am busy, I will be with you in a few minutes."  It was how she said the message, as if i was a bother.     I waited another few minutes and was ready to give a "shout".  Finally, the receptionist at the back came over and said she can help me.   After we check in and I was assured that our luggage will be placed in our rooms immediately, there were a big group came in behind me.   I saw both receptionist started to work.  Because neither of them talk to me with any eye contact, I was worried so i asked again where will they direct our luggage to.  One of them answered, they will be in our room, room number ###.   I made sure that our computer bag was given to one of the porters and they were directed to the exact room number etc.We return to the hotel 6 hours later and went directly to our rooms.  Guess what, no luggage.  After a few phone calls and talking to managers etc.  we realized that our luggage were not tagged so it took a long time to find them in the luggage room.  What an incompetent receptionists in the front desk.  The hotel needs to retrain their employees.  By the way, we waited about 30 minutes in the morning for the shuttle to take us to the airport while the distance between the hotel and the airport was 10 minutes walking distance.  Did not understand why there was such a delay at 4:30 in the morning.  By the time we left, there were too many customers that some of them had to wait for the bus to go and return again.  :(
3	Good hotel,pool nice,ideal if have to stay night before for flight,dinner and breakfast good aswel,
2	Decent hotel. Nice people. Rooms are good. Restaurant food & service is good. But the wifi is impossibly slow in the bedrooms. Hilton has a wifi upgrade that you pay are supposed to pay for. The keep the so-called complementary wifi annoyingly slow. As a business traveler these days you need wifi and I will not stay at hotels that make you pay for wifi.
2	Check in was slow, queue of about 6, 1 lady on the desk and the porter stood next to our luggage for the 20+ mins it took to check in - awkward.Booked: 1 King room with travel cot Received: 2 double beds, no travel cotBathroom floor was wet, walls were a bit stained and old, walls quite thin.Don't bother!
