5	Wow, i am so glad that i can finally get authentic Vietnamese food - pure quality at an affordable price.  I Came on opening day which was pretty hectic but definitely worth the wait.  I had the house chicken noodle soup and it was absolutely delicious.  It was full of flavor and the chicken was so tender, I will definitely be back.  This will definitely become one of my weekly luncheons.
3	I went to Chicken Noodle House earlier for dinner and had a pleasant meal.After scanning the small menu, the boyfriend and I decided to start off with some spring rolls.  They were pretty standard so it's nothing to write about.I had ordered the Beef Stew while my boyfriend ordered some kind of bun.  The bun was kind of disappointing but the beef stew was delicious!  The meat was tender, the sauce was savory, and everything was cooked into soft perfection.The decor of the place is very modern and stylish and the servers are extremely nice!
3	Nestled within Mekong Plaza, Chicken Noodle House serves up a pretty mean noodle soup.  The broth is very flavorful, whether you get a lighter soup vs. hearty soup, and the noodles taste fresh and are perfectly cooked.  Their other entree dishes, however, are less than spectacular.  Service, while very friendly, was slow.  On the upside, their prices are very reasonable and when we went they had a Thursday night deal where all the food was 1/2 price.
4	The first time I ate at the restaurant I was really impressed with the taste and freshness of their food.  For the amount of money you will spend on food these days they are a real value.   I enjoyed eating their Ca Kho To which is catfish in a vietnamese caramel sauce on hotpot.   Love this dish.  I also had the Bun which is vegetables, rice noodle and lots of grilled meat.  By far their best value is their Ban Mi which is their vietnamese sandwhich.  It is cheap and very good.  The owner''s daughter is very nice.
1	Although there wasn't much customers in the restaurant, the waiter took a while to come to our table until my wave my hand for their attention.I ordered Nem Nuong roll and Bun Rieu (which is noodle shrimp in a crab soup base). The Nem Nuong roll is horrible, the noodle was cold when I took a bite. Usually the roll should  be somewhate warm and the rice wrapping is soft. But in this case, it was cold. When the Bun Rieu bowl came out, I was surprise at their portion. It is way too small for a price of $6.95. They should just consider that size for a lunch menu for $4.95. I was not impressed with the taste either. I think I only ate 20% of the bowl, and I feel bad for wasting it. The broth has no taste, I had to add some fish sauce to make it saltier, which is not something you add to a bowl of Bun Rieu. The blood pudding was hard and not soft. And the cook are going cheap with the ingredients, I did not taste any crab or shrimp. Most place would mix some eggs and crab paste which is soft when you take a bit of it, but instead I got some shredded pork maybe mixed with 1% crab paste roll in a ball and just drop into the soup and hard when you bit into it.  It was horrible.I would not return here.
1	omg i wished i would of read reviews on this place before i went.... i wanted some pho and usually eat and unphogettable which is very great. came here and saw they had viet sandwhiches being the fatass that i am i order pho with meatballs and the sandwhich. i got the sandwhich and i dunno who made this or what it was so thick 6 slices of meat and one was some kinda ham which i have never seen before this is a asian sandwhich not american asians dont eat 6 thick slices of meat and the meats were not even what i saw on the menu i wanted the porkroll and the tan red one nope i got some pink ham porkroll and some omg rotten pate. i was soo sick after i ate i came home i been having stomach problems and throwing up it had to of been the meat the pho was ok  and the asian waitor didnt want to give me the small plate of lemon bean sprouts and mint. he saids my bowl doesnt come with it and i told him nobody eats pho with out thoese garnishes and he just kept insisting that i dont get it. im like wtf i knew i should of just walked off and left the food there it was empty as hell. and the waitor had no ida what he was selling me. how do u work in a resturant and not know the food there. he had to go to the back and ask a mexican who was making my sandwhich and knew no english omg it was soo horrible the gave me a cup of water 1/4 full with little ice? like wtf budget cuts? or what i mean it was a bad experience 30 mins after i eatting my temp was up to 101 and i was coughing and i been coughing so hard and all night my lungs hurt this is horrible i will never go here agian. read the reviews ppl this place sucks no i have to pay a copay miss work and im sick as a dogg. i cant believe this
1	I am really hate to write a bad review but this one really got on my nerve.So here is how it goes.- Atmosphere: Three stars. It is a okay atmosphere since they make it like a bar.- Food: Three stars. Nothing special. -Everything is okay to me. I order rice with the marinate beef. Not really a fan. I like the chicken wings though.- Clean: One star. The table are dirty even after the waitress wipe it off??? What??? I can still see the food the other customer left behind.- Service: Really bad service. We have to ask for everything. From utensils to sauce for the food. Sorry if I can give a negative star I would.- Price: Three stars. Okay price. I come on the first few days of the the discount week. The whole bill is only half price so it is cheap at that time.Total: Two star.And here is how it get one star. Since I decide to give it a second try because all restaurant are busy on the first day, I decide to come back with one of my friends. The result: we left angrily since nobody greeted us when we came. They left us sitting waiting for table without saying a single word. They completely ignore us while standing there and watch TV? What the?Since then I never visit again. Would not recommend for anyone to come there.
4	Four Stars for the Bhan Mi sandwiches.  Pure GOODNESS!! Every thing else on the menu is so, so : \
