5	It is true, I like their pizza - or maybe it's just better when you eat it here while relaxing and enjoying a beer.
4	This is a brand new location and it is very nice. Best one I have been in so far. Just discovered it the other day. Had no idea it was even here. Their pizza is good not the best. They have a lunch special two slices and a drink for $3. That is hard to beat. I guess I made the mistake of ordering a sub at a pizza place. My co workers wanted pizza but I was feeling sandwich. I should have gone to the sub place a few doors down I now discover. This was a bad sub. Really bad. It was more like an anti pasta salad on a bun. It is almost like they forgot they offer it on the menu because all the smart people are always ordering pizzas. Then they just threw this together. I sit ate it so it wasn't that bad but I will never order it again and I implore you gentle reader stay away from the subs. This is one place were you should fall in line with everyone else and order the pizza. That is what they do well.It should hurt the rating more than it does but the pizza, the lunch specials, the friendly staff and the very nice restaurant make up for it. It is very close to work so I will be back for lunch for sure.
4	Good pizza, great wings, and quick service for a Friday night pick-up dinner. Prices are great for the quality/size pizza you get. Wings are flavorfull and the hot wings have a nice kick to them. Nice atmosphere as well with friendly staff. Can't speak to any of the other meals they offer like sandwiches and salads...but I dun go to a pizza place for a sammich. Will definitely be coming back!
4	The wings are huge, the pizza is delicious, what more do you want or need to know about Barros? Oh right, yes: This is a pizza joint. Don't venture off into the deep end beyond PIZZA and WINGS.It's not the best pizza you will ever indulge in; however, there's a reason this place has been around for ev er: It's affordable and tasty. Fire wings are true to their name. Barros Special is a fantastic combo, but we usually try to stick to 3-4 toppings. And the customer service is great. It should be known that I haven't dined in or even picked up at this location. Just called in orders for that random Friday night Dude y yo are planning to binge watch Netflix and NOT lift a finger to cook! Always polite over the phone and never on infinite hold.Bottom line, Barros is always a safe bet for take out pizza.
5	Alright, here's the facts.  Pizza place with tasty pizza, fresh toppings, and yummy crust.  Ice cold beer on tap - and now they have Four Peaks Kilt Lifter.  Ahhh!  They can dump the others for all I care.  Staff is ALWAYS nice and it makes it a pleasure coming in.  I don't mind having a beer while I wait for our order.It is a family environment which has its highs and lows.  Seems it doesn't matter what day or what time you come there are kids here with their families.  Yes families.  Plural.   So sometimes it's screeching loud and little kids running about.  C'mon parents.  Multiple TVs on all walls playing sports or the latest, overplayed current event(s).So they do have other menu options besides pizza but I've only had the pizza and wings and quite honestly the wings were just mediocre.There's also bottled beer, wine (cough cough -sad attempt but I have seem some people with a glass.  White, white Zin (gag-fyi, this is Koolaid, not wine), and a red.), and Coca Cola products -Hurray for Coke!!! Oh and I hadn't mentioned this yet -Udi Gluten Free pizza crust.  I was told it only comes in the small size though.So pizza, wings, appetizers aka salads bread, kids menu, desserts, beverages, booths and tables, kids play area complete with kids television programs and arcade games....What did I omit?Hmm.Oh yeah, they have GREAT pizza.  Nom Nom Nom
1	Pizza is delish!! We live on Chandler and the 202 and live within 2 and 3 miles of 2 locations and you don't deliver to our address?! Get real. For convenience, we'll order from pizza hut.
3	I feel kinda silly writing a review for Barro's, but I actually liked it.  Good selection of fresh toppings and ice cold beer.  Oh, and lot's of sports on TV's around the restaurant.  Great for kids and groups too.
2	Barro's Pizza is one mystery that still bugs me to this day. I moved here in 1991 and guys from my job used to order Barro's a lot (mainly from a longtime closed location near Baseline & Hardy). This turned out to be one of my favorite pizza places! The sausage was great, they didn't skimp on cheese and they always packed on tons of sauce which was really rich in flavor. IMO the sauce is what really makes the pie! I tried 2 different Barro's in the 90's and they pretty much both tasted good. I kind of lost track with eating there and at least sometime in the last 10-15 years they must have changed their sauce recipe as it's never ANYWHERE near as good as it was in the 90's! I've tried it twice in the last few years and get bummed out by the sauce having a weird, almost chemical like aftertaste and a watery texture instead of a rich, thick flavorful sauce that I fondly remember. The crust, cheese & topping still seem the same but I'm curious if anyone knows when & why the sauce changed?  They are obviously still popular as now they are popping up everywhere near me. I'll probably try a couple of the other locations and see if any of them can bring the magic back!
5	This joint has the best lunch specials in the area. Many options, all incredibly cheap (i.e. 2 slices of pizza, a very good side salad, and a drink. for $6 tax included), and they are also very fast and efficient in moving the line, which can get quite long. Pizza is very good if not outstanding, salads are great. Now a regular destination in the rotation.
3	Pizza is hard to rate depending on how you like it. They over thin crust and reg. we got the reg and it was decent. Sauce is sweeter than normal. Pizza has a soft doughy texture . Toppings are good quality.
5	Great place for Watching a game.Play area for little kids!  Awesome Great food, beer and wine!!TVs everywhere and the staff doesn't bugYou to get you more food or drinks:)
2	This location used to be the Amazing Grace bookstore, in the Home Depot plaza corner of Kyrene and Rural.It's much bigger than their former location at Warner and Rural, I believe it was. And lighting is much better.  And the kids' section is much better.Haven't had Barros? The pizzas have generous chunks and slices of toppings, rather than eeny weeny looks-like-you-used-a-Chopper-machine- sized toppings.If you are getting your order to go at this location, they do a great job. However, we are here on  a Monday night eating in, hardly anyone here,  we finished quite a while ago (15 or 20 min) and none of the workers has come by to see if we need boxes (or anything). I asked for extra napkins when she brought the pizza,  as we ordered wings (honey bbq are really good), and she only gave us like 5 more for a family of 4. It makes me sorry that I pre-tipped when I paid on the card, as I had no cash on me for a tip afterwards.  This service deserves no tip. :/Sadly, the location at Alma School and Germann has the same bad service. We thought we would try this Warner location for dine-in since they do a good job for carry-out. Guess not. If you choose to eat here, just know that the service will be bad and so if you happen to get good service,  you will be pleasantly surprised, rather than having your high hopes dashed like we did.
1	Ordered delivery, associate on the phone said it would be 20 minutes. I called when it was about an hour later and still no pizza. He said that they should be there any minute, and they were. BUT, PIZZA WAS COLD! Never again, poor customer service, who wants cold pizza!!!
4	Consistently good pizza and a decent beer selection and friendly staff. The regular crust tends to be too much for me but the thin crust is just right. The cookie pizza with vanilla ice cream is great for when I'm feeling a bit indulgent.
