3	Let me start by saying that I am a DIE HARD fan of Louis Vuitton!  Have been ever since I was 18 - you know, just a few years ago ... ;)  I love all the handbags, jewelry, sunglasses, scarves, accessories in this beautiful store (I can't even count the number of handbags I own, a treasured pair of their gorgeous sunglasses and oodles of accessories - yep, I'm an LV whore); however, the staff is way too stiff and stuffy!  This is a concept I have NEVER EVER NEVER understood.  They *work* in the boutique .... Key word being "WORK" .... I *SHOP* in the boutique ... Key word being "SHOP" ...  In other words, YOU the worker bee, should show me, the shopper with the $$$, respect ...  You get the point.  Love Louis Vuitton!  Love The Wynn Esplanade!  Not a fan of the LV staff!@
4	Four stars for how very cool this LV store looks from the outside and the purse "bar" area inside the store. We lucked out on service since the gal who greeted us was a newbie! She was nice and chatted with us while we sat at the "bar". It's always funny when customers know more about the products than the LV staff do. Anyway, it always helps be knowledgeable about LV because then they know they can't bullshit or diss you. The other way to get attention is when you walk in with a limited edition purse which they know costs beaucoup bucks. It's the same stuff at every LV, nothing I hadn't seen in other stores. I just thought this location in Vegas was the best looking one of the four.
3	I really like the layout for this store.  The display the greets you as you walk through the doors is always pretty extravagant with various colors and new designs.  It's like a pile of x-mas presents laid out before you, except they're all open and with large price tags on them.  They definitely made this one more hip compared to locations that are well established.Everything in this store is spread out into small sections.  The accessories, luggage, and men's sections are all fairly small, and the selection on display is slim.  They do however carry a lot of models that aren't on display, you just have to know what you're looking for and ask.The staff has been a hit or miss here.  The first few times it was pretty bad as they ignored me and kept looking at me as someone that couldn't afford any of the stuff in the store.  Then there was another time when Rita helped me out and she was super nice and I wound up making a purchase there (granted she was hot too and I kind of got suckered in, but it was worth it).
4	Given my low expectations of Louis Vuiton staff service, I have to say the staff here was not bad. They don't overwhelm you with attention, and when they're serving you, they are attentive and helpful (at least the lady I was with).Unfortunately, I was going to buy a bag but didn't want to leave it in my hotel room, so I ended up leaving with nothing since I couldn't make it back to this location. I'll just pick up something at the store near me.By the way, my friend gave me a great tip. Look at the labels to make sure the purse you're getting is made in France, not made in the USA. Apparently, those retain more value in the long run.
4	3.75 starsOther than the outlet LV store in Japan, this is probably the first lv store i went into.  The security guards were a little bit intimidating, staring at you and looking bored out of their minds.  In other nice stores at caesars, they at least smile or say have a good nite.  Anyway, like Fern mentioned, the purse bar was kind of interesting and fun.  Once the associate found out my aunt might get something, she pulled out 7-10 bags for us to see and took off the protection tape on each.  I forgot her name, but she was very patient and very helpful.  She disappeared for a long while after we decided, but I would still recommend it if you are seriously looking, and even though they would probably ignore me if I was by myself!
4	Of all the LV stores in Las Vegas, this was the prettiest!  I walked in and sat on a bar stool at the "bag bar".  Holy cow this is cool!  I asked if they served drinks and they laughed and said, "No!".  Instead they showed me bags while I sat on the bar stool!  The service was great.  They showed me bags even though I wasn't in to make a purchse (I had just purchased from the LV Neiman Marcus accross the street and then decided to check out the Wynn LV).  The store is really nice.  I give it 4 stars since they weren't serving drinks at the "bar"!!!
5	I had a great time buying my latest bag from the Wynn.  The bag bar was the best - and I had an adorable very friendly salesman.  I actually will only buy at either the store at Saks or the Wynn when I'm in Vegas- can't get waited on at the one at Caesars even though I'm waving cash..forget it I don't have the patience for that so it's way better at the Wynn anyway.
5	wow customer service here is good! this is my louis vuitton of choice. they treat you soo good here.i bought a duffel and they engraved my luggage tag for me. my friend bought one at caesars and they didnt even offer her!!!also, once i walked into caesars and one of the ladies was being a bitch to me like i dont have money or something. pissed me off. thats why i dont shop there. i was even wearing a newer style louie bag when i walked in too. LOUIS VUITTON AT THE WYNN has 5 STAR SERVICE!
5	This Louis Vuitton boutique is great.  Very helpful sales associates who don't mind chit-chatting about leather goods and accessories.  Friendly and honest, I felt really comfortable shopping at this location.  I will return to this LV Store the next time I'm in Vegas.
1	I received a vintage LV bag from a friend of mine when her mom passed away. This bag has sentimental value and I wanted to have it refurbished. I was in Las Vegas this weekend and based on the Yelp reviews I went to the LV store in the Wynn to see about having it repaired.I went to the counter and no one would make eye contact with me. I finally got someone's attention and asked about repair work - so they called over their repair "specialist".  I showed her the bag and and she said since someone "other" then LV had made a zipper repair to the bag, they "would not touch it".   She practically threw it back at me and when I asked her for a shopping bag, she went out of her way to find me a PLAIN white shopping bag. I was so completely offended  - she didn't offer to show me a new bag, clean the old one  or engage me in any way.  If she had, I might have purchased a new bag.I've never been treated so shabbily by a sales person in my life.  I had several other purchases with me and was obviously in a shopping mood - I ended up walking into the  Chanel boutique at the Wynn and was treated wonderfully and had great time.  I specifically went to that Louis Vuitton store based on the reviews here on Yelp, but was very disappointed.  I would bypass this store entirely and go to Chanel for a purse - you'll have a much better experience and won't be treated like scum by a snooty little shop girl.
5	I had a lovely experience here. I had tried on the Conspiration Pilote sunglasses at LV Ceasars the day before and was pretty sure that I wanted them.     I was unable to return to Ceasars before I had to leave for the airport, so we walked across the street to Wynn instead - knowing there was an LV store there.I was approached and helped immediately, and asked the saleswoman to please hold the sunglasses while I went to one other store down the way.   Not only did she hold them but she went across the street during my absence to find me a brand new pair from another store, so as not to sell me the display pair.  She cleaned them and had them waiting for me when I returned 10 min later.  Perfection... and I am now the proud owner of what might be the worlds most pretentious pair of shades ever.  ;-)
5	Oh yes much better!  How nice to be greeted warmly, then allowed to ooohhh and awe and then kindly asked if you needed any help!  I love ya and wish I could buy everything in there.  Wynn you did good with this store.
5	I love this LV store because they have the best service ever!  The SA are very helpful and friendly.  My sale lady, Jeri, spent about an hour with me with out any hesitation.  I went there to look around and bought a purse and a wallet for myself.  Since LV doesn't have commission there were no pressure to sell their stuff.
5	Very friendly and helpful. Excellent customer service. Would definitely visit again.
5	The largest Louis Vuitton store I've ever seen.Huge selection and a large staff to wait on me.I had a good day of gambling so I decided to let my GF treat herself to a bag. I realize a $1800 handbag is a bit much but it's just not the handbag itself but the service and the feeling that the person who wears it get. It may not mean anything to you but it does for my GF and that's all that matters to me.I think it was worth it.
5	8/14/10We were eye shopping and Edward Jackson comes up to help us out...he's been with the company forever it seems and knew sooo much about the products and truly had a passion for it...he even gave me a tip on how to take care of my leather straps on my purse that had a water stain...truly an enjoyable person to speak with...I even kept his card in case I won some big money and picked myself something nice! LOLHe truly made it an enjoyable experience...to visit the LV store at the Wynn.
5	You walk away satisfied!!!!  Edward Jackson is an employee at the Louis Vuitton inside Wynn Las Vegas and if you are looking for someone who is helpful, patient and really knows the products, he will be the person to see.  I have been in the sales industry for many years and as a manager I believe the customer service is the number #1 priority, that's what you get at this location.  I go see Edward every time I am in town and is looking to purchase at LV, there's probably a dozen stores in LA that I can go to but I go all the way to Vegas to purchase my handbag, not only for the lower tax...lol... it's basically the great service I always receive!Ask for Edward!
5	I live in Los Angeles where I can easily buy my Louis here but I make  the effort to go to the LV in Vegas, the one in the Wynn in particular, due to one person, Edward Jackson.  His outstanding customer service is one of a kind.  He knows his stuff, history, products...etc.  I suggest that if you are ever in that area, come see him when you need help with your next Louis Vuitton purchase, you wont be sorry!!!
4	This Louis Vuitton store may not be as big or have as great of a selection as the one at City Center but the customer service here is much better .
4	On a mission to purchase the iconic Alma in Damier Ebene, I browsed several LV stores but none had my bag in stock.  Sniff!  :(  I decided to take a peek at LV at the Wynn in hopes that my bag would be available.I entered the store and was greeted by several SAs, but they were all busy helping customers.  I easily entertained myself by browsing all of the portable eye candy.  Finally I spotted MY bag sitting on the shelf looking oh so pretty.  When she finished with her customers, a SA named May approached me and offered me assistance.  When I asked to see the Alma, she ever so delicately handed the precious cargo to me.  Perfection.  I also asked to see the Speedy 30 in Damier Azur, just for fun.  ;)  However, I had my heart set on the Alma.  All in all, I was pleased with my experience at LV at Wynn.  I would definitely visit again...for my next LV purchase.  ;)
4	Seems like every time we go to the Wynn we end up taking a gander at the beautiful bags. The sales staff has always been very helpful even though it is obvious that we are only browsing. They do not hesitate to let me see the bags up close, bring out different colors, and give me information on the bags.
5	Gigi and the manager Hilary were so awesome - very friendly and super helpful. All of the staff at Wynn were the total opposite of the stereotypical high-end retail snobs ignoring us at Crystals. We were looking at bags for over an hour, and Hilary very patiently showed us everything we wanted to see. At these kinds of stores, you really need someone to actively help you since so many things are locked up or behind the counter. She knew we were there to buy, not just look, so honestly that may have been a factor too. But going by all of the other positive reviews, they're nice and helpful with everybody. The store is smaller than Crystals but they actually seem to have about the same amount of stock as far as bags.
5	EXPENSIVE....only window shopped. sadface/
5	good service and great selection.I tried on a skirt  one size larger then my normal size because they didn't have my size in the color I like at the time. when I came out from the dressing room the sales person had already done the search for me to see which store still carry the size I wear. which I feel is very efficient. They ordered it for me and waived the shipping cost. I am happy!
5	On a recent R&R trip to sin city (that's almost an oxymoron) I developed an obsession with the Neverfull tote bag.  Of course when I obsess, I must satisfy my urge...immediately!  We were staying at Encore and having the store in the Esplanade made my desire for this bag all too real and literally at arms reach.We walked in and were greeted by a lovely Filipino sales lady.  She was helping other fellow Asian LV obsessors and asked another sales associate to assist, Ms. Joanna.  Joanna was a doll from start to finish!  She spent the time explaining the history of the monogram print and allowed me to bounce back and forth deciding between the monogram canvas and the damier ebene.  I asked her what the return policy was should I wake up the next morning regretting my style selection and she put me at ease (there is a 14 day return policy). She was so pleasant and I just wanted to put her in the pocket of my new Neverfull bag!  She boxed up my bag every so nicely with a cute note on the gift tag telling me that I would not regret my selection when I wake up the next day.  Thanks Joanna, I didn't regret my choice.Until we meet again LV...
5	Full selection of their lines.  Service was impeccable.  Got exactly what i wanted.  What more would you expect from a top of the line brand, with top of the line merchandise?  Asked for the full selection of their men's wallets, the salesman showed them all highlighting the features of each, and made deciding easy.
4	Came here to get a bag for my 21st birthday, the service was great. The store was beautiful with a great selection, and the sales woman was not pushy at all, only very helpful.
2	Um, 2.5 stars. Beautiful store, but service was definitely lackluster. I was here with my cousin-in-law, who has been working 6 days a week for the past 3 years with no vacation in sight. This was her first trip to Las Vegas, and she was looking forward to using her hard-earned money and purchasing a Louis Vuitton purse and wallet, which she had been meticulously researching and thinking about for weeks. When she took out her phone to look up a picture she had taken of the purse she wanted from the Louis Vuitton website, a sales associate immediately swooped down on her and told her that pictures were not allowed in the store. That already made me pretty miffed, in addition to the fact that they also chastised my niece for holding her dad's video camera (which was off) for "taking pictures." Two of my cousins and I were standing around discussing which purse to try on and purchase, and no one really came by to ask us if we needed any help. Only after she had selected one of the models that she liked in the store and after we approached a sales associate, did they finally start paying some attention to us. The sales associate helping us was helpful enough, as in she obtained the different wallets we wanted to see and answered my cousin's questions, but she was very curt with her answers and didn't crack a smile once. She wasn't very friendly. We eventually figured out which beautiful bag and wallet to purchase, and my cousin happily made the purchase, but the whole experience was pretty sour and nothing like my experiences with other Louis Vuitton stores. Maybe I caught them on a bad day, but there are at least 2 other Louis Vuitton boutiques in Las Vegas, and I doubt I'll be returning to this one.
5	My favorite store !!! Staff very attentive and helpful!! I literally want everything !!!
4	Alice really took care of me, walked out of there with a new 55 keepall. She was super helpful, showing me all the different prints and material. I came in mid afternoon, not to many customers in the store, I wasn't bum rushed by sales people, polite nods here and there. I hate when they see people and attack. I was able to look around with out the pressure of someone following me wondering if they will make commission off me, it was nice. Of course when I did need assistance Alice was there. I would defiantly come back.
5	Had to stop by this store while I was at the Wynn. Just purchased a gorgeous chain louise bag and I am completely in love with it! They always have great service and quality products. They seemed a little short staffed at this location but the sales people did apologize and did their best to accommodate all the customers. The lady that helped me was very nice and helpful. Luckily I already knew what I wanted to get. Love the very open floor set up of the store. You can find the men's merchandise to the back right of the store.
