5	Pure Heart Christian Fellowship is a great place for someone to explore their interest in spirituality or growing their faith.  Their mission statement is: "Pure Heart Christian Fellowship is a family of Christ followers committed to being a church where love is felt, lives are changed, the Holy Spirit is embraced and the world is engaged."From the peaceful grounds surrounding the campus to the staff, this is a place that welcomes everyone regardless of where they are on their journey. The members are a mix of all backgrounds, many of whom left their previous churches because they were looking for someplace that felt more connected to their everyday struggles or experienced judgments that made them uncomfortable.The services are contemporary and diverse. The pastoral staff is recognized throughout the nation as one that excels in bringing messages of relevance and importance to the community. And the greatest thing is that this is all done with a healthy dose of humor and relatability. There is seldom a week that I leave thinking that somehow the message had been directed solely to me.One of my favorite things is their community outreach programs. Whether it be feeding the hungry, participating in habitat for humanity, handing out water during the summer, or providing free gift wrapping during the holidays, their sole aim is to let people know that they are not alone in life. Regardless of your interests there is a place for you to become involved in a community of caring individuals that believe if you are not part of making the world a better place, you are not living to your fullest potential.I would encourage anyone looking for someplace that you can explore your own spiritual beliefs in a non-confrontational manner to check it out one weekend.http://www.pureheart.org/index.php
4	I attend this church with my family as well as the Young Adults service every Tuesday night (as well as hangouts throughout the week).This is a nice, comfortable, non-denominational-leaning-charismatic church.The distinctives of this church are the honest teaching of Dan Steffen and the highly-talented worship band. There is also a vibrant children's program. There are a plethora of small groups that meet as well! There's a lot more to it, and you can contact me if you want more info.
5	The Young Adults' service is now on Sunday nights at 7pm
5	Great place for building a life of personal growth. Gods love is evident and felt . They have Resources for serving the community working on personal skills like addiction and codependence, they also have resources if you're struggling financially. It's expected that you will grow as a person here not just emotionally but physically as well as building better life habits.  At pure heart God's love means that we are touching the lives of others and living our beliefs as we follow the Bible and the example of Jesus.
5	My Husband and I have found a new home here.. Praise be to God!!
5	Pure Heart feels like home to me. After visiting many churches from my teen years to adulthood, my boyfriend (now my hub), took me to Pure Heart. We attended another nondenominational church that aimed to attract young new believers. The worship was like a rock concert and the pastor was a fast talking, funny leader. That place was nice, but did not feel like home. Pure Heart is a large campus that has much to offer. They have volunteer and mission opportunities, small prayer groups, a pantry that offers food and clothing, youth services for children of all ages, and even a cafe. They also offer marriage classes and even host leadership conferences that collaborate with other churches. The worship team sings beautifully and the accompanying band is extremely talented. Some songs they choose are intimate and others are upbeat. Pastor Dan is an exceptional authentic human being. He resonates with me because he is honest and open about the things he struggles with as a leader, a husband, a father and as a Christian. And It doesn't hurt that he also very funny!I highly recommend visiting Pure Heart a couple of times even if you already have a church that you attend.
