5	This is not just your average farmers market, this is the best farmers' market I've ever been to, and probably one of the best in the country.  One of Madison's biggest attractions and most cherished traditions is taking a couple of laps around the square checking out all the great cheeses, homemade baked goods, flowers and plants, jerked and fresh meats, and of course, produce.
5	when i think about moving back to madison, i think about the farmers market. seriously. this is THE place to be. i loved it so much as a college student that i actually sold my ticket to a football game during the dayne years. i'm saying, it's THAT good.go early and walk counterclockwise (otherwise, you'll get looks). make sure to pick up honeysticks for 25 cents, and eat your breakfast there. there are plenty of vendors in carts for coffee (or stop at michaelangelo's just off the square on state) and pick up a warm cinnamon roll at one of the bread stands. stock up on corn, green beans, and all the delicious organic food your money can by. and don't forget flowers!of course, bring a pen so you can sign whatever petitions you so desire. farmers markets bring out all the activists :)
5	Take a beautiful State Capitol building, surround it with a great square, load it local small Wisconsin growers/producers offering fresh vegetables, fruits, mushrooms, meats, cheeses, flowers and plants and you have the best Farmer's Market in the middle west!  This is a real farmer's market where you can do your grocery shopping- not just specialty stuff!  It's huge, there's lots of selection, everything's fresh, and you can feel good buying things here.
5	Come for the dried flowers, stay for the cheese bread (which you can smell from any place on the square). An array of sample-able cheeses, dips, breads, etc. make it an excellent wander for a mid-morning snack. Revel, too, in the wholesome hippie couples carrying their children in hand-woven babysack thingies and be briefly inspired to be a conscientious consumer and steward of the earth's resources.
5	Madison is already among the best food towns in the Midwest, but this pushes it well into the upper echelon. If you're at all interested in food, set your alarm clock early and come here--you'll get at least one good idea and the ingredients with which to carry it out. And remember--walk counterclockwise!
5	The only place to be before 9 am on a Saturday is the farmer's market. ((Better yet shoot for 8 am.)) Bring a large bag and some cash.
5	Oozing awesomeness.I live in Minneapolis right now and while the market here is fairly large it definitely lacks the meat/cheese offerings that this one has.  Also, the layout of this market is great as it is basically a big square that you walk around.  The market in Minneapolis gets so congested and has people walking every which way.  Bleh.
5	Your Neighborhood Farmer's Market ... On Miracle Grow!Circling the State's Capital building are hundreds of merchants and thousands of customers (20,000 / day on average). This IS the place to be (especially considering Madison has only 200,000 population). Since there are so many merchants and even more consumers, more than just the corn, cabbage and apples are available ... and at prices that rival neighborhood grocers. Must haves at the Farmer's Market include cheese, flowers, herbs, cactus, pie, honey and meat. Cheese curds usually run about $4/lb, but come in a variety of flavors including Cajun and Garlic Dill; splurgers can feast on some of the world's best cheese (PBS actually made a documentary on the world-class cheese-makers featured at the Madison Farmer's Market. Also, of special note are the delicious pies offered by the Amish ... grab some vanilla bean and warm up a slice of their pie in the microwave ... and you'll be in your comfort food bliss zone. Meat vendors offer farm-raised cattle steaks at value; once a steak is cut into and savored, it will be near-impossible to return to Copps and attempt to eat one of their steaks. The cons of the farmer's market are: * Lack of parking - finding a parking spot downtown is near impossible on the 1st pass ... persistence and comfortable shoes pay off.* Must have change - the metered parking is hungry and provides only 1.25 hours. After every rotation (usually takes one hour or so), it is best to chuck more change in the meter (and also gives you an opportunity to put goods in the trunk). * Saturation - The crowd is saturated with people seeking deals, baby carriages, wagon pullers and etc. If you hate walking shoulder to shoulder in a crowd, it is advised you seek one of the other dozen or so Madison area farmer's markets on Saturday.
5	Best Farmer's Market EVER!!! In college, I think I hit this up every Saturday from late May until early fall (when pre-gaming for Badger games took priority).  Even when I go now, I have the same ritual...get up early, be to Michelangelo's Coffee shop around 7ish, enjoy a cup of coffee and either stroll solo or with my mom or friends around Capitol Square.  First time around to enjoy breakfast and scope out the best deals...usually a raspberry danish, pumpkin bar, or cranberry muffin, and the second time to make my purchases.  Each season offers wonderful fruits, veggies, and flowers....in the spring, I'd always stock up on herbs for the garden, and most times, I'd leave with fresh mushrooms, spinach/lettuce, and fresh cut flowers to decorate the pad until next Saturday.  And tomato, berry, and apple season cannot be beat!  What a great place to visit...the best days are game days when the UW band provides tunes to browse by.  Such a great vibe...and don't forget to check out the art vendors near State Street, too...pretty cool stuff from jewelry to paintings to pottery.
5	Great Saturday morning activity.  It circles (ok, squares) around the capital.  Plethora of options from scones and breads to vegetables to apples to emu (yes, emu) meat.  All the vendors were very helpful and knowledgable about their products.  Also none of the loud yelling and pointing found in other farmers' markets (a la Haymarket)--must be that Midwestern charm.
5	The Farmers Market is one of the things I miss the most about Madison. I've been to many markets since my college days and none of them compare with Madison's weekly market. There's something special about Madison and the market emulates it. It surrounds our beautiful capital building, has a vibe that can't be described, and is a great mix of students, alumni, residents, hippies, bums, and everyone else in between.
5	Awesome, just awesome.  If ever you're able to visit Madison, make sure to check out the huge and pinchably cute Farmer's Market.  It's just a great way to spend a morning, walking around the Capital and checking out the super fresh fare.
5	One of the most unique experiences I've ever had.  Out-of-town guests are always amazed.  The only negative is that it does get really crowded so try to go early.  One of the main reasons to love Madison.
5	You have to give the Dane County Famer's Market "mad props" for putting on this culinary extraveganza on summer weekends. The selection of locally grown and produced foods is truly unparalleled among farmers' markets that I've seen. There is truly something here for everyone.
5	The most amazing farmer's market I've ever been too.  I love to spend an early Saturday morning walking around the square and getting my tax money's worth by using the nicest bathrooms in the state!Check the website to see what's there before going.  Early in the season it's mostly plants, bakery and meats.  Later in July/August it gets better with more produce.  It's always fun to check out though.  Go early to beat the crowds.  After 10:30 it gets difficult to move, much less shop!
5	I went to grad school at Madison for two years, and I still have some friends in Madison who I visit.  When I visit, I am always sure to stop by the Farmer's Market.  I would highly recommend the spicy cheesey bread sold on the southwest corner.  Other favorites of mine are ostrich brats and the flowers :)
5	Although I think the Farmer's Market we have in Omaha is pretty good, this one is superb.  I believe it is the largest famer's market in the US.  It's so fun to walk around the capitol, looking at all the wonderful produce, beautiful plants and flowers, and taste all the incredible cheese.   We even were able to purchase morel mushrooms here.
5	Definitely one of the best farmers' markets in the U.S., period.
5	In my youth, Saturday mornings started after 3pm and sadly, it was a rarity that I ever was able to make it to this wonderful, wonderful mecca of tastes, sounds and sights.  Now that I'm finally approaching graduation it's Friday nights like this (where I'm actually working on a paper and breaking with Yelp) I know I'll be up tomorrow morning rise and shine and be able to come home with the best and freshest produce.  I always get suckered into a bouquet of wildflowers (see profile picture--those are from the market!) as well as fresh cheese curds and apple cider.  Nothing tops a Saturday morning other than this...well that and breakfast at Mickey's Dairy Bar.
5	This is the best Farmer's Market I have been too.  Lots of great cheese, fruits, veggies, and breakfast pastries when I used to go.  Better than the famous Union Square Greenmarket in NYC!
5	Oh Madison Farmer's Market...how I miss you. Since my move to the Chicago area I have not been able to find a match to you. As a teenager and young adult I remember getting up with my family and driving the 45 min to get to you as a really sweet summer treat. I looked forward to the cheese curds, beef jerky, veggies and bakery items that would feed us on the trip home.  Cut flowers always seemed to find a way home with us to brighten the following week. Herbs and other plants became new friends to take care of in the garden.  My family still jokes about the time in my teens I carried a plastic grocery bag full (and I mean full!) of heirloom chives around the whole capitol, because I thought if I didn't buy them right then for the really cheap price of 5 bucks they would be gone when I came back. And I was right...when we went back to our car they had all been sold.
5	The Madison farmers market is one of the very best things about Madison.  I love and LOVE it.
5	The Dane County Farmer's Market is officially my most favorite place in the world. [Or, well, at least in Wisconsin.] I lived off of State Street in Madison last summer, and anticipated every Saturday when I would I wake up at 8AM and walk those few blocks into a magical Midwestern wonderland. There are 100+ vendors at this weekly (purportedly largest-in-the-country) farmers market, all stocked with local fruit, vegetables, honey, maple syrup, eggs, meat, sausage, fish, cheese, jam, bread, donuts, pastries, flowers, etc. Oh, it is so, so wonderful. My friends and I would usually meet up and wander the square a few times, comparing prices on produce and picking up food for the week. $25 worth of food could feed me like a queen until next Saturday's market. I especially loved the market culture. All of the vendors are extremely knowledgeable and passionate about their wares, and are just friendly people in general. I once had a long conversation about heirloom tomatoes with a particularly talkative vendor, and another time spent an hour conversing with Jim the Jam Man about his refurbished Victorian home. The farmer's market is also very "Madison"  - war protesters, Democratic Party recruiters, Amish vendors, GLBT advocates, and country hicks all happily co-exist there. Visiting the market made me appreciate Midwestern/rural culture for probably the first time in my life. Definitely make it a point to visit if you are ever in the Madison area.
5	I recently moved to northern California, and I still have yet to find a Farmer's Market that can beat Madison's.  Cheese curds, cheese bread, fruits, veggies, flowers, cookies, heck, even ostrich meat, I do believe.  It can get a little crowded, this is true, but it's worth it.  There is something for everyone, and I always went home with my bags full.
5	The farmers market is THE place to get your seasonal goods. Gorgeous produce, tantalizing baked goods, and yes...squeaky fresh cheese curds.It's best to do a lap first, to find the best produce, at the best price. BIG TIP-go early! Like, as early as your butt will let you drag it out of bed. Otherwise, the place is bombarded with rubbernecks and stroller wielding slowpokes.
5	The Farmer's Market is the only good reason to be up early on a Saturday morning.  And I do mean early.  I mean, like, 7 a.m.  Get there much later than that and you have to contend with throngs of slightly dazed people, and a lot more women pushing strollers that you inevitably trip over.Do yourself a big favor and stop at the Oakhouse Bakery tent for *amazing* scones and other such pastries.  Get your cured meat fix at the D&G tent, where incredible beef jerky abounds.  Hook's Cheese is another favorite of mine, with many varieties of aged cheddar and jack.  There is just so damn much to taste and see and smell.  It's like a party for the senses, and everyone's invited.
5	This is one of the things I look forward to every time we visit Madison.  We hit it pretty early in the morning so we can avoid the larger crowds that start around 9 am.  Of course you can get fresh fruit and veggies at the market but they have so much more to offer.  Need honey, they got it.  Need fresh flowers or jelly/jam, they got it.  Want a canvis bag to carry it all, you can get that there too.  The best thing to do is get you breakfast and coffee when you get there and walk around to see the rest.  Make sure you look across the street as you walk because there are other vendors there.
5	The Farmer's Market on the square makes me want to move back to Madison; I so enjoy eating my way around the capitol.  As others said, get there early; the later it gets, the more crowded with strollers and slow lolly-gaggers.  This is a great way to eat local/seasonal produce and support area farmers; some of my favorites this year...rhubarb muffins, fresh and squeaky cheese curds, apples right from the orchard, and huge kohlrabi.One big plus is that there is an organization (the name escapes me) that gives vouchers to low income families so that they have the means to buy fresh, locally grown food for their families.
5	Wonderful!!!!I visited a friend in Madison and she took us here - so amazing!  I am super invested in farmer's markets and all that they have to offer, so I was pleasantly surprised when this one turned out to be amazingly huge and delicious!  The selection was unbelievable - there was literally something of everything.  There were tons of fruit and veggie vendors as well as those who had their own homemade baked goods, foods, and other products (yarn, clothes, etc).  Amazing!  The view is also great since the market stretches around the state's capitol building.  A nice place for history buffs if you're into that sort of thing.This was also the first time I have ever had cheese curds, too.  My friend advised me that the best and freshest curds squeak in your mouth when you chew them.  So good!  We were able to sample some before purchase and it was so yummy.  There was also coffee and breakfast stands to curb your early Saturday morning hunger.  It seriously does not get better than this.  I spent a lot of time at farmer's markets when I studied abroad in France and this definitely rivals some of the best European farmer's markets.  It is large and very traditional.  The prices can't be beat, either.  A lot of farmer's markets here in Chicago sell amazing goods but the prices are rather high - the Madison Farmer's Market has its prices just right.
5	The Madison Farmer's Market is an amazing experience, especially at the height of the summer season.   I have been to several markets in various states but this is by far the largest with the greatest variety of vendors.  I live in Austin, TX where you have a better selection at the grocery store than at the market which barely occupies one block.  The Madison market surrounds the entire capital with venders packed tightly together.  I like to go early and pick up some beef sticks to munch on while scoping out possible veggies to steam for dinner.  I love cheese and what better place to buy cheese than the proclaimed cheese capital of the world?  It does get very crowded by late morning and things sell out.  So get there early.
5	I used to live in Madison and look forward to my summer visits for a variety of reasons including hitting up the Farmers Market!  My advice-make a day of it!Get down there early--take public transportation as parking is lousy and well, face it Madison has one of the best public transportations in the nation.    Start on the corner by the WI history museum and make your way around.  I love all the little booths and the flowers, especially in late July and August make my heart smile.  The fresh veggies and cheese are amazing and I could eat all the berries in sight!  In the fall, the market is also a hit and bring your kids (if you have any) and pick out a pumpkin!Street performers, music, people watching and lying on the lawn!  What an amazing day!
5	This is one of the coolest farmer's markets I have been to, actually.
5	Absolutely wonderful!No farmer's market will EVER compare to Madison's farmer's market.  You could find me circling the capital every Saturday morning when I lived here.  The plethora of cheese stands, the unique breads and the delicious and inexpensive produce make this farmer's market the cat's meow!  I HIGHLY recommend everyone in Madison checking out the farmer's market every Saturday.  You'll decrease your grocery list 10-fold!
5	I miss the farmer's market every week when I look in my email box and get my newsletter. Yes, I still subscribe to stay connected. The abundant produce, meats, honey sticks, fresh flowers, fresh pastas, trout ladies, cheese bread, cheese spread, CHEESE CURDS! are all awesome. This morning ritual of mine is something I miss more for the sense of productive community. This is because I've been coming here ever since I was 3 years old in my red wagon. We would see neighbors, made relationships with local vendors, attended market school for kids (you do things like plant your own strawberry, or learn about compost), my mom's friend even dated Farmer John for a while... There is truly something for everyone. One of my favorite things about the market though, is that it doesn't close in the winter. It is moved the Madison Senior Center, and though the pickings are much slimmer, you can get a six dollar market breakfast every sunday morning. It's done by volunteers that sometimes include Madison celebrity chefs like Chef Tory, using market products. The result is a healthy, delicious meal set to whatever live music group is playing, on an otherwise uninviting WI winter morning.
5	Love this! We had the most amazing cheeses and cheese spreads and fresh fruits and veggies from the vendors. Wonderful time to walk around, collect a few items and have an impromptu picnic.
5	Our time at the Madison Farmers market was a great way to spend part of our Saturday afternoon.  The Market circles the Wisconsin State Capitol. It is filled with all kind of fresh fruit, Veggies, canned jam and honey. There were also stands that were peddling little trinkets, tie dyed T-shirts and necklaces.  The Market is a beautifully diverse group of people. There was everything from farmers to old hippies selling their wares.  I only wish that we had a cooler with us, so we could have bought more stuff.
5	Madison Farmers Market has grown tremendously over the years.  You can find just about anything there now, including homeless people!!!  The dense, slow-moving crowds continously circling around make for good pickpocketing and slappin' unsuspecting man bottoms!
5	i am completely in love with the madison farmer's market.  i've now been to a fair amount of farmer's markets around the country, but going to the madison farmer's market was a religion to me.  saturday mornings i would dutifully rise early in the morning, make the trek down to the capitol square, and embark on my favorite weekly journey.  if you enter from state street, here are some directional tips, cuz you sort of have to learn where the deals are.  immediately to your right they sell the best basil vinagrette around that i'm thinking of enlisting friends to ship me from madison since i crave it frequently. there are a couple places that sell minibread, but bypass the first one and wait till you get to the second one.  DEFINITELY get the chocolate chip banana bread.  try their other kinds too, but that's still my favorite.  get fresh cheesecurds and try the baked cheese samples on the skillet of the large cheese tent.  buy some tomato basil bread from the first bakery or the spicy cheese bread from the last.  all around the square are beautiful flowers, fresh, reasonable, and diverse produce.  you can even buy ostrich meat from the ostrich farmer, and after being adventurous i've gotta say it was pretty delicious!i could go on with specific examples but it's not just about the actual products.  it's the smells, the feel, the crowd.  it's beautiful around the square, the aura is crisp and friendly despite the crowds - i'd even go so far as to say it's a spiritual experience.  no other farmer's market i've been to can touch it, so if you're lucky enough to be in the area, it's definitely worth the early alarm!
5	Has got to be one of the best Farmer's Markets in the country.My sister and I were visiting  friends in Madison this last weekend, and we went to the market. It circled the Capitol, so we just picked a spot and started around till we ran out of cash! We didn't get much fruit or veggies because we were traveling, otherwise we would have gotten some beautiful strawberries.  There was produce,  of course, but also tons of great booths of cool stuff like arts and crafts, (even got a marble sample from a wierd guy selling marbles...), honey, canned goods, cheese, meats, and baked goods. I was out of money, but we had fun tasting pestos at the  pesto and pasta stand.We didn't stay for a super long time, but we got some ten-year old cheddar(after trying lots of samples) some cheese danishes, corn salsa, rosemary infused salt, chicken bratwurst and some other fun samples. We shared a cup of green chili from the New Mexico stand, and my sister got some guac and chips. Parking was pretty easy, and after walking around we were able to stash our stuff and head on to brunch on State Street. Great weather-good times. Lots of really cool live music too...
4	I am in LOVE with the vendor who sells several types of popcorn (red, black, white...I had NO idea you could pop the other colors!)  And they even deliver, so I now I plan to order my popcorn from Wisconsin even though I'm in Chicago.  Hey, it's worth it!Very nice farmer's market.
5	I was told that I absolutely could not miss the Farmer's Market "shuffle" Saturdays at the Capitol Square. Glad I listened. What I loved about the market was that you could really tell what was in season: strawberries, rhubarb, sweet snap peas, and radishes. This is what most vendors were selling at very reasonable prices. I picked up a bag of fresh snap peas to snack on as I walked, or "shuffled" around - it is very crowded and not designed well enough to have people going in both directions, or even one direction for that matter! Nonetheless, I sampled a few cheeses and cheese curds, looked at all the very popular bread products and even the rarer treats: ostrich and bison jerky, and I finally purchased an amazing rhubarb turnover. This treat was worth the five stars by itself! The rhubarb had jut the right amount of tartness and I think the filling was mixed with a little bit of cream which cut the tartness nicely. The pastry was moist and sweet. I enjoyed my treat on the beautiful grass hill in front of the Capitol Building and got to people watch - another of my favorite pastimes. Overall, a very pleasant local Mad City excursion and when the breeze kicked in, I dare say it was a heavenly experience!
3	Cute, but it gets old after 3 years.  Basically the same thing week in and week out.  They've got cheese stands, jerky stands, produce stands, flower stands, and like the cheese bread bakery.  I don't like brats, jerky, or meat sticks, so that's a no.  I don't cook, so I don't buy produce (but it's fun to look at), I'm not a big cheese fan either.  Cheese curds?  I wish I could join in on the cheese curd business.  But to me they taste like a lot like, well, like almost cheese, but a mainly nothing.  The squeak also gives me that "fingernails on chalkboard" sensation.  Eeek!   (WTF am I doing in this state then?  Don't like brats or cheese curds?  Good question!)  I also think the cheese bread is ridiculously expensive.  It's 7 bucks for what is basically challah with some cheese wrapped in it.   Yeah, I like challah.  But I like paying a good price too.  The best thing is that it's an excuse to take a long walk outside and experience some crowds. Sigh, I miss crowds.  I love warm weather, crowds, haggling for a good price, weaving in and out of traffic, running up the stairs to catch the train, serious deli sandwiches, convenience store coffee, hip hop music, loud emotional people, and most of all - food.
4	Can I dig it?  Yes I can.It took a couple trips for me to get used to the sheer spectacle of this thing.  Considering myself an adept "city walker," at first I wanted to dash in and out of the slowly moving mob of people as they walked in a counter-clockwise stream around the capital.And then I learned to just embrace the slow-moving, slack-jawed quality of the whole thing.  There seems to be a certain etiquette in the stream.  Everyone just seems to agree on a nice easy pace, where it's possible to see all of the products: the beautiful flowers, the dried emu jerky, the fresher than hell cheese curds, and that damn spicy, hot cheese bread.  This is really the only must have item for me at the market.  It comes in a steamy plastic bag, having the heft of a sock full of quarters  This shit is substantial and could easily fill four hungry bellies.  Laced with red pepper flakes and cheese, I rip through these loaves with something akin to reckless abandon.  And if you need a break, shuffle on down to the Frank Lloyd Wright center.  Take that meandering walk to the top deck overlooking Lake Monona.And only when you're ready, perhaps having steadied your hand with a sup of bourbon, head back towards the capital.  Queue back into that slow line of human cattle, as soothsayers and democrats try to foist universal health care propaganda on you.  And as apple-cheeked Wisconsin dames hand you that steaming bread filled bag of goodness.  Don't scoff at the seven dollar price tag.  Just tear a hunk off and shove it down your gaping maw.  And shut the hell up.  You're in Wisconsin.
5	There's not much to say. If you like fresh fruit and veggies, baked goods, flowers and various specialty items, you will love the Dane County Farmer's Market. What I think I love the most is that that there is a mini version of the whole shebang on Wednesday's on MLK Jr. Blvd.. It's great to be able to restock on my veggies midweek. Also, you can't beat the fact that you can go with $10 and leave with 1lb of sugar snap peas, 0.5lb of green beans, 1.5lbs of broccoli, 6 medium carrots, and a pint of raspberries.
5	Went for the first time with my family.  We were all super impressed.  The selection, the samples, the size of the market - its superb!  So many veggies, the cheeses of course, and a whole bunch of bakeries.  I've been to farmer's markets in Washington, Oregon, Indiana, and Montana, this one tops 'em all.
5	Delta Air Lines says this farmer's market is the 8th best in the world.  If DAL says it's true, it must be true.  But seriously, this farmer's market is pretty awesome.  Though I could do without the guy trying to sing the same song for money every time.As a visitor to Madison, we knew we wanted to try this place out.  The farmer's market goes around the entire capital building, and there are countless stands full of fresh fruit and vegetables, baked goods, sausage and cheese.  Of course, there were always the most crowds around the cheese stands.  And why not - we had a bag of cheese curds, but the best thing ever was fried garlic cheese.  It was like eating garlic bread without the bread - soooo good.  After a while though, you basically see the same fruits and veggies, just being sold by different vendors.  I will say this, get there early, because when we got there around 11:30 or so, the good selection of baked goods was already declining.  I was tempted to eat everything - the giant 1 foot donuts in particular looked delicious.  Also, I absolutely love people watching there, and it's fun to buy a couple things to eat and sit on the grass and watch all the people walk by.I almost forgot - this place was also memorable for when I accidentally slightly nudged this older gentleman and quickly apologized.  He literally wobbled to and fro a few times before catching himself, but then wobbled again and almost toppled over.  I was horrified at what could have been.
5	Dude.  We NEED something like this in Chicago.Being a gal from the big, bad city of Chicago, I was unaware of how many local farms are located in the Madison area.  Well, lemme tell you, I sure found out on Saturday morning at the Farmers Market.  I was blown away at how much fabulous, fresh, locally grown and organic produce, meats, cheeses, ciders, baked goods and well, pretty much anything else you can imagine, are right at your fingertips in Madison.I would advise getting there as early as possible.  Folks definitely have their favorite farms and some of the popular produce can be picked over.  But you KNOW that I woke up at the crack of dawn to get down to the market, so I pretty much had my pick of the litter.I came away with a veritable bounty of great stuff that is not only good for you because it's as fresh as possible and mostly grown without any chemicals, but its cheap!* An overflowing pint of raspberries that I may or may not have already finished.* Huge, gorgeous leeks* Multicolored bell peppers.  Purple peppers?  Why not!* The biggest, freshest bunch of dill I've seen.  What can I make with dill???* Organic honeycrisp apples that will be quite excellent this week for lunch that were sold by the hottest farmer ever.* A full pound of locally grown green beans.  Crisp.  Delicious.* Head of fuzzy garlic.  I'm told it's a bit sweeter than regular garlic.  We shall see!My head was spinning with excitement at the awesomeness of this Farmers Market.  Its such a treat to have access to such wonderful, healthy food.  I can't wait to go back!!
5	Seriously the greatest thing ever.  Show up early to avoid the crowds.  Get some coffee, take two trips around to take everything in before deciding what to buy.  I love going here - I grew up going with my mother and we always make sure to go as much as possible when I'm in town.
5	This has to be one of the best farmer's markets in the country. What a beautiful setting on the Capitol Square. There are so many different vendors that no matter what your tastes are there has to be at least one stand you will stop at.  Bring your own bags when shopping as many vendors do not have bags and it's good for the environment to reuse!My favorites: Hot and fresh Spicy Cheese Bread, FREE samples of cheese, sweet corn, beef sticks, homemade donuts, apple cider, brats, farm fresh eggs and meat
5	So, for my 100th review, I decided I need to review something extra special. Since I haven't put in my two cents about one of the most awesome things about Madison summer and fall, I decided its time to review the farmers market.Very near and dear to my heart, the farmers market (specifically on Saturdays) is not only a place to see and be seen by friends and the entire community, it is also the perfect way to start out your day. Yes local farmers sell fruits and vegetables, but you can get so much more beyond that:CHEESE, cheese spreads, cheese curds, local honey, maple syrup, pastries, bread, coffee, plants, cut flowers, popcorn, fish, game, sausage, eggs, beeswax candles, specialty garlic, goat cheese and ice cream, jam, springtime flower bulbs, pumpkins and gourds, hot peppers, homespun yarn, Amish-made fruit pies, and the list continues...Set surrounding the state capitol building with street musicians performing, and local kids groups doing random shows, and political booths at every corner, so much happens in the community during this weekly gathering. After you've done the loop, turn off down onto State Street for a walk and continue to experience why Madison is such a unique and wonderful city.
5	Best farmer's market in the world.  Maybe I'm biased because for part of my life I grew up in Madison, but I've been to so many markets from Milwaukee, to Chicago, to San Francisco, to Frankfurt, to Strausburg, etc and I always keep coming back to this one for more.  Of all the things that are truly great about the city of Madison, the Farmer's Market takes the cake.  Going down there on a Saturday during the summer (anytime between say 6am-2pm) and your delighted to a throng of denziens looking to get their fresh food fix.  You'll run across literally just about any food you can think of from cheese, to mexican, to ostrich meat, to healthy greens.  And just about every stand's food is to die for.  The atmosphere couldn't be better.  The Market covers the entire Capital Square, and some of the other activities going on spill into nearby areas like State St.  You can go shop for trinkets, or you can wet your palette with some wine and a tasty cracker spread.  Or if you're not hungry, then simply walk around and enjoy the sunshine and happy-go-lucky feel of a large body of satisfied people.  The Memorial Union isn't too far either, so taking a break to watch the ducks, walk along the water, or hear a band isn't out of the question.The only drawbacks to the Farmers Market are the parking and the crowds.  Sometimes there is just TOO many people there, and it can get a little overwhelming.  I've had times where myself and others had to go take a breather because there was too much bustling.  And if you try to find a street spot, good luck.  I'd suggest a ramp, and even those are full sometimes.  If you come either really early in the morning or really late in the afternoon you're probably ok, but the best time is at its peak (8am-10am).Absolute Madison Classic.
5	I love the farmer's market!  Go early to get the best heirloom tomatoes.  Make sure to stop at the pasta stand to get cayenne pepper and lemon linguine.  The spicy cheese bread is also amazing.
5	Fantastic! A large variety of things to buy and look at. Goes all the way around the capitol.
5	Must do, must see if you are in Madison.  Great people watching and a good place to get fresh produce and bakery!  Go counter-clockwise around the square.
4	a weekend trip from chicago would not be complete without going to the saturday farmers market in madison. (especially since our farmers markets don't open for a few more weeks!).  its crowded, and you have to shuffle around the market in a slow line of hungry local food enthusiasts, but its wonderful there are so many great farmers and producers to support. (i also think that madisonians have a way more affordable farmers market scene than in chicago)  our favorites : the blue cheese from Hooks (blue paradise, its sooo creamy)the bison steaks from Cherokee Bison farmand any of the vendors for crisp fresh greens and asparagus. of course lets not forget the classic spicy cheese bread (which was low on both the spice and cheese this time, but still fresh out of the oven..so i wont really complain) . i didnt see anyone selling eggs or fresh milk, which really would have been amaazing, but maybe later on in the season?
5	Mmm, Farmer's Market. My favorite grabs include:- pumpkin bars - the best I've ever had. I'm going to be mean and not tell you from which stand, because they sell out all the time. Just keep your eyes peeled and try out some places. I'll give you a hint - they're 4 for $6. It used to be 4 for 4, but seriously, I'm totally willing to pay the extra fifty cents per bar because they are magic in my mouth. - honeycrisp apples. Usually hit up a vendor on the south side of the square. They're in season late summer/early fall. The same vendor also has delicious apple cider that always tastes a bit different because they change up their mix of apples used. - antique apples. On the north side of the square, there's a stand that has bushels of hard-to-find and not-really-grown-anymore apples. My faves have been one that tasted like strawberries and one that had white skin. Bring cash, and prepare to walk slowly. Enjoy the sunshine, or the deals that come with the rain. And I'm serious, hunt down those pumpkin bars. Best. Ever.
5	I do not throw around 5 star ratings very often. This place deserves one! Hands down, the BEST farmers market I have ever seen. They seem to have no shortage of vendors either. You have all kinds of choices. They have bakery items, fresh and organic fruits and veggies, pies, cookies, popcorn, bread, cheese, meats and more! I can only hope that one day my local farmers market could have this variety.The people are all friendly from what I've seen. The prices are GREAT. Also, the organic selections are amazing. Remember, if you're ever in a strange city, ask a hippie type person where to get the good food, you'll never go wrong. With the place being in such a diverse city, it should thrive for years.
5	Best Farmers Market in the world!!! Offerings range from soup to nuts, literally. The Hot Spicy Cheese Bread from Stella's Bakery is incredible. I always get an apple fritter from Farm Pride Bakery, out of Gays Mills. In general, all of the vendors are extremely nice and helpful. If you don't know how to use a particular fruit or vegetable, they will take the time to tell you how to best prepare it.
5	So fun!We love to go every Saturday morning and get samples. My favorites are honey sticks, cheese curds, Stella's hot and spicy cheese bread, jams, and of course organic, local fruits and veggies that are in season!  Such a variety and a great way to spend a Saturday morning.
4	At what other event can you get enough free samples to constitute a decent breakfast?The honey available from the different vendors is so sweet and rich, the sugar snap peas are divine, and if you haven't tried and gotten any of the cheeses from the cheese stands--what are you waiting for?The Farmer's Market is a great way to spend a Saturday morning, but there's two small prices you have to pay for it: if you want the best--you have to get up super early and you have to tolerate slow-walking, large crowds. These aren't necessarily the worst things ever, but if you're a person like me who likes to get in and get out, this may not be as enjoyable.
5	When my husband lured me with a crisp apple from the Dane County Farmer's Market after finishing the 2nd Annual Madison Mini-Marathon, I begged to go. With achy feet and legs, I was tempted to the booths, munching on crispy, fresh pickles, squeaky dill cheese curds and sniffing at the bouquets of flowers and garlic.      Fresh baked breads, jams and honey. I couldn't resist the unique trinkets  and bought a few pairs of local-made earrings and a necklace for my mom. I had no problem feeding the post-run munchies with the variety I found here. I am definitely packing the cooler for our next trip.
4	this saturday morning affair puts (unfortunately) any chicago's farmer market to S-H-A-M-E.
4	Great way to kill a Saturday morning.  One of the best events offered in Madison- spicy cheese bread, Amish baked goods, flowers, seems like there's something else?? Oh yeah, veggies!Minus one star for the idgits that do not understand that "no dogs allowed" means not even your little tiny purse puppy belongs at the market.
4	i realize how special the farmer's market is. i know that not every town has one, and that this one in particular is among the best in the country. that being said, i rarely go because i am not an early riser and i hate the crowd. i really truly believe that this is one of the rudest crowds i've ever encountered, and i lived in chicago for 8 years. if madison as a whole would learn some effing manners (i.e. saying excuse me, giving strangers their personal space) i would go much more often. and probably even be excited about it.
5	I have to drive three hours to get to this market, and it's worth it. It far outshines any of the Chicago markets I've been to. It's vast, it's crowded, it's great. Highlights from the most recent visit:Cheese artisans--bought myself an expensive little chunk of Wash Bear goat muenster and peeled delicious little slivers all week. Spicy cheese bread--husband walked up, told the lady, "I've never had one before--pick me out a good one." She hefted a couple, found one with a nice tail of cheese visible on the outside and handed it over with the admonishment that he must start eating it immediately, while it was hot. I hadn't had bread in ages, much less hot, oily, cheesy bread. It was worth the splurge.A kohlrabi as big as my head.A choir of very plainly dressed people singing sternly about how we're all going to die pretty soon and must make good with our makers--I decided it was the worst spot for a vendor to have, a real buzzkill, but one of the easiest for a shopper to make it easily to the counter. Political rallying, mostly for the side I favor.Beautiful mums at a good price.Farm-fresh eggs. Glad I got them in our first pass, because they were gone by our second walk-around.Gorgeous organic golden beets, the most beautiful green onions I've ever bought, and the biggest cauliflower ever.The view. At the feet of the capitol building (which also means convenient restrooms), with glimpses of lake. Easy, reasonably parking in nearby garages.
4	Had my first visit to the Dane County market this past weekend.  Our first stop after a 3 hour early morning drive in from Chicago.    Due to the cold temps and winter weather, the market was being held indoors.  Not quite as big as I expected--but I have faith that the warmer months will bring the bounty.  An absolute delight.  Took home frost kissed sweet spinach, jalapeno preserves, brussels, and two varieties of garlic.
5	I am not a morning person, but when the farmers market is in town...for one day out of the week I am awake before 9am, shopping for fresh food around the capital. It is usually crowded, but it's well worth the hustle and bustle. By now I know exactly where I need to go and what I want, other things I pick up along the way. My two favorites: Driftless Organic Potatoes and Hooks Blue Cheddar cheese! Plus, I usually pick up a few baked goods along the way and other items depending on the season. It's a really fun time and a great experience. It's exceptionally nice in the peak summer months, such a nice way to start the day :)
5	Buying local and supporting my communities farmers and business has never tasted so good!
5	One of the things I have discovered that I miss most about Madison (and, unfortunately, took for granted during my too short time there) is the Dane County Farmer's Market! I loved waking up early, grabbing my bags/back-pack, and taking a nice morning stroll to the capital (which was particularly refreshing on crisp spring and fall mornings), and filling my bags up with fresh bread, ripe vegetables, robust cheeses, "squeaky" cheese curds, bountiful lilies, and a bottle of apple cider...or two ;) I think what surprised me the most about the Farmer's Market was the prices!! A majority of items here are sold at a pretty reasonable price (almost a steal is some cases). Knowing this, it actually makes me wince a little now when people say it is too expensive to eat healthy. Most seasonal items I found to be cheaper than Trader Joe's...which was a nice surprise for a college student living on a tight budget! Don't get me wrong, however, some of the items you may find your self paying a bit more for...namely the exotic cheese/cheese spreads, some of the more lavish baked goods, and a few nonseasonal items. However, if you can't really find them any where else and love them, they are every bit worth the price :) Unfortunately, I am a major pansy when it comes to cold weather and take to hibernating pretty early on in the year. I blame my Mediterranean roots! So, I never quite made it to the indoor market my 4.5 years at Madison, however, I deeply regret this fact and hope others don't make the mistake! So, if you are living in Madison, TAKE ADVANTAGE of this market it is hard finding one this good (and this affordable) outside of Madison, AND, if you are just visiting Madison, check it out! However, please don't blame me if it makes you want to leave your busy city life and move here ;)
5	Most amazing Farmer's Market ever!!!!!!!!By far one of the things that I miss the most about Madison is this. It's truly beautiful, and it happens during the summer when the spring colors are really bright and captivating. The grass, the flowers, the clouds, everything makes for an incredibly picturesque experience. The local farmers come out and set up their tents and lay out their goodies and all of the different colors are probably the brightest I've ever seen.The vegetables, the fruits, the home-made treats-- everything is breathtakingly beautiful, and mouthwatering delicious.
4	yes, the DCFM is great and the farmer's do really well here. Lots of good produce and baked goods.but i have to disagree with those that say it's the best in the country. granted, i'm comparing it to farmer's markets in california and that's not very fair because there are year-round markets there and lots of good agriculture as well. my point is, it's great and i'm for farmer's markets anywhere, but i would not call it the best in the country. i have been to really good ones. one i went to, for example, where most if not all of the stands had multiple samples of their awesome fruit, veggies and baked goods that included east indian fare and other cultural foods.in addition, this market is very expensive and almost too crowded to be fun. it gets bothersome after going for a few weeks and trying to get in and look at the produce while fighting throngs of people with strollers and backpacks.i started to go to the smaller markets in town to avoid those outrageous crowds. the same produce and baked goods without the stress of parking and people.
5	I used to frequent this market on the weekends and I have yet to go to a farmers market that can compete. Meat straight from the cow, honey straight from the honeycomb and cheese straight from the utter . . . what more could you want in life?
4	I do love the farmers market - the spicy cheese bread, meats, cheeses, vegetables, everything is fantastic. The vendors are friendly and helpful, and you can find almost anything you need to make wonderful meals and snacks. Five stars for that. The only reason I'm knocking off a star has nothing to do with the food or the vendors, as much as it does with the speed of foot traffic. Without fail, I always find myself stuck behind a morbidly obese couple tearing off pieces of spicy cheese bread and stuffing it into their mouths, completely oblivious to those stuck behind them that are more interested in checking out what other vendors have, rather than watching this kind of couple eat from their shared feedbag. The other problem are parents with strollers who do roughly about the same speed as the obese couples. Folks, you have to be aware that there are others at the farmers market that perhaps would like to move a little quicker. I know it gets tight at certain spots at certain times and that's completely understandable.  It's when there's a good 25-50 ft. of space in front of tweedle-dee and tweedle-dum that I think to myself that they're hardly moving fast enough to burn the calories from a bite of cheese bread.
5	This is what I miss the most about Madison. It was my weekend ritual while I lived in Madison. I walked here, took a bus here and drove here. I took my sister, my brother, and my mother here when they came to visit. I petted the baby animals, bought the flowers, ate sticky rolls, got squeaky cheese curds, stocked up on fresh fruits and veggies, bought some cookies, listened to live music, browsed some arts, bought unique pairs of of hand-made earing, and tried varieties of cheeses.I love it here.
5	I always try to make it to the Dane County Farmers Market when I'm in Madison. With the abundance of quality produce, cheese, baked goods and people watching, you really can't go wrong. There are tons of samples and new things to try, prices are reasonable and a walk around the capital building is a lovely way to spend a beautiful afternoon. Love love love it here.
5	This is a Madison area Saturday morning must! Yes, the flow of traffic can be difficult to maneuver around, but I'm from California and this was minimal as compared to the Santa Monica and Santa Barbara markets. Heck, Costco on Sunday's is more irritating. But be warned: Mommies, leave your gigantic strollers AT HOME! As for the vendors, there's something for everyone. And no two weeks are the same. Beautiful flowers, wonderful herbs, canned goods, pies, and pastries! Yum!But, if you only buy one thing at the farmers market it has to be the Cheesy Bread. It's huge, but don't let that deceive you. You'll want to buy one for each person as you won't want to share. Cheesy and slightly spicy, it's something all its own.
4	You can always find fresh ingredients to base your weekly menu around at the Farmer's Market.  We like to buy our beef/buffalo from the vendors here as they have excellent prices.It can be quite crowded.  If you'd like a less congested stroll - get there EARLY - 9am or earlier.
5	Before you walk the Farmer's Market you have to pick up a bag of cheese curds. The whole area was wonderful.
4	I'd heard it was an awesome farmers' market, and I was not disappointed. Right now, Madison has a lot of construction, but even so, parking was not too difficult for a bunch of out-of-towners to find. (And compared to Chicago prices, was DIRT cheap.) Lots of cheese, produce and honey/maple syrup.  (I was disappointed in my search for onion relish...guess it isn't a Wisconsin thing...ah well....) Saw at least 4 kinds of mushrooms (sadly, no morels), herbs (dried, fresh cut and for planting) and lots of flowers and plants for sale. All in all, the most fun I've had at a farmers' market, and I LIKE farmers' markets! (Maybe it was the scent of the maple-glazed bacon flavored long john...)I was really pleased about the maple syrup cause I bought two gallons to brew into  this year's summer batch of vegan ackermel (like mead, but with maple ONLY, no honey). Got a decent price and the Krause Family folks were good enough to put it aside till I walked around the fair. Now,  be aware, the market is on the sidewalk around the capitol building and as such, during a hot summer day with lots of crowds, one gets stuck doing the shambling zombie walk. Be sure to stay hydrated and take a break or two from the press of the masses.... The art booths were an unexpected pleasure. Got a lot of Yule shopping done way early!It was fun to hear the assorted street musicians, read the protest signs and look the petitions over. And to top it all off, there was a drive by from the Naked Bike Riders. WHat a day!
4	I love the farmers market!!! I get up early to avoid to go (around 0700) to avoid the many double wide strollers, unleashed children stepping on you and the zombie walk around.  I highly recommend to everyone to go to get fresh produce, honey, spices, herbs, plants, basically anything!!!!
5	Amazing food selection, its big & fresh & cheap.  There's no better place in Madison for fresh vegetables
5	The Farmers' Market is probably my favorite thing about summers in Madison.  It's pretty much our Saturday ritual.  The market goes all the way around the Capital square.  My husband and I like to go around 7 or 8am to avoid the crowds.  Around 10-10:30am it starts to get really crowded and by noon it's just packed.  The walking traffic all goes the same direction, so follow the crowd if you are a first-timer.  If you need a break from the crowd, there is plenty of green space and benches to sit down for a while while you snack on delicious scones, pastries, cheese bread, cheese curds, and whatever else you can find.   My husband and I like to pick up something simple to eat for breakfast while we are shopping, and there is always something different and delicious to try.  The selection of food here is amazing!  Tons of different meats (including grass fed beef), cheeses, fruits, veggies, flowers, plants, honey, maple syrup, homemade breads/tortillas/baked goods, etc.  There are tons of organic options as well that are much cheaper than I have found in the grocery store.Tip:  The parking structure is only $3 when the market is going on...plus it keeps your car out of the sun.  My husband and I always throw a cooler full of ice packs in our trunk, so we can store our farmers market purchases while we wander around and grab lunch somewhere.  There are tons of things to do in the area...check out the view of the lake from the Monona Terrace, go up to the observatory in the Capital, or wander through the shops on State Street.
5	Favorite thing to do on the weekend - not to be missed!
5	I'm tempted to give this 1 star so it's not so crowded there.  That's the only down-side as I feel like cattle being herded.  It's a fun experience that we can take our out-of-town friends/family too.  My parents always seem to want to go everytime they visit.  Cheap cheap high quality food.
5	In spite of the traffic and the hordes and hordes of people, this is a pretty fantastic farmers market.  The one in the town I live in pales quite sadly in comparison.  It seems like there aren't a ton of resellers of stuff that can just be gotten at a wholesaler with a "local" label slapped on, which is a good thing (we have a ton of that going on).  Nice balance of fresh meats, cheeses and eggs to go along with the veggies and fruits.  For about $20, I wound up with a full carrier bag, which was a nice surprise - our markets in Chicago have really jacked up prices for almost everything.  I also had one of the best iced coffees I've had in a long time from a cart on the edge of the market so yay for that.  Quite excellent - I will be glad to brave the traffic and the people for this one!
5	love love love this farmer's market!  it beats any that i've been to in chicago, that's for sure.there's so much affordable produce here it's insane.  it's a shame that nothing would have made it all the way home with me :(.  great cheeses, popcorn, and beautiful flowers, to name a few.  and SO many stands to choose from!  afterwards (or before), explore the capitol building and watch the market from the observation deck.
4	Love it, but a bit crowded & expensive. I like to go early or late to miss the huge crowds. Don't forget to buy cheese curds!
5	such a great selection set amongst an amazing social experience.
5	Need I say more? I will.It's become a tradition to go to Farmer's Market (or FM as my mom likes to text me) every Saturday in the summer. And now with the little baby nephew on board, we have been known to the be "one of those people" - yes, with the strollers - But it's OK, we only did it a few times, now we got the hang of the carrier thing, easier maneuvering around to get some tasty samples of hot cheese off the griddle. Mmm. And nobody's toes get damaged in the process.Seriously, who cannot like farmer's market? It can get very crowded, so I suggest you go early or late to beat the "rush hour" of the market. But geesh, lately it's been busy the entire time, that doesn't stop me. Fresh produce, local goods, and cheap prices. Make sure to bring a bag to stuff all your goodies or you'll wish you did.  A backpack works best. If you're looking to buy something that you don't want to haul around the last 3 blocks (say a beautiful flower basket!), many of the vendors are more than happy to hold it for you and you can drive up on your way out (just don't forget where you bought the it, that would suck).I'd say a full trip around the square can come to around to 1 hour or 1 1/2 hour. Oh, and parking, $1-3? Madison does not play around.
5	This is the go-to place for any fresh groceries you might be craving. Add some free samples, amazing smells and good people, you could do worse for a Saturday morning. The earlier you go, the better the selection, but you'd still be surprised to the amount of things you find at 11am. If you're new to Madison, this is a must see.
5	One of the best farmer's markets in the country. Duh. Seasonal produce a plenty, the most amazing, squeaky lovable cheese curds of every type of flavor, baked goods, honey, spreads, jams, herbs, flowers...the list goes on and on. Oh, and the prices are more than affordable. This is local shopping at its best. If you are EVER in Madison on a Saturday during farmer's market season, you absolutely must take a walk to the Capitol and walk around. It will blow you away. Bring cash, a reusable bag and a smile.
5	I lived one block off the square and every Saturday would wake up and walk to this gem. I didn't need to do much or any grocery shopping while the Farmer's Market was in season. They have pastries, fruits, veggies, local meats, local dairy, crafts and much more. This is the only place I have ever found where I can get a 20 year aged cheddar. (Which was delicious by the way.) It is an excellent way to contribute to the local economy and to struggling local farmers. The station will identify itself as organic if it is and make it quite easy to navigate and find things. Yes, of course there are crowds, but that is a wonderful thing! Look how many people care about local farming! There are many street performers as well, and I always appreciate their entertainment.
5	Without a doubt, Madison's Farmer's Market is one of the city's highlights during the warmer months. This massive display circling the Capitol building is crowded with stalls selling homemade cheeses, freshly baked breads and scones, organic fruits and vegetables, marmalades and so much more. Don't miss out on trying a loaf of the infamous spicy cheesy bread, and be sure to stop by the large cheese tent, where you can sample fried cheese, squeaky cheese curds, and a variety of aged cheeses and flavored spreads. You can easily walk around all morning and fill up on the many samples for a free breakfast or stock up on fresh ingredients to brighten the upcoming week's meals.
5	carries the freshest food. the food carts are incredible.
5	Just go. Really. It's a quintessential Madison experience. My world halts on Saturday morning for this market. There's lots to see and explore, but I (highly) recommend stopping at one of the bakery stalls (Stella's is right near the intersection of State St. and the Capitol Square) and picking up a pastry or loaf of bread to nibble on while you walk :D
3	Anyone else feel like sheep being herded around the capitol?  The farmer's market was beautiful..but not quite what I was expecting. For such a commanding set up, it really doesn't offer much. I was really hoping to supplement the sad sad produce selection at Copps and Target with some fresh vegetables and fruits from the market, but the produce vendors were all basically selling the same things - none of which I was too interested in, unfortunately.  I'm really hoping that DCFM will step up its game in the next few months, because I will DEFINITELY be in need of some fresh berries for my summer recipes. (: See what I did there? Already thinking ahead!Pros:spicy cheese bread - A MUST HAVE, totally worth the waitparking - relatively easy, could probably find a free 2hr street side parking spot a little further away from the capitalatmosphere - love it, reminds me of BerkeleyCons:lacking in the veggie+fruit department, but is most likely due to the season
4	Radish, rhubarb, cheese curd. Radish, rhubard, cheese curd. Radish, rhubarb, cheese curd.I think it was a mixture of my having been to very few farmer' markets + reading all the reviews and likening it to adult Disneyland, that made for my being disappointed in the Dane County Farmer's Market. I guess I should just be happy that it was a nice day even though the weather forecast called for rain. But with that sunshine came droves of slow walking, stroller pushing stop in the midst of a moving crown and gawk while shoving food in your mouth crowds. The scene was lovely and the square held such potential for what businesses and goods I'd find inside, but really, I found a lot of the same ish at 85% of the tables. We did get some cheese curds from a place a Wisco lad said was the absolute best (but I'd had better when a friend brought back the dill curds from another vendor at the very same fair), but other than that, it was really just a fair for plants and people selling radishes and rhubarb. How many things can you make out of radish and rhubarb as the main ingredient? Is this a Wisco thing? Because I don't think we Illini have put much stock in the dietary nourishment of radishes and rhubarb as a main ingredient.I guess after having been to farmers market out in the SoCal area, it's probably hard to compare, but is this one really all that much superior to other farmer's markets? Maybe I went on an off day but I just wasn't as excited as I expected to be. I'll go again, but I'll have more level expectations this time, for sure.
5	Dane County Farmer's Market is definitely the place to be on a Saturday morning. The square was jam-packed with people. Foot traffic only goes one way, so don't try to go against the flow. There are so many vendors selling everything from fresh vegetables to cheese to flowers. Definitely a lot of things to see and taste. Remember to bring a reusable bag!
5	It doesnt get any better than this.  This is by far the best farmers market in the midwest and I venture the country.  The cheese, the beef jerky, the produce, the organic, free range, grass fed everything - simply the best.  The aging hippies, the newbie hippies, its a love in for Scott Walker haters.  But mostly it's about the food and a beautiful stroll around the Capitol grounds.
5	I love love love the Dane County Farmer's Market! I'm going to miss it so much once I go back to London... where the majority of them are pretentious and only sell "specialties." I'll settle for a classically awesome Farmer's Market any day!I love buying my produce directly from the farmers! Knowing that your money goes directly to them is great. There are also stalls selling baked goods, cheese, honey, mushrooms, plants, and even gourds. I've been enough times to know where all my favorite things are! When all my shopping is done, I love to settle down on a picnic blanket, have some lunch, and just people watch. P.S. Go around 12-1 for the best last minute deals! Lots of the pastry places start selling their goods 2-for-1!
5	I've been to a few farmer's markets and nothing compares to this.  There are so many local farmers selling the freshest produce, it's amazing.  We went specifically to get one thing: spicy cheese bread.  He pulled it out of the oven right as we stepped up. We burned our hands a bit, not having any patience with warm, gooey, cheesy bread, and it was totally worth it!  The market goes all the way around the square, and you'll find yourself in "Ikea zombie mode"  following the crowd, seeing vendor after vendor after vendor.We ended up walking out with armfuls of produce, plants and bread.  There are so many vendors, they keep the prices down.  Now we have to come with specific things to get, because we get overwhelmed by so much awesomeness.  If you get overwhelmed by the crowd in the square, you can step off and there are drink and snack stands.  We got bubble tea, which was a delicious way to end our adventure at the Dance County Farmer's Market.
4	Great produce for sure, and lots of it. But even better is the fascinating sociological experience of viewing the spectacle of an endless river of people circling the square counter-clockwise like muslims circling the Kaaba. Why do they do it? Is it for the same reason they seem unable to take down their Recall Walker posters and accept the results of a free democracy? Plus at each corner and entrance to Capitol Square one finds assorted loonies pitching their brand of spiritual and political snake oil. I have to say it is not the best farmers market I have been to: Burlington VT's puts it to shame IMHO with a much more diverse group of cheese, charcuterie, meat/poultry, and dairy products on offer, plus great globe-spanning prepared foods. And Burlington's scene is just as loony left as Madison if that is your political flavor, but there is a tolerance and respect for different opinions and freedom that seems missing in Madison.
5	My favorite outdoor market yet! Beautiful produce, beautiful crafts, and I even loved the slow meandering human traffic that naturally formed around the square. Of course, being there on a day with perfect weather makes everything seem that much more wonderful.
5	My favorite Madison summer tradition. Don't miss the gladiola stand near the Old Fashioned. Watch out for strollers
5	I've been back for a second, third, fourth, and fifth go-around, and the transformation throughout the summer season and into the fall is truly amazing.The entire atmosphere of the farmer's market is completely different during the summer. The selection of produce is much more expansive: fruits, veggies, herbs, meats, cheeses, etc. There is also a wide array of non-edible items for sell as well. BABY GOURDS MAMA GOURDS. GOURDS GALOURD!! (get it? hehe) Summer bouquet for me? Aww shucks, you shouldn't have!I've been much, much more impressed by the array of purchasable items the last few times I have gone. Bravo, DCFM, bravo! I only wish you were here to stay...
5	I am completely, utterly enamored with the Dane County Farmer's Market!I love waking up on Saturday morning, walking the mile to the market with my bags in hand. I always make a quick stop at the UW Credit Union for some cash. Meet up with friends, grab coffee from a stand, share some Stella's spicy cheese bread, snatch up some one of the delicious pastries offered by local bakeries, or sample some squeaky cheese curds.The flowers are always beautiful and inexpensive. Produce prices rival those of grocery stores, and are SO much better (especially the tomatoes). Now that fall has arrived, I can't wait to guy some of the cute little gourds.A couple tips: - Bring CA$H Money!- No dogs allowed =(- Go early (before 9am) to avoid the super crowds.- Go with a plan on what to purchase. I always get excited and purchase too much produce, and some always ends up going bad before I consume it =(
5	Cheap, local and fresh. How good can it get?The farmer's market in downtown offers a wide variety of vegetables, including many Asian subsets, which I honestly wasn't expecting. It's also a great reason to wake up early on a Saturday morning and walk around the capitol building. Just don't go too late during home games, or else it'll be completely packed.
5	Probably the best Farmer's Market I have ever been to.  Make an effort to go every Saturday to get my fresh produce and flowers.  The food is all really reasonably priced.  The fruit is always so fresh and delicious.  The wild flower bouquets are always beautiful and so cheap!  I will always support the local farmers here in Madison, WI!
5	This is a great place to spend a Saturday morning with the family or with some friends. I have been here countless times and it amazes me how many years the same tents will set up. If it wasn't for the Farmer's Market I would not have discovered my love of chocolate covered croissants. Go around once at least.
5	This is the best farmer's market I've been to in any city in any state. Go with time to spare, because it takes time to round the capital, and after getting a sense of the prices/what you want, you might double back. People generally walk in one direction, so when it gets crowded, don't plan on walking back to a stand. They won't make it easy for you.The market moves indoors in November and loses about half of its vendors.Bring cash. Don't worry, this is also the cheapest farmer's market you'll ever go to. 5 tomatoes for $1. A bunch of arugula for 50 cents. Pie pumpkin for $1. The stands are constantly changing. Go early if you hate crowds. Go late if you want a deal - things like buy one get one free pastries and half-price veggies will be up for grabs. Not much fruit, and limited amounts of meat, but all the vegetables you could ever want.
5	Incredible, especially in the summertime. I always feel like I can get better quality produce here cheaper than in the store. The vendors are usually very nice and helpful, and there is always something interesting to try.  Bring cash - they don't take credit cards.If you haven't been to many farmers markets before, this is not one where you can buy a lot of ready-to-eat food - it is mostly produce and flowers. However, if you want a delicious pie, I recommend the Amish tent.
5	This is probably the best farmer's market I've been to. It's open every Saturday from early morning till around 2 pm-ish. When it gets cold in November, the farmer's market is moved indoors. You can find almost anything here and everything is cheap. I frequented Dane County Farmer's Market quite often to get fruit and vegetables. Occasionally, I would treat the fiancee to a nice batch of flowers. My favorite edibles are the kettle corn stop, honey sticks, meat sticks, and best of all Stella's bakery for the spicy cheese bread. When friends from out of town come to visit, I always bring them to the farmer's market and they genuinely have a good time here. You can also tour the capital building if you get bored enough.
5	We made not one, not two, but THREE trips 'round the farmers' market on the square while deciding what we'd need to cook dinner over our campfire (plus breakfast in the morning). Best camp-cooked meal ever, complete with New Glarus brews.Aside from that, I couldn't resist a rhubarb turnover from one of the vendors. Been craving another ever since.
4	This is a very, very nice farmer's market and I have been to farmer's markets all over this country.  It cannot be beat in the summertime, when it is set up on the Square, encircling the Capitol Building with tents and carts every Saturday morning.  In the wintertime, like most things Madison, it loses some of its luster when it goes inside.  Although Monona Terrace is an interesting building with a neat history, the Farmer's Market is thrust into a conference room.  Still a nice variety of local produce, homemade products, breads and of course CHEESE GALORE, but the feeling of being stuffed in a cramped, windowless room makes it less of a fun outing.
5	I love, love, LOVE the farmer's market!! For four years being in Madison as an undergraduate, going to the farmer's market on a Saturday morning was one of my favorite things to do. They have everything from fresh produce, flowers, to desserts. You can sample a lot of the food, such as grilled cheese, which is so delicious!! My favorite edibles are the kettle corn, honey sticks, grilled cheese, and yes, the spicy cheese bread from Stella's bakery! I've also gotten bunches of flowers for our dorm room. Every time at the farmer's market was always a good time. If you're looking for a nice, fun, relaxing Saturday, strolling along at the farmer's market will definitely give the day a great start!
5	As Spring/Summer approaches I can't help but to think about a Saturday morning Madison tradition, waking up and going to the farmer's market on the square.Put on your walking shoes people! bring a backpack or reusable bag, and get ready to scope out the fantastic arsenal of goodies, fruits, veggies, breads, cheeses, meats, and honey that the market offers.Keep in mind what you are looking for and that you don't have to stop at the first booth you see. I seem to have this problem when I go. I'm looking for some nice cucumbers, stop at the first booth I see them and buy...they look ok, and then see another booth on the walk around with better looking ones! I'll never learn to walk around more than once. I'm so silly sometimes.So the good point I am making is that you may know what you want to purchase, but there is no reason to jump at the 1st sign of it (there will be another booth that will have most things).Wake up early and take a beverage with you! Be prepared for crowds, slow walking old people, little kids, ect.! This place is popular! Cash only.Yes, yes, yes...we all know Stella's has great spicy cheese bread. Be prepared to empty your wallet on it.It's a fun Saturday morning for all! I highly suggest this for anyone looking for fresh produce, or just looking for something to do to get out of the house!
3	Don't get me wrong, this is the most amazing farmer's market I've ever been to. it's huge, everything is seasonal and grown by the people selling it, the food is amazing. That being said, I can't stand the place and rarely go anymore.DCFM has become a victim of its own popularity. Every year it just gets more crowded, to the point that now you feel like you're sharing it with the entire population of Madison, or at least the crunchy half. All shuffling oh-so-slowly counterclockwise around the square, stopping to gawk at the pretty vegetables, seeing friends and having spontaneous ten-minute conversations right in the middle of the flow of traffic. It's supremely frustrating, and an errand which should have taken a few minutes max turns into an hour-long ordeal.I guess it depends whether you're there for the "experience" or just there to buy some cheddar and get on with your day. I'm one of the latter, and I admit I'm resentful that people who are there for the entertainment value are hampering my efficiency. Particularly since a lot of them don't seem to be buying anything.I used to be a regular here, but these days I only go when there's something specific I need that I can't find anywhere else. And I arrive about 7 a.m., when the parking meters are still free and the tourists haven't arrived yet. Otherwise, I get my fresh local veggies at one of the many other excellent (smaller) farmer's markets in town.
5	Great selection of excellent products with a fun atmosphere. It gets crowded, but it's worth it. Make sure you have cash available and do NOT walk against traffic!
2	I want to love it.  I just can't.  I know, I know, I am practically committing a sin.If you are new to the city, figuring out parking is horrendous.  Please place signs on the parking garages which state which is cash, card or change.  It is difficult to have a good time when you are worried about parking.  I love the theme weeks, Cows on the Square is my favorite.  When they have music stages, I tend to stay away.  It is too loud and ruins the feel of the day.  What do I dislike?  The strollers.  I have been clipped on my heels more time than I can count.  I get it, kids are heavy.  However, if you have to bring them, please be courteous.  Try to take a small stroller, strap them to your chest or perhaps watch out for those in front of you.  It is a very crowded walking space and strollers are hazardous.  The market has done nothing about them and I know many people are having this issue. I tend to stay away on the more kid friendly themed weekends.  It is a shame, because the square is very unattractive while the students are in.  Now the summer is being ruined by future Badgers.  I know my review is not really about the market, but I can not enjoy it when the ambiance is terrible.
5	This is by far one of the best Farmer's Market's I have been to. I love seeing the square packed full of fresh produce, flowers, plants, breads, baked goods, etc. Vendors are friendly. People watching is fun, too. Stella's spicy cheese bread-FABULOUS!!
5	The Farmer's Market is so much fun! There's a lot of energy everywhere on a Saturday morning, live music all around the square, cheese samples (yum!), jewelry, flowers, and fresh vegetables. I bought a pound of asparagus for $3 to cook for dinner, and it was so fresh and crisp. I checked the Fresh Madison Market -- $4.99/lb, and their asparagus didn't look as fresh. I'm definitely going to be hitting up the farmer's market every weekend to do my grocery shopping and to just have fun!
3	This has become more of a tourist destination than a farmers market.  The prices of fruits and vegetables aren't great. There are more stalls selling other baked goods, honey, or no food at all than there are farmer stands.  And it's crowded.  It's fun to go to as a visitor, but not a great way to get farm direct local food.
5	What a treat to come across this giant party around the Capitol.  Tons of stuff to buy and eat.  A must if you are ever in The area
5	I have heard many things positive reviews from the Dane County Farmer's Market and all of these reviews have been completely correct. It was a wonderful day!!! A lot of the vendors there had samples of their products. I am a chef and the availability of seasonal products was amazing! I wish I lived in Madison as opposed to Chicago I would be here every saturday to take advantage of the great seasonal produce meat and cheeses!
5	Some sage advice: Go early. Like...7am early.For me, it doesn't matter if I drank an entire keg the night before--you can bet that I'll happily drag my groggy, hungover ass out of bed at 6:45am so I can get to the Farmers' Market by 7. Otherwise, you get stuck in the nonstop shuffle of zombies, moving at a snails' pace. Oh, and when it's crowded, you can't talk to the farmers! Trust me, it's the best part.So, my routine: one lap to scope out what's in season and to compare prices (yes, I am a Jew...literally). Lap two to purchase everything I want. Lap 3 for cleanup--anything I missed! It takes about an hour, but again--totally worth it.Why is it so spectacular? Everything is locally grown and very, very fresh. The produce are phenomenal (as I nom on a tomato I bought this morning). Cheese is wonderful--especially Hook's! The meat is also great! I mean...really, can you do much better?The farmers' market is a foodie's dream, and is definitely one of the things I'll miss when I leave Madison! Now, if I only I could convince people to stay away from the spicy cheese bread (really, it's just not very good)...
5	Been to the Dane County Farmer's Market more times than I can count over the years. What an awesome event every Saturday. Atmosphere is wonderful. The market extends around all 4 sides of the Capitol. Highlights of the market are the wonderful fresh food, trying all the awesome cheese samples (curds, fried cheese, aged cheese, etc.). Doesn't get much better than the fried cheese. Great pastries/bakery items too - hot and spicy cheese break, donuts, muffins, scones, etc. I've also bought vegetable plants from the market and they've seemed to turn out better than ones you buy from home depot or somewhere like that.Truly an awesome place. Lots of people though and if you get there after 10 it is pretty crazy busy. More like a crawl around the Capitol.
5	We love farmers markets and this one is really impressive! Made the mistake of sleeping in and got there late at 10ish. Wish we would have been there early to avoid the obsessive crowds. :) Very cool farmers market with lots of amazing food, especially fresh veggies and baked goods. Had the most amazing glazed blueberry scone!  Great location with lots do all around.
5	Everything said by everyone else who gives a 5-star rating is true. Coming from Chicago, where most farmer's markets are a mere handful of stands, this market blew my mind. My wife and I have actually considered day trips just for the market and lunch at The Old Fashioned.
5	This is a fantastic farmers market and is the best one I've ever seen.  Not only do they have an extensive array of local (all Wisconsin made) products, the variety is impressive.  Depending on the season they have vegetables of all varieties, baked goods, flowers, plants, herbs, pasta, jams, jellies, vinagrettes, popcorn, meats, fish, cheesecakes, and of course Cheese! It is about .8 miles long as it surrounds the capital on all four sides.   If you are in town on a Saturday from April - November it is a must. I suggest starting early as it gets crowded later in the morning. On colder days, take your coffee and donut up to the capital to eat and people watch.  It's free and absolutely gorgeous inside (and has bathrooms if needed).I almost forgot - you need to walk counter clockwise around the square or you will be walking against the flow.  If you need to get across the square walk up and through the capital (or around the sidewalk up there).
4	This kind of market is always a sweet reminder of how a market is in Indonesia, my hometown but of course this place is so much cleaner :)It's always good to see and get the fresh veggies, chillies, spices and pretty flowers directly from the farmers. I always love buying from an individual who has committed her/his time to grow something. Very local. Also, you can always find the best Stella bread here, or some good cheese! Always a remarkable Saturday morning experience.
5	You think you've been to a farmers market, and then you stop by the DCFM and realize that you haven't been to THE farmers market. Every time I have been in the Madison area I made it a point to visit. Now that I live here I think I will forever be spoiled.The market runs year round and the vendors seem to be always changing. You can find fresh flowers, fresh cheese (cheese curds!), honey, pickled goods, baked goods, and of course fresh fruits and vegetables. Slightly off of the square they have the arts and crafty booths. We typically go early. Around 9-9:30am the crowd really starts to pick up. I'd definitely recommend getting there early; you can stop and talk to the vendors. Most of them are passionate about what they are selling. Pick up some baked goods while you're there and eat while you browse. There's ample samples, too. Everyone stops for Stella's cheesy bread, if you've never had it it might be worth the 8 bucks to see what all the hype is about. Bring a decent sized bag with you to hold all of your goodies; lots of smaller bills for paying; remember to walk to clockwise, it won't be difficult to do since everyone else is doing it; do some quick research when it comes to parking, and if you opt for a meter be sure to check your watch as time goes fast. We usually like to walk around first and see what we'd like. There's nothing wrong with comparing prices, as sometimes they do vary.
5	There is nothing more to add onto the great reviews of the largest producer only outdoor market in the country.  It is amazing and a Saturday ritual for me since I have been back in Madison for the past 10 years.  Here are some tips for newbies:1)  Walk counter-clockwise with the other 99.8% of the people that have a clue.2)  Try to get there before 9 am.  After that, it becomes a cattle call.3)  Unless you have a gaggle of kids, leave the wagon at home.  Yes, it is kinda cute but super awkward to get around. 4)  Gawking is ok but if you are doing so, try to keep it at a minimum.  Doing so only backs up your fellow shoppers.  And let's face it, we have all seen tomatoes, zucchini. and basil before.5)  Try not to smoke while walking.  Remember where you are and the people around you.  The person behind you probably has dreadlocks and walking barefoot and will mean mug the shit outta you for doing so.
5	Wow! Other markets take note, this one is doing it right!  I was impressed by the amount of produce and vendors!  The mix between produce vendors and specialty vendors was appreciated too.  I really dislike when the market is made up of 90% people selling baked goods.  I did end up buying some special popcorn that I am pretty thrilled about.The market is setup on the block around the capital and the sidewalk was fairly busy with market goers.  I spotted many people using their reusable shopping bags which made my hippie self very happy.
5	Going to the farmer's market on Saturday is pretty much turning into a ritual for me. It is such a fun way to start the weekend. The produce is great, I bought some cherry tomatoes one weekend and I never want to buy them from the store again. I did not realize how good fresh tomatoes can taste. It takes a lot of restraint to not buy Stella's cheesy bread but if you have people visiting do buy your guests some! I also have seen an emu meat vendor. Can't say I've tried that yet. Herbs are great to purchase here they are usually a $1 for a handful. Great deal.Parking- I usually park in one of the garages around the square, the farmer's market really only takes about an hour to do a lap so you won't be paying more than a buck or two for parking. Or you can always park a little further maybe 4 blocks away if you are willing to walk and then parking is free.Walk in the SAME direction everyone else is walking. It will make your life easier.
3	Crazy!! Really crowded. The herd of people go around the capital in one direction, which makes sense but the experience is just too nutty. People squished in like sardines all  trying to get up to the booths. When a couple of people stop, traffic jam. Some people probably like this but not for me.
5	It's just as good as all of the reviews you've read.It really is.   It lives up to the hype from in towners and out of towers.Seasonal, Wisconsin local products, beautifully arranged and sold directly to you.I like to go early before the masses to actually be able to touch, feel and smell the produce.  Talk to the farmers, bakers, and growers of these plants, veggies, breads and oh so much more.Sample goat's cheese, heirloom tomatoes, purchase walnuts, bison meat sticks, beautifully decorated cookies, hand crafted breads, its all there for the taking.Want to see what Wisconsin has to offer?  Come here to see the bounty.Winter indoor market is fun too but a whole different bird.  My first lover was the summer market, so while winter market will do, I can't forget my first kiss.
5	The Quintessential Madison ExperienceI've lived in Madison for over 30 years now and I have to say that the Dane County Farmers Market in late summer / early fall is my absolute fave Madison experience.  Armed with a couple of totes, a cup of coffee and a pastry (or two) from Batch Bakehouse, my daughter and I always seem to hit the market when the crowds hit their peak and we love every minute of our slow stroll around the Capitol Square.  We talk about the past week, I share fatherly insights on how to shop for produce and we jointly plan our weekly menu on the spot as we see what's in season that week.  I can't think of a better way to bond with my daughter and kick off the weekend.While everyone has their personal favorite aspects of the market, here are a couple of mine:* Every trip to the market starts with a Farmer John's curd run.  Best curds in the land, bar none.* Even though I have absolutely no room in my garden for new plants, I always end up browsing through the perennials at the Flower Factory.  And I appreciate that the staff is always willing to answer any questions I have about the plague or pestilence threatening to do in my garden beds.* Try as I may, I am physically unable to make my journey around the square without sampling the fine cheeses from Hook's.   Anything dish I cook with cheese always tastes better when I use their products.* The Green Barn Farm stand located at the corner of Mifflin and Wisconsin Ave is where I start picking up my produce.  I'm partial to them since I grew up not far from where they operate and their prices are always competitive.I'm swimming against the flow here, but the Spicy Cheese bread from Stella's is vastly overrated.  Do yourself a favor, and instead of blowing $8 on an undercooked loaf of bread with a couple nuggets of melted cheese, buy some aged cheddar from Hook's or some chevre from Capri and pair it with a baguette from Batch or Madison Sourdough.   Unlike the dough blob from Stella's that hardens into an inedible brick after 30 minutes, you'll be able to enjoy this treat all afternoon.  Trust me, do this once and you'll never go back.After wrapping up a lap or two around the square, there are a variety of activities you can do: maybe brunch at Marigold or Graze, a bike ride around Lake Monona, a leisurely stroll down State Street or maybe a tour through the Capitol to soak in the Madison experience.  It's all good...
5	Whenever I talk about Madison to someone out of town, they always say "I hear there is a great Farmer's Market"Right they are.  There are few like it.Take the entire Capital square, and line it with local vendors.  It's quite the experience.Here's what to expect:  Fresh produce, meats, breads, cheeses, flowers, and more all produced within a short drive of Madison.  You'll also get samples of many of those items.  You are going to pay a lot more for stuff than what you'd pay the grocery store, but the point here is not to save money.  It's to contribute to sustainable farm-to-fork production.  You're typically getting organic, free range, well-cared for food.   You'll find many items far tastier than what you'd find at the store as well.Pro tip:  Get there before 9AM or else you'll face massive crowds.  Also, leave the dogs at home, as they are not allowed.
5	check out my pics, it was a blast! lots of vendors, yummy baked goods too for those who don't really cook (like me!)  My parents had a blast too and I got some fresh cat nip.  Will go back for the fresh sage.
5	What is not to love about the Madison Famers Market? Well, maybe large crowds, but, don't worry, it's worth it. I suggest paying to park, I find the day much more enjoyable when I don't have to walk two miles before I even get to the square. Any of the structures are cheap on Saturdays. $5 for the day. To start your day right hold off on coffee and breakfast until you get there. There are plenty of coffee venders and breakfast pastry offerings all around the market. There is a flow to the square. Follow the flow, especially if you have a stroller. If you have a stroller, which I always do, I actually recommend that you push on the grass alongside the crowd. I then just pop over to purchase what it is I am looking for. Me and all other shoppers are happier that way! Speaking of kids, if you have them, look for the "balloon guy" on the corner of State St. I have a love hate relationship with him. I love how Happy HJ is when she gets a balloon ballerina, but I rue the day of his birth when it inevitably pops and leaves me with a screaming child. But really, you should go see him, he's good. Don't pass up the spicy hot cheese bread either. I've eaten a whole loaf in one sitting, no lie.
5	This farmer's market puts all other farmer's markets to shame. Besides taking place on the grounds of the beautiful Wisconsin State Capitol Building, it has a HUGE selection of anything grown or made. Numerous fresh veggie, cheese, baked goods, and local honey stands. You can even buy high quality, locally sourced cured meats and fresh meats. Speaking of cheese, you can find some of the freshest and tastiest squeaky cheese curds courtesy of Farmer John. And many of these items are very affordable, especially veggies that are at the end of their season.Whereas other farmer's markets might have one or two of a stand that sells a particular product, this one can have a half dozen or more just selling pumpkins or baked goods or whatever your heart desires. If I lived nearby, I'd be here every Saturday that I could be.
5	By far the best (tied for best) farmer's market I've ever been to. The sheer volume of cheese, vendors, cheese, veggies, cheese, people, and cheese is almost staggering. Strap yourself in for a go on the merry-go-round because it's damn hard to get off that ride once you start. The free samples are amazing!
5	There's a very good reason that the Dane County Farmers' Market routinely appears on many top ten lists of best markets in the country--it's tops in every category.The market takes place on the square surrounding the state Capitol; the setting so picturesque and the vendors so plentiful, that it's in a class by itself.So much bountiful produce that it's staggering; so many varieties of baked goods that it's mind-blowing; and tons of other odds and ends (spices, maple syrup, jams/jellies) to tantalize and delight you.You'll find all walks of life at the market. Everyone from hippies to grandmas to college students. It's a true sea of humanity.This market boasts the best of everything. The vendors here supply the top restaurants in Madison and the Midwest. Totally worth getting up at the crack of dawn (even while on vacation) to check this out.
5	saving half the pumpkin scone from Stella's Bakery for tomorrow is one of the hardest things I've ever tried to do
5	A great selection and a great place to visit to buy food. It's expansive and includes a good selection of goods. Now, I will concede that it can get rather crowded and some people treat it more like a tourist attraction to visit before taking out of town guests out to eat, but still, it's well worth your time to visit.
5	The best thing about Madison Summers. One of the best farmer's markets out there. You won't be disappointed, but you will get tired arms from carrying all your finds. A beautiful setting around the Capitol Building, and a great mix of farmers, craftsmen, florists, bakers, and other assorted local goody-ists.  And don't forget the entertainment, with any number of corner musicians serenading the area. Just get there early, or the crowds get out of control.  Especially on nice days or when there's a home football game. And there is always that one family who decides they HAVE to push against the thick traffic flow and go clockwise against the crowd and run over your foot with their 3-kid stroller and smash their hips into your bag of tomatoes. Be advised- don't be those jerks. Walk with the crowd like a local.
4	I cannot believe I have not reviewed this market- have been here at least 4 times during my visits and each time I found amazing foods!Fall season is possibly my favorite because of the good variety of vendors..This last time was in late October- emu jerky and wool for knitting caught my eye, so I returned to LA with unique items to share.Gourds, cheese, pumpkins, cakes, causes to which to donate, uniquely costumed people, apples, candies, and flowers are captivating. We may have year round farmers' markets in California however the beauty of Madison and this unique location at the Capitol is a winner!Now to get Mr. Walker out of the atmosphere and all will be perfect!!
5	Summer. Fresh.Local.Stella's Hot and Spicy Cheese Bread. Madison, WI is the best.
2	Let me spell it out for you.C. L. U. S. T. E. R. F. U. C. K.How anyone could honestly shop here astounds me.I literally felt like cattle being pushed through a small walkway.Pro's.-Astounding selection-Great people watching.That's about it.Con's.-How does anyone move?! Don't even dare try to go back from the direction you came as you will be walking into a literal wall of people.-You can't comparative shop as you can barely get to the vendors, let alone find them once again after you've passed them.-Rude yuppies.-Rude yuppies with strollers.-Rude yuppies with strollers and 1200 reusable trader joe bags that hit you as you try to pass them.I get that there is some wonderful product here, but the set up and sheer massive quanity of people that show up really created an un enjoyable experience for me.
5	Yes, it's crowded! Yes, strollers mangle the back of your legs. Get a grip, it's a popular place and a happening. Earlier is better than latter from a crowd perspective.Very wide selection, freshness and prices are marvelous. Best, sweetest strawberries I've ever had courtesy of a Hmung farmer. Even if you buy nothing, it's worth the experience. I wish we had something like this in the Chicago area.I try to first lap the place around the outside, noting who has what, where they are, prices, etc. It isn't convenient, but it works quickly, semi-free from the crowds.You WILL like it!
5	i don't know what to say after this great reviews, actually i was happy to join this place & i find this great experience, during my visit I found amazing and great food types.so many varieties of baked goods that it's mind-blowing; and tons of other odds and ends (spices, maple syrup, jams/jellies) to tantalize and delight you.Thanks & Best Regards To this Market Teamwork
5	Here's my pro tip... get there at 8:00am, walk it once with a pad of paper and a pen, assign each booth a number on your pad, then jot down the number of the booth you want to hit up and why when you make one more loop after taking it all in. ex.123 oyster mush $6, onions $1.50/lb45 asparagus $567 oyster mush $4.50...If you start on the same corner each week you can start to develop a routine, and when you do, make sure Square Wine is what you end with. Your produce wants you to pick up a delicious red or white after the market, and if you're there late enough, there will be a tasting going on that you can use to reward yourself for all that hard work!
5	ABSOLUTELY LOVE the Madison Farmer's Market!You cannot leave without trying Stella's Spicy Cheese bread. I may not be the person to ask about produce considering I typical go there to by dairy, meat, bakery products. A recent find we had this past weekend was Carmel Corn Gelato!  It is a fun place to wonder around and have breakfast. If you want to get in and get out without a lot of people it is best to go in the morning if you have kids, strollers, walkers go after 9 am when the pace is more a leisurely walk and you aren't getting in the way of the people who want to get what they need and leave. Enjoy!
5	I wrote a stellar review for you once before. You are super awesome, however, some of your vendors need to read this:GET A CARD READER if you don't have one!  SEVEN YEAR OLD GIRLS USE CARD READERS on cell phones. (I wish I could underline, bold, and 72 font that last sentence!) What am I talking about? The first year Girl Scouts signed up for Intuit card readers in 2011 their sales and revenue (over the cost of the readers) increased by over 25%! If I have my card on me I drop money I certainly do not intend to spend quite often at the market.  ;) If I have cash, once the cash is gone--zat ese eet. I go home if I cannot spend.Bring on the warmer weather and your fresh fruits and veggies. I think we are all more than ready!
2	I guess I didn't realize that the produce wouldn't be there yet,  which is my main reason for going to a farmers market.  Way too many flower stands and a few places to eat.  Not really what I was looking for but I'll try again in a few weeks to see if the veggies show up.
5	The Dane County Farmer's Market is in my "1,000 Places to See in the U.S.A. & Canada Before You Die" book. It is 100% worth checking out!  The DCRM  allows only Wisconsin agriculturally related items. So not a lot of mangos but lots of good Cheese and other things you would expect from Wisconsin.  TIPS: I would bring cash (though some venders take cards),  ALSO walk counter clockwise around the square!  (don't be that guy...  don't do it)  & some times of year it can be wall to wall people so just keep that in mind.
4	I'm a fan of absolutely everything about this market, except the crowds.Love the location.  Madison is a beautiful city and the Capitol Square is a great backdrop for the amazing vendors and their wares.  The event is extremely organized and I like how the foot traffic flows in the same direction.  The market website is an excellent source of information and I love that I could elect to receive a newsletter each week with updates on the seasonal information and steady favorites.The fringe vendors and food carts and flea market type tables across all four streets on the square add to the charm and vibe and value of the day.  And the breakfast and brunch dining options all within walking distance, and some with a great view of the market, are plentiful.The vendors are wonderful people that love to tell you as much as you'd like to know about their goods.  Today I learned the best conditions for growing and foraging ramps, how allusive they can be, how they seed themselves and how short the season is.  Great lesson.   Another important thing many vendors will share is best times to shop.   When I arrived at 8:15am the market was in full swing and the crowd was shoulder to shoulder.  I now know why the market opens at 7am - the first hour is the best hour to shop.  Veteran market goers shared that the 12:30-2pm slot usually presents a thinner crowd, but also less selection.  So pick your poison, early to rise, or claustrophobia inducing crowds. And  bring a big basket or bag because you'll find so many things, even some you didn't know you need.
1	Had my little dog in my cart for the farmers market. Not bothering anyone until we came under the lens of officer do right, and we were told to leave a public side walk. Farmers market not a pet friendly place.
5	One of the best Farmer's Markets in the country! Make sure to get spicy cheese bread from Stella's and get there before 10am if you can!
5	absolutely wonderful --- it's huge -- there's all kinds of awesome foods for sampling and purchase... I left with about 10 lbs of various cheeses -- all the samples from all the vendors were awesome -- it wore me down walking the entire market...will absolutely visit again
5	Awesomeness.    All local farmers come here to sell.  What a great place to get such variety and freshness.  You can get anything from plants to food.   Fresh cheese, bread, and other homemade items.
5	Tip Number 1 - Go with the flow. For visitors the salmon flow counterclockwise around the capital.Tip Number 2 - You'll need cash. Look for a UW  Credit Union ATM. They are free, no charge machines.Besides that have fun. The spicy cheese bread is very popular. We also love the hedgerow jam, spicy pickles, cheese curds and bakery.Everything closes down at 1pm, but some vendors will run out of things and close down closer to noon. So get there early.
5	Impressive, we walked all the way around the capital in search of vegan donuts for my sister, we didn't find them, but did find lots of other really good treats.  Loved the cherry pastries with frosting.  Cow petting is good for kids, just seems so silly to have to go right to the steps of the state capital in order to see cows that live all across the state.Beware, officially the closing time is 2, but by 2 almost everything is broken down.  I wonder if it would be draconian to insist that everyone go in only one direction.
5	I love farmer's markets in general, but Dane County Farmer's Market has taken it to another level. Imagine how beautiful the square is surrounding the State Capitol. Then add a bunch of tents with awesome goods all around it, and you've got a recipe for success. We started our trip to the Farmer's Market with a spicy cheesy bread from Stella's so that we could nibble on it as we walked around the square. That plus all the samples of cheese becomes a pretty satisfying brunch for the day. To make sure had some veggies in us, we bought some sweet snap peas to snack on as we walked. Highlights- Stella's hot cheesy bread: a massive sweet challah bread with red chilli pepper flakes on the top and warm soft cheese in the middle. Get them while they're hot if you can! - Cheese samples galore! - Fresh produce: lots of tomatoes, onions, lettuce, etc- The Herb market has shelves of various types of basil, rosemary, thyme, dill, etc- Fresh kettle corn made in front of your eyes- Small desert plants for your office (requires very little care)- Beautiful flower arrangements from local florists- A Gluten free bakery called Silly Yak Bakery (Celiac disease)- The cute boutique booths across from the square. Especially Spoon Rings!! (make finger rings out of antique spoons)- Watching people do yoga in the grass- Being able to go visit the inside and top of the CapitolHoursSaturdays Jan thru Mid-April: 8am-noonSaturdays Mid-April thru Nov: 6am-2pmWednesdays Mid-April thru Nov: 8:30am-2pmSaturdays Nov thru Mid December: 7:30am-noonTip: Move in a counterclockwise direction to go with the flow
3	3.5 reallyI'm pro farmer's market in general, it's just my policyChecked out the Dane County Farmer's Market yesterday.  Gorgeous, sunny day.  Perfect for a walk around the Capitol.  In the years since I've been gone I was happy to see they've gotten a lot more food trucks around the peripheryI was in search of fruit and there were literally only two places that sold any fruit at all--and each only had one fruit (cherries and blueberries respectively)  The cherries were fine but 5$ for a small bagI liked all the cheese samples.  I could use more variety in what stands are selling--not all cheese and green beans please.Great live music around the periphery.  Um spicy garlic cheese bread? Wow.  I wasn't really living until I tried that.
5	I love this farmers market. It is so big and the selection of produce, bread, seasoning, honey etc is extraordinary.  I had to walk around 2 times before I decided on several items. This farmers market is reasonable and great quality. I purchased bread, honey, zucchini, squash, and seasoning.  I could barely fit everything in my suitcase. If I had a complaint about the market it would be it's only on Saturday. I would love for it to be open on Sunday.  I know that I am greedy though.  This farmers market has more veggies then fruit so that would be something to keep in mind. Or at least when I went there.
5	I've been going to the Dane County Farmer's Market regularly since I moved to Madison over 15 years ago, and it's never disappointed me.If you want prime pickins', you need to get there early (7am or earlier), but even those who like to sleep in a little should have no problem finding all sorts of tasty seasonal things to eat all summer long.I challenge myself and find something I don't eat regularly to try out at least a few times a summer.Raw fruits and veggies are the norm, but there are also a number of meat vendors, many with baked goods and preserves, dried seasonings, and a couple honey vendors as well. At the top of State Street, there are also a number of art and craft vendors with beautiful, handmade wares for you to purchase (I was one of them for six years!) - from jewelry and glasswork to handmade soaps and clothing.The crowds can get a bit crazy, especially during peak hours, so don't plan on trying to push a stroller or large cart through the main thoroughfare (your fellow shoppers will thank you, and your frustration level will drop exponentially.) The market officially closes at 2pm, but don't plan on going late -- most farmers are sold out of their goods and packing up by a bit after 1pm, depending on weather and crowds.
4	Definitely go if you love crowds of slow moving meandering people, wagons, giant behemoth strollers. If you don't, then still go, but go EARLY. The one and only reason I go there is Cherokee Bison meats. Everything else I can get elsewhere, without the frustration, paying for parking, getting up at the crack of dawn, and endless slow walking. It's definitely one of the Madison things you should do at least once. Great selection, no complaints there...it's just too crowded for me.
4	I have heard so much about the Madison Farmer's market.  I am taking one star away because I have visited the Farmer's Market in Minneapolis, which has a little more variety and better traffic for walking.   That said, we did enjoy the market and intend to go back.  The flowers were probably one of my favorites; good pricing for some tall and bright flowers.  Aside from tons of organic veggies, fruit, honey, and meat, they had other interesting foods there.  We crossed the street to take advantage of some of the food carts selling good ethnic food.  I wish they had more carts like this, to compliment the farmer's market.  It doesn't have to be all food trucks, but a little more arts, perfumes... and other things would improve it even further.  Food trucks:  Vietnamese Tacos:  So good!   Gyro Food Truck:  shawarma gyro was so amazing.  Steinke's popcorn:  many different flavors.  It was interesting trying Peanut Butter and Jelly Popcorn.  Just for fun.  Potter's Crackers:  A little overpriced, but we bought it anyway b/c it was so good.  We bought the Rye crackers (with some other flavor blended in).  Super good and it would make a good gift for someone (hostess gift...).The only disappointment I had was the Stellas Spicy Cheese Bread.  I thought it was going to be great, given all the reviews here.  We paid $9 for this, thinking it was going to be awesome.  The bread was huge, so I thought it would be something with leftovers between two people.   I was not impressed.  It tasted good, but was way overpriced.  It was a huge bread and I thought it was going to be stuffed with cheese (hence the leftover thought).  I was wrong.  It was about 90% bread, stuffed with a small amount of cheese.  If you wanted the cheese (hence the name for the bread), you have to eat (or throw away like we did) a ton of bread.  Most of the loaf bread only.  There was some cheese, but very little.  The bread tasted good, but given that it was basically a whole big bread with a tiny bit of cheese, I would say that it wasn't even close to demanding $9 per loaf.   Think about it, how much would you pay at a bread shop for a big loaf of bread?  That is what you should pay for this.  I have a feeling (and confirmed by other reviews on Stellas) that it used to be really good, they became popular, tried to cut their cost and cut the quality with it.  Totally overrated.  Tips:  Parking ramp nearby on Main Street, bring CASH!!  Limited people take credit card, walk in the one direction the rest of the crowd is going.  It's a one way direction only.  If you want to walk faster, move to the left.  Slower, move to the right.  Leave the strollers/wagons at home if you can b/c it's tight during the peak hours and people will get annoyed with your wheels.   I was told no dogs, but I saws  few, barking at the others.  Leave the dog at home so you don't have to fuss over him/her.   Bring bottled water if you plan on eating as you shop the stands.
4	Was told this was the biggest farmers market of US and it looks big. Surrounds the capital building and a good place to be in Madison.Be here on Sat mornings and it will become memorable. Lots of food stalls, flower stores.You can feel the place so active and fresh with farmers from all around the place, families hanging around with kids, college students roaming all around.The desserts, honey, spicy bread, pesto, cheese curds are must to be tried. Only Cash
4	Welcome to Stepford for local, organic, and quality produce shopping. Basically, once you step foot on the sidewalk that surrounds the Capitol, you are instantly swept in a one way direction scoping out the freshest gigs that help clean your colon and baked goods that increase the waist line. It was definitely an experience getting caught up in the momentum and great seeing so many people getting excited for local and organic goods. We left with one of the best brownies I have had in a long time and almost walked away with a potted parsley plant. My one critique, invest in Square space peeps! I cut the Amish table some slack but only one stand, out of four full blocks worth, had credit card capabilities. I appreciate the charm of using cash but I would have bought a ton more if I could swipe it.
4	Loads of fresh and organic fruits, veggies, flowers etc. You'll find jams and jellys, honey, fresh plants, meat, cheese and spicy cheese bread. Caution: its packed! Also most everyone is headed in one direction. We felt like sheep. There are people everywhere. Try not to drive anywhere near the Capitol building. Other than being a little claustrophobic at times when the crowd stopped... it was a sight to see. I would have loaded up the car if I lived near by.
4	This was my first visit to the Dane County Farmer's Market and I was very impressed. The mere size of this market is mind blowing especially in the setting around the beautiful Capitol. The variety of fresh goods is amazing. Be prepared for the slow-moving crowds and almost all cash only vendors.
4	Madison's farmer's market had an enormous amount of stations and food. Great looking veggies, some fruit and flowers. They also had some spicy cheese bread that my husband loved as well as other processed foods. I was a little disappointed in their lack/absence of vegan treats, given the community.
5	This place is a must if you're visiting the area for the first time. Actually, if I lived here I would probably go here a lot. It's a huge farmers market where you are buying directly from the farmer. I loved seeing the eccentric personalities of these locals sharing their products with the public.    There was a huge variety of items for sale. Of course there are the fresh fruits and vegetables but there were also potted herbs, cheese, noodles, meats, oils, sauces, flowers etc. There were also a couple of tents selling fresh breads and cookies. I split the feta and spinach empanada from Stella's. It was pretty good. A little pricy tho. We also purchased some veggies for meals, raspberries and Macintosh apples. They tasted fresh.    The market runs along the square. I saw some reviews recommending to get there early for parking and to avoid the crowd. Maybe I was lucky but we were there around 10 and while yes there was a crowd I still felt comfortable enough to shop. It may or may not have had something to do with it being Iron Man weekend. We tried to find street parking but settled for the $5 parking in a nearby parking garage.
4	Great market to attend! Get there early though and be sure to take two laps around the capital to check out all the goods and price things out.Be sure to talk to the vendors as well. Very friendly. They provide helpful tips on how to check freshness and cook produce.For the most part prices are reasonable for the produce but the meat is a bit expensive.Enjoy!
5	Best. Farmer's. Market. Ever.I love everything about this market, even the crowds (because really, they just reflect how awesome it truly is). Wonderfully nice vendors with an assortment of produce, meats, cheeses, and other goodies. I visited the market again last week (mid-September) and the flower arrangements were gorgeous. Stella's spicy cheese bread is my must-have guilty pleasure- just be prepared for the lines!
5	If you ever visit Madison on Saturday, there is no reason, NO REASON, why you could ever miss the farmer's market. It is the heart of Madison. All the wonderful farmers bring their delicious produce and share it with the small town of Madison.Over 100 farmers gather every week from April to November around the Capitol Square, bringing vegetables, fruits, meat, pastries, eggs, herbs, flowers, anything you can think of to the market! Locals, and visiting guests, come every single week. If you enjoy a slow stroll, and a good selection of produce, come before 9am! My favorite things at the market:Spicy cheese bread - Stella bakeryBlueberries from Flyte family farmPeaches and cherries from Door CountyGraze stand - spinach and mushroom market bun; sausage croissant; magic coffeeBandaged cheese - Bleu MontApple cider - Ela's orchardIt is just a joy to walk around the square, even if you don't need any groceries. I'm so grateful for this glowing gem in Madison!!
1	Farmers market? Would have loved to go, but we didn't get into town until after noon and it was no where to be found. Was really looking forward to cheese curds squeaking in my mouth, now I just have a bad taste in my mouth about the entire thing. Update your website already!!
5	SO MANY awesome vendors selling tons of fresh produce. Prices are what you'd expect. There are lots of people, so be ready to elbow your way to the copious free samples at most of the stands. Bring cash.
4	i'd give it a 5 but I don't like the crowds, parking or the hugeness of it anymore. It's too much.  Just when you've purchased broccoli (or whatever), up the block there's a nicer cheaper broccoli that you wish you would've waited for. sigh...
4	Dane County Farmers Market on Saturday morning is a great way to start out the day. I love to go - choose my breakfast there and walk around the square to see the different products, and who has the best prices.  I try to buy organic foods, which is nice to get at the market, it is much less expensive than getting at the store. If there are other events downtown, free parking can be very difficult to find.  The earlier you go, the less crowded.  I didn't give 5 stars because I personally don't like large crowds.  It is becoming more and more a tourist type attraction - so being a local, when I'm there to get a couple of things and leave - it's not so easy.The vendors are great and easy to talk to.  Great  variety of products on the square. I enjoy getting fresh eggs there :)
4	Definitely a highlight of my visit to sweet Madison. Walking with the crowd around the beautiful capitol building, enjoying it from every angle while checking out the incredible produce on display. This is North America's largest producer-only market apparently, and you can feel the pride busting from the seams and between the leaves. The baked goods are particularly awesome, with the biggest donuts I have ever seen, and an excited lineup of people waiting to get their hands on hot spicy cheese bread. It moves inside when it gets cold, so enjoy it during the summer and in the fall when it's extra gloriously gourd-filled.
5	It's popular for a reason... Get there early, or be prepared to shuffle with the rest of 'em in a counter-clockwise direction!  Winter breakfasts at the senior center can be  scrumptious.
5	Wow, I had heard the buzz and as a Chicagoan have been wanting to come visit just to visit the farmer's market and it was well worth it! I will be back to hang out and pick up farmers market finds as soon as I can! It was cold and rainy and windy and miserable out but I still managed to have an amazing time and load up on pumpkins and squash and honey and other veggies that would make the trip home to Chicago.
