3	Very helpful staff with no pressure to buy anything.There are a lot of choices and a color coding system that helps you identify what types of beds to look at.  The prices seem a little high, but then again I had just come from a futon store so there is a bit of a difference.
5	I went into Mattress Firm on a lark to consider a mattress for my daughter who had just moved to Philadelphia. I left with a split king adjustable Cloud Luxe Breeze mattress for my husband and myself on the condition that my husband approve the selection and purchase price before the contract became active.I was assisted by an exceptionally knowledgeable, relaxed, no-pressure store manager, Ricky Curley (4809481288) who was minding the store from his normal location at Sonora Village 15745 N Hayden in Scottsdale. Later in my purchase when Ricky was sent as a corporate rep to a Dallas trade show; he left us in the care of someone he trusted, Carrie Wells (6022653488) at this Camelback 1831 E Camelback St location. I include their names, phone and location because if you are considering a purchase these are the two people you want to deal with directly. Ask for them by name and leave a message if either is not there at the time of your visit. I brought my husband into the store when he was his most tired. I told him only that I wanted him to reject my selection and the purchase. Ricky was smart and let him find his way, no pressure. My husband added a 10-year warrantee on the dual power base frame saying he didn't want a broken elephant in the house in 3 years and it's the mechanical that breaks. It is a feat to find a bed that suits. Our last was a failure that we slept on for 7 years.The bed was delivered and Ricky went out of town. I was deeply concerned in case I had issues during the satisfaction guarantee period which for us was shorter than most. I did, my concerns were attended to and everything is being made right. It's one thing to be guided to the right bed; it is fully another to have proper follow-up by a manager who has the authority to make things right and make you happy. For that I understand why Ricky left us in Carrie's care. I am glad I worked with these two individuals. It speaks well of a company to have quality people.
