5	I was so happy we decided to go to Union.  I read about the opening yesterday and since we couldn't make the James Bond movie, I wanted to do something different.  And indeed we did that.  It was so much fun to go to the recently opened UNION.  It is attached to the Biltmore Fashion Park.  When I went in, it reminded me of a miniature Chelsey market, with their little boutique stores, so awesome.  After walking around the different stores, we decided to grab a bite at Trattoria del Piero. I was impressed that for opening night, this was run so perfectly.   This place is run by Lisa G. and it is owned by the people from Queen Creek Olive Mill.  Lisa came to our table since I had a special request.  I was already blowing my diet with the drink so I wanted to make a little change in one of the dishes, she was very accommodating and very nice.  My drink was worth the calories, I had the Limoncello martini.  My salad was delicious, I had the Fruta di Mare.  My hubby  had Lisa's bowl of balls as a grinder and the Union Cocktail.  The place is really neat, so eclectic, cute little hipster girls with the berets and the guys with their funky black arrow like earrings and scarves. On another table, "old school" older Arizonan who knows everyone.  So different and great at the same time, not a single Ed Hardy shirt in sight, yay! We bought a box of the cupcakes "for the twins", wink, wink.I can't wait to come back
3	Popped in for lunch after a little AM yoga sesh today.  Had been by after my initial trip to Union on opening day - they weren't open when I was there then.  Weirdly, at 11:45 today half the stores in Union were open, half weren't.  Anyway, TDP is super cute.  Love the tables, love the outdoor seating and the small bar.  The staff was super friendly and helpful with our orders.  I could really taste the olive oil on my sandwich and the bread was nice. Overall, the food was good, but not great and definitely overpriced. $9 for a Caprese sandwich is ridiculous - and the tomato on this one wasn't ripe.    The meatball sandwich needed more sauce.  The chicken salad sandwich looked great, but again, for such small sandwiches I would expect fruit or salad or something.I think next time I'll just enjoy the free smells, and buy a bottle of delicious olive oil from their store across the way.
3	My husband and i had heard about the new Union shops @ the Biltmore  and were excited to check it out along with the new cafe. The concept is great, wonderful eclectic little shops to stroll in & out of (p.s the borgata plaza should have thought of this concept to save the plaza) anyway  I had lunch there the day before with a friend and while the food is very good ,the portions are ridiculous! They are actually "bite size" at best. Well I then wanted to try out their breakfast with my husband and found it very confusing. We overheard the people next to us commenting on the same problem...where to order,different menu's for different times, not knowing if we take it outside OR they bring it out etc... (not a big deal just need to iron some kinks out) BUT when my fritatta (ordered without a bun)arrived I actually laughed and said "where's the rest of it" two and a half bites later it was gone! Similar places like the Corner at kierland or Le Grande Orange have a healthier portions for the same amount of money. We have a list of 8 new restaurants that we wanted to try and after both times here we were disappointed. Unfortunately will not be back.
2	We decided to give this a try.  The setting was very appealing.  It has a European look to it.  Like others have said, the portions are small.  My caprese sandwich arrived and it looked like half a sandwich.  At $8 it should have at least tasted better than it looked.  But unfortunately, it had no taste. Perhaps that is why it was loaded with big grains of salt.  So salty that it crunched when you bit down. So I sent it back and another arrived.  Less salt.  Yellowish green tomato.  Tough ciabatta.  No taste.  They need to do some work on the menu and the kitchen.
4	Try the meatballs. They are pretty darn tasty. Cute casual eatery at The Biltmore.
4	I tried this place during the Yelp Shop Local Crawl and with the 10% off check-in offer. I took my daughter and we split the shrimp and calamari salad with the fruit and cheese plate. The cheese plate had pistachios, olives, and chocolate, too....soooo yummy. The decor was swanky, yet comfortable, and prices very reasonable. This is a great place for lunch or dinner.
4	Del Piero is very modern and as a Euro look.  The said can be said about their serving sizes; ie small compared to American standards.  The serving sizes are small, but they are satisfying and leave your hunger fulfilled without feeling like you overate. Prior reviewers have complained about the serving size and price ratio but the quality of ingredients justify the price.  On a lighter note, I recommend the Kalmatra (I hope I spelled it right), their best sandwich.  The bartender was also very knowledgeable about his beers and spirits.  Overall the decor and very modern, the atmosphere is very intimate.
3	Cute, quaint and slightly claustrophobic.  If you can get past the fact that strangers are inches away, you'll probably grow to like Trattoria Del Piero.I was so sad when Lisa G. closed her cafe on 7th Street a couple of years ago.  The woman made an unforgettable set of 'balls!  When I heard Queen Creek Olive Mill was able to juggle a deal to bring her bowl of 'balls back to CenPho, I was happily excited!And so...on my first trip to TDP, there was really no need to thoroughly give the menu a once over.  I had set my heart on rolling down meatball lane.  I should have known, however, that change is the one constant.  The jumbo pair of 'balls from yesteryear had been replaced by three slightly smaller, yet still big, 'balls soaked in a bath of marinara.  My biggest complaint might be that I had not been warned how HOT these 'balls were.  My suggestion:  reduce the time on the nuker by a minimum of 30 seconds, please.  Food served too hot makes for very sensitive tongues!  Also, the thin slice of well-done Italian-style bread was OK (I'll ask it NOT be toasted next time) but no substitute for the thick-cut chewy goodness from the old Lisa G's spot which was OH, SO much better for sopping up sauce when you're done with your 'balls.They don't have to be the biggest 'balls of them all, but wIth a couple of minor tweaks, TDP's 'balls might have me rounding up my friends and keep me coming back again and again.P.S.  The moist and creamy Blood Orange cupcake is worth devouring, too!Update On 2/5/2013:  I received a message from "Lisa G."  It mentioned they do not microwave the 'balls and that the temperature control for the container in which they're kept had malfunctioned, but had since been corrected.
4	Such a great new addition to the Biltmore!  The space reminded me of the Oxbow Market in Napa...bonus!  The service was excellent and everything was made of quality ingredients!
4	This new cozy restaurant within the new Union Shops is a great addition to my favorite shopping mall.  I loved the indoor seating but noticed some people enjoying their meal outdoors which seems like a great option on a perfect day.I enjoyed a salad from their menu.  Although it was smaller than some of the large trough size salads we are used to it was sufficient.  They could add more greens to fluff it up a bit, but it was very tasty and had a great dressing.
3	Love the location and the ambience.  The food was good....but only good, I expected more and priced slightly higher than it should've been.  Meatballs were good, the chicken milanese was ok, but on the dry side.
4	Fun little place to grab a drink during a shopping break.  Welcome addition to the Biltmore.  The bartender was friendly, it has the intimate feel which is a nice balance to the cavernous Phoenix restaurants.  I haven't sampled the food, but was impressed by the wine list.  We were there on a rainy day, but can't wait to go back when we can sit outside.
2	I've been eying the Trattoria since it opened, and finally got a chance to stop in last weekend.  I was excited about the ambiance - the place looks modern and fresh, and I had the impression the menu would wow me.The service was great and the decor was fun - a great place to take a shopping break (or just cool off when its 115 out).  The menu was pretty exciting, but the food fell short.Our Avocado Carpaccio was fun indeed - not what we would have expected, but definitely different and enjoyable.  The flavor combinations were interesting, and we commented that it could have passed as a dessert (not a bad thing).  But it was pretty small, certainly just a snack.The Flatbread Chicken & Citrus Kale was the dish I was most looking forward to, and also most disappointed in.  The chicken itself was very dry and didn't have much flavor.  In fact, I didn't taste much of the sweet pea puree, crispy copa ham, fried egg, and definitely missed the white truffle oil.  The bread was fine, but again very dry.I'm hoping I went on an off day, because the ambiance and service remind me of my favorite restaurants in town - I just wish the food did too.
4	I came here yesterday twice.  Once for lunch with my friend.  We each had their meatballs with a side of garlic bread.  They were 2 large meatballs for $6. The garlic bread, which I thought was overpriced was $2.50 for 2 slices.  The meatballs were really good - it was juicy and definitely made me full for lunch.  For 2 orders of the meatballs, garlic bread and we each had iced tea, our bill, before tip was $21.  I later came that evening for the Yelp Elite Event.  We were served Sangria and little mini cupcakes.  The sangria was great - and the mini cupcakes were delish!  Not dry at all and moist and tasty.  Very friendly people.
5	Came down to the Union on a recent Yelp event. I've been to the actual oil mill years ago, and didn't know I could go to the Biltmore to buy their olive oils. Makes it much closer.lol.  Seeing I ran out of Queen Creek olive oil a while ago, I jumped at my opportunity to buy a bottle of their classic extra virgin olive oil. Yelp staff even provided me with a free pourer for the bottle. Super cool!I chose the classic oil but they have so much dipping oils. I think I saw a bacon one there too..mmmm.  Maybe next time. I always support local and queen creek olive oil is my favorite!
5	I was here for a Yelp event.  I did not get to try one of their main dishes but I had their sangria and cupcakes made with their flavored oils.  Everything was quite yummy. I spoke with the manager(I think ?, someone in charge) and she was very friendly. It's a small little restaurant inside the Union at Biltmore. The Union has a very cool vibe. I would definetly come back to try their food.
4	The ambiance is what attracted us to this restaurant which is inside the Union at the Biltmore. We chose to sit outside under the trees and string lights. It felt cozy and romantic. Sitting outside is a good option if you have children as well because they can be loud and make a mess without much notice. It was happy hour- on a Saturday- from 4-8p!We started off with their Berry Sangria and an Almond Sparkling Wine, both were $5 a glass and I loved the sparkling wine, could of had a second glass.  My husband got the spaghetti with meatballs which was on their HH menu for $6. He loved it so much that he ordered a second one. I opted for a very healthy Quinoa Asparagus salad. I added chicken to mine and I think it came out to be about $12.  The waitress did inform us that the concept if the restaurant is "light bites". With that in mind, the portions are smaller, but it was expected. The staff were very professional, knowledgable and happy to assist me with menu items that they could make without dairy.  Last but not least, we asked for bread, olive oil and vinegar with our meal. Well, they brought out this amazing olive oil blended with Basil and a White Balsamic dressing. Let me tell you this...I could have eaten a whole loaf of the Basil oil and white balsamic on my own, it was very yummy!
5	Came here for Sunday lunch. They have a sandwich that was featured on the food network, the kalamata. It was pretty good. I think what stole the show though was the roast "beast" sandwich. Very tasty and satisfying. "So Good!" was said about 8 times during our meal. We sat outside which was very quaint, and our sever, Carlos, was very friendly and attentive and gave great suggestions about the menu. Afterwards, you can go inside and they have these speciality shops, with wine, bread, coffee, and desserts. I had some macaroons, the pistachio chocolate, the salted caramel, and the coconut. The salted caramel was definitely my favorite. I will be here again for sure!
5	OMG come for happy hour!! I don't live in Phoenix, but i'm so glad we got to try this little hipster spot  at The Biltmore.  I had the tasty berry mojito with the Spaghetti & meatballs. For happy hour, these were large enough portions. I was so satisfied, i fell in love with spaghetti again. The customer service was amazingly nice, seat yourself, and have a good time!
4	Very cute spot! I love the UNION at the Biltmore, always the best little shops to explore. Stopped here for a bite to eat while shopping one day and was not disappointed. The olives were, as we suspected, delicious. We loved the sandwiches we had as well, only wished there was more meat to measure up the thicker slices of bread. The meat and bread were both great, though! I love the setup and design of the place. Perfect lunch or dinner if you're spending the day at the Biltmore
