5	So happy Pinkberry's in my neighborhood.  I'm a fro-yo fanatic and this one is my favorite.  They have the passion fruit flavor here apparently it's the only store in the U.S. with it right now, take that LA...just kidding.   Love love love their chocolate hazelnut.  Great location right in front of Mandarin Oriental and their employees were very friendly and helpful.
5	It's great to have Pinkberry come to Las Vegas.  We used to visit the one in Koreatown, NYC fairly often until we got burnt out on frozen yogurt!  It's been a few years so we went to visit  the new Las Vegas Strip location 2 nights ago and it was refreshing to see an expanded menu with more flavors and toppings available.  The staff were friendly and generous with offering free samples.  I ordered the chocolate hazelnut concoction as pictured on the wall left of the counter.  It was chocolate hazelnut yogurt topped with roasted hazelnuts, hazelnut wafer rolls, and chocolate sauce.  The huge picture got my mouth watering and it turned out to be DELICIOUS.  They should offer up more yogurt/topping combination ideas like that so people aren't scrambling and holding up the line.  Just an idea.  Happy to fall in love with Pinkberry again!
4	I am way, way too excited that a Pinkberry opened up in Vegas.  Now all the desert dwellers can get that California stripmall experience.  Mani/pedis and fro-yo, ya'll!But, DAMN THEM, they don't serve salted caramel, my favorite flavor.  Of all the places to pour salt on ice cream, Las Vegas should be number one! But, noooooo.  However, in a pinch, the pomegranate flavor works.   Add some pineapple, mochi and granola, and you'll be in heaven.  Prices are pretty good too, considering it's right on the strip.  About $5 a pop.P.S. - It's in front of the Mandarin Oriental, not inside.
3	Fro-yo and toppings?  What's not to like?!
3	I was here for their grand opening. Such a long line, but was it worth the wait?The staff was very friendly and seemed knowledge about what they serve. You can get all the samples you want so be sure to ask!I got the chocolate hazelnut and passion-fruit (or was it pomegranate?). Both had just the right amount of sweetness and not a hint of artificial flavoring. I was expecting a bit more tartness, as this is yogurt and all, but the berries I chose as my topping filled that gap. FYI this was my first time tasting Pinkberry froyo.The location is nice, it seems to fit in with The Crystals quite well. Is this somewhere I would go again? Yes, but only if I was already on the strip.
4	Finally Pinkberry in Vegas, the original Korean froyo right?! This location is awesome since it's right on the strip in front of City Center. Just like all other Pinkberries, modern funiture almost like it's from Ikea. This location is better than the ones in California since it's a bit bigger and huge signage. Love the tartness of the original flavor and I sampled the chocolate hazelnut, which tastes like Nutella. Nomm! Next time I will definitely getting the option with toppings and have 1 or 2 of those fancy looking waffle cookies with my yogurt. One last thing, the service is AMAZING, the staff is super nice! Maybe because it was the first day they were open? Hopefully it lasts since people working on the strip lose their patience after sometime.
3	What's up with "no Fruity Pebbles but we have Froot Loops!" When did Pinkberry stop carrying Fruity Pebbles? Honestly I wouldn't know. I'm more of a Nubi & Yogurtland gal. I don't like that this location isn't self serve but given the fact that it's on the strip, I understand. Can't be leaving the machines up to drunk hooligans to operate by their own inebriated lonesome. Making it not self serve is also a drawback. You will have to wait and wait and wait on the indecisive noobs ahead of you who want to sample every freaking flavor offered to be served before you can just order your damn original tart with mochi and honey granola or whatever healthy shit it was they offer in place of Fruity Pebbles and GTFO. The employees are all smiles but give it a few months Hahaha.
4	I only heard of pinkberry a couple times before but during those couple times I have heard nothing but great things about this place!I was excited to learn they opened a store here in Vegas! I went as soon as my sister told me they were open. They are located on the strip at city center, next to Mandarin Oriental. There is no convenient parking next to the store. The closest parking would probably be the Aria parking garage. I timed how long the walk took us and it was less than 10 mins one way. But ohhh so worth it!We went on a Friday evening. Surprisingly it was not busy. They offered us samples to try. We tried green tea, mango, and chocolate hazelnut. We did not like the first 2 at all.. But the chocolate hazelnut - OMG heaven in your mouth! Just the right amount of sweetness for us! We ordered it with strawberries, mochi, chocolate crunch, and roasted hazelnuts - it was the best frozen yogurt I've ever had! You can order as much toppings that can fit "comfortably" in the cup. Unfortunately this place is not self serve. That, and the walk, are my two only gripes about the place thus the 4 stars. We ordered a medium cup to share which came out to be less than $8.00. Might be a bit pricier than other fro-yo places, but then again it is on the strip.The store itself is bright, roomy, and clean. There's indoor and a couple outdoor seating. Also, download their app to start collecting rewards towards a free fro-yo (I believe it's 10 to get one free) and once you register, you automatically get one small cup with free toppings! :)I am soooo coming back.. Until then I'll keep dreaming about my chocolate hazelnut.. Sighhhh :)
4	The staff at this shore could not be nicer.  They gave me a wonderful sample with toppings, which convinced me not only to change my mind about my flavor, but also to return the next night.  Great service and a great product!
3	I consider Pinkberry the luxury brand of frozen yogurt, which is probably why it's located right outside of Crystals facing the Strip. Right when my friend and I walked in, the worker was super friendly and offered us as many samples as our hearts desired. I tried the Chocolate Hazelnut, and for being a loyal tart flavor fan, I absolutely loved it! I decided on a mini Passion Fruit and got mochi and mango as my toppings. I love that Pinkberry will fit as many toppings as you want as long as it fits in the cup! The Passion Fruit was just what the doctor ordered. It was smooth and tart, and I especially loved that the mango was perfectly ripe.The cashier suggested that we get the Pinkcard, their loyalty program which entitles you to a free fro-yo after your 10th purchase. We downloaded the app (much more convenient than carrying another paper punch card) and a reward for a free small frozen yogurt popped up. We asked the cashier if we can use it next time and she said no because it expired. We looked at the reward again and didn't see any expiration date (only that it expires 30 days after we downloaded the app) but she still said they wouldn't be able to take it. I love Pinkberry's frozen yogurt but I don't think it's worth the trouble. You'd have to park in the Aria parking garage and walk all the way to get your fro-yo fix. The price I paid for a mini was the same as what I would pay for a whopping size at Yogurtland.
2	Having been a Pinkberry fan for years I was so excited when I heard that finally a location was going to be opening in Vegas, yay! I couldn't wait to have my standard Pinkberry cup! This cup is composed of original Pinkberry topped with fresh banana, mochi and Fruity Pebbles. Seriously this is like the best cup of froyo ever! So when I started to order my beloved they told me they do not use Fruity Pebbles. You have to be fucking kidding me right? Nope. They have some no high fructose initiative so Fruity Pebbles were removed from the toppings months ago. Im still reeling from this completely and total let down. I begrudgingly ordered my cup sans the Fruity Pebbles and then proceeded to stand there for 5 minutes while my cup disappeared into the back so they could figured out how to cut a banana. When my cup finally emerged from the back and presented to me it was needless to say half melted. No apology, no excuses, nothing. Of course I call out bullshit when I see and asked what they were going to do since my froyo was melted, she just shrugged me off and started helping another customer out. So not only did I not get my Pebbles but I also didn't get that icy crunch that separates Pinkberry from other froyo places. What an annoying and frustrating experience after which Id be hard pressed to return. Lesson here.. if you want Fruity Pebbles bring your own. If you want fresh banana ask for it before they dispense the froyo. Otherwise go to Yogurtland where you have control of your final froyo destiny including high fructose spike cereals.
5	Words could not describe my happiness when Pinkberry was brought to Vegas. I have been a die hard pinkberry fan for years (when I had lived in southern California) I usually get the pomegranate yogurt with mango blueberries and white chocolate crisps. But I did recently try the green tea and that was amazing as well! The employees are always happy and cheerful as well, and its always so clean! I even bought a pinkberry iPhone case :) I highly recommend this place if your on the strip. Its located right next to CVS at the bottom of the Mandarin Oriental.
4	Yay to Green Tea Tart Yogurt.  I am glad they finally opened a store on the strip but then its so pricey (Think Vegas tourist trap price)Unlike other stores, they have more flavors, including my favorite green tea tart, its hard to find even at other pinkberry stores.The location is very central (underneath Mandarin Oriental) but however, it doesn't seem to be very crowded at all.
5	It took me a while to find this yogurt store (On Las Vegas Blvd outside the Mandarin Hotel)Today I had the salted caramel yogurt with chocolate covered pretzels. I came in for the green tea tart flavor but they only have 6 flavors at a time and it wasn't in the rotation, maybe next time. Anyways, I was very happy with what I got and they did have like 30 different toppings.
5	Come and try out their seasonal flavors like salted caramel and grapefruit! It's mmm mmm good!!! I've always been a fan of frozen yogurt and pinkberry. This location lives up to it's standards. The staff is also exceptional! They're super friendly and professional.
5	what isnt there to like about Pinkberry. love the tart froyo with fresh fruit toppings. my go-to snack every chance!
1	I love Pinkberry's, so I was excited when I found one right on he strip. The original flavor was disgusting!!  It tasted extremely sour and was very gritty. I couldn't eat a second spoonful. I had to throw it away. Waste of $$$. Avoid this location.
5	Great location serving up the proprietary Pinkberry blends I enjoy! Finally, a place that opens RIGHT ON the strip, rather than inside some nasty smoke-filled run down casino! Well, I don't know what  I was expecting considering Pinkberry is a professional, classy company. Spacious inside with plenty of seating. I was able to indulge in my yogurt without having to run into those stupid "hot girls want to meet you" clowns trying to pass out cards and sleaze ball sneezing god knows what all over my yummy yogurt!
4	Friendly, and fast ... though they are willing to decline restroom service to the non-purchasing public I still will give them 4 stars.IF you are unsure what a Pinkberry is ... it's Frozen yogurt which is extremely sweeted, severed in multiple sizes a regular ran me $5 and then topped with nemours toppings from fruit to nuts and candy. The Froyo flavors range from their regular to chocolate, coconut and others. The interior is very beach like, and has bright colors and reminiscent of Japanese Hello Kitty stores :-). 4 stars.
5	Absolutely love this place!! Wish they would have the peanut butter but the hazelnut is to die for!!! Always ask for recommendations if you're not sure what to get and the girls working the counter are more than happy to help.
4	After multiple delays in Pinkberry getting to the strip (remember when they were supposed to open at the Forum Shops in 2007?), I finally got to check out what all the commotion was about.  I had only heard about it from others.There are some big differences between Pinkberry and their frozen yogurt competitors:- They are really pushing the health factor and with the addition of their Greek yogurt line, it makes it seem OK to get a large portion even if you just stuffed your face at a buffet beforehand.  - Their original flavor was a lot less tart than Yogurtland or Red Mango and that was a big plus for me.  It was smooooooth.  - I also liked some of their creative seasonal flavors like key lime and lychee.  I heard they offer other choices like watermelon and pumpkin at different times of the year.  The flavor department of Pinkberry sounds like a fun place to work.- I dislike that the staff has to put the toppings on and puts a number limit based on the size you order.  They charge more than others so we should have it the way we want it.    Consider me a fan overall though.  I can't imagine I would drive to the strip just for this (especially since I would have to park at Aria and then walk over) but I would definitely be down when I am in the vicinity.
5	This place is the tits. I don't eat yogurt anywhere else after eating it here. The original flavor is so delicious that I just eat it plain.
5	Love.I only wish it was easier to access for locals. This one is on the strip & not easy to get to. I parked at Cosmo & walked over. Took about ten-fifteen min.I had the pomegranate with Pom sauce & blueberries! Such good quality and fresh ingredients. I like that the toppings are done for you. It just seems more sanitary. (I hate buffets)Praying for a local shop soon! TOWN SQUARE !
5	Mmmm such a rich yogurty texture, makes my heart fly each time I have it. Wait what? Yes I am an avid Pinkberry fan, don't nobody judge me for it.See I used to be a Yogurtland fan, since it was so cheap and the location was right across the street from campus, but after Pinkberry, jumping ship is not enough, you have to take everyone you can from the other ship and bring them with you.The location is right outside the Mandarin Oriental, before driving into the Porte-cochere, and when I saw it right outside the hotel when the taxi was pulling in, I told myself, "I'm not going to come here just once.'And I didn't, I came here twice, on Saturday. Once in afternoon and once at night.Oh jeez, why? I don't mind paying more for food, so believe me the price you pay is a bit more, but the frozen yogurt is so delicious. First time I got the grapefruit and pomegranate flavor, second time was the passion fruit and mango, and both times it was just fantastic. Combine the flavors with whatever topping you want that they have, and it was on POINTT!.  Yes you can mix flavors.The employees both times were really nice, really quick too even though there was group of people that stood there just looking at the sign and questioning what each other should get. People like that really irks me. Regardless, it is a very nice well kept shop, right outside the Mandarin Oriental on the strip.No there is no parking, my suggestion is just to valet the car at the Mandarin Oriental and pick it up after you get bliss in the cup. Only downside is you have to tip the valet. (they don't charge for valet unless you park the car over night)BUT HEY! Its better than walking in the crazy ass heat from the Aria or Cosmo to get yogurt and walk back.Cheers and Enjoy!
5	So happy Pinkberry finally migrated out if Cali! When we'd go home to visit we always had to make a stop @ Pinkberry in Rancho Cucamonga. Super stoked there's one here now!!
4	A froyo place that you do not self serve. I was little bit confused at the beginning but quickly caught on. They don't sell by weight and the extra toppings don't cost you extra because they don't get weighed either. This location is really nice. It's spacious, clean and love how bright it is in there. The people working there were really nice too. They were very friendly and explained how it worked and let us try few different flavours to narrow down our choice.
4	Good little yogurt spot. Friendly staff!
3	I had tried Pinkberry when it first opened on the Strip and really, really liked it. However, as of recently I've discovered another froyo place by my house and I have to say, I prefer the other one. Yes, Pinkberry tastes pretty fresh but I could taste some artificial flavors in it. The employees are super nice and will give you as many samples as you like. I always go for original tart, with some berries on top. It is a tad bit expensive though for such a little cup.Either way, if you are on the Strip and are looking for something light and refreshing, sans alcohol, this is a good place to stop in for a treat.
4	I was on the fence about whether to rate this location 4 or 5 stars. The only downside to this pinkberry is their location. Being on the strip is a great thing however parking is inconvenient unless you valet at mandarin oriental. Besides that...They  always have a really friendly and enthusiastic staff who are always making suggestions on which flavor combos you should get. They are always offering samples to make sure you enjoy what you choose which makes getting frozen yogurt even more fun!Although I love their new limited time or exclusive flavors, I will always remain a fan of the original PB tart flavor. For toppings, I generally keep it simple with just plain mochi ... It's the perfect light refreshing frozen treat!Definitely glad they opened a location in Las Vegas so I can enjoy this whenever my heart desires. Their mobile app is also pretty great. The interface is easy to use and focuses on their punchcard feature. To encourage customers to download the app they offer a free small yogurt which is pretty persuading. The app let's you earn points for a free froyo after a certain number of purchases. It also gives you the option to post out to your social media networks directly through the app. Good job guys.
4	This location is conveniently located right on the Las Vegas strip so it was easy to find. They had a bunch of different Pinkberry goodies for sale that I haven't seen at other locations like an iPhone case and water bottles. Cute stuff! It wasn't busy when I stopped by so I was in and out in no time flat. Bonus that it's walking distance from my hotel. I'll probably be back again this week!
2	Super nice people, very friendly, clean location. Yogurt machines are not self-serve, not well marked and the yogurt is not quite up to "fair". The flavors are so strong that they are overpowering and taste like concentrated everything. Only a couple flavor choices.
5	I love Pinkberry.  I would visit more often if they open a more convenient location.  It is a pain for locals to visit this location.  I always enjoy the original with berries.
4	I stopped in for an impromptu yogurt treat before an event.  I walked into a bright, clean and open area that is centrally located on the strip right next to Bobby's Burger Palace.  I didn't want anything huge or filling.  Being this was my first time to a Pinkberry, I stuck with a small original without any toppings.  The yogurt was light, sweet and with a tart flavor!  It was delightful! It wasn't heavy or too rich which sat perfectly well with me.  The small cup was actually bigger than many other chains so I think you get a good value here.  The staff was awesome.  They were very friendly and helpful.  I think this location will be a hot spot when the summer hot months hit here in Las Vegas.  Thanks for a great treat and great service that is welcomed any time of year!
4	Date & Time:  Friday February 29, 2014 @ 4pmLocation:  Mandarin HotelCompanion:  The HusbandScene:  Girls in Tank Tops, Jeans + UggsDecor:  Cheery, Bright & Zen.  Recycled Wood Benches & Predominately White Decor w/ Splashes of Pastel Blue & GreenService:  Nice GirlsDevour:  Fro-YoTotal:  $6
4	Had a friend come in town and tell me about this place! Right one the strip as many times as I been never knew it was there. I'm glad I was exposed to this. They were very helpful explains what their product was and allowed me to taste each flavor! Was disappointed they didn't have they most famous flavor available! So many toppings to choose from and the waffle cookie topped it off!! Also my fav part is them offer discount for military!!! If you ever are on the strip this hot Vegas summer and I know you will be!! Check them out right next to cvs on the side of the casino New York New York!!!
5	We had to stop here on our trip!  I love the selection of yogurt and fresh fruit.  Even when I suggested the kiwi looked a little beat up, she changed it out to get me fresher kiwi.  If we had one in Seattle, we'd definitely frequent it!
5	First time at Pinkberry in Las Vegas, of all places.This froyo chain definitely beats Yogurtland. Their froyo is thicker and creamier, and the portion is definitely worth the price. I wasn't full after dinner, but I was definitely stuffed after getting some yogurt here.The coconut flavor is sweet and slightly tart. I added strawberries, almond slices, and yogurt chips. Perfect combination! The guy behind the counter was really nice, let me try a couple samples. Too bad the Pinkberry location that's closest to me in CA is closed :(
5	I normally do not give 5 stars, but the customer service was great!  I said it was my first  visit.  She was friendly, informative, and helpful! Oh yeah, the yogurt was goooood!
5	I first discovered Pinkberry when I was going to Chiropractic school in LA. I was so excited when I found out that they were coming to Vegas! One of my favorite flavors is their green tea. This is still my favorite place for frozen yogurt. Their colors are never artificial looking and their yogurt has a clean, tart, and refreshing taste to it. I have yet to find another place that is comparable in taste!
5	I recently tried Pinkberry for the first time with my girlfriend and it was so good that we had to come back the following day. The original was very tart and refreshing. The staff were very helpful and patient with us as we made our topping decisions. Get the waffle cookie!
4	First time in Vegas so I had to try Pinkberry... Got to say it was really good, but there are other frozen yogurt places out there with more flavors but nonetheless it was still good and I really enjoyed it.
5	I ABSOLUTELY LOVE PINKBERRY! I have to say that I am always up to try a frozen yogurt place, but I have to say that nothing compares to Pinkberry, there is just something about it that makes it simply magical!I love to try all the new flavors, but I always seem to end up choosing the original with some sort of fruit topping.... usually mangoes and/or strawberries and I always love a lil waffle cookie!Pinkberry is definitely- "taste worth obsessing over!"
5	Perfect frozen yogurt, perfect service, and just overall fair pricing for delicious yogurt. I highly recommend this place.
3	I love their yogurt but the sales representitive and the customer service make me dissapointed.
2	They do not have their own bathroom. I came here with my friends today and they told us if we had to go to the bathroom, we were going to have to go to the casino next door. We're used to Froyo where we can get our own amounts and put our own toppings on it. If your used to this lifestyle, be prepared to be let down at Pinkberry on the strip. They serve the yogurt for you and put on the toppings for you. I guess in Vegas with all the intoxicated people you don't want a free for all topping service bar. Take me back to the Bay for Froyo, please!
5	If your craving something sweet then this is DEFINITELY the right place! The employees are very nice and helpful, They keep it very nice and clean too. And the best part is that its MUCH healthier than most of those yogurt places out there. Make sure to try the Peanut Butter, Chocolate Hazelnut, Coconut, and Vanilla latte, ITS AMAZING TRUST ME.
5	Pink Berry is always (ALWAYS) great. You cannot go wrong here. I ordered my usual original tart cup and my boyfriend actually ventured out of the box and tried a smoothie--which he loved. The employees were fresh and all smiles. This is a great relief to see from walking all up and down the strip. Also their price on bottled water was lower than the rest of the carryouts.
5	I've always wanted to try this place, I heard it's what started all the froyo craze. I was not disappointed, delish. Not a lot of flavors to choose though.
4	Vanilla bean and chocolate hazelnut swirl was awesome.  Imitation Heath topping was just okay
