5	When I saw that this place was opening soon I was super excited, since it's 5 min from my house. I've been here twice and each time was great. The first time I picked up some NY strip, a tri tip, some sausages and the Santa Maria seasoning they sell. The sausages were good, strips were great, and the tri tip was fantastic! I did the strips and sausages on my grill, and the tri tip on my smoker. The second time around I got the petite sirloin, butterfly pork chops, and beer brats. Everything was excellent! I'll be back this week for a third time, and I'm pretty sure I'll become a regular. Be sure to sign up for their e-mail coupons, and they give a 10% discount when paying with cash.  Also everyone in there has been super friendly too. Great place so far!
5	Great to have a real Butcher in town.  Visited this place a few days ago to check out their offerings and prices.  All the beef that I noticed was USDA Prime, they had all pork cuts, a few chicken cuts, sausage/brawts and fresh salmon as well.  They also have a freezer section with vacuum sealed fish, game and some other offerings.  Their prices are going to be typical of a real butcher which is more than the grocery store, but well worth it for the meat and the service.  Support local people!  I ended up with a 9lb Prime brisket and a 6 pack of his frozen pre-made hamburger patties.  He said he makes the patties with all the trimmings from the steak cuts.  -I didn't need to cook the whole brisket so he cut the brisket for me into a point and a flat and did a beautiful job getting the fat cap trimmed perfectly!  Great to have a real butcher!  -The patties last night melted in your mouth like butter.  My wife has never had a  more juicy burger.  There is a current Groupon deal for this place because it is so new.  I just bought my 2nd one.  I'll be going back here for sure....a lot.
5	This place is amazing!!!! Nice to have a butcher 3 minutes down the road. Very knowledgeable and take pride in what they do!
5	We have tried the tender, juicy, delicious steaks, brats, bacon burgers, pork chops and some flavorful elk steaks. All very fresh and tasty. Definitely worth a few extra dollars to know the meat will be perfect.  I haven't tried the lunch meat or cheeses but looks good too!Also, have been feeding my dogs the meat trimmings (cooked up with some of the veggies they sell, brown rice and an egg). Much healthier than processed dog food. They also love the raw marrow beef bones. Keeps them happy for hours. Staff is very knowledgeable and friendly. Family owned business. Very clean. Now that I've been spoiled by having top of the line meat products to choose from, I can't imagine going back to grocery store quality.  Check out their specials and bonus programs too for extra savings.
5	We tried the bacon, ground beef and a number of different sausages.  Everything was excellent.  The bacon in particular is the best I've found.
5	Absolutely AMAZNG! From some primo steaks, to exotics and even jumbo Chicago style Vienna hot dogs! Live near 5 grocery stores and in the month since I've discovered this place I haven't gone ANYWHERE ELSE for meat and chicken. This place is exceptional!
4	I went this past weekend (Saturday) to use my Living Social coupon and was so pleased that we ordered the coupon to try this new place. The store was busy, which is always a good sign, meaning turn over of product. It was very organized and clean, I assume it is a family run business, they had more than enough help all polite and courteous.I looked over the selection of freshly made sausages and cuts of meat, beef and pork (great grilling cuts selection). I bought 3 ribeyes bone in steaks. I was so happy to see they had hanger steaks, very hard to find. I grilled up the ribeyes that evening and got rave reviews from my family. Nice to have excellent quality local butcher. My only suggestion, if there was a supply and demand would be to have lamb and veal grilling cuts. I will definitely be back for my hanger steaks this weekend.
5	I originally went to this store with a groupon, but have been back several times. Their meat is delicious, as is the salmon. This salmon cost more than I am used to spending but was way better than what I have usually gotten in the freezer section of the local grocery store. It is a little out of the way for me, but I just stock up when I do go. Also, ask for cuts such as a rump roast you may not see in the case, he had some in the freezer. Will be back.
5	Just had their prime ribeye on the traeger grill. The best steak I have ever cooked myself. We will definitely be back for seconds!
4	Made my first trip to Butcher Block Meats in order to get some quality meats for a get together. Tim was really nice along with all the other employees. The cuts of meat they had were quality (I grabbed some pork and ribeye). The only thing keeping this place from getting 5 stars is the price tag. I can grab a quality cut of USDA prime ribeye for about 14.99 a pound at Costco whereas it costs 19.99 here...For smaller amounts of meat I'd go here for convenience but if I'm looking for larger amounts and a better price I'd go Costco. Now the one exception is for specialized cuts like Hanger which Costco does not carry. All in all a good experience but still can't quite be my goto place for all my meat needs. If their prices would come down a bit more, they'd even beat out Costco in my opinion.
5	Picked up steaks and salmon for a family get together, everyone raved about how good dinner was. We go there all the time but I think they will have some new customers after our dinner last night.
