5	The Google Map shown is incorrect.  This place is at the Point, not on the North Side.My husband Rick went here with a friend recently.  It reminds me that I have not been here in awhile.  It is a very unassuming, small-looking place.  If you didn't know it was here, you'd miss it.  But looks are deceptive and this place goes back and in depth.The Fort Pitt Museum is located in a re-created 18th century bastion of the fort that Great Britain built in 1759, after it captured the Point from the French; the outline of the French Fort Duquesne, built in 1754, is nearby. The Museum focuses on the French and Indian War but also addresses such topics as the American Revolution, the Whiskey Rebellion of 1794, and the founding of the city of Pittsburgh. They have a fur trader's cabin, a barracks room, and an artillery room to demonstrate what early life at the Point was like.  Upstairs, they have built a new exhibit on the long war between France and Great Britain, with special emphasis on the role that the Point and Fort Pitt itself played. Many original documents and artifacts are displayed. They have a couple of upcoming exhibits here that I would like to see.  One is Prelude to Victory: Grant's Defeat and it will be on September 13, 2008.  The other will be "The Hinge of History: The Forks of the Ohio Changes Hands".  I love history and can easily get absorbed into this museum.  Sure, it looks small, but I can easily spend a couple of hours here.
3	Ultimately, I definitely enjoyed my experience at the Fort Pitt Museum and I'm glad I finally went after many thoughts of "I should totally go." I knew very, very little of the early history of Pittsburgh, Fort Duquesne, and the French-Indian War, etc. As someone who has an interest in history, though, I'll admit that I found it a bit overwhelming. I should have prepared myself with some better background knowledge - it would have helped me keep things straight. But, again, I definitely had a good time. In fact, I think the exhibits toward the end of the museum were more interesting than the first main room.I'd like to go again - and it would give me an excuse to spend more time at the Point. Really, the most iconic part of Pittsburgh, and I never seem to get there... The other reviewer here noted that it's easy to miss it. I'd say the first couple times I went to the Point, I definitely didn't notice it at all!
5	Time for an update.  My husband Rick and I took our niece Allison and our nephew Brian here this past weekend.  We wanted to see the new exhibit, "American Frontier Rifleman: Tall Tales & Truth", which will be here until April 28, 2012."The American Frontier Rifleman" explores the truths and myths of the iconic backwoodsman.  This character was a combination of hunter, marksman, and warrior and he quickly became an icon of American literature and folklore.  The American Rifleman had a resurgence in the mid-20th Century in popular culture, first in the movies and later in television.  Three different versions of "The Ballad of Davey Crockett" made the top of the "Billboard" charts, selling a combined total of 10 million copies.  This exhibit is really well done, displaying rare hunting shirts (the clothing most often associated with the riflemen), powderhorns and weaponry from the 1700s and 1800s, and a display of riflemen in pop culture including memorabalia from movies and TV.  It's really well done and I recommend seeing it before it leaves.As for the other exhibits at the Fort Pitt, many of them have undergone some much-needed renovations.  The museum has updated several of the rooms showing  life inside the Fort during the 1750s and including re-creations of soldiers' barracks, a fur trader's cabin, and munitions storage.  The Fort Pitt is an amazing little museum that's well worth checking out.
2	I wish I could give this museum a better rating...but the truth is, I have yet to truly enjoy a day here. Believe it or not, I like history museums. I like taking the time to read everything in them. And ultimately I'm dying to read, really READ, everything about the old "Point" (before it was the Point) and this historic part of Pittsburgh - about the geography of the land originally, about the Native American tribes that lived here, about the wars and politics that occurred here, and about how a city I love that's now all too often blown off as dirty was once pretty well known, respected and revered. So wait - basically, this is a beautiful, interesting museum dedicated to a not-often spoken part of local history? I should be all over this thing!BUT...well, the thing is, this museum forgets that some people need silence to read lots and lots of text. If we want to remember/understand what we're reading, anyway. I mean, history's complicated. Enjoyable but complicated. At many museums noise isn't as much of a problem because you're doing as much looking as learning - but history museums are special in my experience, because there's always more to read then to see. There's nothing wrong with that, and I'm cool with doing lots of reading.Unfortunately my reading at the Fort Pitt museum is often interrupted by children. Little children don't care about reading lots of text. They also don't care if adults want to read lots of text. Meaning that all of the hands-on wooden musket replicas or cool canons that are there for people of all ages to enjoy? Yeah. If they're not nailed down - and boy, those wooden musket replicas are definitely not nailed down - they're going to be picked up by a child ready to run around the museum chanting off a Native American war cry. Kids have no problem stepping on toes and running in front of those of us trying to read and appreciate the history here. Trust me. If parts of the museum could be divided off just for these energetic kids, it wouldn't be so bad, but by the museum's very own design, everyone is always in one room on one of two floors.Hopefully one day I can actually enjoy the history here without being tread on. Until then...what can I say, other than that the subject is awesome but the building layout is not conducive to an informative day in a history museum, for me at least.
4	This place tells and shows history really well.  There are things for the kids to do and interact with.  It does seem a little pricey. If you have time, I would stop here.
