4	After a night in good ole' sin city this place was just what I needed to recoup, and make my road trip back home pleasurable. I'm from Chicago so of course I was extra tough on the authenticity of this joint. Its small and decorated like some 6 year old Chicago Cubs fan bedroom (in a good way though). There are maps of the city, and various type of memorabilia all around the restaurant, to try and make you feel like you're somewhere near Wrigley Field. The menu is Fabu! They have Italian beef sandwiches (combo and regular), Maxwell Polish sausages, Vienna dogs, Bratwurst, Scala's Giardiniera, and pizza puffs!!!!!!! I was so stoked I wanted one of everything, but I settled for the classic beef sandwich dipped with cheese, giardiniera, and hot peppers. It was magnifique!!!! Juicy, flavorful, spicy, and not soggy...oh my god if i lived anywhere near here I would be fat. My only negative report is on the french fries..they were skinny and weak. Our fries are usually thick, crinkle-cut soldiers to contend with.I will do my best to come here every trip to Vegas.
4	the hot dogs are pretty good here.  i've never had a hot dog in chicago...but i suppose they're prepared like a chicago dog.  personally i'm not into poopy seed buns.  and i'm a plain old mustard and saukraut type of girl.  the neon green relish kind of weirds me out.
1	Oh Chicago Tasty Dog, how I loathe thee, let me count the ways. One, you claim to be the official child of Chicago's famous dog chain, but your store looks nothing like the ones I remember, you can't even see them assemble your dog. Two, you don't even offer some of the junk you can get in Chicago, as strange as it seem, where is the lettuce? Where is the cucumber?? Three, your prices are out of this world, almost 5$ for a hotdog? It better be 3 feet long and dipped in gold...I went here seeking a Chicago Tasty Dog and all I got was a sad, sad frank with no lettuce...and no tomatoes (why salmonella! WHY!!!)If you want a hotdog and you are in the area, I guess this place is ok. If you are visiting LV and thought, Holy Smokes! Tasty Dog is in Vegas! Than you best get your tissues ready for a good cry cause it's not happening. Besides the random chicago junk on the wall, this place seems a little dirty and "hole in the wall" ish, but if you are slinging hotdogs, maybe that's a good thing.
4	Chicago Tasty Dogs is great.  Love what they serve and how they serve it, and the quality of the food is good as well.  While I do like the regular Chicago Style Hot Dogs, my absolute favorite is the Scala's Italian Sausage, especially with the hot giardinera on it. Not too too crazy about the fries, but some people really like them.  They also have like gyros and stuff like that, but I haven't tried those.  The decor is basically a bunch of pictures and memorabilia of Chicago style on the walls, and it's unobtrusive enough.  While I think it's worth it, keep in mind the prices are not hot dog stand prices.  Look to pay around $5+ for one dog.
1	This is the worst example of food I have ever seen.  This place was so dirty it should be closed by the board oh health. Don't expect anything but the worst  service ever.
5	Great food fast service..that's Chicago style at tasty dogs that what I got great place to eat...and if you where anything Chicago you get a discountvery nice faces when you walk in. Many people miss that Chicago feel and great taste. Pictures on the wall represent the city and the culture well. If you ever in Vegas you have to stop by and grab a dog and dress it the way you want.
2	the only great thing about this place is the french fries,  theya rea real fresh cut potatoes,  really really good,  if not for those this would be a 1 star.  the hot dogs were small in the bun,  the toppings were ehh ok,  but the bun wasnt steamed, more like it was toastes,  and thats not how its dnoe in chicago. the staff were super freindly, but it was expensive.  ill still make the trek to the planet hollywood for my hot dog fix at pinks
4	Really = 3.5I came here with my sister and brother-in-law who were visiting.  Brother-in-law had a hankering for some gyros and I passed up all the Kabob Expresses along the way looking for something a little more whole-in-the-wally and we stumbled upon this place while looking for something else (I was tired of driving).  I had the Italian Beef with onions and hot peppers which I thought was yummy tasty. Minus 1/2 star because I ordered another sandwich to-go for my boyfriend and they messed up my order and gave me the same exact thing that I ordered before.  I will gladly go back again to try the gyros which my brother-in-law really liked.
3	ok so i payed for my overpriced dog and basically was pretty dissapointed, it was edible but it wasnt anything special. I could have had this dog anywhere for cheap. owell.. better luck next time oh the fried were pretty awesome
4	This is probably one of my favorite places for hot dogs in Vegas. The prices are a bit high but not unreasonable. The hot dogs are very good, the french fries are quite tasty, and the people are pretty cheery. These definitely aren't your 7-11 quality hot dogs.The only drawback to them is that you can't get just a dog, gyro, or sausage. They come with fries and that's that. Their PoS (Point of Sales) system isn't programmed to allow the individual sale for some reason. But really, who wants to get just a dog? That's heinous!They recently started giving out these cards that count how many times you've been there and then you get a free meal on the 11th visit. When they started doing it the guy retro-actively put two marks on it for me because he'd seen me twice before!I tend to go there every couple weeks or so (sometimes once a week!) and every time I'm full of tasty food when I leave or finish at home. I'm not afraid to pay a few bucks extra for good quality food.
5	I am from Chicago (as if you couldn't tell that from my other reviews) and I love me some Chicago-style hot dogs.  There are actually a few places in Vegas that sells them now but this place is the best of the bunch IMO.Out of all the times I have eaten here, I only ordered the hot dogs so my review is strictly about them.I miss Chicago-style hot dogs a lot and when I get a bad hankering for one, I will go here.  Yes, the prices are a bit high but you are paying for something not easily found in Las Vegas.  Also consider they have to ship in much of their stuff from Chicago such as the Vienna Beef Hot Dogs.These hot dogs have the authenticity complete with poppy-seeded buns and Vienna Beef hot dogs.  The taste has always been right and the buns have never been stale.  They even serve Jay's Potato Chips!I have also tried Bono's on Warm Springs and Chicago Hot Dogs on Rancho.  Neither are as good IMO.Because I am getting an authentic representation of something I crave badly, this place gets 5 stars from me.
2	I'm a Chicago native living in Vegas for a while now and I get the usual cravings for Chicago food.I was in the mood for hot dogs tonight so I decided to try Tasty Dogs for the first time. I've read the other reviews here and I really wanted this place to be great, but unfortunately it didn't live up to them.Although they had all the right ingredients, Vienna beef dogs, neon green relish, poppy seed buns, sport peppers, etc, the final dogs served to me were pretty sub par.First- one of the buns had a stale end- like the end was hanging out of the package and dried up. How do you serve a customer a rock hard bun? Next they really skimp on the toppings, Two TINY slices of tomato (seriously looked like they sliced a cherry tomato as thin as possible. A pickle spear on the dog looked like it was shaved off the pickle with a vegetable peeler. Then just a bare minimum of the other toppings covered the dog.I understand this stuff is mostly all shipped in from Chicago and it's expensive, but I'm paying a premium- the 2 dog special is $8.99 + tax!!! For that kind of money, give me a decent topped dog on a fresh bun! I felt pretty gypped.The one good thing I can mention are the hand cut thin fries- very tasty.I may go back and try the gyros and Italian beef and hope it gets made with a little more care. Maybe I just had an unusual bad experience.
4	I ordered the hot dog and the Italian Beef. I grew up in Chicago and the food here is definitely authentic and tasty.  I took away half a star because the staff needs to get it together.  The wait was a little long, IMO and after my wait, they had gotten my order wrong!  As I waited, another woman had also gotten her order prepared wrong.  Also, I know shipping must be expensive for the authentic items but I think they are overpriced on some things. I mean, c'mon, a grilled cheese is almost $5!   I think the Italian Beef is priced decent since I know Scala Beef is expensive.  The food is delicious though and when you think about it, how much was your total at McDonald's or the like when you are ordering off the regular menu.
3	I go back and forth on this establishment - waivering between 2 and 3 stars. I'm feeling generous today, and my last visit here was decent - so 3 stars. I love Chicago dogs, and for awhile, this was the closest Chicago dog place to me. I will say that it has gotten better over the past year.The hot dog itself is good. And they do Chicago-style right. But the ingredients aren't the best quality. The tomatoes are mushy and really thin slices, etc. The fries are ok. They're shoestring and sometimes undercooked.The place is a little messy looking - tables not quite clean, etc. The Coke on the fountain machine is always "out of order". And they never seem to get my order right - though, this is usually to my advantage, giving me a free extra hot dog, etc.So, all in all, it's alright. There are better places, but there are also worse places.
5	OK I'm from Chicago and ill tell you this place is great. i just went there today (1/15/11).  another time in a  series of many visits. they have awesome food and very great pricing. the stuff on the walls from Chicago reminds me of home. the place also offers patio seating which i always use. Chicago tasty dogs is a do not miss when looking for some real Chicago style  food. when you sit on the patio they deliver your food for you.......the only draw back is there sodas are small but you can refill them many times. also the guy that's working there is one hot guy. i know hes from Boston cause i asked him. if your in Henderson hit up Chicago tasty dogs.
3	Lard alert fatso!Can you say oil-soaked fries? WOW! I'm not from Chicago but if the fries here are an indication we can probably guess they played a crucial role in Chris Farley's diet. Enough about the french heart attack. The dogs are what I come here for and they are delicious. I've also had the gyro here and it's pretty good. The place is a little hole in the wall but it's authentic and serves up some decent food. I love the Chicago memorabilia on the wall. The staff there is always friendly and nice. If you're in the mood for some yummy dogs (or a random heart attack) head on over to CTD and get yer fix.
4	Great dogs just like Chicago and I love pizza puffs. But it is not cheap like Chicago.
3	I was in the mood for a hotdog and this place is close to home-it's also right next door to a few other eating establisments that I frequent like Yummy Sushi,Nothin Bundtcakes and No.1 Boba...Number one reason why I don't give more stars is because honestly I feel like it's dirty inside and hell maybe I'm crazy and it's really not but I can't help but feel that way right when I step inside.It just feels crowded, sticky and uninviting to sit down inside.OK on to the hotdogs-I have not been here in 2yrs so it's been a while-I got a regular hotdog topped with grilled onions,tomato,mustard and mayo- The BF thought this sounded gross but it was delish!!!The poppyseed bun was soft, the grilled onions were perfect-I have to say I enjoyed this hotdog to the fullest. Like I have stated before I am more of  a potato wedge (thick cut fry) kinda gal so it shouldn't surprise anyone that I didn't care for the fries here as they are very thin.The BF got a hamburger with fries that he enjoyed but didn't think it was great. Well, I know one thing- they know how to make delish hotdogs that are worth all those calories.So yes, for my hotdog craving I wouldn't hesitate to come back here but I'll just order it to go....
3	My sister and I came here for lunch the other day, I had a Gyro and she had a Chicago dog and we split a tamale. My gyro was ok, the onions were cut WAY big and the sauce tasted like sour cream instead of cucumber, but her hot dog was awesome and the fries were the BOMB. The tamale had a weird chili flavor so we didn't finish it. I LOVED that they had the news on all of their tv's, and had current issues of Chicago newspapers to read. It seemed like a nice place to sit down and read the paper and enjoy a dog.
1	Nothing really great about this place. They've got nice posters on the wall, but that's about it. Their fries are mediocre at best, and the dogs are pricey. Oh and instead of having a baseball game on like they should, they decided for some odd reason to have fox news on. Bad choice.Go to weinersnitzel's on eastern/serene instead. You're not missing anything, and it's cheaper.
4	Excellent service, chicago decor, and solid / consistent food.Ignore the negative reviews and give this place a shot....minus one star for highish prices for dogs and fast food
1	I have avoided this place for a long time because of price.  I always go to Hot Dog Heaven because they have the best prices on this side of town and they are always consistent.  BUT this review is not about them...I decided to try this place again last night and was very disappointed.  The service was good but here were the issues:1. Biggest issue, I was told I could not just order a hot dog by itself.  I wanted just 2 dogs by themselves.  I was FORCED to either get 2 dogs with fries or 2 dogs with a drink at a cost of over $9.002.  The buns were not kept in a warmer so they were cold and the pickle was so cold it made the dogs cold.3.  Very little seaseme seeds only on top so the buns are not the same as a traditional dog.At Hot Dog Heaven which I will go to today, you can get a dog for about $2.75 without being forced to purchase anything else.  At the place above I was told that a hot dog with fries which is close to $6.00 that the only thing he can do is take .50 off which still makes a dog twice as much as a dog at hot dog heaven.Being from Chicago I really wanted this place to be successful because it is close to where I live but over the years, the prices keep going up and the frills keep going down....sorry but never again for me at this place...
2	There is nothing special about these hot dogs. And the price of $7 is a bit steep. Plus you get diahrrea after eating here. And the place is kinda dirty. There is 3" of grease on the walls and ceiling and the tops of the garbage cans are full of old food and ketchup stains. What would it take to wipe the place down? Geese I hate eating in filthy restaurants.
2	give them 2.5 stars but i am forced to round and i rounded down. Service good, dogs decent but food a little pricy and they have coke. that keeps me from going there more. I like dogs so find myself stopping by on my way out of Target.
4	I had some doubts about the quality of medical care in Las Vegas after visiting a doctor last week who first diagnosed me with depression and then gave me a prescription instructing me to eat more hot dogs.  That just didn't seem right.  But sitting in front of the computer now, with a belly full of hot dog, I've never been happier.  And if a doctor instructs you to eat more hot dogs, there are few places in town serving a better frank than Chicago Tasty Dogs.  I've read the negative reviews on here, but my experience has been completely different.  This place serves up the best Chicago dog in town.  The tomatoes and onions were fresh, the relish was neon green, the pickle wedge sliced right, and two pickled sport peppers to top it all off.  And the Vienna Beef hot dog was perfect.The chili cheese dog was pretty good--delicious cheese sauce, but the chili was just decent.  I'm not the biggest fan of the fries here, but I will say they are the closest thing to Chicago shoestring fries -- a little gritty, but crisp with a slight paper bag feel to them.For those refugees from Chicagoland living in the desert, this place is home away from home.  The walls are covered in Chicago memorabilia.  And if you're missing the Windy City, this place will feel like home.5 stars for the Chicago dog, their hot dogs in general, the cheese sauce, and great customer service.  Minus one star for high(er) fast food prices ($9-10 for 2 dogs, small fries and small drink) and mediocre fries.
3	The name says most of the story... They are tasty... But they aren't cheap! The people who work here are certainly friendly and enough so that I can over look all the Cubs, Bears and Bulls stuff hanging on the walls. Its located in the Target shopping center by my house so its easy to get here when I have a craving for a dog or two, but there are better options in this immediate area so choose wisely.
1	I've been into Chicago Dogs lately and have found a few excellent stands in Las Vegas.  Sadly this was not one of them.  I somehow even managed to get food poisoning from this place which ruined the rest of my day.   I don't mind paying for great food, but I have to agree that $9 for a poorly constructed dog and a few soggy fries is a bit much.  My pickle was a sliver which consisted of the outer SKIN of the pickle and very little else.  My bun broke because it was too dry, and it was generally a sloppy mess.  I realize true vintage style often includes blackened door jams but I could have done without seeing the grime on the windows and walls. Bad reviews are not my thing, I have a few businesses myself and I know how challenging it can be to service the public, but the food poisoning was just not easily overlooked.  I would not recommend.
5	Ate there again and I will always put this place first over other spots to stop and eat...tasty food always a chill spot
