5	When I started UBBC I could not run one lap around a track without stopping, and after 6 months of attending boot camp I am a changed person.  I lost 10 pounds.  I gained muscle.  I improved my strength and endurance.  And I recently finished a Sprint Triathlon with support from my trainer and my boot camp friends.  The support is there for you too!  The variety of these workouts will keep you going back for more.  Sign-up today if you're looking for a new workout routine, you won't regret it.
5	I love UBBC! I have been doing this bootcamp off and on for years its great! I am starting again now to get whipped back into shape.
5	Ultimate Body Bootcamp is grueling! But I love the workout after I'm all done! Working out with a group of people helps me stay motivated. I also like the additional ways to get involved - newsletters with good nutrition info, short or long races, hikes, charity bootcamp, and more. Camps are Valley wide. Check out the 2010 Best of the Valley winner - your body will ultimately thank you for it!
5	I have tried everything.. Gyms.. always found an excuse to not go, I would get bored. Running.not a fan. DVDs after 3 weeks I would imagine I was too busy. Then I stumbled upon this gem. I got in on a great deal for 4 weeks. The deal lets just say was to good to not pass up that if I didnt use it, no regrets. But I went all 4 weeks, never missed a day. I lost 8 lbs in the first 2 weeks and I am sooo much stronger. I enjoy it because Im held accountable. Trust me you will get called out by your peers if you are not pulling your weight, so to speak. Its so fun and so worth the effort and I feel fantastic after its over. I loved it so much I signed up for another 12 weeks! My trainer is Lisa at the Thompson Peak/Bell location and shes funny and tough.  She doesnt yell at you and lets everyone go at their own pace unlike some of the other military style trainers but dont be fooled her class is not for the lazy. Your ass will be kicked... the results are there for the taking but you're not going to get them if you dont push yourself. LOVE LOVE LOVE BOOTCAMP!
5	I'm adding an update because I continued with UBBC for another 6 months after my first review.  During the year I worked out at bootcamp I lost a total of 24 pounds.  It has changed my life in more ways than I describe.  I highly recommend signing up for the 10-session nutrition class in addition to attending bootcamp.  You'll learn how to eat properly for your metabolic type, and how to avoid the toxins that are present in the American diet.  This is not even close to a fad diet, it's about clean eating and living.
2	I did this "boot camp" for a month after purchasing a Groupon where it was only $30, and I am glad that I didn't pay much more for it.  It is much less of a boot camp, as it was just a fitness class.  I was wanting to someone to push my limits, yell at me to run faster, and be more Drill Sargent-like (it's boot camp, right?)!   Alas, it was very similar to a group class they offer at LA Fitness - light running, some hand weights, some squats.  I was VERY disappointed that we were not measured or even weighed when the class started and when the class ended.  I felt like that should be something standard!  So, I honestly have no idea what difference this class made (if any) to my body...my pants aren't fitting any looser, but I would like to think I lost a little something.Our instructor was definitely an alert, positive ball of energy at 5:30am which was nice...but, still, I didn't feel like I was being pushed to my limits.  All in all, this class was fine for $30/month, but I would NEVER pay the $100+/month that it normally costs since I can find the same class at my gym.
3	I did UBBC for 1 month.  I jumped on a cheap Snag-N-Save offer, and I really liked it.  4 weeks for like $35 I think.It was a nice, physical work out.  Not grueling, with people passing out & being taken to the ER or anything.  I believe for the full price, you can find much better.  I wouldn't pay any more than what I did pay for this "boot camp."  After the final workout, we weren't measured to show how much weight or inches we lost.  Which was very disappointing.  The boot camp was more like a training class at the YMCA or something.   Not very professional either.  Just my two cents...
5	Some may say that I am obsessed with my new fitness routine. I'm kind of all over the place when it comes to types of exercise  but  I literally love waking up and going to this class, which I never imagined possible. I am on week two and already see and feel resutls. So the comments in other previous reviews I just read really left me confused. So I need to clarify some things.We were weighed in on our first class and I really do feel pushed in this program.  I mean, you always control your own workout. If you don't feel it, you're not trying. Richelle is awesome too. I come home laughing and repeating the shit she says in there all the time, even my boyfriend is quoting her and he's never set foot in there. The chick is funny. I like her attitude and committment to lightingly embarassing you in a comical way to encourage you with the humorous reality of your situation. I need someone to motivate me like that. It makes it fun. And trust me I am a lot more conscious of doing the exercises the right way in there with out half assing it, dropping my ass too low, or sticking it out in the air during push up crawls. She switches it up everyday so I never know what to expect. The whole class suffers together too. We feel each others pain, laugh when someone cracks a joke, and walk out feeling freaking great and wide awake. I was one week in when I bought my second package because I trust her and know that this working for me. I would recommend this to anyone for a fun way to get in shape fast. I felt like I was going to puke when I got home today and thats serious. Richelle says you get a free tshirt if you puke. So if you ask me, thats  a victory not a defeat.   :)
5	I instantly saw results after two weeks of boot camp. It gave me energy, confidence, and strength. I did the groupon and after my first month nothing compared, which is why I'm going back!
5	Fun and affordable!
5	Worth every penny! Been running and doing my own weight training routine for over a year, trying to lose that last 10 baby pound to no avail. Lost 3 lbs in the first 3 weeks, and seeing the difference already. Signed up for another month - knowing that this is exactly what my body needed to rev up my metabolism. The classes can be intense, but fun, and at your own pace - with folks from different walks of life with varying levels of fitness :)
5	I've gone to Ultimate Body Boot Camp for about 5 months and i LOVE working out here!  The trainer, Richelle, is awesome.... she keeps it fun, and she is hilarious!! Anyone who says otherwise needs to put their big girl panties on..... seriously!! ;0)  She challenges you, but not in an intimidating way that makes you want to never come back.... she challenges you in a way that makes you want to do your best!  I love getting a workout so good that it's hard to walk the next day..... and this is the place to get it!
2	Purchased this as a groupon.  Bad idea.  I have to say my experience was exclusive to the scottsdale location.  I hope the other locations were better. Major overcrowding.  Teacher seemed annoyed that so many people were there to the point where she didn't correct anyone's form and just chatted up the groupies. Two friends hurt their knees in these classes from lack of guidance on proper form. Customer service is non-existent.  The trainer wasn't very nice or pleasant, I am not paying for someone to be a jerk to me and also not train me properly.
5	I started at Ultimate Body Bootcamp through a Groupon I purchased. Now 5 months later I am still going because I am addicted! Richelle is an outstanding trainer. She constantly pushes you to do your best and is a wonderful motivator. I love the work outs because Richelle switches things up and makes working out fun and not monotonous. I would highly suggest UBBC to anyone!!
2	I don't really like to leave bad reviews but I wanted to leave this one as an FYI before anyone pays good money for this boot camp...I purchased this bootcamp via groupon and very glad I did not pay more... I was looking for a good kickstart to get back in shape after recovering from an ankle injury and I ended up choosing to work out on my own instead by the end of the 2nd week.The main problem here was the instructor.  He was not punctual at all - he would arrive early but then waste several minutes talking to friends in the class while waiting for people to show up.  In my opinion, the class should have started promptly for those of us who arrive on time.  And the whole chatting with friends thing would continue for the entire session.  Instead of walking around, correcting form, encouraging people, answering questions, yada yada, he would just wander over to the folks he knew and chat them up.  I had to wave him over to ask a question at one point.  He also had really negative opinions about other workouts and told people that spin class was bad for you and that there is no point in running a half marathon, everyone should just do the whole thing.  I'm confused... aren't you supposed to be encouraging people to be healthy and exercise?! If I had paid full price I would absolutely be asking for my money back.  I've heard great things and maybe the other trainers are awesome, but think twice before you spend money on this.  You might be better off going to the gym or doing an at-home video.  And this is coming from someone who loves the idea of getting up early to exercise outdoors... Good luck!
5	Richelle is still by far my favorite trainer. I started with UBBC because I looked in the mirror and hated what I saw. Being short at only 5'1, I saw a weight gain that had amounted to 25 to 30 pounds but looked like 50 on my small frame. My boyfriend at the time encouraged me and I signed up for the yearly "challenge." After the first day I came home and cried that I could not handle the workouts. My boyfriend told me it would get better and to stick with it. For the next few weeks I would go back dreading dying after each workout. Then suddenly, I got on the scale and poof, I had lost 5 pounds! It was working. I also noticed I began to feel stronger.I ended up continuing with UBBC and also trained for my wedding along with my then encouraging boyfriend who became my husband and who won the 2010 challenge losing 40 pounds! I got down to 20% body fat and 114 pounds. I thank Richelle for all of her work and getting me to finally workout. Whether it was running my first 5k with the group, making friends or just laughing, I enjoyed all the workouts. I have since moved to California but I have continued to workout and maintain my 114 pounds and I have to credit Richelle for helping me change my life forever and my husband's who was once 275 and now hit the 199 pound mark! UBBC is a steal. Let's just say one month in UBBC price would equal one week in a California bootcamp. I thank you Richelle, I just wish you could move to California now!
5	I bought the groupon, did the class, saw changes in my body, laughed at the drill sergeant, purchased a year, still doing the class, my body is almost back to my prime days, my confidence is higher than my prime days, I recommend.  If it doesn't work for you its probably because you eat unhealthy foods or drink too much.
5	After reading some of the bad reviews I felt the need to speak up because I love this Boot Camp.I have been going to the South Scottsdale location(Wilshire Plaza) with Richelle as the main trainer for around 6 months or so.  I have been working out since 15 years old and absolutely hate the gym at this point.  I always look for something new to hold my interest and change it up when it comes to staying in shape.  UBBC is exactly what I needed.The workouts are different every day.  Some days you are inside, some outside, some days you are on your own, other days you partner up or run circuits.  There are always new faces and the group setting is very motivational for me.  I personally get bored out of my mind lifting weights by myself, while surrounded by a bunch of meatheads at the gym.  Again, UBBC is a great alternative to that.  I generally do UBBC 2-3 times a week and hit the gym or go biking and hiking on the off days.  It is a good mix.The workouts are grueling some days and other days not as bad, but still very challenging.  There is never a day when I think "oh, this is so easy".  I always leave the class sweating bullets and feeling good.  To anyone who thinks "this is just like a class at the gym", I don't know what gym you go to, but I have never experienced workouts like these at LA Fitness.  I honestly think you're full of s$%t.Richelle is a great trainer and I love being pushed to work harder.  I don't know anyone who can motivate themselves to workout this hard on their own.  If you can, friggen good for you man,.  This is again why I like UBBC.  I saw someone bitching about the cost and attention they got.   If you don't think Richelle or your trainer "gives you enough 1 on 1 attention" go get a personal trainer and see how much they cost.  Usually they are $100 an hour.  At 3 days a week that is $300 a week, $1200 a month.  When you break down what you get, this class is far cheaper then a personal trainer on a monthly basis and most trainers won't push you this hard.  If you need advice, she will certainly talk to you before, after class or via email.  She can't possibly give 30+ people 1 on 1 attention at the same time and run the class simultaneously.  Doesn't take a rocket scientist to understand that...If you want someone to hold your hand and change your diaper, this probably isn't the class for you.  Richelle has a sarcastic sense of humor and I can see where some people might be caught off guard sometimes.  It isn't because she is "mean or insensitive to your issues", it is because you simply don't "get it" and are most likely taking what she says the wrong way.  I have never felt insulted or as if she she doesn't care about injuries or limits.  I have had a few injuries and as long as she knows about them, she will recommend alternative exercises to avoid further injury or discomfort.I have gotten much stronger since starting and I have no plans to stop.  I assure you, if you come here for 3 months. work hard, don't miss a day and eat right, you will see great results.  If you don't eat right and show up once a week, don't waste your time because no one can help you.Anywho, definitely don't let the whiners and lame reviews steer you off.  I can't speak for the other locations, but Wilshire Plaza is a great group of core people and Richelle is great.  I dare you to come to one of these classes and tell Richelle it isn't challenging enough...haha.  Wow...I can't even imagine a human who would feel that way...And no, I didn't write this to get on Richelle's good side or kiss her ass.  If you know Richelle, you know that's a battle I can't win.  ;)
4	My friend convinced me to sign up for this boot camp and I did totally afraid of the 5:30am start time at indian school and 56th. I am the complete opposite of a morning person but after the first day, I felt absolutely great! The instructor does a great job of keeping it light but still pushing you to try harder. Now, I look forward to waking up early and getting my workout in. It really does help improve the rest of your day and provide a great kickstart to getting back in shape.
1	It's good thing i bought a groupon for this, I would have been super pissed if I paid full price and got this lame workout in return..   I went to the Tempe location at 5:30 am class for four weeks.  I finished the class but was extremely disappointed in not only the trainer but the owner.  Liz was our instructor, during the first class she yapped about how "funny" she thinks she is, talked about NYC and about how she was going to make us puke for 45 minutes, then we worked out for 15 minutes. whoopee!   it didnt surprise me that tons of people never came back...   without going into much more detail, the workouts were boring, the location was filthy, Liz was late every single class except 3, but she did have time to stop and get Starbucks on several occasions which she drank during our workouts with some of the male students.  Really??  It really wasn't a challenge, I did not puke or ever feel like I was going to, she did not build my confidence, and the workouts were lame,duck-duck-goose was on the agenda, Liz spent more time looking in the mirror and texting than she did actually teaching the class.  This workout and the instructor belong in a Jr High PE class not an "ultimate boot camp".  She did not care if anyone actually did the workout and the ones who were not working got to chat with Liz while she waiting for the people who were actually working.  I wrote Richelle with my complaints shortly before the class ended and she said "I appreciate your feedback.  I wish that you had reached out to me sooner so that I could have had an opportunity to discuss this with you.  I wish you the best."  It too bad no one really cares what the experience you have at this so called Ultimate boot camp.  I kept thinking it was going to get better.. it never did.  They should change the name of the class to "Ultimate Jr High workout".  It was worth every bit of $2.41/class.
5	UBBC is definitely not closed - weird! I found Ultimate Body Boot Camp through Groupon - I thought it was a great deal. I chose the Windgate Crossing location, and it is definitely a challenging workout! What I love the most is that Ray gives a challenging workout, pushes you to do the best you can, but isn't obnoxious or in your face like the other boot camp I went to in North Phoenix. He's tough in a way that is motivating, not discouraging. I also love how Richelle, the owner, is so smart about nutrition. I have tried diet after diet over the years, talked to nutritionists, etc. and I learned more from Richelle about how eating affects your body than I did from anyone else.
