4	This place is located behind the Orchids Garden. You may pass it up and assume it's in the plaza with the restaurant. I went for a facial, I needed some pampering. Marianne is amazing!! This is a new location for her. My facial was 85 dollars and well worth it. It lasted longer than an hour but she did ask if that was ok. I didn't mind. I recieved the pomegrante peel along with some scrubs and a nice hand arm massage. Marianne seems very experienced and is really interested in getting to know her clients and their skin issues. i even walked out with some free samples!!  I will be back for a follow up. Since she is new to this location, her credit card machine isn't set up.. Bring cash and be ready to be put into relaxtion mode!!
5	I never really thought I could be enthusiastic about having hair ripped from my body, but a session with Marianne changed all that!  From the moment I walked into her mini-boutique I was extremely impressed.  She is a true professional, and made me feel very comfortable with the process, which is usually a painful one.   I've had other sessions elsewhere, but none have ever stood up to the treatment I get from her, and when we were done I actually felt refreshed.  The advice I got was invaluable, and I will continue to use her services.  As a guy she even has me comfortable about getting a facial in the future.   She's very knowledgable,and helped me understand the damage I have been doing to my skin.  I'm very glad to have found her!
5	She is absolutly fantastic- she did me and my male friend fabulously...
4	Marianne does a great job with Brazilians. She is located with in the Satsum Wellness center and has her own specific room there. She does a great job of making you feel comfortable while she's ripping the hair out. If you've never had one than I won't lie.. it does hurt. I can tell you that Marianne does her best to ensure that she doesn't cause too much pain and talks you through the process. She uses different waxes and uses a more sensitive wax for the more delicate areas. She does her best to make sure that she gets every last hair. Great job, clean shop and a good experience. I will definitely go back to her! Cost is average at about $65 plus tip. One last note... it is very easy to book appointments with Marianne. She takes appointment online via her website and is very accommodating. Also works Sundays and is open late.
5	This place is great. I needed a wax for an event in 2 hours and Marianne got me in with no appointment. She is professional, friendly, and got me taken care of with enough time for my event. I would recommend her for anyone needing a wax.
5	Great lady who really knows what she's doing!  You should check her out!
5	Very pleased with my experience here. I've been waxing for many years, and have tried so many salons here in town, and I have to say this was by far the least painful wax I have ever had. The wax Marianne uses was phenomenal, and with her expertise, I was in and out in 20 minutes. She does both men and woman's services, and with summer coming, I highly recommend you check her out!! *boys take note, no one wants to see a sweater at the pool :)
5	Marianne is amazing and she is definitely a professional. I was a quick process. I would definitely go again!
5	Marianne has completely changed how I view hair removal. I saw her first because of her fabulous reviews and a Groupon. Now, I see her because I can't imagine going back to shaving! As far as Brazillians go, I had no experience before going to see Marianne. She is in a clean office and is VERY professional. The pain is minimal (I didn't do anything before-hand - pain reliever, creme, ice, etc...) and totally worth the results. I wish I could let my armpit hair grow out long enough to wax, but...summer in Vegas is not kind in sleeves, so I guess I'll wait until winter!
5	If only I lived in Vegas, I would frequently see Marianne!  I was on vacation and decided last minute that I needed to surprise my man.  As any yelper would do, I yelped around the area for an esthetician.  Mind you, there were a lot around the area but for some reason I chose NAKED.  It was a gut instinct I tell ya. hehe  So, I noticed that she closes at 7p and it was around 5p.  She also has a website where you can get more info and book an appt but since it was close to 7p,  I immediately called her to see if I can get an appointment.  Thinking that she would turn me away, she actually took me in as her last customer!  that got me really excited!  First things first, the building isn't hard to locate, however the suite that her office is in was a bit confusing.  There are other businesses within this suite, so right when you get into the office, there is a reception table and because it was closing time no one was there.  However, there was a sign saying to wait in the waiting area and Marianne will come to get you.  So, I waited patiently.Marianne came out and greeted me with a huge smile and a welcoming vibe!  Walking into her office took me by surprise because other places where I've been in, there were rooms where you could undress.  But because of her small office, undressing happened right there which I didn't mind.  We all have the same thing! lolOverall experience,  Marianne has an awesome outgoing personality which I appreciate.  During the entire session, we just kept the conversation going and it kinda helped me to forget about my hairs being ripped off my skin. haha  She was quick and got me in and out within 30 min.  She did tell me that she will be moving her office soon to expand.  You should truly check her out.  She does offer other services and you can check out her website.  Wish I was there to get a facial. ;(
5	Best Wax EVER!! I found this salon on yelp. I have gone to BOX in the past and I was very happy, although this place is better!! She did a combo of hard wax and wax strips and it ended up not hurting as much. I will totally be back! The location was easy to find and had plenty of parking. The appointments were easy to make online. I decided at 4pm I wanted a wax and made an apt for 445 today. AWESOME!! My only complaint (not that it will stop me from going back) is that it seemed rather warm in the waxing room. $65 for everything removed. I also wanted an eyebrow wax, but I thought 25 seemed a little pricey for those so I will go to my usual place.Totally worth 65 for the brazilian!
5	Marianne is AMAZING. My first wax and I'm a believer. She's super sweet and made me feel so comfortable. Choose Naked when looking for a great place to get waxed in Vegas!
5	The first time I ever got a wax (a brazilian at that) was here and I came back! No, I'm not a sadist, it's just that Marianne is a very warm and welcoming character and helps guide you through the process. She even helps distract you during some of the more sensitive areas.She is very experienced with male brazilians and understands it's different for men than women. I'm a hairy arab, and she took it in stride. She seems to have experience with all kinds of body hair and she is meticulous to ensure she achieves the desired result.Marianne is also very professional and I could not recommend her more! If you are a guy thinking about getting a brazilian this is where you should go.
5	Getting waxed by Marianne as I write! She is sweet, professional, and keeps the pain at a minimum with the two types of wax she uses. Only downside - I have a new addiction and will probably NEVER buy another razor again! Buyer beware - go once and she'll hook you with her charm and great waxing skills!!
5	Marianne is such a great person that I thought this is how I want to start my review. She is so passionate about her profession, it's inspiring. She loves to help people and make them feel good about themselves. She is simply great as what she does and I always leave happy. Her new salon looks great too! It's very comfortable and it has a calm, zen-like feel as soon as you walk in. I used to swear I wouldn't go anywhere else than that P. Kitty place but I realized that it's the aesthetician that really makes your experience a good one and not how fast you can get out of there and Marianne definitely does that. Sure, getting a brazilian done in 15 minutes or less is great but at a place like Naked, the extra 10 minutes is well spent and it's nice talking to her.Marianne offers combo packages too so the more brazilians you buy, the more you save. I love this place and I recommend it to those who get brazilians elsewhere and to anyone who is thinking about getting brazilians or any other service she offers.
5	She is fantastic! I came into Vegas for the weekend and she squeezed me in last minute. Best Brazilian Ever! Wish I lived here. She's fast and great price!
5	Marianne is super friendly and professional. She has enough experience to understand when a customer needs distraction and when you can crack a joke. I left happy and baby smooth with a big smile on my face. I was on vacation when I went, but I recommend Naked to anyone looking to get rid of some excess hair. :)
4	walked in and i was surprise it was just like a doctor's office but there is no window, just a sign on the door that says to wait for someone to get you if you have an appointment.  Marianne is such an awesome lady.  she was fast and sociable and talked me through the whole procedure.  i got the braziilain wax.  it didn't hurt as much  as i anticipated and i didn't take any tylenol/advil before i went.  i'll definitely be going back.
5	I know, I know, seeing 5-stars for a wax bar seems strange! Although, this place really is better than the rest!! I have been calling this my bi-monthly wax joint for almost a year and I am a huge fan. Appointments: I always make same day appointments and the owner is very flexible. She does online booking which is nice. Price: reasonable and comparable with the other wax places in town. She offers a yelp check in offer. Wax quality: she had different types for thin and coarse hairs. This is great for those softer areas. Variety of services: she waxes EVERYTHING. My bf gets his nose/ear hair waxed. I personally get the Brazilian. Attitude: awesome. The owner makes you feel more like a best friend rather than some stranger ripping out your private hairs. She is very funny and I often find myself laughing between strips. Location: clean & easy to find. The owner is knowledgable about skin care as well.
5	I am a 53 year old male who decided on Naked for my first ever Brazilian wax. Actually my first waxing of any kind. The decision to make an appointment with Marianne was a good one. I originaly emailed to ask a few questions and she called me back with in minutes. She answered all my crazy questions. When i got there the place is decorated in a way to make it very tranquil. Marianne was professional and put me at complete ease. There was nothing i would really call painful in the experience as she took great care. I would highly recomend her services and will definetly be a returrninig customer. If you see this Marianne thank you so much for making the experience a positive one.
5	I've been coming for about 2 years now. I have no complaints. I love the place, price and most importantly Marianne. She's very understating when it comes to being gentle. She's awesome!!!! Wouldn't go anywhere else. I'm in the right place. This place rocks!!!
5	There are a few things I really loved about this waxing salon. First, I like the privacy aspect of their setup. When you walk in there is a small waiting room that is closed off from the treatment areas. After your wax, Marianne walk you out through a separate exit. So, you never see other clients (and they don't see you).Second, I like the ease and convenience of their online scheduling. It is easy to make appointments, change appointments, and cancel appointments. All services have prices and descriptions, too, so you always know what you're getting. The website is very user friendly! And, lastly, Marianne. She is kind, professional, and makes you feel extremely comfortable. I will definitely be a regular customer from now on!!
5	About a year ago I made the decision to get my first wax. I did a lot of research on it and I saw a groupon for Wax Naked. When I arrived Marianne greeted me, took me to her room and walked me through everything. A year later and I am still going to her! She makes you feel very comfortable. I won't go anywhere else!!
5	She loves natural products and that makes me happy. :)
5	Was back for my second ever brazilian wax. After my first experience six weeks ago i was totally at ease thanks to Marianne. She is skilled and makes the whole experience very easy. The facility itself is extremly clean and is decorated very elegantly in a manner that induces serenity. I would highly recomend this place. I am a regular customer for life.
5	Execellent customer service and privacy. Online scheduling and a very hassle free place. Top notch
3	The reason I gave this 3 stars and not less is because Marianne is very nice and the treatment room is very clean. YET: 1) I called to make an appointment the day prior, very clear that I wanted full legs/bikini/underarms. She claimed that all she heard was bikini and underarms. Regardless, she made time for me and was professional. I called NAKED due to the 5 STARS rating from so many people. 2) I have soft hair. After the wax, I got home and noticed there were a few clear full hair patches still left on both my legs that were still present yet just 'shortened', meaning that I basically had a bad 'shave' through waxing and payed a lot of money for it.3) The underarm was was extremely painful, which was not the case in previous wax sessions I have had for my underarms. There are still some hairs that were 'shortened' and will grow back right away.4) She did a good job with bikini for wearing a full bathing suit.I will likely not be returning, although she is very professional and very clean.
5	Marianne is the consummate professional whether you want to remove the whole enchilada or leave a little grass behind!
5	Marianne is amazing. I recently was out of town for vacation and had to go with someone else and let me tell you it was sloppy and not impressed at all. Marianne is so professional and so neat. She takes pride in her work and will do whatever she can to  make you happy and leave satisfied. I strongly recommend her. I have been going to her for 5 years and never would I go to anyone else in town. She's the BEST!!!!
5	Not sure it could have been a better experience for my first Brazilian.  I had had back waxes before and knew there'd be some pain and discomfort but it was manageable because Marianne was quick, informative and appeared to use good technique.   Professional, discrete without being made to feel you are doing something wrong (because it's not), clinical without feeling like your just another dollar bill.  Marianne is great, made me feel at ease, explained everything to my satisfaction and tried to minimize the inevitable pain.  Anytime I am in LV I am visiting her and may even have to fly in just to get the job done,
5	Marianne is awesome!! I found her on a Groupon a couple years ago, did my four sessions then went waxing hopping for a bit.  I returned this week and have no clue why I ever left.  She actually makes a Brazilian enjoyable.  As enjoyable as someone ripping your hair out can be at least!!  Marianne is very thorough and is so much fun to talk to while "getting serviced".  I have now purchased a package and vow not to stray again!
5	An extremely wonderful experience! I want to start off this was my first wax ever, and as a guy I was initially tremendously nervous about getting a Male Brazilian wax job. I had a few questions about the procedure and Marianne answered everything including the embarrassing stuff. After arriving we were greeted in a private waiting room where you can freshen up. We were promptly brought into one of the waxing rooms. it was comfortable smelled good and looked relaxing. As i said this was my first go at this sort of thing and i pretty much had to be walked through everything. Marianne took it slow told me what she was doing and was super professional. She let me know what to expect and did an incredibly thorough job! I am hooked for life as my wife really likes it as well. if you are a guy and you have never done this sort of thing before or even if you are experienced with this sort of thing I highly recommend you go to Naked. taylor
5	I've been coming here for about a year and started with really bad acne but now my skin has improved dramatically. I've had quite a few peels and facials and also learned to take better care of my skin. Naked is a place that is inviting to a dude. Marianne is very knowledgable about skin and products that she uses. She has a very professional approach and a warm personality. I never feel like I'm being taken advantage of, I appreciate her generosity  and honesty. I've been to other places for skin care and haven't had the results I've had here. I will continue to be a loyal client
5	This is a no brainier.  Couldn't make it easier...5 stars and online booking for appts...you don't have to get a PIN number either...it was so simple.  I don't live in Vegas, so I used all the great YELP reviews to guide me here rather than other places that came up on the yelp search.  I really wasn't into going to the Spas on the strip and pay those high prices for some technician who does manis, pedis, massage, oh and waxing.  I wanted a real waxing professional.  Marianne is that, indeed.  She was fast, relatively painless, comfortable, her place is spotless and her bed is comfortable....and she is a very sweet person.  She uses two kinds of methods...paper and no paper for the Brazilian.  Plucks and trims, if you want that.  :). There is no doubt I would come here every time I come into town and wish I could come here once a month for her...definitely a yes!  Stop looking and go to the web site now to make an easy online reservation!
5	Will definitely be coming back. Loved the service and Marianne was awesome! She made me feel comfortable and at ease considering it was my first time EVER getting something like that done. She was quick and talked to me so I wouldn't distract myself with the short spurts of pain, (not as bad as I thought!) Will definitely recommend, especially if it's your first time! (:Stef
5	I love this place.  Marianne is great.  Needed a quick back job and I was in and out in 20 minutes.  She is so personable also, you forget that you are paying her to sadistically yank hair from their roots, out of your body.  With very little pain.  I suggest Naked to everyone from beginners to professional waxer's, both men and women.And I smelled fabulous when I left.
5	I love Marianne! She's awesome! My oldest got a facial & her eyebrows done & my second oldest got his eyebrows done & I got my Brazilian too! Her services & advice are excellent & she works with you too! My family & I will be regulars from this day forward!
5	It's clean, private, and relaxed. Marianne was great and made me feel comfortable. She was very easy to talk to. I would recommend her for any type of wax, she is very quick and good at it. I will be a regular here :)
1	This was not a pleasant experience. Marianne seemed "off". She was pleasant but slurred her words like maybe she was on pain meds or has been drinking. She would forget mid sentence what she was talking about. Very odd interaction. Then after, she told me I had to pay cash. This would have been good to know before my appt as I had to run to an ATM to pay her. Then when I got home, I discovered she had left a strip of wax on me. I had to rip it off myself and that was like self torture. I was also very bruised and tender for 3 days after. Needless to say, I will not be back.
1	Took me a while to write this review but seeing how I rely on Yelp when I try new places I felt obligated. This was my first time experiencing any sort if wax treatment and I'm not sure I ever will again. The pain and treatment I can but the service I got here was terrifying! The owner was very friendly at first but then started talking about how someone is after her and how she thinks he injected her with something one day after work and then she jumped to talking about DEMONS! Yes! I'm serious! She said something was after her. I honestly believe she was high (and not on MJ) which is not a great experience when you are getting your wahoo waxed. After it was over she asked me to go pull cash because she said that when people pay with a card it doesn't release the money to her for a few days and she needed it now (so she could get a weekly and get away from her stalker). I thought I was going to get murdered. That being said...maybe she was going through something personal? Not sure but it was so uncomfortable. Overall, the wax was okay. I still noticed a lot of hairs on my legs and...other places. :(
1	I'm with Ashley A. on this one. First time to this salon but I won't be back. Went to have my legs waxed. Was actually able to secure a next-day appointment which was awesome. But the interaction with Marianne was odd, uncomfortable, and at times, scary. When I walked in, she poked her head out and said her wax was still warming up and it would be a few minutes. That happened several times. I had to wait nearly 40 minutes. When she finally came out to get me, she explained it was new wax, she'd been having problems with the machine, and there was a power outage earlier. She spoke so fast that I can't remember what else she said. Wish she'd called me ahead of my scheduled time to tell me about the delay so I could have done something productive with those 40 minutes. When she finally escorted me into the salon room, she started rambling about a homeless guy who'd stolen her business computer so she had to get a new one. Then said he was out to get her. It was seriously weird. Especially weird she'd be telling a new customer all these things.When she finished the waxing (and her odd stories), I pointed out several areas where I could see hair. She went over those again but said sometimes the wax pulls out only half the hair so you're basically left with stubble. I don't know if that's true or not but I was okay with just getting out of there. Fast.When I went to pay, just like she did with Ashley A., she said she couldn't accept a credit card because her computer was new. She suggested I sign up for some service (kind of like paypal) and submit payment that way. When I inquired about the service, she said she wasn't able to pull it up on her computer. So she told me there was an ATM nearby and I could go there. At this point, I was convinced wherever this ATM was, so would there be someone waiting for me. Yes, the paranoia had completely set in. Ultimately, I went to a bank nearby, pulled out cash, drove back over to Naked, handed her money and high-tailed it out of there. I don't know what is going on with this woman but things just didn't feel right. Beware.
5	I've been going to Marianne for almost a year.  I moved to vegas September 2013, and needed a wax. I searched the net and decided to go to her cause of the good reviews and it was close to my house.  I'm so glad I chose Marianne for my waxing needs. Marianne is very knowledgeable when it comes to skin. She takes her time and is very thorough. She's told me that if I had any stubborn ingrowns I could drop in and she'd take care of it. Very professional and caring.
5	I was able to book my appointment a day before.  I got there 15 min late and she still took me.  Marianne is very warm and welcoming.  She genuinely wanted to know about me, not like your typical generic I'm pretending to be interested convo (pretty kitty). She's very real. High energy for sure. I felt very comfortable with her doing such a personal thing.  She was honest from the beginning about the result that I would get, not completely clean brazilian.  It's been a while since I've had my last one. She does only take cash so be prepared.
4	I found Naked on Yelp and was intrigued by the extreme dichotomy of the ratings. All but two were exceptional. The two negative reviews were what intrigued me. I figured that maybe Marianne was having a bad week, or there was a personality clash, or it was a complete train wreck of an operation. Whichever it was, I wanted to find out!I made an appointment online, figuring that it would either be awesome or extremely creepy, which would have been fun to experience (in a guy kind of way). Plus I prefer to support local small businesses whenever possible. When I arrived, Marianne led me into the room and gave me a visual evaluation as I undressed. I came for just the ass and crack, but she pointed out a couple of spots on my back (damn it!). I let her start with the back and, upon seeing the amount and length of hair, was glad that she suggested it.Marianne is not what I would call your stereotypical aesthetician. She was candid and personable, not plastic and phony. Like most people, she has her issues, both personal and professional. I found it refreshing that she was so open about the hand that she's been dealt.As it turned out, I had a very enjoyable time and received a great waxing in my nether region. The waxing wasn't painful, and the oils that she massaged into my skin reduced the sticky wax feel and got the blood flowing, if you know what I mean. Marianne didn't seem to mind. I left clean, relaxed and..., ahem, alert. My wife loves the smooth feeling, so count that as a second positive review.
5	Booked a last minute appointment on a Saturday. Marianne is awesome she made me feel comfortable since it was my 1st Brazilian wax. She talked to me to distract me from the pain. I will definitely go back again
