4	Mmm...Ben & Jerry's ice cream on a hot summer day.  Is there anything better?  This Ben & Jerry's store is convenient to our home and I love that the store looks like a little house.  It gives it that small-town ice cream stand feel.  They have gobs of flavors, just like the grocery stores pack in their freezer section, and it's always tough deciding which one.   There isn't a lot of seating inside, and what there is feels tightly packed, but there's just enough seating to eat quick and leave.  (I guess they don't want people hanging out dripping ice cream all over their laptops or anything.)   More outdoor seating would be nice, though!  (hint, hint)Being that it's so close (and SO HOT in the summer in Charlotte), we'd probably go to Ben & Jerry's more often if not for the pricing.  I have a hard enough time buying their pints at full price in the grocery store so I wait for a sale.  $4-$5 for an ice cream cone?  When you have five people, that adds up.  Quick.
4	I always like driving by this Ben & Jerry's since it's right off of Fairview and on the way home from a trip to Southpark (for me).  It's a plus and minus at the same time since I can always feel the wheel of the car wanting to turn in and grab a cone or cup.There are many flavors to choose from as well as a variety of options to take in ice cream from shakes to cones and sundaes... it's probably a good bed that you can find a flavor you like - plus they let you sample some if you can't decide right then and there.My last visit, I was just driving through so I needed something that was pretty mobile.  I went with a shake... it was good, but I kinda felt a little cheated since the pictures on the menu versus what you actually get are a little misleading.  Same goes for the regular cones and things... yes, it's Ben & Jerry's, but man I just wish it was priced a little better for the hard working joe-schmo like me.  [In retro spec... I guess it was was priced better, I would probably be 10 lbs heavier and in the store every day consuming everything in sight - mental picture of me as a godzilla monster and all the cute little ice cream cones running in terror].
3	I like and support the philosophy of Ben and Jerry's and I know that high quality comes at a price, so that is not what made this experience just ok.It was not my delicious sundae either.  Say it with me now: soft brownie sundae with strawberry ice cream and hot fudge.  Yes please.The thing was, when we walked into the place it had a faint odor of... well it kind of smelled like... urine?  Not overwhemlingly, just this brow and nose twitchworthy background scent.  Just makes me maybe want to go to a different location...
3	Great ice- cream great service; they let is sample everything until I settled for the cocoanut 7 layer bar on the biggest cone they have. Best ice-cream I had in a long time. My daughters loved it! Just wish they had pistachio flavor had to settle for the half pint from the freezer.
4	Not a big ice cream fan but enjoyed it. Service was quick considering how time consuming some of the stuff is. Outdoor seating is small, that's really my only complaint.
