4	While this is truly not a 5-star restaurant, I give it 4 stars for a variety of factors: Cost, Quality and their Dessert.Overall the menu is quite un-exciting: pasta, chicken, salads; your typical Italian faire.  The cost, however, for many of the dishes is half of what you might pay at a similar restaurant on the strip.  All-you-can-eat pasta in many different styles is $7.99.  While it doesn't show this on the menu, it is advertised throughout the casino.  Add to this the dark, romantic atmosphere and the appropriate music and you may have a nice date here (except for when someone like me brings his little kid who makes a lot of noise).The quality of the food is quite good though it is just common Italian restaurant faire.  I always enjoy my meal and it's accessories (soup, salad, bread).  Do not fill up on the bread, of course, as all-you-can-eat ends up being one plate (the portions are quite large for one plate).Lastly, the dessert was a surprise (though again, for an Italian restaurant, not so surprising).  Usually I will take my son to the bakery in Palace Station and let him pick something out.  However this time the waitress asked if we would like dessert and I asked what they had.  She mentioned Gelato (an Italian ice-cream type dessert).  When I asked her how much, she stated it was $1.99 for each (flavors like Cappucino, Pistachio and Vanilla Bean to name a few).  I expected a small, small portion but again the portion was large and we were thoroughly satisified with what we had ordered.In summary, Pasta Palace at Palace Station is an excellent choice for an Italian dinner (hours are from 5pm to around Midnight).  On Mondays the dinner is $19.99 per person as local crooner Wes Winters performs a classic Vegas-style dinner and a show (I have not been to this but it sounds like a nice time).Since I am the first to review this, I hope others check it out and add their input.
2	We found Pasta Palace by running into it while getting a Starbucks at The Palace Station, which is a very budget oriented hotel.  Surprisingly Pasta Palace turned into a gem; the food was quite good, the prices were downright cheap and the service was good given that the hotel Palace Station is an absolute dump.  But alas, it didn't last...while in bankrupcy, the hotel is cutting costs everywhere and on our last trip to Pasta Palace, the food quality went down in a big way; the portions cut considerably and the prices went up.  It now looks and feels like fast food Italian, which is  too bad.  But if you want really inexpensive Italian and food quality isn't a consideration, it could be a decent choice but it's not the gem it once was.
4	I used to absolutely love the Pasta Palace because of the endless pasta meal for $9.99. Back in the day, I could put down 2 whole plates of pasta... Unlike most places that do the endless thing, Pasta Palace does it right - the pasta was high quality and extremely tasty... Besides that they also gave you endless salad and my personal favorite - roasted garlic!I've heard that they've stopped doing the endless pasta meal, which saddens me :( Hopefully they bring it back!They have plenty of other options that I've tried that are also very good and reasonable... I would definitely recommend this place... Its off the strip, which is part of the reason why the prices are more reasonable... And I understand that lots of locals eat here. If you have a way to get there, do it!
4	This is a very traditional Italian restaurant, and I stuck with the basics of a caesar salad and spaghetti with meatballs.  The salad was very good, as was the spaghetti and the meatballs were excellent.  For dessert, I had the cannoli and that was also above average.  Prices are very reasonable, as dinner for two, that included dessert for both of us, was only around $44.I will gladly come back here again.
3	I had received my bi-monthly $10 free dining credit from the Station Casinos Player's Club, so I decided to try it out on this place.I walked up to the host stand, and was greeted right away and sat only moments later. I wouldn't say this is necessarily the place you'd take a date, as there was something un-romantic about the place, but it was nice and quiet.The waitress was a really nice older woman. She kept trying to convince me to get the special, though I was firm and ordered the Rigatoni Bolognese ($11).While I waited for the main course, the bus-boy brought out a basket of bread with garlic butter. There were two types of bread in the basket, the breadsticks that one can find at any of the Station Casino buffets, and also some regular French Bread. They were both pretty good.The Rigatoni Bolognese was actually pretty good. I liked the use of veal in the sauce, as it gave it a great flavor. The portion size was pretty decent too, and I was pretty well full by the end of the meal. After all was said and done, with my coupon, I only owed $1.08. With the tip, this was still a pretty good deal.Overall, average Italian food with average prices.
2	We only came here because we had $30 worth in coupons which we didn't want to waste. I don't remember how we got them but they were about to expire.Showed up with no reservation and ended up waiting for close to an hour just for a table to free up. Once seated we were giving menus and never checked on for half an hour, no drinks or something to munch on. After placing our orders we waited again this time for almost an hour, I was this much to just leaving remembered about those coupons.  The service was so incredibly slow. As for the food, it was pretty OK and portions were nice. Prices wasn't that bad, most dishes were around $10 with some a bit more because it was seafood.  We had the grilled chicken broccoli (liked), linguini and clams (disliked), shrimp scampi (disliked), and another dish which was the chef's special  of the night (liked).  Appetizers were fresh tomato bruschetta, $6.99 was a bit pricey and nothing special for  4 tiny pieces considering unlimited bread sticks and dipping sauce was only $3.99. Which the server didn't even mention or recommend, how do you know even mention bread sticks when eating pasta especially with olive oil and balsamic vinegar on the table.  Most places this would be complementary. And after almost 3 hours from beginning to end we probably could have gone upstairs to their buffet and have just as good pasta made with other kinds of food in half that time.
5	This is classic Italian fare, prepared wth care.  Portions are generous; prices are reasonable and the service was superb.  Pizzas looks appealing; our chicken entrees were delicious.  The Caesar salad was served with a chilled fork; the minestrone soup was teeming with vegetables.  The tiramisu practically melted in your mouth.  Staff seemed well-trained, knowledgable and attentive, but not overly so.  This was a memorable dining experience in  location where I was expecting mediocrity.  What a wonderful surprise!
5	I love this restaurant  We first went here a couple of months ago for dinner.  I wasn't expecting much because of the location, but I was wrong.  We have been back three times since then.  The food is delicious.  Chef Jeremy is Amazing!  We have loved every dish we have tried.  My favorites are the Shrimp Scampi, Chicken Parmesan, Insalata Italiana, Pepperoni Pizza and the Caprese Salad.  I usually never get desert after dinner, but the Tiramisu was amazing.  The staff is very friendly, and there is usually no wait.  If you love great Italian food, you must try this place, you will not regret it!
3	For cheap Italian food in a casino in a pretty nice-looking setting, this place probably can be beat in LV.  Most dishes are under $10, house wine is $4, so not only is it a bargain, but the ambiance is nice, and the food is good.  The only downside is you have to walk through the Palace Station Casino to get there, so that takes it from a 4 to a 3 star rating.
5	The food was very good (we had chicken picatta, penne and sausage, and shrimp scampi).  The service was also very good.  And the best part was the price!  We had a top shelf martini (with Belvedere vodka), a big bottle of Pelligrino, and the three entrees mentioned above (which came with soup or salad), and the total bill was only  $41!
5	I think this place is comparable to Maggiano's for a fraction of the price, I think the baked Penne and it was wonderful, I will try something else next time but this place may become a regular stop once a week. The decor is very nice and such a bargin for the price the staff has been great both times one with my girfriend and the other we had a group of 6.
3	every time i've been here the food is pretty darn good.  the service, on the other hand, can be down right terrible.
4	Great value.  Always get an appetizer.  Their calamari and meatball sliders are excellent and under 6 dollars.  So far I've had the lasagna, and the frutti demar. Both of which are under 10 dollars and nice portions, they also come with soup or salad both of which taste food.  Martinis are 6 dollars a piece and are nice sized.  Dessert is a little small so we usually skip it.  Sure beats the Olive Garden.
4	Great value!  Loved the food.  Heads and Shoulders above the Broiler in the same hotel.  Will definitely make a point of eating there when we are in Vegas next.
1	Service and food was very slow. Messed up my order twice. My sons birthday and they forgot the cake. Nobody enjoyed... Overall...sucks!
5	Really impressed with the food, service, and atmosphere for being a restaurant inside a local casino.  Its a hidden gem inside a rough casino. And its quality foodservice comparable to Maggianos and Olive Garden for half the price. Definitely coming back!!!
