5	Grand opening of this premier training studio in Chandler. The studio is large with plenty of room for personal training and Group Fit classes. This is a top notch location and facility. I was first introduced to the two co-owners during personal training sessions many years ago. I only recently, within the past couple months, began working out at Funktional Fitness.  This duo has raised the bar in terms of personal training. Not only are you going to get a personalized, safe workout but also guidance in nutrition to make those workouts even more effective. The staff and customer service at Funktional is excellent and I have no doubt that the culture Luis and Jeremy have created in Gilbert will be just as present in Chandler. Each time I walk in to Funktional, I'm greeted like a part of the family. Well done, FunkFit!!
5	The best training studio in Arizona. From the moment you walk in, you are treated like you have been there forever. Luis and Jeremy have spared nothing to make this the best in Az. The trainers are all the best out there,numerous class times and all the latest equipment. All classes are led by a personal trainer, making sure you do all the movements correctly. Every day is a new theme class. No high pressure sales tactics and there are try it specials all the time. I have been a member going on my 3rd year and I would not want to go anywhere else. Like I said, the best in Az. But you try it and you will see.
5	I work out here every Friday with Coach Matt and it's every bit as good as the original Gilbert location.The studio is spacious and has just about everything you can think of to get you back into shape or to maintain your fitness levels.I do GroupFit and all the other members agree there is nothing like Funktional Fitness in the Valley .... the best of the best for sure!
5	I have been at Funk Fit for the past 4 months now. Every day, every work out has brought a new energy and strength I didn't know my body had.  My husband and I work out together and have already brought four more friends into the studio. It is something we love THAT much. Definitely as good as it gets!
5	This place is amazing! If you want a family feel in your fitness regime, this is the place to go! Everyone here makes you feel like you are part of the team, and I mean everyone! Trainers, staff and even the other members are always friendly and encouraging! Every group fit class is a team effort and everyone roots for each other! This camaraderie extends to outside events as well, and I've participated in events like the warrior dash and Pat's run-because of this team.  The only requirement to be here is that you have a positive attitude! Join now! You won't regret it!!
5	First things first... This is NOT CrossFit! This is better than Cross Fit... this is effective strength training and movement therapy for all ages and abilities, without the meat-market atmosphere.I can't say enough about Funktional Fitness and the impact it has had on me - it has changed my life. I recently had my first child, and in addition to having quite a few extra pounds to lose, I was also recovering from some physical effects of the delivery. I was referred to Luis and Jeremy by my physical therapist because he knew that they could help me regain my pelvic and core stability, and overall strength, with their knowledge of functional movement and exercise.My initial assessment proved what I was feeling, that I was weak and unstable. Luis recommended that I start with 1:1 private training sessions to work on fundamentals while building my strength so as not to injure myself in the process. Their expert instruction on form and their method of working the entire body in segments with different exercises each session keeps the training interesting and is extremely effective. 5 weeks after starting the private training I was re-measured and had lost 4% body fat and a few pounds. I went shopping and had to buy jeans 2 SIZES smaller than I had been wearing 5 weeks before. I had a waist again. And I felt strong!I continue to work with Luis and Jeremy 2 times a week to get me to my postpartum goal, and my husband has started going to their GroupFit classes with great success. Keep it up guys, you and your staff are amazing.Highly recommended without reservation!
5	I came to Funktional Fitness seven months ago because I knew my life would be better with a healthy, fit body.  I had just returned from a trip to Jamaica and I could hardly walk because my knees ached.I met with Jeremy and Luis. I didn't feel inhibited when I struggled with the assessment.  I knew after our second meeting that FunkFit was the studio for me.I work with Jeremy at the Chandler location three times a week.  The studio is clean, bright and inviting.  They make me feel welcome and special every time I walk in.  The customer service is exemplary.  I am stronger and leaner.  I am learning how to use my body in the way it was designed.    I never dread going to my workout.  I trust Jeremy to know what I need to work on.  He knows what I'm capable of doing before I do.  I have learned so much about how my body works.  Jeremy explains things in a way I can understand and carry through with during the week.  I am a 61 year old female and often the oldest one in the studio.  I feel respected and never self conscious.  The music is pleasant and often something I really like!  Their clients dress modestly and the staff professionally.  When I am working out one-on -one with Jeremy he gives me his undivided attention.  He is counting my reps so I can concentrate on the task, correcting my form so I don't get hurt.I am learning to do the exercises with proper form.  I am grateful that I have this instruction because I know it will help me in every day life.  Jeremy is patient with me.  He is a good teacher.  The monthly assessments give me motivation.  I can see my numbers change.  The fat is coming off and my muscles are developing.  They use a tool which measures mobility and I can see how I am improving.  I can get on and off the floor.  The pain in my shoulder and back is gone.  I  climb four flights of stairs with no problem and my heart recovers quickly.  The nutrition support Funktional Fitness offers is helpful.  The online support group is fun and informative.  A weekly food plan is available, along with recipes and a grocery list.  I have found the plan something I can live with.  It allows for flexibility and teaches principles that are easy to incorporate into every day life.  Once a month a cooperative dinner is planned and our online friends can meet each other.I plan to continue to work out with Jeremy until we both feel I am ready for a semi-private or a group session.  I am so glad I found Funktional Fitness. I am enjoying life with a more fit body and I look forward to old age in a healthy body.
