1	I wish I could say it was a great experience. Instead it has/is been a headache. After purchasing a Groupon in December, I spent the next 2 months trying to get in. Keep in mind I never actually talked to " Loretta". Every conversation was all through voice mails. I started calling first of January leaving mesages. Business voicemail states they do not return calls during business hours. First contact was that they were booked out till end of February. After playing phone tag  for several weeks I asked (via voicemail again) to just schedule me an appointment, leave me a message and I will call and confirm that I will be there. This did not happen.  I got a return message they were now booked till March with a waiting list. At this point I was fed up and asked for a refund. Loretta, agreed to credit my groupon but as of today this has not happend. Nor has Groupon resloved the problem either. Guess I'm out $50. Our last communication says "it would have been easier if I had just come in..." Funny, had she returned my calls in a timely manner I would have been happy to come in. Hope Loretta has a differenrt Heart 2 Heart with you.
1	Was about to buy a groupon so glad I looked here first! Thanks for the heads up!!
4	Because of the huge amount of Groupons sold, I had to wait nearly two months before I could get in for a weekend appointment. I must say the deluxe reflexology session was well worth the wait. Loretta was both firm and soothing in all the right places. I'm used to sitting in a chair while someone just works on my feet, this was more like a mini-massage followed by an intense foot session. There wasn't a place above my chest or below my knees that wasn't pushed on, pulled, or tweaked to spur an "Ooooh!" then immediately after an "Ahhhh". I came out of the session super light headed, with almost a prescription of trouble areas that I should focus on. Feeling fantastic after my session! Looking forward to getting another soon, maybe after the Groupons all expire so I can zip right in. They have also moved to 2451 E. Baseline #310. It's between Gilbert and Val Vista roads.
2	Why didn't I check here first before buying the Groupon?  The wait is over 2 months and the only available time is 11 AM, which just doesn't fit into my work schedule.  I'll re-post a review if I can ever get my Groupon redeemed
1	I received a Groupon for this place at Christmas. They will not answer their phones, in fact when you call it tells you on the message they will not make appointment for Groupon holders, that you have to go to Groupon to make the appointment which by the way has been the same since I tried in December. Clear out to August. It is a ripoff and all they want to do I think is get us to purchase and not give us the service. I have left messages for Loretta who will not return calls. That tells me customers mean nothing. Don't waste your time. I am going to see about filing a complaint with the BBB and try and get my money back. In this economy we all like a deal, but we also want the services. Such as shame!
1	I was going to buy a groupon but not now. Thank you Yelpers!
1	I don't even like giving one star. Really wished I'd checked here first.  As stated in the other reviews, I haven't been able to get an apt., or talk to a real live person, only told to send an e-mail.  The address is still listed incorrectly.  I would say there is "NO CUSTOMER SERVICE"  at all.  How do you run a business  like this and expect return customs
1	One star is generous.  Beware,  she only has appointments 2 months out and none on the weekends and has very poor customer service skills.  DO NOT BUY GROUPON OR ANY SERVICES FROM THIS BUSINESS!!!
1	OmG...do not buy a groupon from this woman...bought mine in January..got a mass text two weeks later saying they were booked thru March...so I again contacted in March only to get a message that now she was booked thru May...so I email her...which gets more of a response...she books me for May 11 only to cancel that morning after I texted to confirm because I didn't trust her..I was right...she sends me a text..no name..so unprofessional...saying sorry, will book soon....what????????..so I text back and say when..she says soon..I text her this week ..which it has now been two weeks and still no response....DO NOT BUY A GROUPON FROM THIS LORETTA PERSON... I say this because I have never talked to her..not even sure it exists at this point
3	First off, I have to say that Loretta has magical hands.  She has given me the best massages I have ever had in my entire life.  She has the ability to find every knot and tight muscle and completely relax it.  I leave feeling so relaxed and with a feeling of total well-being.  BUT, customer service skills are seriously lacking.  It's almost impossible to get an appointment, even when there isn't a Groupon running.  I've had an appointment cancelled on me and had appointments run very late where I've had to wait in the waiting room up to 40 minutes past my appointment time, without even an apology or acknowledgement of the tardiness.  I would love to see her on a regular basis because she's so talented but I just can't deal with the issues and will have to find somewhere else to go.
1	I had a similar experience as most other reviewers.  I bought a Groupon, made an appointment, had to reschedule my appointment and never got a call back.  The professionalism is severely lacking.  Groupon was very accommodating when I made my complaint against this business.
1	If you want customer service this is not the establishment for you. I purchased my groupon March 1st. I could not reach Heart2Heart by phone. I used the book online and could not get in till August after the expiration date. They did say they would still honor it (they should since they would only take one groupon per day). A few days before the appointment they emailed to cancel. Then a couple days before that date they called to confirm. This was the final straw I explained my situation and they got me in the next week. The service was okay but I would NEVER go back again because of the lack of customer service.
5	You people with Groupons quit complaining about the scheduling. If you want your massage right here and now because you can't wait for an opening then go to the mall and get a massage by some wannabe be massaged therapist.. Who knows maybe you'll get a happy ending. I've had several treatments here, the service is excellent and the massages are the best. There's a reason their booked solid
5	Loretta is BY FAR the BEST massage therapist I have ever had!  To date, I have yet to find someone better. (I get a massage every month.)  Yes, at times, it is hard to book an appointment, but she is well worth the wait!  She desperately needs someone to help and possibly help run the business as that is not her strong suit, as you can see from other reviews.  An experience at this wellness center is one worth coming back to (and I do mean experience), as Loretta is very thorough and communicates to her clients the trouble areas she can literally feel and sense when performing her massages.  Also, if you ever get a facial with her daughter, Alicia, she is extremely good as well and has the softest touch...so soothing!
1	Total disaster!!! Bought a coupon through Groupon and wished I wouldn't have!!Took forever to get an Appt. When I finally did, Loretta tried to charge me extra money!!! She told me I owed her the difference from what I paid for my Groupon and what she charges ($75/hr)!!!Sorry Loretta, that's NOT how Groupon works!!!What a joke!DO NOT trust this business!!
