5	HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!! I first to my car to another shop and they told me the gears needed replaced = $1,500. I then called AZ Differential and they said they could do it cheaper. Went down there and they test drove it and said pretty sure it is only the bearings. They took it apart and it was only the bearings = $600. Got to love an honest shop!  Granted the shop may not look the best on the outside but the "prettier" shops have to pay for the somehow = taking advantage of customers.
5	When you focus on one task, you tend to be very good.  A differential is the nest of gears spinning a vehicle's axles, allowing the wheels to turn at different speeds without destroying something mechanical.  For example, turning a corner, or one wheel on the road, the other in mud.  Or, front wheels on rock, rear wheels in slush.  Or spin them equally fast for drag racing.    The axles and nest of gears driving them require many bearings.  Gears and bearings require lubrication.  Oil is a simple word for lubrication.  Gaskets are soft seals keeping lubrication in the right places.  Gears and bearings wear out over time.  Lifetimes for gears and bearings can be short or long, depending how hard they're used and how well they are lubricated.  Two auto shops I'll not name here, failed to identify the train-like rumbling in the car's drive train.   Sam at Affordable Auto said, "Take it to AZ Differential Specialists."After looking over the mechanical situation, a failing bearing and carrier,  Bubba provided a reasonable quote.  I requested they replace all bearings and the slightly damaged axle found during inspection.  That added $250 in parts and labor.  The axle and diff will run another 60K or so miles.
5	Great company! Great Staff! If you ask around in Phoenix AZ DIFFERENTIAL SPECIALISTS is the ONLY PLACE TO GO!! I've known about them for years. So when my company truck blew out the diff you can guess where we went for 5 star service!
5	Good people, good prices, great work. It's not to often you find this combination, they have always treated people right & their knowledge is unmatched.
5	I was referred here by another shop that didn't have the necessary tools for what we needed done.  I'll admit, I was a bit hesitant at first. It's a tiny shop- nothing fancy with little to no parking. We brought our vehicle in without an appointment, and they had it ready by midday the following day (I had told them I didn't need it right away).  We had gone in expecting to pay near $1000 based on other work we have had done. Imagine my surprise when the bill was just over $200.The only negative was that they are not open weekends, which made it a little difficult for us. But for the service we received, I would return in the future despite that!
5	AZ Differential Specialists gave me the best estimate that I could find for rebuilding my transfer case so after reading these reviews I decided to use them.  Being on Grand avenue, I was already prepared for an older industrial looking building.  Its true they had very little parking and the shop definitely wasn't fancy, but those things really aren't important to me.  Bubba, their customer service rep, was very communicative and professional through the entire process and took the time to explain the work they were doing.  They were on time with the repair, and even offered a 12 month warranty on all repairs.  Overall this was a great experience and I'd gladly refer my family and friends for any work they needed to have done.
