4	I'm so impressed with this facility.  They are courteous, prompt, and professional.  My entire family goes to Dr. Harris Khakwani -- young guy, with a great sense of humor.   To give you and idea, I recently went in for my yearly physical.  He ordered all the standard bloodwork and called me back in to review -- mostly because I'm of the age of qualifying for pre-menauposal systems (tmi for most, but I'm hoping that a) I may never meet most of you; or 2) if you do meet me you'll go "NO WAY she's a woman of that age.But I digress.   So I return for my blood work review, and he tells me I've got fantastic cholesterol levels etc.  So I tell him "...well that's great, because I work out a lot and try to eat right, and with the amount of time I invest in all my workouts, I should be looking like Julia Roberts."   Dr. Khakwani, without missing a beat, says "Well, your cholesterol looks like Julia Roberts."    Funny guy. They do have two locations for our convenience, but since I live in Laveen, the location on Baseline works best for me.(623) 251-7559 (Main Number for Both Sites)1st  Family Medicine1500 S.Watson Rd Suite 105, Buckeye, AZ 85326623-266-4012 Fax3540 East Baseline Rd, Suite 130, Phoenix AZ,85040480-621-7043 Fax
1	Worst experience I have ever had involving medical "professionals" I don't even know where to start there have been so many issues. Every single time i have been there I have waiting 30 min to 1 hour to be called back although i am always on time. Once I even tried to schedule my appointment first thing in the morning so I would be the first patient there so I would not have to wait. Nope, still a 30+ min wait to be called back and another 30+ min for the doctor to come see me. Doesn't make any sense. The staff at the front desk are all unexperienced and immature seems like all the girls are still in high school. The doctor seems like he doesn't know what is doing and doesn't seem to know what he is talking about. Once I had to tell him what I think he should be prescribing me. I do not trust this facility with my healthcare at all. The last straw is when I scheduled an appointment and they call me 3 hours before telling me that the doctor has to leave early and wanted to know if I could come in now. I told them I could not because i was at work, and the rep proceeds to tell me... "So your cancelling then???" HA! This place is a joke. My advice is to run, find another doctor. Anything is better than this.
5	Before I moved from Arizona, I started seeing Dr Khakwani at the Phoenix location for a little while. He is, by far, the best doctor in Phoenix I've ever had. He's knowledgeable and very kind/understanding. I now have very high standards for a primary care doctor and haven't been able to find one that is anywhere close to those high standards. I've been having some medical issues recently and haven't been to his office in awhile. I called in to see if I could schedule a last minute appointment and Molly (who answered the phone) was so very VERY kind and was able to get me in while I'm in town. I cannot stress enough how great the staff is and how great Dr Khakwani is!! If anyone needs a doctor, this is the place to go and the medical professionals to see!! I honestly wish I could give more than a 5-star rating, because that's what they truly deserve!
