4	Had a really nice time at O Spa! It just opened last year, so everything is modern and clean. Because of a great Groupon deal ($60 for $120 worth of spa/salon services), it took a while to make a reservation. I waited on the phone for over 30 minutes, but Jennifer helped me and was very courteous. I stayed at the Wynn, so the spa was a short walk across the bridge.Amenities at the spa include a steam room, banya, whirlpool, and showers. I got the 50-min. Therapeutic Massage ($132), and my massage therapist, Dawn, did a great job. Just the right amount of pressure. Tasha, one of the spa attendants, was very nice and welcoming.The only thing that I didn't like was that upon check-in the girl (forgot her name) gave me the total amount due and asked if I was going to pay by credit card, cash or charge it to my room (not that I was staying at TI). I've never had to pay upfront before my treatment at a spa before. I asked her if I could wait until I check-out to pay, and she said that was fine. Um, then why ask me to pay first? Do they have customers taking off without paying? And even then, I had already provided my credit card info when I booked my massage. That was WEIRD. Other than that, I enjoyed my time there and would go back. Oh, keep in mind that they automatically add 20% gratuity to all services--something I also find weird since the customers should determine the gratuity based on their experience, right?
2	I arrived to the spa 30 minutes prior to my appointment as requested.  I was told I had missed my appointment.  I had called a week prior to have the appointment time moved; clearly a mistake had been made by the staff member I spoke with.  I was offered an appointment three hours later.  I felt as though I was being inconvenienced because of a mistake they had made.  I explained that the available appointment did not work for my schedule(or for my friend whose appointment HAD been set appropriately).  The staff member was not proactive with further suggestions(think ::awkward silence::), so I politely asked for a manager.  I provided a solution(allow me to use the spa amenities while my friend received her service, reschedule my service for another day).  Upon entry, I noticed the spa is quite small.  There is minimal seating(7 chairs throughout, we had to sit on the locker room benches part of the time).  The massage rooms are located off a hallway in the center of the spa(clearly a design flaw as the noise of flip-flops shuffling down the hall throughout your massage cannot be relaxing)...the same hallway that every visitor must walk through to get from point A(lockers, vanities, lounge) to point B(steam room, sauna, hot tub).  There are only two showers, both of which had clumps of hair and used razors in them on each of my visits.  Clearly, with only two, they need to be cleaned more frequently.  The staff, while hospitable overall, were too talkative for what is to be a relaxing environment.  As someone who frequents spas(of equal pricing), I have experienced much better.  I now understand why this spa was featured for a $60 for $120 Groupon offer.  While my facial itself was satisfactory(though the room light should not have remained on throughout it), this is really a "starter" spa.
4	please request Chi... she is very professional, accurate in pressure points and will leave you relaxed.
1	The worst and most unrelaxing spa experience ever. My husband and I travel to las vegas pretty often for a quick getaway, and we love spas, since we stayed at Treaure Island we decided to try out the spa there. Boy were we in for a surprise, the front desk with the big hair and fake eye lashes was sooooo mean and rude, we felt like she was doing us a favor by setting us up. I felt very uncomfortable, she had an atitude when I asked her about one of the services, and at the end they ended up over charging us for a service that they provided a courtesy because they didnt have someone to perform one of the other services that my husband had initially requested. I was shocked and appalled at her atitude and bhavior, I swore I'd never go there again, however the masseuses were really nice and proffessional. For the money we spent there over $400 I expected better service and a warmer greeting.
4	Pretty good mani/pedi for a Vegas salon. I've had not-so-good ones before at other hotels because clearly, they want you out on the floor gambling or just assume you won't be back again. Mila, was great and spent a long time on the tootsies which was delightful. The chair was decent. I take off a star because the reception was rude and quite annoying. I'd go back though.
5	Request Iris if you are going for the salon. She was very nice and my hair turned out exactly the way I wanted it colored. (It is difficult because I am Asian and Asian hair never cooperates). The spa/salon is really pretty and I used the $60 for $120 Groupon!
1	I've received massages from QUA, The SPA at Encore and Wynn, The Bathhouse, Aria, and The Four Seasons Spa. I've always justified the price because they are always some of the best massages I've ever had. The massage I received yesterday from Oleksandra Spa was terrible. All I felt that was accomplished was oil being smeared all over my body.  The two parts I specified to be worked on she DID NOT EVEN TOUCH.  It was bizarre.  I've called the manager a few times and left voice mails and haven't heard back. Definitely not worth going to because of the poor service. Spend your well earned money at QUA.
1	Between the dirty underwear drying in the sauna and the painfully uncomfortable massage I highly recommend finding another spa. I have been getting massages all over the world for years and have received many in Vegas, however this is the first time I wanted to stop at the beginning and I only let her continue because I was praying it would get better. Unfortunately, that was my mistake because it never did and now there are places on my body that are on fire. I am in more pain then before the massage. YUCK!!It is worth spending a bit more to get better massages (see Rob A.'s review) so that you are feeling good afterwards both physically and mentally  and that you've received what you paid for. I understand now why they had Groupons and this wasn't even worth the savings. (it was still over $100)Upon leaving I did stop to complain to the front desk and was simply handed a comment card and told to complete it and mail it in. This to me implies they either receive constant complaints, do not care about their customers or both.
4	I read all these reviews after my visit. I am glad because I feel my review can be more objective. I too am a spa aficionado and my body has been through the ringer the last couple of years (think medical procedures). In addition, in order to relieve everyday aches and pains, I have to do some kind of exercise everyday (such as spin, Zumba, yoga, Pilates). I was very happy with my experience - Robert did my 50 minute deep tissue ($132). I have a very tight upper back, gluts and hips - he hit all the areas with skill and depth to try to loosen my muscles and get them to release. He was successful in all areas except my right shoulder and under the blade area - those muscles were not as cooperative but, that was not his fault.I went on a weekday afternoon so, it was not crowded. It is a smaller spa experience (compared to other Strip hotels) but, I found that refreshing. It was very clean, well appointed (in my opinion - I loved the understated decor/clean lines/nice tile work above/near the hot tub) and had all the amenities other bigger spas have.The reason I did not give it 5 stars are a bit on the nit pickier side. There were no wash clothes in the shower area or hand towels near the sinks (yes, small issue). The main reason it lost the 5th star - when I called to schedule my massage, the gal was a little short or better yet, didn't seem interested in making my appt. I also thought it was weird that I had to pay - the 20% gratuity before the service. I think the therapist loses out on this, because when warranted, I (and guessing others) tip more than 20%.I do plan to return to TI's spa soon.
5	My wife loved her stone massage and facial... used a groupon.  Professional and fun. Enjoyed 12/11/11.  Thanks.
5	I got great facial from Marina. She has medical background and was able to identify my problems and recommended the right facial specifically or my skin. This is the first time, when I actually can see the results after the procedure not just the relaxation during. See Marina at the morning to look 10 years younger at he evening.
1	I made an appointment yesterday for a manicure. When I got to spa I had to wait 15 minutes before the women who was scheduled to do my nails came out to get me. During my manicure the workers at front desk were so loud talking, and laughing. I thought I was at a club? The women who did my nails did not even give my hands a massage she but lotion on them,the way she filed my nails was so bad,I ask  her to please make my nails evan,she ran nail file over one nail and was done,she did not even clean under my nails! What a joke for $40 manicure! I had to dry my nails under a  very cold fan. The lady said my nails were dry. 5 minutes after I left 3 of my nail had smudged. I am so disappointed. If you are staying at treasure island  don't go to this spa,you will be disappointed and charged a lot for horrible service. If I could give no stars I would.
5	I was lucky enough to get to spend some time at this spa on 5/7/12.  I booked a Lomi Lomi massage with Kelly and it was AH-MAZING!  I have been to around 10 other Vegas spas over the years, and booking with a stranger is always a gamble...but when in Vegas, you gotta roll the dice.  I have spent a lot more money at other well known spas and not had nearly the awesome experience I had here. The facilities are immaculate, very updated, and very clean.  There is a locker room, a room full of vanities, a lounge with chairs/blankets, a dry sauna, a steam room, a whirlpool with 4 chaise loungers around, and tons of treatment rooms.  There is an array of juices, teas, coffee, fruit, nuts, dried fruit, etc.  The ambiance here makes you just want to linger for hours.The Lomi Lomi massage was my first time for a massage of this type.  It is a super oily Hawaiian technique that involves long massage strokes.  It was heavenly.  It does require you to be fairly exposed, so not for the shy folks.  I would definitely come back here.  I loved every second of my time and stayed an extra 2 hours going from the whirlpool to the loungers, just relaxing and enjoying every second.  I also recommend Kelly.  She has a great technique, was very professional, and did a wonderful job.
5	I walked in at 4:52pm asking for a massage appointment, the receptionist was great and got me right in! Before my services, I took advantage of the jacuzzi and steam room, both were nice. I opted for a 50 minute swedish massage with hot oil scalp massage (I'll skip this next time...wasn't bad, just didn't do much for me). Let me just say I've had plenty of massages and this was one of the best! Seriously. Noah was phenomenal and I was putty in his hands! Definitely give this place a whirl!
4	FIRST IMPRESSIONS You walk through Oleksandra's to get to the gym at T.I. Looks nice, with a wealth of services -- primarily for women, but yes, also for men.  I did not partake in any of the services, but I will say, the place looked sharp and the front desk was pleasant. Oleksandra is the name of the wife of Treasure Island's owner. A fitting tribute.The little gym in back is pretty good, and I mention that in my T.I. review.
5	I came here following a friends recommendation to see Marina, hoping she could do something about my acne. She quickly figured out what was causing my acne and began treating it. She is very knowledgeable, polite, and made sure to keep track of my progress. I've visited many dermatologist and none have helped me like Marina has. I'll definitely be recommending her to others that suffer from acne.
5	Love it...my friend and I were here in Oct. 2012.  Clean, people were friendly and the amenities were great.
4	I went here with a groupon on Sunday and the spa exceeded my expecations. The spa features a sauna, steam room, jacuzzi, and some comfortable lounge chairs to read or watch tv. I got an amazing aromatherapy massage from Kat. I was a little nervous to get the aromatherapy massage seeing that I had never gotten one before (usually stick to swedish) The citrus oil i chose smelled good and after the massage was over i had that "i just went to the spa smell" which reminded me of my positive experience and kept me relaxed all day. The only warning i have is it that smell gets overpowering and nauseating after a while and was making me sick later:(The spa also featured several juices, lemon water, fresh fruit, and a snack of pretzels mixed with something green that i have no clue what it was but it tasted really good. I can honestly say this was probably the best massage ive received before. I used to be a member at Burke Williams spa in california and ive been to glen ivy before and neither one compared. Now for the small complaints which had nothing to do with my service hehe. They dont have blowdryers and flat irons:( i dont think this is their fault tho i think its nevada law but still ugh i walked out lookin like a wet rat and i had a flight to catch so i couldnt go fix my hair. i also wish they had a misting room or a room with cold water because, as it should, the sauna, steam room and jacuzzi were all hot. i was thankful for the little shower by the sauna tho where i could at least use cold water. also feel they should have more snack varieties. the pretzels got old after a while. Overall, I would definetely come back here. the amenities they did have were great and it was kept very clean and staff was very nice and professional. i was a little nervous about the mandatory 20 percent tip that needed to be paid at the beginning (i like to tip based on performance) but kat definetely deserved the tip and she did not end the massage early. Good experience, glad i went.
4	The only reason why I didn't give this 5 stars is because it's expensive. Otherwise, it was great. I wanted to try something new and I decided in getting a gel manicure. Mila was a great employee. She was gentle and informative. She deserves a 5. My nails came out great.
3	Sigh...I really wanted to give this place a higher score, because it has the potential to be better, but unfortunately it just was pretty average. The PROS: -Nice, clean facility, friendly staff, competitive pricingThe CONS:-They collect payment and tip in advance which I've never seen an upscale spa do before unless it's spa week, the massage rooms are kind of industrial and the music is clubby and too loud. I came here recently with my husband for a couple's massage. My husband had a perfect experience with only one or two other men in his spa area and a great massage. I, unfortunately, had to hear a loud group of cackling ladies laughing and shouting the entire time in the spa. In hindsight, I should've probably complained to the staff, since there were signs posted everywhere indicating to use hushed voices, but I didn't really feel like having drama at the spa, so I just kind of tried to avoid them. Once I finally escaped the loud ladies, I settled into a seat in the sauna where I could relax. I got about 3 minutes of relaxation in before some Egyptian woman (customer) came in and started asking me a bunch of personal questions and ranting about American women. Throughout much of my time in the spa, I felt that older heavy women were staring at me and at times even making comments to one another. One even made a comment to me about my thin build. I'm from Scottsdale, AZ where young thin women are everywhere in spas, but lets just say I was a little out of place here and I could feel the stares. After my somewhat stressful spa experience, I settled into the massage room for my massage. My masseause Pierre was really nice and I think had good intentions, but his hands were rough and kind of felt like they were scratchy on my skin. His massage was mediocre for the most part and failed to really focus on muscles on my body, despite the fact that it was an upgraded therapeutic massage. Once again though, my husband had a wonderful peaceful time in the men's spa and also said that his massage was among the best in his life, so perhaps it's worth another shot.
1	I can sum this place up in a few words: Gene Jaurez prices, Tulip nails service. Do not let the pretentious name fool you-the only thing upscale about this place is the name and the price menu. Other than that, it was pretty much like getting your toes done in a construction zone. I like spas that are small, intimate, dimly lit, soothing music. This salon was dressing room bright, huge, noisy, and chaotic. My friend and I wanted to sit together but we couldn't because two out of the four chairs were broken-classy. Additionally, the service was pretty laughable. The pedicurists do everything you aren't supposed to do-talk to you while you are trying to sleep, comment on the poor condition of your feet ("so dry!") and just generally act unprofessional. To top it all off, we all know there are two kinds of pedicures: pleasure or pain, and this one was pain all the way. I could not believe a $90 pedicure would consist of a two minute half hearted "massage", no exfoliant, no parrifin, nada. It was basically a polish change with more ouchy scraping, etc. Never coming back here, and I don't thing you should ever go either.
5	Really great experience!My husband and I came to TI for our wedding anniversary and got a 30% off spa services through our player's card....so the price for a couples massage was reasonable at 30% off. We got to the spa an hour early to utilize the facilities. We were first greeted by 2 nice men who took our payment (I like paying ahead of time....don't like dealing with financials when I'm relaxed after a massage). Then we were shown the direction to the men and women spas. I was kindly greeted by 2 females. One of the girls gave me the grand tour of the facilities. (my husband said the man on his side of the spa was a little less welcoming but still cordial). There are lockers for your belongings and you are given a robe and rubber flip flops (you keep the flip flops) (the robe is waffle knit so not plush and soft but still nice). I had the spa to myself for the first 30min so I didn't mind that I forgot my swim suit and used the jacuzzi naked (it is a clothing optional spa but the 6 other ladies that arrived later all had swim suits). There is also a wet sauna and a dry sauna plus plenty of lounges and cucumbers to cover your eyes. Other amenities included a sitting area with a TV and magazines, a fridge full of juices, fruits, snacks, water, and products and blow dryers and vanities so you can shower there and get ready before you leave. Our couples massage was great...I had the deepest deep tissue massage I've ever had with Robert and my husband had a nice soft hot stone massage. Afterwards I used the showers and was happy that they were very clean (I'm a germ freak and the tiniest things disgust me...so I still wore my flip flops in the shower but it was vary clean). Great experience. A typical spa. Will hopefully be back if we get another discount (a little too steep without the 30% off).
4	I was desperate for a massage, the receptionist was great and got me right in! Before my services, I took advantage of the jacuzzi and steam room, both were nice. I opted for a 50 minute swedish massage with hot oil scalp massage (which was quite heavenly!). Let me just say I've had plenty of massages and this was one of the best! Seriously. Noah was phenomenal and I was putty in his hands! Definitely glad I came in here~
4	I had a 10am appt, arrived at 9:15 and was glad I did get there early. Had time to relax, shower, and use the whirlpool briefly before relaxing till the massage.  Was introduced to my masseuse, and the experience was just awesome. Chasly is a most excellent masseuse. I had the 80 minute signature massage, the hardest part was choosing which scent of oil to use.  The paraffin hand an foot treatment were great as well.  This was fun and relaxing, I'll book again the next time in Las Vegas!
1	Don't go here.  Booked a massage for my wife and her friends.  Specifically moved the appointment time multiple times to ensure that my wife and her friends had female massage therapist (everyone has a preference).  When they showed up they didn't have any female massage therapists, despite me spending an hour confirming before we flew to Vegas.  They wouldn't even admit they screwed up and refused to do anything to make up for their screw-up...they basically flat out lied!  Save your time and money, there are a number of spa's on the strip, go to one who will treat you like a customer.
5	I got a groupon for $120 worth of service for $60. My husband had his Marine Corps Ball in Vegas this year and I needed somewhere to get my hair done. After setting up an appointment I bought the groupon. We arrived at the modern yet elegant salon a bit early. My friend and I chatted as time passed and we were taken care of. My stylist was WONDERFUL. She gave me the perfect updo. I told her I wanted vintage, and that's what I got. I loved it.
3	I used a Groupon for $120 of servic on Saturday November 16.  Thanks to reviews here and on Groupon, I knew to expect that a 20% gratuity would be added, so that wasn't an issue.  Let me begin by saying that I had my hair styled by Monica. She did a fantastic job on my hair. It was exactly what I asked for.Then, I got my makeup done by Robin. I absolutely loved my makeup...but.  I told her that I never used foundation because I hated how it makes my skin feel. She said they use an airbrush foundation that is water based so it doesn't clog pores.  So I tried the foundation. And again, the end result was beautiful. She did a great job.  The problem was that I knew exactly what's total should have been for a hairstyle and makeup, and I had a good idea of how much the false eyelashes would cost.  I was unpleasantly surprised to find that the foundation was extra since it was airbrushed. I told the girl at the front desk (young, platinum blond faux hawk) that I was surprised, and that staff should tell guests if something is extra. She just kinda shrugged, didn't apologize, and waited for my card.  Then, to add insult to injury, I was completely broken out the next day everywhere the foundation was, which was pretty much my whole face.  It really sucks that their business practice is to upsell without informing guests that it is in fact an upsell. I had ZERO complaints about Monica, and Robin's makeup was beautiful and flawless. It's too bad that the experience left a bad taste in my mouth. :(I wish I could give it a 2.5 stars. Monica deserves 5 stars. Robin deserves 5 stars for quality and 1 star for communication. The young lady at the front desk needs to be taught how to deal with customers who are slightly upset instead of just shrugging it off.
3	I too used the $120 worth of services for $60 Groupon for my visit here (I called and booked my appointments before buying it just to be safe). I wish I could give them 2.5 stars since it's not quite worth the three stars, but the staff were very nice so that made me round it up.My husband and I were doing dinner and a show the day I came in and wanting be to super cute on my trip to Vegas I decided to get my nails and hair done. The Groupon covered the charges exactly ($35 for the mani, $85 for shampoo and style for mid-back length hair), and thanks to the reviews on here I was prepared to pay an additional $24 for the 20% gratuity. However, like others on here, I didn't like being forced to tip 20%, especially before the services were even done.The staff were sweet and welcoming so no complaints about customer service, but it probably should have been a bit of a warning sign when I only saw two other customers the hour and a half I was in there, and that a Strip salon/spa was offering Groupons in the first place. The atmosphere and services in the salon just didn't match the high prices and Strip location; no offer of water or tea, and the salon was clean but just felt old and tired to me.My manicure was ok; nice shaping and sweet lady, but she was a little rough with my cuticles and almost forgot to put polish on one of my thumbs. I also wasn't paying super close attention and was doing a shimmery pink polish so I didn't even catch it until after I was out of the salon, but she put two coats of polish on my right hand and only one coat on my left! The polish also started chipping after only three days.For my hair I decided to have a blow out with some loose curls. I have side-swept bangs and she asked which side I part them, so I showed her where I usually do a left part. She then proceeded to style them with a right part. Erm. Ok. Maybe she's still working on it and she'll fix it? Continue with the blow dry and curling the rest of my hair. Great until she starts to TEASE MY ROOTS. Ok. She's a professional and you're not; have faith, it'll look great. Tease. Curl. Spray. Tease. Curl. Spray. She then smoothed my hair down a little bit with my bangs still parted on the wrong side, and that was it.  My hair wasn't quite to the 1960s volume level, but it was ridiculously puffy for my taste. After I left the salon I bee-lined to the nearest bathroom where I was able to gently comb out the teased sections without ruining the rest of my hair and switch my part to the correct side. After the bathroom modifications I actually really liked my hair, and it even lasted me through the rest of my trip with a little bit of TLC in the morning.It was nice getting basically 50% off at a Strip salon, but I don't think I'd be back again even with the discount.
1	What a horrible experience at the Oleksandra Spa and Salon. I just checked in and needed to do a nail repair. My appointment was for 1:30 p.m. After waiting for 30 minutes the rude receptionist told me that if I do not like it I can leave and call the manager. I tried with no luck: voicemail is to full. Shame on you! What a way to spoil vacation and the Holiday season. If you like a nice service please Do Not Use this Spa!!!
4	I stayed at TI for a company trip and scheduled a massage as soon as I arrived on Friday.  They said I could pick anytime for Saturday.  I requested an 11:00 but emphasized I would like a deep tissue massage and I would take either a guy or gal to make sure it was a good deep tissue.  I was not disappointed (I have been dissapointed many times in the past at other Spa's). When I mean deep tissue massage, I don't mean glide your forearm sideways down my back.  15min into my 50 min I requested to add on another 30 min.  It was so worth it. Going into the massage I had a kink in my shoulder blades and my neck was tight.  Noah Vertheen was the ticket and he was the "real deal"  for deep tissue.  He got the job done and I left relaxed, a little dazed(in a good way), but way refreshed.  If you are at TI look up Noah for a deep tissue. If you don't get a massage then pay the $17 bucks and grab a steam room (request Eucalyptus spray before).  Hit the hot tub and then a Cold Water Flush next to the sauna.  That is the way to roll in Vegas. Trust me!
2	The spa was great and very relaxing except too much loud talking from the staff. The estheticians gave me the  worst  facial...very drying. Las Vegas is already so dry and my skin was screaming for moisture. I was also shocked the 20 % tip was already added to my bill. I was not aware of that...maybe in the small print. I was planning on giving only 10% because did not like the facial.  Because the tip is already included did not feel I was given the best effort. I would not go again. I usually go to Vegas every year. Will look for another spa. But will read yelp before I go.
5	Amazing!!! Tried the dry room and steam room and hot tub before I went in for my massage.... And I totally recommend the hot stone massage!! I felt so relaxed and like royalty. Afterwards I used the steam room and showers and they gave me a dryer to use with a throwaway brush. I left so relaxed and clean feeling. So needed it!
5	I was in desperate need of a good pedicure from walking so much in extreme heat.  Nory was so gentle, professional and knowledgable.  I highly recommend her services.  Reception was kind and flexible and able to fit me in immediately.  Best pedicure I've ever had!
5	High quality spa with exceptional ambiance and service.  Nory delivers exceptional, professional mani-pedi; worth every cent!  I will absolutely visit on my next trip to Vegas.
4	I went to Oleksandra Spa a for a fabulous facial as treat on my birthday. Through Groupon,  I met the best esthetician in Las Vegas--.Marina Malutina. She was very experienced and popular. Extremely caring, bright, patient, and knowledgeable, and her facial massages were incredible. She takes time to advise and you never feel rushed or like another number. My skin changed forever after her skincare recommendations and compliments on my skin kept coming.Unfortunately, I just learned Marina no longer works at Oleksandra spa at the Treasure Island hotel on the strip anymore:(. Note: For all of you who use to work with Marina, I learned that she has since moved to the Imperial Health Spa off the strip.  I can continue getting my 5 star treatments for even cheaper too and I'm thrilled. It's a little off the strip but still accessible. I live in Canada too but I will continue seeing Marina everytime I'm back in Vegas as she's one of the top Estheticians out there.
5	I had my wedding at treasure Island which included a package to go to the salon and get manicure, hair and make up. Starting from the front desk to the people that actually do your nails hair makeup it was spectacular. I ended up adding a few thing and they were able to accommodate me quick. These people were magnificent Annie nails, Nory nails and the other two I forgot there names but they were all spectacular customer service and became great aqueitances after a few minutes. I will definatly come back!
3	Went here with a GROUPON. Services i had were a facial.  That was really good and my esthetician was great. I also got a milk bath, that was a waste of money, glad i didn't pay full price. Youre basically sitting in a jacuzzi tub with water tinted white and left alone.I was annoyed but a couple of the clientele who wouldn't respect the quiet areas. Some were on the phone or just being loud in general. One of them smoking a cape pen. Don't know how much of the fault lies on the Spa but i guess it IS up to them to enforce the rules.Again, i didn't pay full price so thats the only reason I was able to afford getting any services done. But if i had the money to afford spa treatments in Vegas, I probably wouldn't come back to this one. Maybe if i had another coupon though.
5	I just had the BEST prenatal massage I've ever had (third baby, I've had a bunch) and quite possibly the best massage EVER, period. The therapist was Robert Meade and he was phenomenal. I'll definitely be back to request him in the future!
4	I was looking to relax for a couple of hours and that was just what I got. Having been to other 3 star Vegas Spas in the past I didn't know what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised. I didn't get a service just paid $17 for the entry. I was given a quick tour, a locker and flip flops on entry. There are 2 hot tubs with different jets, warm enough. There is a large nice and hot steam room and a sauna that I didn't go in but looked nice. Water juice and fruit is complementary. The decor is very nice an relaxing. Bottom line this is a 4 star spa and I would absolutely go back.Note to management hot tubs could have use some additional cleaning and two TVs both audible on different programs was a distraction. Otherwise keep up the good work.
2	I would not go back.  If u charge and arm and a leg then my arms and legs should be pampered!   Paid for a mani and pedi.  Was to be 90 minutes per their brochure.  They were 45 min long together!   So when I checked out I said something and the front lady became very rude and argued with me.  Mind u my bill was over $900, I had a right to complain!   They cut my service so short I had to wait 45 min for my massage.  Jill did a good job on my massage but she pushes really hard.  Never asked if pressure was ok.  She told me during my massage she had trouble finding a job.   Kinda weird to say to a client?   Room is right off bathroom.  Could here them fixing the two out of order toilets half the time.  They had the Kardashians show playing in the "quiet" waiting area.  Not my idea of relaxing.  The did pamper my daughter so I give two stars.....   But to cut my mani and pedi by over 45 minutes is just wrong when u pay that much.  :(. Front staff should walk u back to lockers.  Lazy....   They should ask if u want water when u check in, etc.  Towels are only by showers and in back by sauna.  I asked the attendant for one and she looked at me like I was bothering her.  No robe in my locker.   Isn't that her job to clean and fill the lockers?   Pedi lady told my mother in law that her feet were so callused that she needs to get pedi more often, felt that was rude.   She was actually laughing and shaking her head.   Stay away!
5	Mine and my husband's second time here and it was a wonderful experience. My first time that I came a few years ago I wasn't entirely pleased with my massage therapist. He did compressions on my body over the sheets for about thirty minutes. I've had many massages and know that isn't common, only lazy. Any who, fast forward to today- we gave Oleksandra another chance.We arrived about 45 minutes before our service times. We checked in quickly and opted to pay then. We used the Groupon deal that worked out great. We headed to our respective lounges and got to relaxing. The spa attendant briefly went over the facilities for me and was super sweet. I rinsed off in the shower before getting in the hot tub. (Just so you know, that's common etiquette to do so) I sat in the hot tub about fifteen minutes which was nice but felt it could have been a few degrees warmer.I then dried off and decided to lay down and rest a little on one of the lounge chairs located by the hot tub. I went back to my locker a few minutes prior to my service time to leave all of my belongings behind and wait in the quiet area before the nice spa attendant called my name and took me to my massage room (they do this if you're a female with a male provider). Robert asked if there were any problem areas  I'd like more focus on and he did a wonderful job throughout the massage to ensure my needs were met. Wonderful pressure and very skilled hands. Also, great conversation but I'm sure he'd be silent if that's what you wish. After my service I used the steam room for a bit before heading out.My husband had a European lady who's name he couldn't pronounce. My husband is very easy to please but said she gave a great Massage.Overall, our experience was great. They give you throw away sandals and a robe. Lockers are the key pad type. Plenty of refreshments, fruit and snacks. Incredibly clean and well maintained. Well priced even without the Groupon. Not a large facility by any means but it wasn't crowded (Late Saturday morning) either time I went so the size was just fine. Only suggestions I could make would be a warmer hot tub and possibly some cold hand towels on ice near the steam room and sauna. Oh, and while Robert absolutely deserved the 20% automatic gratuity I wish they wouldn't do that based on my previous massage experience there. It should be left to my discretion. We will be back again next time we have a mommy/daddy weekend in Vegas.
4	First off I will say I wouldn't go here unless I had the group on deal. I had a facial with a peel. And a 50min massage.                               First off the  facial was just fine, I feel like if it wasn't for the peel it would have been a waste of money.                                               The massage  was nice, she asked if I had any problem areas (neck, lower back) she defiantly paid extra attention to those areas with a ton of pressure! My back still hurts a little but other then that one of the better massages I've had.
