5	After 3 trips to 3 different dealers, with no resolve to the problem I was having with my car, I took it to Kens Auto Repair Service. He found the source of the noise I was hearing(exhaust rubbing on the drive shaft) and it was fixed the same day! Couldn't be any happier!!Ken has outstanding customer service, great prices, and a beautiful shop...I will most definitely refer all my friends.
5	I started bringing my car(s) to Ken over a year ago. All his work has shown him to be incredibly knowledgeable, every time I am impressed with the quality and honesty of his work. A few times, I have not followed his advice, each time to my detriment. Combined with some bad luck, I have brought four cars to him in the last year.I have tried at least a dozen mechanics and shops in this area over the last four years. (I've also made the embarrassing and always disastrous mistake of turning to mechanics on craigslist!)I recommend Ken's shop over everyone else. Now my friends bring their cars to him also, and they're also very happy.
5	Highly recommended. The Honda dealer suggested I perform $3997 worth of repairs on my Accord. Ken whittled that down to about $2000 in repairs which needed to be done this year. He then then made all those repairs for a total charge of $1,652, and included many extra smaller repairs at no charge. I felt very well taken care of. I will come to Ken first, in the future, even though he is on the other side of town.
5	Ken helped me when I really needed it! Very nice and honest. Great prices too! Thanks for your help Ken :) - Melanie Elder.
5	I had taken my car into AAA for a 36 point inspection. They told me they found $2700.00 worth of work that needed to be done and soon!I decided to get a second opinion and I am so glad I did!!I researched on YELP and found Ken from KARS.I called him up-he got me in right away, I  took the list from AAA-he looked at all of the issues and told me that I only needed one thing done!!!He saved me $2600!Wow-what a find Ken is! Honest and friendly!I highly recommend him!
5	We had an annoying check engine light for the past 6 months on a 2009 Jeep Grand Cherokee Limited.  We have had bad experiences in the past with the dealers and decided to try a local repair shop.  How fortunate we were to stumble onto Ken's Auto Repair Service on the internet!!!  Ken is very knowledgeable and honest and we will pass our experience on to anyone needing auto repair. It was a pleasure  doing business with Ken.Bob O
5	It's fun when you find a small local shop with a honest, friendly, professional buisnessman.  That's exactly what we found when we decided to take our car to Ken.  My husband handled the car details (which we got a very competitive price on - probably the best in the area) while I relaxed and did work on the free Wifi while snacking on free cookies and cold iced tea from the complimentary fridge.  Getting your car fixed is usually not a pleasant experience, but Ken has gone out of his way to make his waiting area comfortable and actually enjoyable.  He obviously really cares about his customers; he went out of his way multiple times to help us during our visit, from offering to drive us to a restaurant nearby when it hit lunchtime to making calls to a parts manufacturer to try and get us a refund on shocks that had been improperly installed by a previous mechanic.  Overall, we had a great experience with Ken and will definitely be returning.
5	I am so happy I found this place! Ken is always super friendly and always willing to help in any way possible. Several times now he has saved my car AND my wallet! He is extremely honest and won't try to sucker you into repairs like dealerships do. He did a ton of work on my car for literally a third of the price the Honda dealership quoted me. I have never had any issues with repairs that Ken and his crew have done on my car. I refuse to take my car anywhere else!
5	Ken was very nice and did a great job at a great price.  he go me in immediately.  I'm new to the area and gave me some great tips and information on some auto places.  I will for sure go to him again,  hopefully i don't have to, but you know what i mean.  his garage is amazingly clean.
5	We have taken our work van to Ken's on three occasions and have found him to be highly competent in diagnostics and repairs. Ken was a really nice guy and easy to work with. Clean, honest work at a fair price.
5	I am impressed with the work and service at KARS. Both Ken & Luke have been a pleasure to work with. They have been a great help with all of our family vehicles. When our minivan was giving us issues, Ken advised us NOT to fix it, that the value vs repair costs did not make sense. He saved us $3,000 in repairs and with the sale of the minivan got a newer vehicle. I highly recommend KARS, we tell our friends this is the place to go if you're looking for a competent mechanic who's honest!
5	My a/c stopped blowing last week and I found this repair shop on Yelp.  I called that morning, and Ken asked me a few questions and set up an appointment that same day.  When I got there he already had the part waiting to replace what he thought it might be, but when it turned out to be something else, he went to the Honda to pick up the other part while I waited in the office.  I was in and out within about 45 minutes.Great, friendly service and a clean waiting room stocked with refreshments.  As a female, I loathe taking my car in for repairs since most businesses try to upsell or repair things my car doesn't actually need.  This place was a breath of fresh air, as Ken didn't try to sell me anything extra.  The price was fair and the service was quick.   I highly recommend this place to everyone.
5	Love these guys! I brought in a $6000 "to do list" given to me by Arrowhead Honda. These guys reviewed the list with me,actually showed me the issues. I was told by them that nothing was emergent. At worst to address issues noted by Honda if they cause performance issues,otherwise normal maintenance recommendations. They also took the time to group together items where work overlaps to save me money versus Honda charging full labor per line item. So thankful to find nice,easygoing,professional,honest mechanics. Thank you guys!
5	Found this on yelp and as it turned out it was a very positive experience. Ken gave me a quote and when all was said and done he was within one cent of the original quote. The price for the amount of work I had done was 100 dollars less that the quotes I searched on line for which are the average repair cost in your area. I will be back and refer him to friends.
5	My son brought his used Tundra in after two other mechanics could not figure out why his brake lights were not working.  Ken figured out that the previous owner re-wired it in a strange way to tow a trailer, bypassed the incorrect work and got the lights working correctly again!  We have gone to Ken's KARS ever since!   Unless we need the dealer for a recall fix, we now go to Ken for all our maintenance.  He knows our vehicles, and won't try to up sell like dealers will, yet they will be just as reliable at far less cost.  Ken is one of those rare mechanics who is passionate about his work, honest and he cares.  His shop is clean and the waiting room is pleasant.    So glad we found him!
5	I found a repair shop in a coupon magazine and decided to look them up on Yelp. It turns out they had awful reviews so I kept looking and found KARS. I looked at his reviews and then went to the website. The website is well done and informative. I then called the shop and Ken answered the phone. He was very straight forward even though my description of my vehicle's problems was not! My flightiness did not phase him in the least and we set an appointment. He gave me exact directions on how to get there (his store front is small and easy to miss). I arrived for my appointment and Ken immediately asked me to drive him around to get an idea of the problem. I have never had a repair shop willing to do that. I've always felt rushed and made to feel like a number. Of course, my car would not misbehave with Ken riding along so we took it back to the shop and he took a look at it. I should mention that the waiting area is very clean, the refrigerator is stocked with a variety of drinks, and there are even snacks to choose from if you get hungry while waiting. Even the garage itself is very clean and organized. Ken came back and told me what the issues were and patiently explained every last detail to me and what the costs associated would be. I ask a lot of questions and this didn't bother him one bit. He advised me on what would be preventative maintenance vs. what needs to be done now (brakes). He is extremely no-nonsense with no sales pitch or gimmick. The cost was much less than what I was quoted at the dealer and the service was SO, SO much more than what I receive at the dealer (bonus- there isn't a salesman lurking nearby to convince me to trade in my SUV). This is seriously the most honest, straight forward, no hype, personal service I have ever received at a repair shop. There is a reason for so many great reviews. He really is as good as it gets!! Also, his work comes with a NAPA National warranty of 24,000 miles/24 months. You 've got nothing to lose!
5	An Honest Mechanic....didn't realize they existed before I found this shop.Have a higher end car that's a pain in the a$$ to service, never had any issues here and consistently get good deals compared to dealership repairs!
5	I purchased a used Acura TL and wanted to get the transmission flushed. WOW! The dealer was crazy with their quote. I was recommended to KARS by a friend. Right away I could tell Ken was an honest person. He proved that by showing me pictures of my transmission after he was done. A transmission mount bolt was missing. He had a bolt that fit and replaced it for free. "Free" is not in the vocabulary of a dealer so you know they would have never done that without charging me $20 for the bolt and $50 for the labor.About 1 year later, I needed to get the rear shocks replaced. I called the dealer first. Of course, if I had a child they would have asked for that along with the nearly $1000 they wanted to perform the work. I went back to KARS. Half the cost of the dealer, quality work, and I had my car back the next day!It's very hard to find a mechanic that doesn't have dollar signs for eyes. I realize mechanics need to earn a living just like everyone else but some mechanics are just out to extort you! Not KARS. They are very reasonable and honest. I always recommend my friends to KARS.
