5	Very comfortable affordable pedicures and manicures.  These two girls are owner operators and provide personal attention to detail.  They take personal interest in your satisfaction as their success depends on it. Word of mouth and repeat business by satisfied clients is key. Give them a chance, you'll be happy you did.
5	Wow! a hidden treasure. Great deal for a manicure/pedicure and the work is better than the last time I visted a high end resort. Lana owns the shop and is very friendly and goes out of her way to provide great service. The shop is located in the same strip as the Venues cafe. You need to call first because Lana only works by appointment.
5	Great service and prices! They work by appointment so call first.
5	This place is where you need to go for all your nail/pedicure needs. There are a lot of nail places in Carefree/Cave Creek, and of all the nail salon places this one is FANTASTIC! Lana and Katherine are very thorough and treat all of their clients like royalty. I used to go to Pinky's where they worked before, and I left there immediately to follow them to their new salon. If you are new to the valley or are looking for a new nail salon to try then please give this place a try.  I promise you that you will be glad you went there.
5	This is a great place to have your nails done.  Must have an appointment as they are very busy, but it's because they are very good.  When you are traveling and have to go to an unknown salon to have your nails done, it's always risky.  Lana was so good she made me wish I lived in the area!  Very reasonably priced as well.  Don't hesitate!
5	Had a great manicure cheap!!! (although the service was as good as any nail spa I've visited!) Just moved to Carefree and needed a manicure. I lucked out to find such a great place in my backyard!!! The ladies  know what "service beyond expectation" is!!! To say the least, I was very satisfied with their service and will definitely be back!!
5	I love this salon! The salon is clean, the 2 sisters are lovely, and they're always on time. Be sure to call for an appointment.
