1	I used to be an avid runner and am looking to get into the sport again, so I wanted to go to a store that was a small, neighborhood business where I would be able to ask a lot of questions and find a shoe that was really going to work well for me.  Going to Movin' Shoes was a huge waste of time.  It was nearly impossible to get a salesperson to even acknowledge me, and then when one finally did come over, I explained what I was looking for and instead of asking me questions about my feet or my running style, he just gave me a vacant look.  So I started to tell him about those things, and he just muttered "yeah well if you want to try something on, let me know" and walked away.  I just gave up and walked out.  I ended up going to another similar business and getting fantastic service and a much better price.  I will NOT be recommending Movin' Shoes to ANYONE.
1	I've had some of the worst service of my life at Movin' Shoes. I went in looking for a pair of shoes for my brother for Christmas and luckily got a salesperson who was attentive and helpful. He brought out a few pair of shoes and recommended his favorites, and also pointed out the small (tiny) sale section in the middle of the store. That's where the positives ended. When it came time to ring me up, I was serviced by someone much older, who appeared to be either the manager or the owner. I asked him if I'd be able to receive the additional discount (~10% off) that my healthcare co offers me. He responded with a "WHAT?!" and said no, because it was already on sale. Yes, I'm familiar with how sales work. I know some stores don't offer an additional discount but I thought I'd ask. He proceeded to tell me that he was shocked I had asked because the sneakers were "so cheap" and that an additional 10% off "isn't that much anyway". I told him that $50 is more than just a few hours of work and he responded with, "Yeah exactly. It's only a few hours." I have never been more offended while buying something and honestly, I should have left the shoes on the counter and walked out. I don't need you to tell me to suck it up when I ask if I can receive a discount. Some advice for the people at Movin' Shoes: don't condescend to your customers. Don't ridicule them for politely asking a standard question, and don't assume what they can and cannot afford. I will never, ever come back here.
5	I have plantar fascitis in both feet and need a REALLY good pair of shoes for walking and everyday.   A friend told me about this store and I dragged my son with me to have a look one afternoon.   I was very impressed by the young lady who waited on me - of her knowledge of my issue and the options for someone with that condition.   I bought a fabulous pair of Ascics and she even gave me a slight discount.   Love my shoes and highly recommend the store for anyone needing athletic shoes or gear!  Top notch
5	I've been a customer of this store for almost 25 years.  Great local business, supportive of the running community, reasonable prices, good people.  They are low-key and sometimes do things in nontraditional ways for a retail establishment, but I'd recommend them to anyone looking for athletic shoes, specifically running shoes.
5	Little known fact (that everyone knows as I talk about it way too much):  I run. From 5k to marathons, if a race ends with a beer tent, I most likely will be there.  A runner's most important piece of equipment are their shoes and Movin' Shoes does a great job making sure you are fitted properly.  Not only do they do a good job assessing your running style, they know every detail about every shoe they sell.  I trust their opinion 100% and they have never steered me wrong.  Go there.  Buy Shoes.  Run.  Drink Beer. Repeat as a customer.
5	This place is great overall.  Most of the salespeople are very helpful.  The best thing though, is they have the best return policy and customer service.  I've returned problematic shoes after using them for weeks.  No questions asked.  They'll also give a 10% discount on 2+ pairs.
5	Well they exchanged a pair of shoes I had been wearing for 2 weeks when they noticed a problem with the fit. I could go on about other positive aspects of my experience but to me that alone is enough. Unsurpassed customer service. I will not be buying running shoes anywhere else.
5	Owned and operated run by a madison runner.   so why not keep our $ right here.  Very helpful-- encourage you to . try them before you buy.   They will watch your stride and guide you to a shoe.    Maybe be a few dollars more for a pair-- but otherwise you get to help yourself to a box at Famous Footwear.
