3	This Village Pub is one of the nicest of this small Las-Vegas based chain of pubs.  Both ordered easy over eggs, breakfast potatoes, bacon and wheat toast.  This restaurant is a few steps up the food chain from Ellis Island which it shares common ownership.
3	The Village Pub is a fun little Pub on Eastern Ave.  This Las Vegas based chain of Pubs offers great breakfast specials and good drinks 24 hours.  The Pub itself has the feel of a TImber's lodge or Sierra Gold more than your neighborhood Pt's.  Overall, a nice place to stop in and grab a drink.
1	I have been a village pub customer since they opened in 2005. The food used to be good and inexpensive. They used to have the best lamb dinner on Sundays. Now the food sucks and is expensive and they got rid of the lamb dinner. This is the location on eastern and wigwam. The service is now awful. Chantel the manager is awful and rude and phony. The whole place has gone downhill in the toilet!!
4	We always get good service here. I don't remember her name but we usually have the blonde waitress and even when its busy she keeps it handled. Mom and I usually get the steak special but I haven't had anything bad here.  I have tried the chicken fingers, potato skins, breakfasts and brownie dessert. Everything has been a win so far! The prices are good and I never leave hungry. This is one of my preferred bars to munch at. :)
4	I asked the front desk manager at the Hampton Inn if there were any good restaurants near by. Travis recommended The Village Pub just a short walk around the corner. OK. The Village Pub is in an old strip center. It is so totally non descript from the street that I nearly walked right by it. It is an old, creepy red leather,  red carpet pub divided in to two sections, the smoking, drinking section and the non smoking restaurant section. I sat in the restaurant section. I asked my server what their signature dish was and without hesitation he said the fish and chips. That is what I ordered along with a glass of merlot. I know, I know you are supposed to drink white wine with fish. I was in a creepy old Las Vegas Pub so I took liberties and ordered red. The fish and chips were delicious and I am not kidding! The size of the serving was crazy big. The clientele was interesting. Overall, I enjoyed my dining experience at the Village Pub. If I stay at this particular Hampton Inn again, I will come back to the Village Pub for the fish and chips.
4	Better than average food for a bar.  Good prices, especially for their specials (some of 'em not advertised).Steak and Eggs breakfast is specially priced before 11am on weekdays and before 2pm on weekends, but their coffee sucks... really bad.Orange Roughy is great.  They also serve the best fried chicken in LV, however I'm not sure they sell it anymore.Service is haphazard... which isn't a bad thing.  The same waiter that serves you probably won't be the same person that brings it to your table.  It's more like a team than an individual server.
3	I've only been here for lunch. When I went the place was a ghost town. I almost decided to not go in, but I'd heard people say the food was good. They have a small lunch special menu from 11-2 that has 4-5 items to choose off of. Most are moderately priced at $5.95. I selected the taco salad. It was good however there was nothing special about it. It was a nice portion and tasty. The service was very nice and prompt. I have nothing negative to say about the restaurant, just nothing stood out to make me want to return. I wouldn't refuse a return visit, however.
5	John and Rachel are wonderful here. Food is delicious and service is excellent. Prices are great also. Jamie is also very good as well. Brandon is great too
3	Regular visitors for years. Food only for us...no machines.  Like the room and the food. Must be good value as it always filled with seniors.
5	I've never lived in Henderson/Green Valley, but have been to a couple of the village pubs around town. I've never been to any more than once, but it always seemed to me they were dark, and the bartenders were always incredibly attentive. They have microbrews on tap instead of standard fare, but I can dig it. The food is mostly great! I haven't had anything bad, just one dish was kinda oily. They have $2 happy hour specials, half price apps. I don't know about the restaurant, but in the bar area, everyone has been ridiculously good looking. When the cooks come out to serve me my dinner, I start drooling for reasons unrelated to food. ;) And if you're into machines, it seems to be pretty good. They've held onto some of the OOOOOLD school Gamblers Bonus machines.  You can bet up to 100 units on the blackjack and double down on things other than "11", so that's super dope, if you're into that. It's definitely an older crowd too.
5	Vegas has the advantage of giving us Two Worlds. One is the world of the Tourist Elite; The finest hotels, clubs, amenities, entertainment and dining are all here for them... and we can enjoy some of them on occasion to "splurge". The other world is our  world; The "Locals" World. Casinos with better deals and smaller lines. A room for $30 when you don't feel like driving home. Fremont Street when the Circus isn't in town. Bars and clubs with 1/2 off specials and table/bottle service that doesn't cost a car payment. And a 24 hr bar/ fine enough dining venue for a 24 hr person. That place/s is the Village Pub.Their Steak and Daily specials are not to be outdone in price or quality. The room gives you a "Classic Vegas" feel with big red booths, wood trim and a service that makes you feel like you ARE the Big Wheel in the room.  The sports bar is sealed off so no smoke to affect you. They have locations all over town so there's always one nearby. And the prices? The way I eat (BIG)... you can sit , eat well and enjoy for what you would be paying at McDonald's. Nuff said.
5	Great for breakfast, lunch, and dinner...Best ribs around !!  A lot easier than going to Ellis Island !!!  Staff is great too !
5	From the staff to the "regulars," this is by far the best place in town. The food is terrific, the staff (particularly John, the manager) treat you like family, and you can't beat the value.
4	Try the cobb salad. It's fantastic. A bit dreary inside, very dark, but the food makes up for the lack of atmosphere. Great place for breakfast too.
5	A great local place. Ok so its a bit dark, but the prices cannot be beat $12.99 for a rack of ribs. They also have one hell of a happy hour! 1/2 price drinks that are already cheap as the dickens and half price appetizers. Give this place a try instead of fast food. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	A family friendly bar with seperate dining, great food, and great prices. Love their dinner specials!
5	The staff, the food, the gaming... It's my favorite spot... A nice reminder that there is a home away from home and it's just around the corner.. My favorite bartender is Jamie! The Thursday night girl.. She keeps it clean and fun and always has a recommendation that suits the chefs eye! This place will always hold a special place in my heart that makes my mundane 9-5 just a bit more tolerable.. Thanks for everything Village pub. You're the apple of my eye!!!
5	I have been to The Village Pub at this location several times.  I'm not quite a regular but I'm close to being a regular.  I always eat in the bar area even though I don't smoke because of the big screen t.v.'s.  It doesn't matter what shift I walk into the place on the bartenders greet me by name and by the time I have a seat at the bar my drink is waiting for me.  They remember what I eat as an appetizer and how I like it ordered.  I have had several items on the menu and all have been really good.  As far as bar food goes this place has it right.  Great food very good pricing and most importantly an amazing staff that seem to be happy at work.  A few food items I've had and loved the Chicken pot pie, chicken wings, philly steak sandwich, and the breakfast special.
5	Our second kitchen. We are here at least once a week. The food is great at most Village Pub locations, but this specific one is special. Kathy the manager really cares and is sure to welcome new customers and stop to chat with regulars to make you feel welcome. The service is consistently great, and a lot of the staff has been there for years so you know it's a good team. The prices are very reasonable and the ribs are back to normal and are excellent again! I also love the Village Pub Chicken, the Pot Pie, the Buffalo Chicken Wrap, the Club Sandwich, the Steak & Shrimp, the Ham Steak & Eggs, the Fish & Chips - oh and the burgers. The burgers are so good. ...and now I'm hungry.
5	No wait cheep great food what more can I say we love the staff there great
5	Low PricesBig PortionsGood ServiceGREAT FOOD!!We never leave Vegas with out stopping at any of the Village Pubs.They are all Outstanding!!
4	Good food and good prices. We go here when we want comfort food. They serve generous portions. I usually can only eat half of my meal and take home leftovers. The breakfast is really good. I love their breakfast potatoes! The chicken pot pie is delicious! I have never had a bad meal here. They have daily specials that are a great deal!
4	Always great service, Ismael has is very friendly and knows what we want.  Food is good and priced right.  Since we do frequent this establishment we would love to see their menu change a bit.   New items to choose from.  Other than that.  Great food and service.
3	I have not been here in a long time but my kids came for breakfast and I came to meet them.  They already had their food however their drinks were empty.  We say and talked for a while and finally had to wave the waitress down to get her to stop at our table.  (She passed by 3 times & never acknowledged I was there or that the drinks were empty).I ordered coffee & my son in law asked for a refill on his water.  The coffee came but no water.  After about 5 minutes we flagged her down again and asked for water, this time it worked.After about 15 minutes she came back to refill the coffee' she asked for more water, it never came.  A guy cleaning tables passed by, I stopped him and asked for a refill, he said no problem but never came back.  We watched him come in and out of the kitchen several times but no water.About 10 minutes later our waitress came back by, we gave it another shot, more water please???  She immediately came back with the water and asked if we had ever gotten the refill we asked for earlier???  We told her no and she apologized.Overall the food was good, it's not a bad place to eat but the staff, not sure what is going on with them.This is the best part...the waitress comes back with the bill and as she places it on the table she says, "there is no rush, but please let's know if you find anything wrong on the bill".  That pretty much sums up the level of service here.Good food though as I said, so give it a shot and good luck.
5	We are regulars here eating dinner a few nights a week and breakfast on Saturday. Great menu, decent prices, good portions and the ribs are amazing! Smoke free restaurant which we love since some places still allow smoking. Give it a try and it will become your second kitchen too!
1	I went here every night after work *I'm a casino blackjack dealer) I always came in for the happy hour. I always loved this place, loved the food, loved the service. Till, one night I came in. The bartender wouldn't let me order the happy hour prices. Even though,  it WAS happy hour and I came here about 5 nights a week. When the bartender wouldn't give me the price, I told him to cancel my food order so I could leave. He gave me the bill immediately and told me that if I didn't pay full price, I would be banded forever. I literally left, and despite my favorite food., will never return again. :(
5	Really like Village Pub! Great food, excellent prices. I really like to order a club sandwich but in a wrap with avocado instead of mayo, they make it great every time. I also love their breakfast menu as well.
1	I would like to thank our fabulous bartender whose name rhymes with Bristina... for being an incompetent, unfriendly, and arrogant bartender. Village pub usually has good service but I appreciate the amazing treatment we received. I didn't know we were at Dick's...on purpose. Get em girl! If she's not there 3.8 stars, her there -.8.
1	I'm going to start this off by saying that normally, I love this place. I live walking distance from here and frequent them at least once a week. This particular review is for one specific visit that just turned me off so much, I'm going to take a break from being a patron.During Football season my friends and I like to come here to watch, especially the morning games on Sunday. The game specials are great! And we spend a few hours there for a great price. Not to mention the morning bartender is wonderful and we can't wait to come back.This past Sunday my team was playing the 5:30pm game, so the regular staff we're used to wasn't there, but we've had this bartender before and we put our orders in which came out in a timely manner. The issues started when the rest of our party arrived and things started picking up in the game.The extra 3 people at my table put in there orders within 5 minutes of arriving; drinks came out quick, all was hunky dory. Then a few minutes later one of the teams scored a touchdown and a party across the bar cheered loudly for a moment and laughed because the rest of the bar was quiet. We laughed as well because we were cheering for the opposite team, then this was when things got weird?The bartender (who is mentioned in another review concerning the same game) seriously scolded the cheering party for being "too loud" and said this wasn't a "PTs or Kopper Keg". Excuse me? You're a bar that has the game on THREE SCREENS one of which is a HUGE PROJECTION SCREEN. No one had complained, and in fact aside from my party and their party, there were a total of 3 other people in the bar, who also said out loud "None of us complained".Needless to say this bartender acting this way was a total buzzkill, and not to mention my friends had waited almost 30 minutes for an order of chili cheese fries and 25 wings. Seriously?We left and went to PTs since the bartender suggested it, and I like to be loud and actually be able to CHEER A FOOTBALL GAME without being scolded like a child. I will not be coming back when she's at the bar, you can guarantee that.
5	This is amazing. Great staffs and food. We get treated like family every time we walk in. Ions the service and the food.
2	Has a dark, shabby feel of someplace that had their heyday in the '50s.Very super slow service. The place wasn't even that full of people. But the server was slow AND forgetful. We (and other customers) had to ask for things more than once. A meal that should have only taken 45 minutes to an hour took two hours, due to the slow service. We were seated right away, because you're allowed to seat yourself.We got menus in about 5 minutes.It was another 20 minutes or so before our order was taken.Then, the real waiting began. You know the jokes, "They're waiting for the chicken to hatch." Etc.The chicken pot pie was LOADED with peas. It had WAY too many peas. Otherwise, it was good, but definitely not worth the wait.My dining partner had a steak. He said it tasted okay, but he ordered it medium and it was clearly well done. He said it also was chewy like shoe leather.We ordered a scoop of ice cream for dessert. How long does it take to get a scoop of ice cream? Apparently, it takes a really, really long time. The employees were chatting it up when they could have been scooping the dang ice cream.Also, said ice cream, when it finally came, it had to be the cheapest brand they could find. It was just not right. Couldn't eat it.
3	Hmm I'd love to give this place a higher rating, but one of their "company policies" holds me back. On Christmas, after spending the day with family a few friends and I decided to hit up our local bar for some after Christmas libations... and after a few hours we found ourselves very hungry. I guess eating non-stop for the last few days had our tummies trained. Unfortunately, the kitchen was closed for xmas so the bartender recommended Village Pub and this was the closest location. I downloaded the menu and called to confirm takeout. I spoke to Jamie on the phone and she informed me that she could not take my order over the phone. I would have to come down in person before she could take the order. This was really frustrating as we were only a few blocks down the street and it would have been nice to place the order, so that when I arrived it would be ready. I had already volunteered to go pick it up. Completely inconvenient to wait until I arrive to be able to place the order and then sit at the bar while the food is made. I was appreciative that they were serving food on Christmas, but this company policy will limit my return in the future, regardless of how good the food. Another complaint that I had... I ordered the Prime Rib Special at$15.99, but was informed that there would be a $2.00 up charge for takeout. I don't really understand the logic behind a $2.00 up charge on the special, especially because it was more expensive that either of the other entrees ordered (Steak and Shrimp $12.99 or Chicken Parmesan $12.49) I was also charged $.50 for cheese on my baked potato. I just feel like this is all in poor taste. Once I arrived at the bar, Jamie was very friendly. She made me a $4 Vodka/Water while I waited for the food. Obviously, I don't hold her accountable since she informed me this was all company policy... I mean you can't really argue with that. As far as the food, it was ok. We were hungry and it definitely did the job. I did appreciate that Jamie or the kitchen staff made sure to include creamy horseradish for my prime rib and extra sour cream for my baked potato. There was also lemon that we assumed was for the fish. That was a very nice touch. Staff and Food = 4 stars, Company Policy = 2 stars. Overall = 3 stars.
5	I'm amazed that there are reviews with 1 and 2 stars because all the Village Pub's in the city are the best at what they do: GREAT FOOD!  If you've ever been to PT's or any other local bar/casino/restaurant you'll find that the Pub is about 1000 times better.  And yes, its a bar/restaurant, darkly lit, woodsy, with cool old fashioned booths and chairs.Steak Fries: the best in the entire state.  In fact there are no better fries anywhere.Cobb Salad: it's huge and better than the Cheese Cake Factory, which is 2nd only to The Pub.Turkey Burger: if you don't eat red meat and have to make a choice, choose the turkey burger.  Simply amazing and there is no better in the entire city, Las Vegas included.Fried Chicken: if you've had the fried chicken at the Rio Buffet or Tuscany (which is the best in the city) this is just as good.  All about that buttermilk batter I think.***And finally but not to be forgotten: Fried Shrimp - undeniably the best and I'm comparing to any restaurant in the city, even $40 a plate places.  Nice big awesome shrimp!  All about that batter.Really, you can't go wrong.  Oh and since a lot of the bad reviews have to do with time problems, if you're in such a  huge rush, go and get some crappy fast food and waste someone else's time.  I'm sure everyone will appreciate it. This place is great and the staff is super friendly and fun.
5	Always great food and great service at this location. We come here at least 2 times per Month.
