5	Get ready to open your pie hole.These pies are baked from scratch and very delicious. I've had several flavors and I am planning on returning to purchase pies for special occasions. I can't imagine a better place to order a pumpkin pie from for Thanksgiving. There are cheaper pies out there from your local grocery store, but the quality really shines through in these. If you're willing to drop the "dough" then give it a try. The owner couldn't be friendlier.
4	An entire place dedicated to pie!  That smells like trouble to me.....delicious, tasty, trouble.The hubs and I decided to check out Anita's Pie Shop during their grand opening last weekend.  So far we have tried their apple, pumpkin, key lime and chocolate mudslide pies and all I can say is yum! Not only are the pies tasty but Anita and the rest of the gang are so friendly.  The pie shop is in a cozy space between two other restaurants.  The bright interior makes for a warm and comfortable environment. I highly recommend stopping in for some pie.  I certainly see a lot more pie in my future.
5	Yay for a new pie shop in my neighborhood!  Delicious pie, friendly people, and a community feel - what a sweet place.  I had the blueberry mudslide tonight, prompted by another table of people who were eating their own mudslides and enthusiastically recommending it.  I was not disappointed.  It was really yummy.  And food is even better when the people preparing and serving it are smiling and joyful - which is the case at Miss Anita's.  I'll be back again soon.  I have my sights on the key lime for next time -  that stuff sounds amazing.
5	Met Miss Anita and her kids this week when I stopped in to try the s'more pie. Such a sweet family, and as for the pie can I please have s'more? It was absolutely  perfect with a cold glass of milk!
5	I can't believe it!  A neighborhood pie shop in Coronado and even better, it's within walking distance of my humble abode. A review will be forthcoming...
4	I had the banana cream pie, it was really good! This is such a cute little shop! Miss Anita and the people who work here are so nice and friendly. Definitely coming back for more!
5	The best pie in town!  I had the pear tart and a piece of key lime pie and they were both great.  Miss Anita is lovely and the room is cute too.  This will be a fav of my family's.
5	If you're looking for a light and flaky, sweet and delectable wedge of heaven on earth, Annita's ya girl. Perf to da perf homie ja feel meh? For some caramelized pecans n whatnot t to the a to the s-t-e-y pie u tasty. On the #real tho, Annita is probably the most wonderful woman you will ever meet. Her pies are also the most wonderful pies you'll ever eat. She's the relative you've always wished you had, but instead you get a creepy mouth breathing uncle.
5	I've been to Miss Anita's Pie Shop twice now and have loved everything I've had. First time I got a delicious chocolate pie. Second time I got some mini pecan pies. I will definitely be back soon to try the pumpkin or sweet potato pie.
5	Miss Anita's has the best, homemade pies ever!  And very reasonably priced.  Everything is made fresh daily - so we always call ahead to see what she has....   the turkey pot pie we had tonight was fabulous!!  It's a brand new business and Anita is doing her very best to meed everyone's needs.  Give her a try..... you will be so happy you did!!
5	Awesome! Best pecan pie I've ever tasted! Not too sweet, buttery crust, not soggy, lots pecans toasted good for that good flavor - truly orgasmic!!
4	I loved the concept of a pie shop when everyone is going the cupcake route these days. I tried a slice of the vanilla cheesecake with pomegranate sauce and a berry cobbler. Both were fantastic and fresh, and were great with a cup of coffee. We were the only ones in there and were served by the owner and her partner (?). Very friendly and the place smelled great. It wasn't quite as tea room as I expected though, and is a bit hard to get to on busier days (it shares parking with three super popular local restaurants - Humble Pie, Wy-Knot Cafe and The Main Ingredient). I only wish they weren't $5 a slice! Definitely a rare treat.
5	First of all, Miss Anita is adorable! We ordered the Key Lime Pie and it was great. Definitely recommend this local gem. Check it out!
2	If you can actually get a pie they're very good, but everytime i've gone they're out of pie. Seriously, how is a pie shop always out of pie? And if you buy a groupon or living social, good luck using it. I've been here three times now and each visit has been completely chaotic. I managed to get my hands on the pecan bites during my last visit and they were very good but after 3 visits that just had my head spinning from lack of options, I won't be back.
5	Miss Anita is the end-all in good cooking and customer service.  My mother has many food restrictions and I am always looking for baked goods that are grain free.  Many places bake gluten free but it's rare to find grain free.  I told Miss Anita what my mother could have and she worked out a recipe for us that was to die for!  If you or any one you know need grain free baked goods, order the chocolate pie without grain and you will not be sorry!  The pie won the show and everybody wanted it.I will return for a date night with my 3 year old son this week to try her gluten and grain filled pies.  I can only imagine!
5	I bought a Groupon for the Pie Shop since it is close to home and I love Pecan Pie.  Initially I had a difficult time finding the shop. There is a sign on the door facing 7th Street, but nothing visible while driving by.  The shop was quaint and the staff was friendly. They said it's easiest to place an order for pick up vs. picking up a pie upon availability.  I brought the pecan pie bites to work and they were gone in seconds.  Everyone loved them. Miss Anita said it was her own recipe and I've not had a better pecan pie. I thought there would be too much crust, but the caramel inside balanced it out and I can't wait to have a dinner party excuse to order another set!
5	I've dined on peach, blueberry, and pecan pies at Miss Anita's.  Everything was made to order and well worth the wait.  Really good things in life take time and money.  I don't mind waiting and the hand-crafted, natural pies are well worth the money.  When I want to impress someone, I order from Miss Anita.
5	Miss Anita's Pie Shop is delicious, amazing, tasty, perfect.I ordered a blueberry pie for Father's Day. Best pie my family and I have ever had! Everything was so fresh. The crust was delicious, buttery perfection! Very cute shop setup and the place smells so good! Anita and her staff were all so friendly.Loved this place. Absolutely deserving of 5 stars. I will definitely be back!
2	Love the decor.  Love the staff and I really wanted to support this business, but my pies were not ready the next day like they should have been so I ended up with a rush order of pies with the filling just sitting in the shells.Despite that, the peanut butter cream pie is surprisingly tasty.  Maybe in the far future I will order again to see if there has been any improvement. Two flavors I wasn't fond of:  the cheesecake (it didn't scream CHEESECAKE) or the apple pie (my preference is thin crust, but M. Anita's top and bottom crust was very thick).
