5	I have lived out in Henderson (Horizon and 95) for over 14 years.  This area has been the SLOWEST in adding good retail stores.  I hate using the big chains for my pet store needs but when it's all you have, you don't have a choice.  A few months ago I noticed "Sloppy Kisses Pet Store" was opening in my local Von's shopping center.  I was VERY excited but nervous that they may be over priced.  To my shock they were PERFECT!  I went in looking for the generic brand dog food I was feeding my puppy.  The owners were so knowlegeable about products and how BAD the food was that I was feeding her that they convinced me to buy a better food (for not much more.)  My dog LOVES the food and I feel better about what I am giving her.  They have toys, collars, clothes, treats, food...and all the fun stuff us animal lovers LOVE to give our pets.  They are more of a boutique but they are family run...and they LOVE what they do.  You can even bring your pets in with you to shop!  I bought my puppy a birthday bone and treat set that actually said "happy birthday" on it and a studded collar...everything there is so cute!  I love supporting small, local business and with owners like that, I will NEVER shop at another pet store ever again!
5	Best pet store in the last Vegas area. This store has the best service I have ever seen, they make you want to come back just because they are so nice. They also always have something new and interesting every time you come in. They are always eager to help you find what you need. Defiantly better than the big chain pet stores!!!
5	Neal and team are awesome! This is how business should be. Great healthy alternative goods pet supply and at great prices.
5	friedly, family owned business. Always helpful.
4	Amazing, and I do mean amazing service is what I found here. I got referred here by PetSmart of all places as they didn't have what I was looking for. Sloppy Kisses not only had what I wanted but had choices to boot. And yes it must be mentioned. The owners are hard core KC Chiefs fans. Look at the doggy uniforms inside the door and see where the Broncos jersey is and where the Chiefs one is. As a Kansas Citian in Vegas and even though I'm a Broncos fan I'm still sympathetic to anyone who continues to support the Chiefs....and I'll support Kansas Citians no matter how far from home that they roam....From start to finish I had a great experience in here, service was top notch, pricing was very reasonable, and while they don't have lots of square footage they have the basics covered quite well. When I need pet supplies this is now one of my go-to places. 4 Stars - 4 1/2 if Yelp would let me rate them like that. Service with a smile wins me over again.
5	See Neal. Ask about Steve
5	5++++++ stars!This is THE best pet store I've ever been to, and it's home to some of the best service I've ever received in ANY store in any industry.  I mean it!  I can't believe there are still places like this around - places where the service is always top notch, the people are always smiling and friendly, and everyone is always happy to help.  I never feel stupid asking questions here and I always gain valuable knowledge from the employees.  Not only that, but they hand out free samples like samples grow on trees.  NEVER any pressure or hard selling here.  Just people who care about pets and giving them high quality, trusted products.  We were wanting to wean our pupster off of one food and on to another one that is grain-free.  The store gave us a ton of free samples to go home with to see which our pupster likes most.  They once gave us a sample of healthy dog treats that our dog LOVED so we bought some when we went back.  The proof is in the pudding.  They don't have to push products on their customers.  They simply educate, encourage you to try, and the products will speak for themselves. I am over the moon with this store and would encourage pet owners to come check this place out.  Even if it's not right around the corner.  You'll fall in love too, and your pets will love you for it!
4	I always come here to get my dogs food, treat, toys etc.They have great customer service. they act like they really care about your pets. They are a bit pricey but still totally worth it.
5	It's at the corner of the the 95 south and Horizon Ridge in the VONS shopping centre, East Henderson. If you're going 215 east, take the 95 south split. If you're on the 95 south already, stay on it. From which ever direction you're coming, get off on Horizon Ridge.Awesome shop! I went down based on the reviews and it's all true. Really friendly staff. I went in to look at the grain free selection and I walked out with a bag full of various brands for $22. Sample and small sizes along with a bag of treats my dog loves. Great way to pinpoint my dogs future favourites. I think I got 4 of the smaller sized grain free bags and about 4 samples of other brands. All really high quality pet food. A lot if not all of it organic and very transparent about what the ingredients are. Special fomulations for helping to avoid future cancer in your doggie as well. Interesting brand that one, but cannot remember the name. They don't have grooming anymore but they have some unique boutique items/accessories as well.
4	Very nice store, much better than Petco and whatnot. Very friendly staff, prices were about average for a small store like this. High-end products for sure, they are very knowledgeable as well. We'll definitely be back.
5	Super friendly service, extremely helpful staff, and overall, one of the only pet stores I've ever been to where I believe that the staff not only owns and cares for their own pets, but actually care about MY pets as well.For example, they were out of the raw cat food that I feed my cat ~ these things happen, right? ~ and instead of Just telling me that it would be in again on Thursday, they gave me, free of charge, sample packs of the exact same brand to tide me over until the food would arrive.  They always go way above and beyond what I expect these days, and for that, they'll keep having my business.
5	Great local pet store . Girls are always willing to help or answer any questions. They have their own brand of dog diet food that I get for my lab. So far she hasn't lost any weight on it but it's only been about 5 weeks . So we will see . Sometimes they will give you free samples of treats which is always nice. I still go like to order my supplements and large dog bones online.
5	We've been shopping at Sloppy Kisses for several years now. Love the owners. They are very knowledgeable, have great advice and are not pushy about their products. They special ordered a tarantula for me. The owner recommended a $25 product ilo an expensive vet visit for my hamster's eye infection. This saved our Hammie's life and I am grateful for the advice. Staff is always friendly and helpful.
5	Best pet store in Vegas/Henderson, hands down. The selection here is fantastic for clothes, food, toys, etc. They even have birthday bakery items. Friendly staff and reasonably priced.
1	Decided to take a drive around the Henderson area for my lunch break; wasn't really hungry, so I saw this pet store out of the corner of my eye and decided to go in for a browse around.1.They didn't have an extensive variety of dry dog foods. (I feel Nature's Pet Market has a much larger and more extensive variety of both canine and feline products)2. They had toys in purple baskets that were "buy 2 get one free" and, conveniently, the other toys were in blue (similarly colored) baskets.  Well, I'm color deficient and couldn't see the difference between the two shades; they were just too close to each other.  Why not white and black, or green and blue, or other dissimilar colors that make it easier to differentiate between the two?3.Toys and treats were grossly marked up!*  Honestly, who charges $22 for their smallest, off-brand, Himalayan dog bone?  They regularly sell for ~$10-12 on amazon.com.  Most of the dehydrated treats in bags (~8oz.) ranged from $15-29!-Sometimes, as a business owner, it pays to check what the average market price of items are before you jack them up to unacceptable levels.  As a particularly savvy customer, I take immidiate notice of these inconsistencies.
5	Always friendly and helpful staff - although a little heavy handed on the upsales. I love this little store. They are a bit pricey, but worth it to me.
