1	I was recently at Spa Jema to receive a manicure and pedicure.  The pedicure was fabulous and relaxing however a different girl did my manicure, I believe her name was DeeDee.  Let me just tell you how awful this manicure was.  My cuticles weren't even pushed back, the polished chipped 5 minutes after I left the place, and they were hardly filed or buffed.  The price of the manicure is insane for the horrendous job that was done on my nails. I paid extra to get the paraffin wax treatment which was nice.  My friends who didn't pay extra never got lotion or any sort of hand massage.  The manicure itself was probably a 5 minute treatment.  DeeDee was not concerned with doing a good job, she just wanted to get out of there and go home.
4	My boyfriend and I came here for facials and a couples massage. They were able to do our facials at the same time and had a room with 2 tables for our couples massage. The atmosphere was very tranquil in this older home, turned into a spa. The facial and massage were wonderful and we really enjoyed sitting in the sauna.
1	I don't remember who did my wax, but she was terrible. And I have had many many waxes. Not only was I burned (and had a scab for 5 days afterwards), but I had to give her a tip on how to wax the top part of the bikini and ask her to stop after she couldn't figure out how to properly set-up most strips. It was incredibly painful and took way too long.  She also seemed super nervous. Needless to say I won't be back for that service and I am very disappointed.
5	GO HERE! I'm in town for a wedding and I wanted to get a body wrap. Everywhere I called downtown said they did not have an esthetician to do a wrap. Found this place. What a find. It is in an older building and has been beautifully refurbished. The spa is tasteful, serene and cozy. The owner, Jennifer, is a delightful young woman and the experience was flawless. I cannot say enough. Go here!!
5	I've been under a lot of stress at work and was in town for a conference at the convention center and found this spa on yelp. I was able to make a "short notice" appointment for a massage. The spa was an easy 10 minute walk from the convention center. The therapist was pleasant and the massage was awesome. I wish i was in town longer to make another appointment. I would definitely recommend this place.
5	I went to Spa Jema tonight and had the best massage. The therapist was very knowledgeable and told me the names of my tight muscles and made recommendations on how to loosen them up between massages. I am from out of town but will be back when I come back to Pittsburgh!
