5	If you love accessories and you love a bargain ...you MUST  head to Charming Charlie.  It's a complete dress you up kinda place. The store is chocked full of necklaces, bracelets, rings , purses, earrings , scarves etc. all set up by color and type. Quality is good enough to wear a season but cheap enough you won't be bummed to lose it. Think Forever 21 jewelery but expand that by more  colors , kinds and types. They  have good looking fake pearls, turquoise and gems.   They also have a lot of great vintage looking pieces and little wallets/ wristlets. I know that I will going back and getting lots of fun stuff!
5	My new FIND in the valley. While killing time before my first gown fitting near San Tan, my friend and I wandered into Charming Charlie. Always in the want for new accessories, we were in heaven. But theres also cute tops and dresses. Affordably priced too!  All color coordinated with accessories in each area. The place is big and abundant. But not like Forever 21 so you are overwhelmed. The staff is sweet.. Like I said.. new find!
4	Such a fun place. So many things to choose from. Lots of variety at great prices. It can be a little overwhelming. This is the place to go if you are needing that one little accessory to complete your outfit. Everything is color coordinated so it's easy to find exactly what you are looking for. The staff is also very helpful and friendly. Coming back to pick out a few things I don't really even need.
5	I LOVE THIS STORE!!! This place has everything from shoes and clutches/purses to earrings and rings, ect. they even have wine glasses to match!!! The absolute PERFECT accessory store and all completely affordable prices. I shop there every time I'm in the area visiting family! I just wish they had a sore out here in California!! I'd be there ALLL the time! If you're lucky enough to live near one, I HIGHLY suggest you go!
5	I'm in love, where have you been all my life?  No wonder you're called Charming Charlie's...you've charmed the pants right off this girl.Since I've found this amazing, wondrous place I've been in there at least once a week, I can't get enough.  I don't have enough time in my schedule to allow me to stay at this place for as long as I need to be there.  I have never walked out of here empty handed and it's a great place to purchase a gift for any female. Each room has a themed color full of accessories including bags, shoes, watches, jewelry, dresses and tops.  The jewelry is more unique then the stuff you'll find at For Love 21.  Super cute sandals for summertime, I've already bought 3 pairs from here.  If you need me I'll be here.
5	BASICALLY I love this place!  It's like the "Forever 21" of accessories.  They have tons and tons, and oh, tons of really cute and trendy stuff at very affordable prices.  If I'm looking for that one perfect item to go with an outfit or just want to jazz up my accessory collection, I hit up CC and probably spend 2 hours just looking at everything!  The quality of their stuff isn't awesome but it's just right for the price.  I say GO THERE! :0)
5	I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this cute, boutique!  We were killing time a few weeks ago and just happened to wander into Charming Charlies aka a jewelry fanatics heaven.First, it's visually pleasing.  Each section is color coded which is FANTASTIC.  I headed straight for the purple section.  For costume jewelry, you really can't beat the prices, and the customer service was wonderful as well.My best find, though--three pairs of heels for $15 total.  And I'm not talking cheap, Payless heels.  These are beauties and I got compliments galore when I wore them on a recent trip to Vegas.I'll be back soon to be charmed, Charlie. :)
4	Great place for fun jewelry! Everything is on-trend with great price points! The store is HUGE!  It is divided up into themed sections, colors, patterns, etc.  Definitely go in knowing what outfits you need to accessorize so that you aren't overwhelmed at what to buy.  Great place to buy gifts too.
5	This place is dangerous....Cheap....excuse me, *affordable* price wise, everything Ive bought here has stood up so the quality is good as well. i love that everythings color coordinated, it makes it so much easier to find specific things. I had an exchange and a return from my last purchase, and the staff was super nice and even helped me search the entire store for a specific bracelet.
5	Went here in late November and ended up buying Christmas presents for all the ladies in my family! There was stuff for young and young at heart! I loved how the store is divided by colors. The staff was ok, some more helpful than others. I will definitely be back.
4	Charming Charlie has every accessory any fashion queen would want at a decent price. I love how the place is organized by color. I recommend heading straight towards the BOGO clearance section because there are some great pickings back there for cheap! The only thing I would change is their customer service; I swear there was like 10 employees there and not one offered to help me with anything and when I was ready to ring out I just stood there like a dummy at the register until someone was ready to ring me out, what a hot dirty shame!
5	Everything here is super affordable, and cute!!! Its not super pricy at all!!!!!! I got this really cute necklace and I wear it with almost everything, for just 7 dollars! I love how everything is all color-coordinated! Charming Charlie's one of my favorite stores!! I love it there!!!!  :)
4	Always a must visit for me whenever I got to AZ. Love this place. Affordable and cute accessories. Love the color coordinating.
5	Loved Charming Charlie! This is heaven!Came here last month while visiting AZ!Never been to a C.C. before and I was so impressed with the color organization and selection!Everything from jewelry, scarfs, bags, tops...If you're a girly girl like myself and love cute things or if you're looking for a place to get great gifts for a reasonable price, stop by Charming Charlie. Everything I picked up was around $10-20Can't wait to go back to another location and pick out more things!I'm a fan!-Miss Yelp 2012
4	If you cannot find something here you have a problem lol something to match everyone's taste and style for costume jewelry.
5	Their staff is really nice and upbeat ! Makes my shopping fun ! :)
5	Charming Charlie's is an awesome accessory store. Jewelry in EVERY color and all styles. Shirts, skirts, dresses, shoes, purses, hats, scarves. They have it all!! This store is always clean when I am there. The sales people are the just the right amount of helpful. Not too pushy and in your face. I can never get out without buying something because they have such an awesome selection. Now this isn't fine jewelry. It's trendy and what some would call cheap but it's much better quality then the stuff you can get for $1 from Korea on amazon. They always have the latest trends and they also have a kids section. Great store for the girly girl.
3	What average girl doesn't love Charming Charlie?  A massively-sized, reasonably priced store available at a mall location that is full of handbags and color-coordinating jewelry in any color of the rainbow is definitely a must-visit!Here's the thing, though.  I don't know about anyone else but I'm getting tired of retail stores demanding my personal information before completing a transaction.  I politely declined to give this at Charming Charlie when the cashier became rather angry with me.  I told her I was sorry if it made her angry but that I did not want to give my personal information only to have more junk e-mail and phone solicitations.  Enough already!She explained to me that if they do not collect this information, it makes them "look bad" to their management.  Really?  Why are they requiring this of these young girls?  Putting them in this stressful situation and then placing the stress of it upon the customers is unethical, in my opinion and it makes for an unpleasant, unfriendly shopping situation.  I'm so very sorry that CC did not get yet another phone number and e-mail to sell but at some point, I need to put my foot down!Charming Charlie: I am asking you to reconsider this ridiculous policy.  Please stop requiring your employees to harass customers (who keep you in business) for their personal information so that you can make more money selling it.  Don't you have enough?**Update**I returned a few weeks after writing this review and unfortunately, the invasive practice of collecting customers' personal information (and protesting when they do not want to give it) continues at Charming Charlie.  It makes me want to go in and window shop, but not actually buy anything.  Well, that, or make up a fake e-mail and phone number so that I can still buy a cheap handbag but avoid any awkward moments in the process.  HA!
5	Just love the store, always find something! Online now a bonus. The layout is wonderful.
5	I LOVE this store! They have such a wide variety of cute stuff at amazing prices! I go there anytime I'm wanting a new purse or accessories!  I give gift cards here to any female I need ideas for.
