5	WOW!  Talk about gorgeous and delicious cakes!  This place was around before all the other newer cake and dessert places popped up all over the valley.  Check out their website-- they really are the coolest looking cakes and they taste pretty darn good too! http://honeymoonsweets.com/
4	Finally stopped in today after driving by for weeks.  Tried a few of the mini pastries and a cookie.  The lime panna cotta was absolutely amazing.  Perfectly light and refreshing.  The nearly flourless chocolate cookie is great too.  The tiny blueberry pie was nice but the blueberry flavor was hidden by the sweet crumb topping.  Glad to know it's so close to my office.
5	This is THE place to go for a custom cake!Baby shower cakes, first birthday cakes, insane wedding cakes, everything you can think of!Any type of pie, cake combo (pistacio or strawberry mousse have to be my favorites), cheesecakes (prickly pear, snickers, margarita, etc).Also a walk in bakery now, you can get muffins, crossants, cupcakes, fruit tarts, lamon tarts, brownies, 12+ different kinds of petit fours (aka petit sweets), giant eclairs, berry crostatas, doughnuts, tea bread, tea, coffee, or even a 6 inch tiramisu, strawberry bavarian, or chocolate mousse cake.Only uses quality ingredients & fresh fruit. AND everything is made fresh daily!
5	I ordered a custom cake with one day notice, and was very happy with it. The black forrest cake was delish! I will definitely come back. I am from the SF Bay Area, and have been unimpressed with bakeries in Phoenix until I found this place. It was a nice dense cake that was not overly sugary. All the ingredients tasted fresh, and the service at the bakery was wonderful.
1	I wanted to order a cake for my son first birthday. I went to the store, as I like the cake designs on their website.I didn't ordered right away but got four cupcakes to go: chocolate, vanilla , lemon and  red velvet .The lady told me those were basically same as the(some of the) cake flavors. I am sad to say they were: dry, very dry, so dry and super dry :(  And I went in the morning! After that I decided not to order from them.Maybe it was a fluke but that's not good when you're trying to sell cakes:-sMy rating is based on the cakes/cupcakes.
3	First of all, this place is a little hard to find so you need to be patient and drive around a little.  Anyway, this place is really tiny with like 3 parking spots.  When you go in, you will be greeted with a nice smile. *Selection = not much...but they all look pretty good.*Price = it was about ~$5/piece of cake including tax.*Cake = I liked them.  However, BF and I both thought that it is nothing extraordinary.*Service = very good.  The Tiramisu was out but when I asked for it, they rushed to the back and got it for me.So would I go back? I think I would probably go to AJ's bakery instead but if I ever need a nice birthday cake or wedding cake, I would at least try the cake tasting.
5	So I have worked in the catering industry for 6 years. Which means I work many weddings. Which are droll and predictable at best. As are the cakes. I despise Tammy Coe for her fondant cakes that are blissfully boring yet so cute (why can't I use italics for cute). Many others have little flavor or are repeating an idea that was authored by betty crocker generations ago.This is where Honey Moon is different. Fresh fruit on top. Shaved icing on top in a simple and unpretentious manner. Moist but not disintegrating as you cut into it. Light yet flavorful. Good website. Free coffee. By far this is the only cake that I will steal from a wedding party for a taste. Everything else is fodder.
5	Wow, I just ordered a birthday for my daughter this past weekend...Easter weekend last minute of course and they did such an amazing job! The chocolate cake with dark chocolate mousse was so moist and delicious! It had fun colorful chocolate pieces on top made just as my daughter requested. With such short notice they didn't even flinch took our order and it was beautiful and delicious not many places you can say that about.  And for a custom cake the price was right too!
5	I am a volunteer with a nonprofit that helps moms & babies breastfeed.  We were in need of a cake to help thank the volunteers in AZ and Honey Moon Sweets was kind enough to donate a lovely, delicious cake for the event.  I have returned many times (as have many of the other women who enjoyed their delicious creation) and I will be back many more.
5	They made my wedding cake and it was amazing.  The decorators there are artists. The wedding cake was my first experience with them, sense then I have ordered a number of cakes for different occasions and never been let downs.  They are now making my sisters wedding cake. Also if you like pastry and bite sized sweets they are the place to go. Their cinnamon buns are the best I have ever had.
5	You might have been by Honeymoon Sweets and wondered whether you can just wander in.  It does look sort of like a warehouse from the outside, but you really can just wander in.  Honeymoon probably makes most of its money selling its amazing huge intricate cakes for weddings and the like, but they do have a counter where they sell tarts and cookies and coffee. Their sweets are incredible and everyone just has such a (dare I say it) sweet disposition.  They make everything from scratch using the real stuff (butter and sugar, not canola oil and HFCS).  If you're in the area, stop in for a pastry, or if you are having house guests, pick up a box full for breakfast. And it really is worth it just to stop in and look at their amazing cakes.  They are works of art.  Mmmm, cake-art.
5	I'm at work feeling just horrible because I'm sick and should be home in bed when the secretary comes into my office asking if I wanted a treat.  I never pass up treats, so I followed her over to a big box of goodies she set in the design room.  There were cinnamon rolls topped with cream cheese frosting, an assortment of scones, some sort of danish, and another nut topped cinnamon roll thing.  Yeah, I don't know the lingo and I'm too sick to think.  I stood there wondering what the occasion was.  Turns out a lady from Honeymoon Sweets dropped all these goodies off just to be nice!  What?  Is this for real?  I guess some of my coworkers go in there so often that she thought she'd give us all a treat.  Um, she just got herself a customer for life right here.  I don't care if it all tasted like crap, I'd be loyal forever after that thoughtful gesture.  Fortunately, the cinnamon roll I tried was delicious.  Looks like someone is trying to get on Santa's good list this year.  Thanks mystery lady from Honeymoon Sweets, who I'm sure is probably the owner, you are awesome!
5	All I can say is YUM!!! I ordered my hubby's birthday cake here. He loves tiramisu, and it's a tuff find. They did a beautiful job, and it was incredibly tasty!! Everyone was asking where I got it from. Truly a show stopper.Service is so- so but its worth it!!!
5	I wanted a simple, yet delicious, wedding cake. We were recommended Honeymoon Sweets by our venue, so we decided to check them out. They have a variety of different cake flavors, of which you get to taste them all. The designs range from simple (like mine) to off-the-wall bonkers insane (if you're in to that sort of thang). Our tasting went well and the lady gave us some good pointers. At first, I was leaning towards cupcakes, but that option provides only one cupcake person, wheras a cake will lead to second helpings & possibly leftovers. GOOD TO KNOW!We went with chocolate mousse and amaretto filling. The amaretto is so (mouthwaterringly) good.My mom also ordered cupcakes from them for the bridal shower, their frosting is so smooth and creamy and the cake...delicious.Totally reccommended.
5	It took a year for an Italian joint to accidentally spill the beans on their tiramisu source cuz they wanted me to purchase via them... some lackey let it slip.  It's my absolute favorite, and it's Honey Moon's!Then an old flame actually surprised me w/ an ENTIRE tiramisu cake (the scroll and fruit topping is std and beautiful), and I've been dying to come to their storefront since then.  Passed it accidentally today and made my current flame throw gears into reverse (I kid you not) and back into their parking lot.I'll pay the prices for their dessert... lemon meringue (oh my yum), mini lime tartlet, fruit tarlet (oh my yum x 2), and a choc almond tort for later.  If you bake and you bake w/ quality ingredients, you know making from scratch is not cheap.  I'm willing to pay for goodies I won't make myself....  some girls mani & pedi, I splurge on eats...
5	While I've just placed an order and not yet indulged in the anticipated delicious cake, I am quite impressed with Honey Moon's high standards of customer service (an almost rare characteristic in today's business world).  I was tasked with ordering a special cake two days before the event.  I called everywhere - all the bakeries pompously replied, "We don't do photo cakes - only grocery store chains do that! or "You have to place an order a minimum of a week ahead." -they made it seem like I was an irritation - not as a paying customer.   I called Honey Moons and they said "no problem -come on in!" Our event requires a cake with a personal touch (photo of the guest of honor) - as well as extraordinary, unique and beautiful decorations.  We appreciated the large variety of fillings/cakes to choose from.  I read a couple prior reviews who said the store was hard to find - NOT SO!  If you have an address (606 W. Southern), the best solution is to use mapquest - I found it quite easily - even with the confusion of construction, traffic and a lane closure along Southern Avenue.  There was ample parking (not 3 spaces).  I'll leave another review after the special event (and I taste my special order cake)
5	A friend of mine -- a good friend, obviously -- brought over a box of Honey Moon Sweets petit fours, eclairs, mini-tarts, etc. and an apple streudel to a get-together a couple of nights ago at my house. I hadn't had anything from them in a while, and the goodies were even better than I remembered. Not too sweet, but you definitely knew they were sinful. And they're colorful and beautifully made; very artistic.I had a ton of food and threw quite a bit out, but there was not one Honey Moon Sweet left at the end of the night. This place is a real gem. It's the perfect place for those extra-special sweets.
5	Let me tell you about my first crush in Phoenix. It happened to me when I least expected. I was sitting at my small cubicle during my first job. Birthday cake graced the break room practically everyday but today was different. When I walked inside to sing an out of key version of the birthday song to my coworker, I noticed a masterpiece in front of my eyes. A white cake topped with the freshest of fruit and the creamiest of white chocolate morphed into a piece of artwork. One bite into the white cake filled with fresh strawberries and I was in lust. It later turned into love and I've been happy every since. I silently thank the coworker who introduced me to Honey Moon Sweets because I can't imagine life without knowing about this sweet Phoenix treat. Over the years, Honey Moon Sweets has been my go-to bakery for a special occasion. I've purchased the "basic" cake for birthday parties. Let me just note here that a basic cake from Honey Moon Sweets is practically a masterpiece in any other bakery's mind. When planning my sister's baby shower, I knew exactly where to go. I wanted the perfect cake and a work of art to grace the baby shower table. And behold the Honey Moon Sweets baby cake. It was three tiers, blue with rattles, pacifier, building blocks, a crib, a teddy bear...you name it filling the top. Some of the pieces were frosting creations and some were real toys. It was almost too gorgeous to eat, but we couldn't resist it so enjoyed every bite. It was just as good as it looked if not better. Honey Moon Sweets does a fabulous job of using the freshest of ingredients and you can tell upon the first bite. The scariest part of this cake adventure was the travel time from the bakery to the Biltmore for the baby shower. One wrong move and the cake would have been toast so be prepared to move lightly with this cake in hand. As you can imagine, cakes from Honey Moon Sweets are not budget-friendly, but for what you get from the cake, it's reasonably priced. Just save your coins for a special occasion because it's worth it. I promise.
4	With the fierce competition in the valley between cake, pie, and confection makers, this little sweet treat stands out with its creative concoctions.  There is a reason why this bakery has been Phoenix's top for 14 years!Below are a few of the delectable delights that graced my tastebuds on a recent visit, and it may shed light on why more than 100 of Arizona's top restaurants have featured Honeymoon's desserts on their menus.Maple buttermilk pie with linzer leaf cookieApple streusel pie with dried cranberries and toasted walnuts with orange zestSweet potatoes pecan pieCoconut custard piePistachio pagliacci nut cake soaked in coffee syrup finished with genache and butterI am just "over the moon" about the inventive flavor combinations, not to mention their artful cakes for any occasion.Definitely on my hit list for cakes, pies, and confections.
5	I have lived in AZ for five years now and can not believe I have never heard of this place! It must be because it is on the opposite side of town! Anyway it is absolutely to die for. I tasted several of the petite pastries and got to learn all about their business. Their wedding cakes are unbelievable and they only use the freshest ingredients. I will buy all of my special occation cakes for Honeymoon sweets from now on. Sooooooooo good!
5	Friday at 3pm I called Honey Moon Sweets to order a birthday cake for Saturday.  They were super accomodating and helped me with my selection.   I ordered their classic fruit and shavings birthday cake with white cake, strawberry bavarian cream filling and whipped cream frosting.   The cake looked absolutely incredible and impressed all of our guests.  But the best part was the taste.   Great moist cake with lovely fresh fruit and great flavor.   All of our foodie friends from San Francisco who were visiting raved!  Thanks for putting the icing on the cake of our party!
5	A little late on the review.....but here it is.The cake was absolutely amazing!  Best cake I ever had!  The guest of honor and the guests were very impressed.  My company has had cakes made for special occassions - everyone loved the awesome cakes.  I highly recommend Honeymoon sweets.
5	Needed a cake for my daughter's baptism.  As typical for me, I waited til about a week and half before the event to look for a cake!  :) I went to a few bakeries in the Valley for samples and quotes.  It wasn't until I sampled some of the super yummy pastries from Honey Moon Sweets did I feel like I was going to be happy with a cake.   The desserts they have are fabulous and the STANDARD cake is soooo delicious and very reasonable compared to the quotes that I had been receiving from everyone else.  Since it was their "standard" a week's notice was sufficient.  This cake was absolutely fabulous!  EVERYONE complimented on how pretty the cake was and how fantastic it tasted.  I am soooo glad that I decided to go with them and will be using them again in the future...
4	When I booked my wedding reception at Tempe Mission Palms, I discovered that Honeymoon Sweets would be making my wedding cake as a part of our catering package...free cake?!  Sweet.  The staff was wonderful and our cake was delivered exactly as we ordered it.  We paid $100 to upgrade from a round cake to a square cake, which I thought was a little strange, but I guess it's because square is bigger, which makes sense.  Anyway, the cake was beautiful and delicious.  The buttercream frosting is to die for, and my favorite flavor was the white cake with strawberries and Bavarian cream.  The double chocolate was also delicious.  The cake was moist and decadent.  I highly recommend Honeymoon Sweets for any special occasion.  I will be returning as a customer!
5	Gorgeous and scrumptious cakes!! It was love at first bite from the Yelp Elite event a few months back. I was the fortunate winner of a custom cake. Yesssssss!!!! It was perfect timing, as I used the free cake at a work holiday party I had. And everyone at my party LOVED.... the cake from Honey Moon. It was soooo delicious! Vanilla with buttercream frosting, and I think a hazelnut layer inside. Plus the cake looked absolutely spectacular! (I'll have to upload a photo.)But.... then come Valentine's day and I scored again with a Groupon coupon for a Tiramisu. I surprised my sweetie with the cake, and we loved it! Again, tasted divine!The staff has always been super friendly and helpful when I've been ordering the cakes. Very professional. I wouldn't hesitate to order here again!Oh, and BTW I've seen their "sweets" available for purchase in some Phoenix Whole Foods Markets -- AND even in Tucson! (So you know they're good if Whole Foods is sellin' em!)
4	Got an amazing assortment of pastries from here to serve at my royal wedding watching party on Friday. It was fun to eat such delicate and gorgeous creations - and they tasted delicious, too!
4	I purchased a carrot cake for my Wifes Birthay. Not only did it look great it tasted great as well. It wasnt too sweet or over powering cream cheese taste. I will go back again to purchase more bakery items in the future.
1	I was looking for a local bakery, since the baker my family usually goes to was busy with personal matters, so I looked on Yelp and found Honeymoon Sweets. High ratings, I knew this spot had to have delicious cakes! I noticed on their menu they sold a specialty cannoli cake and I was sold because my daughter loves cannolis for dessert! I knew she would be ecstatic to get a cannoli cake for her birthday. Well I paid $32 for small 6" round cake. My daughter, husband, and myself each tried a piece of cake and all three of us were very unimpressed! The cake was sooooo bland! It was so bland it was disgusting because it tasted like cakey mush!! We threw away the rest of the cake and I emailed the bakery to let them know about my dissatisfaction with the cake. I was informed by email that the owners would be notified, but that was over a week ago, and I have yet to hear from the owners. I really expected the cake to have some sort of flavor, especially since this is one of their specialty cakes! I'm also really disappointed that the owners didn't bother to respond to my complaint. Obviously, this one customer (me), is not worth the hassle.Fair warning to all - do not order the cannoli cake!
3	I'm giving Honeymoon Sweets an updated rating because I was contacted by the bakery yesterday and was offered a more than exceptable resolution. I'd rate them 4 stars for customer service, but to average it out, I give them three stars. Thank you for taking the time to follow-up and contact me.
5	Ok, these guys get five stars from me for many reasons.  Before my visit today my other experience with them was for my wedding cake.  They were very courteous and helpful, although I ended up going with a cheaper option.  Today, however, they definitely earned five stars.I was there for a meetup event.  We got a tour of their facilities.  The owner personally did the tour, and did a great job considering I brought my toddler, who screamed through about 75% of the tour.  At the end, he gave us a cookie and thanked us for coming.  I know that some people think toddlers should be locked away so as not to annoy the general populous, but it's nice to know not everyone feels that way :)
4	I took my daughter on her 6th birthday to pick out a couple treats.  She chose a sugar cookie in the shape of an ice cream cone to eat at home with a glass of milk right after school.  Then she chose a chocolate cream pie to have as dessert with the family after dinner.  Both were yummy.  The chocolate cream pie has a layer of chocolate between the crust and the filling.  I enjoyed it and will go back again.  I believe the cookie was $2.99 and the pie was $13.99.
3	We ordered two cakes for our wedding here.  One wedding cake and one groom's cake.  The groom's cake came out way better than I imagined.  The wedding cake was nice.The design appointment was disappointing.  I met with a girl who had to keep going to the back to ask the owner questions about what we could do or couldn't do, what would look good, what wouldn't.  She went back and forth so many times, the owner should have come out and saved us all time and trouble.The cake was the only thing I wound up going bridezilla about.  When it came close to the wedding, cake stuff still did not seem to be working out right.  I wound up sending my mom to deal with them so I wouldn't go crazy.  The wedding cake never turned out exactly as I was hoping for, but it was cute and tasted good.  And because of all the trouble, they wound up giving us a free layer.  Only problem was, they put one of the flavors as the top "save" layer so we still haven't tried that flavor.My work also uses them which is why I thought this was a safe bet to go with.  They always come out great then.
2	I must say I was rather disappointed when I called to try and do a tasting for my daughter's party that was needing a cake for at least 50 people. The lady on the phone said that they did not do tastings for cakes that were for 50 people and that they were booked for six weeks out anyway. My husband and I used them for our weeding nine years ago and were quite please with the quality of the cake and with the service, but it seems like they no longer care, nor would they have received our business nine years ago since our wedding only was for 50 people. Needless to say, we ended up having to go with another cake place that didn't care if we were serving eight people or 1,000. Customer service is a must now a days! Two stars is for what I remember of their yummy cakes.
5	Taste:  (most important)  I've been all over the valley looking for a place to do my wedding cake.  I even considered a few cupcake places.  Of the three specialty bakeries I tried (looking for cake rather than cupcakes), this place has the BEST TASTING CAKE COMPARED TO ANY OF THE OTHERS.  I loved the choc. cake and Bavarian cream filling.  I showed up one morning without an appointment and they let me try what they already had on hand.  I think its reasonable to assume that what I got to taste that day is a good representation of what I will get when my wedding rolls around.Decorating:  flipping through the gallery of wedding cake pics, it seems like the cake decorators here can do just about anything.  Even the most basic options are beautiful.  The price quote I got for one such "basic" cake was a bit cheaper than what I was quoted for similar designs at the other places.  Once I started to look at some of the fancier options the price goes up a bit.  It seems like they charge a little more than some of the other places for sugar roses and stuff like that.Service:  Knowledgeable, friendly, accommodating, informative and overall great, great, great.  FYI: the other little pastries they sell are very very good.  Its worth a visit just for that!!!!Everyone! my wedding cake turned out great.  The guests loved it.  It was exactly what the groom and I ordered.  We where expecting to have quite a bit of cake left over but people just demolished it going back for 3 and 4 helpings!  My mom said it best "I tried the strawberry white cake with whipped cream tier...now I need to have some of the chocolate and Bavarian cream tier"
3	Very overpriced.  Purchased 5 cake pops for $20, wow!  They were just okay.  I would rather go to Starbucks for 1/4 the cost.
1	I have been calling around to various bakeries around the Valley about Wedding Cakes. I have gone in before to buy little cookies and cakes because they are close to my work and they were alright. I think they are a little over priced for what you get. But the reason why I give them one star is that the customer service was HORRIBLE! If I am going to be spending close to $1,000 dollars on a wedding cake for 200 people I not only expect that the food should taste great, but that the customer service is better than that. Just because you have a cake on the front of Arizona Bride does not mean the customer service goes out the window. Needless to say I will be going somewhere else who wants to work with me.
5	I only went to one bakery to taste for my wedding cake - my new hubs actually is not a cake fan so I knew I had to be selective as I really wanted him to come and I knew he wouldn't make it to more then one tasting so I had to nail it! I selected Honeymoon Sweets because I knew that Whole Foods offered their desserts, and Whole Foods and I are good friends and I trust his opinion. There are some poor reviews out there, but we decided to roll the dice and wow was I glad that we did. We had nothing but great service from them - the phone service was a little sketchy like they were multi-tasking while talking to me, but really I can't fault them because I do the very same thing at work. What matters is that they nailed our cake. I actually came in with a sketch of how I wanted my cake to look, which is I think kind of a risky proposition versus going with a tried and true design. The sales lady checked with the cake designer and they said they could do my design, and best of all, with just buttercream frosting to support the design, which is great because fondant is nasty and $$$. So we tasted all the flavors and decided on lemon cake with raspberry mousse (yum) and chocolate cake with coconut cream (double yum). I actually changed the chocolate flavor to red velvet a few weeks before the wedding because unbeknownst to me a lot of people don't like coconut, and the red velvet was a total hit. So how did the design turn out??? ( I will post a photo). AMAZING. I was so nervous as I arrived at the venue and we were taking pictures my thoughts kept drifting over to the cake. I was a little freaked out thinking how it would look, again, only because of the few negative reviews, not because of anything I experienced. So finally I grew some cajones and went to look at the cake. Holy cow it was awesome. It was better then I imagined. After a few friends posted pics on facebook tons of people commented on how cool the cake was. So huge high five to Honey Moon Sweets. We did not have a cake with our package so we had a choice, and we are glad we chose you. The cake vendor is one you don't get to see or thank at your wedding, so I want to thank your staff and your cake designer for knocking this one out of the park!
5	I love this place! I just got back home with my hubs from their bakery and they are so super nice and helpful and their pastries are delicious!
5	What is not to love about this wonderful Bakery. It is in a great location right on Southern in Tempe. If you did not know it was there however, you might not realize what it is. Lots of parking in the lot. Very clean and wonderful smelling inside.Their pastries and baked goods are fabulous. Fresh and wonderful. Plus you can order almost any type of cake that you would like. My girlfriend got me a Tiramasu Birthday Cake here and it was one of the best I have ever had, short of Italy itself.Fresh , creamy, and smooth. The lady fingers were fantastic!If you ever need a cake or even some lovely morining snacks. This is the place to go.
4	Went here in search of something tart or pie-like as a birthday treat for someone (The birthday person doesn't like cake).  They had a decent pre-made selection of small tarts, small pies, and 2 whole pies available (Strawberry rhubarb and apple).  I decided on the apple, which was a very sizeable pie with a cinnamon-sugar crust.  The apple pie filling was delicious, it was just the right mix of sweet and tart and had a nice depth of flavor that made me want to eat more and more!  The crust was decent, I liked the cinnamon-sugar topping on the crust, but the crust itself was a little hard, and not very flaky.  I would like to come here again to try more bakery items!
4	After driving by this place a million times, saying "we still need to go there", finally stopped in.  Boy was I glad I did.  This is a very mom and pops kind of place that you can't help but be behind.  I've read that this place does most of it's business for wedding cakes and specialty cakes, however they do have a case of fresh goodies to choose from a la carte.  This being my first time, I decided to try a few options. I ended up with an individual apple pie/tarte, a chocolate cake with espresso mousse, and a black forest mousse cake.  Honestly they were amazing, and at about $4-$5 it was very affordable.  Can't wait for my next visit.
5	Awesome carrot cake for my birthday!
1	Some of the most awful customer service I have ever received. I had booked my wedding cake 3 months prior. the cake tasted alright. they only use Italian butter cream, that tastes like cool whip. I went in today to place my deposit, and let them know that my venue had changed, and it was not in my control, i had to change it, they asked if they had to go through any "dirt roads" i said yes after you get off the freeway there is not even half mile of dirt road. One of the manager s said they will absolutely not deliver to venues that have dirt roads, because it could ruin the cake. WHAT A LOAD OF CRAP!!!. Then I asked if i could pick it up myself, and she said NO. Very rude people! I have never heard of something like this in my life! Mediocre cake at 5 star prices. Don't waste your time. you are better off going to Fry's or albertsons, and getting better tasting cake and customer service!
5	I was in an emergency looking for pastries and got to Honey Moon Sweets as they were closing. Tim was super nice and opened again for me !Their petit sweets are just what I needed, they look great for a party and taste amazing.
5	My wife bought me a blueberry pie for my birthday from Honey Moon Sweets; she really does love me! :)I am a blueberry pie freak (don't care about any other sweets) and anywhere I can find a slice I get it (hard to find).I have visited South Haven, Michigan, the 'Blueberry Capital of the World' many times and I can honestly say that NOBODY has a blueberry pie as good as Honey Moon Sweets!  The crust could have been a bit better, but I was after the blueberries and they did not disappoint!The best part; I'm the only one in my family that likes blueberries!!!
4	irthday decorations. The guy seemed confused. He told me to pick from the designs shown online.  They were of course all fancy cakes, not what I was looking for. Again I explained that was all too fancy, I just wanted a basic decoration, but I wanted a nice quality cake. He finally agreed to do general birthday decoration. I ordered a marble cake with fudge filling (he said they couldn't do a sheet cake without filling) and buttercream frosting. The cake and decorations turned out great. They used fudge frosting not the buttercream that I wanted. At the party the cake was cold as it had just come out of the fridge. We were less than impressed, it tasted like a Hershey bar, so overly chocolately. Once it thawed to room temp, it was to die for. Tasted great and at the end of the day we were pleased. I would order from here again. ( I wish they would have told me to serve at room temp!)
5	YUM! My work is located down the street from this wonderful bakery. I stopped in just to see what they offered and ended up buying a few petite desserts. The desserts are amazing. I asked for a catering menu for the office and they sent me off with a giant almond coffee cake to share with my co-workers for free. What a wonderful bakery and amazing customer service. I was told by the staff that everything they make is all natural; they supply desserts for the major hotel chains as well as Whole Foods. Can't wait until the next family event so I can buy one of their yummy cakes or pies!
4	The flavors of this bakery are exceptional! Being from out of state, we have found that the prickly pear flavor is our Arizona favorite. We definatly wanted that as a flavor in our cake, and suprisingly enough, Honeymoon Sweets was the only bakery of the ones we tried that actually had it as a cake filling... and it was just as good in that form, as the margarita form! They have been very easy to communicate with, going back and forth in colors and design, especially having to do it from out of state the past year. So, upon arrival of the wedding dinner, they had it set up and ready, just as planned. The design was exactly the colors, and Arizona flare I had asked for. It was lacking just slightly with final detail making it "complete", but then again, i got exactly what I asked for. Being in that type of business, you have to be very careful in what you create, to make the customer happy, but I personally would have liked to see them take the initiative in my cake giving it a final touch for the "wow" factor. But never the less, it was beautiful, and the flavor was fanominal. Thank you all at Honeymoon Sweets!
1	Very unfriendly staff! Everything was "We can't do that!! Sorry" VERY dissatisfied and disappointed. I came because I heard it was great but unfriendly and unhelpful staff turned me off to ordering their products. If you are looking for friendly and helpful people willing to work with you, don't go here!
5	I've been searching for good pastry shops in the Valley for awhile and ran into many disappointments till I cam across Honey Moon Sweets. OMG! It's the kind of pastry I love and missed. Cakes were very light and moist and delicious. They were not over loaded with sugar and too sweet but just right amount of sweetness. Yum! The little ole lady that helped was so sweet and cute. We'll be definitely going back for more.
5	I picked up an assortment of treats to share, and they were a big hit with everyone.Key lime tart: the lime curd was light, with just the right amount of tartness. Shortbread crust was nice and thick, and didn't crumble to pieces while eating. Chocolate peanut butter cake: chocolate cake with a ganache coating and a layer of peanut butter mousse. It sounds like it would be way too rich, but it really wasn't. The mousse was not overly sweet, and the ganache was thinly layered so it didn't overwhelm the cake. The cake itself was perfect.Tres leches cake: I'm used to having fruit in my tres leches cake, so I was surprised to find that this was cinnamon flavored. Once I got past the surprise, it was delicious. The cake was moist without being soggy, and there were little granules of cinnamon sugar mixed in with the whipped cream topping to give it some texture.Tiramisu cake: pretty standard tiramisu. There was nothing wrong with it, but it didn't wow me as much as the other three.All of the cakes were beautifully decorated, and these were only mini-cakes. The full sized cakes and the wedding cakes that were on display in the showroom were unbelievable. Prices were very reasonable, $4 for the tart and $5 for each of the mini-cakes. Full sized fruit pies were $10.50, which is cheap for a gourmet pie. The only reason I didn't buy one is that they were sold out of my family's favorite favors. Next time, I will call in advance and special order one.According to the bakery's website, they offer tours of their facility. I think this is a really nice idea, and it turns buying a birthday cake into a teaching opportunity.
3	We had our wedding cake with honeymoon sweets as part of a wedding package. Everything went well at the tasting (beside a minor complaint of the tasting cake being still semi frozen (we were the first tasting of the day). The tasting cake was amazing and it was nice we were able to keep the leftovers (of which there was very little!) Then a week before we left for our honeymoon we were told our cake would have to be one tier even though we were told at the tasting it would be two tiered. Furthermore this would ruin the design we chose for the cake. Eventually they decided to make good on the promise we were delivered at the tasting after much back and forth. The cake also did not include the layer of strawberries we originally discussed but all in all I was satisfied. The cake was good and two tiered and the paw prints they made on the side were the cutest!
5	Wow,  delicious pastries. A family owned bakery few and far between around here. Back east where I am from each town had a bakery like this.
5	I had always seen this place as I was browsing bakeries online. I was having sweet tooth one day and decided to give this place a try, and what a good choice it was! Its a bit hidden in almost an industrious area surrounded by big businesses, not where I thought you would find a bakery! I walk in and see big fake cakes on display..beautiful creations!! And right in front is the "treat center" I guess i will call it. Filled with pastries and sweets from beautiful cupcakes to key lime tortes. I was greeted by an extremely sweet elderly lady. Her name was Joann and we started talking for a bit about the business. She makes the place more worth going to with her sweet personality. I ordered the Creme Brulee, topped with berries, 2 chocolate cheesecake brownie bites and 2 other chocolate creations. Their desserts are sooo beautiful and unique, they are almost too pretty to eat! Since it was nearing closing time the generous Joann gave me a berry pastry..it was topped all sorts of berries, blackberry, blueberry, strawberry all nestled on a sweet thin crust sprinkled w/ powdered sugar. I thought I wasnt going to like it because Im not a huge fan of fruit..but it was so delicious not too sweet, just perfect all the berries mixed together. I recommend this place to anyone who in for a quick "sweet run" or wanting a custom cake, I will most definitely be coming back here!
4	I had an assortment of pies from Honey Moon Sweets at a work event, and boy are they good! The Peanut Butter Pie is mind blowing! If you like (okay love, who just "likes" Reeses?) Reeses peanut butter cups, this is the pie for you. It's a huge amount of peanut butter filling that tastes like a fluffy version of the peanut butter filling (fluffy yet thick), in a crispy crust, topped with loads of whipped cream. Now it is missing the chocolate so I recommend adding a slice of the Chocolate Cream Pie to round it out, which is also delightful. The pies are so pretty and so yummy. Highly recommend this bakery!
2	My boyfriend picked up an eclair a tiramisu and a chocolate peanut butter tower thing. The presentation was good but the taste was uninspired. The pastries tasted like they had been sitting for awhile. The staff is friendly and I can't speak to their cakes. But you would be better off by going somewhere else for sweets.
2	Ordered a Black Forest cake. Not only was it not made with chiffon, it was without cherry cream, chocolate cream and was flavored with coffee. There wasn't any kirsch or brandied cherries. I got an American cake, flavored with coffee and dotted with maraschino cherries. Beware of what you order, just because it is called something doesn't mean that is what it is.
3	Had the mini eclair and cannoli and unfortunately it was nothing noteworthy.  They aren't located in a fun area and the business seems to focus on decorative wedding cakes.  However the person who helped us was super friendly!
4	My wifey Ann R. and I came to Honey Moon Sweets after looking around Yelp for some nicely-rated bakeries in the east valley.  After scrolling down and reading some reviews, we figured we'd give this place a try.First off, if it wasn't for the GPS, we probably would've blown past this joint.  From the outside, it looks like a warehouse despite the decently large "Bakery" sign outside.  We were expecting a cute little shop with little cakes on display in windows and such and that didn't happen.  We're never one to judge based on the outside appearance so we parked and strolled in.  Upon entering, there's a tiny display case of sweets and a modest room of wedding cakes to the right.  Since one attendant was assisting a party order and the other was ringing up a couple other patrons, my friend and I decided to take our time looking at the delicious pastries in the case.  I ended up buying a chocolate cake pop for Ann R.'s nephew, three German Chocolate Towers, two Key Lime Tarts, and two cupcakes with butter-cream frosting for our coffee date with Brett B. later on in the evening.Being that the wee-tot nephew was three, he devoured his cakepop without a second thought.  I personally enjoyed the tarts more than the chocolate towers.  The tarts were so flavorful and had just the right amount of pucker that left me drooling after ever bite.  I also liked how crispy and buttery the shortbread crust was too!  The German Chocolate Towers were moist, chocolatey, but a tad too sweet for my liking.  The coconut flakes seemed to want to lodge itself in my esophagus so I didn't care for that sensation either.  I'm not sure how the cupcakes went as they were gifted but Brett B.'s grand-tot looked cute in the picture he Instagram'd!  Regardless, I'll probably swing by again!
5	Yummy for my tummy.. Very classy, delicious and fast. I called three days before my event for a last minute cake and they pulled through with a delicious beautiful product. Bravo
5	Amazing!!! Everything here taste great! I have been using Honey Moon Sweets for years. They are my secret weapon, whenever I need to bring a pie, cake or any other sweet to an event they are my go to bakery and have bailed me out of tons of last minute jams. The staff is also so super great and friendly. I can't wait to use them for my wedding!
5	I was in town for work and wanted to bring my Phoenix-Tempe area team members a special treat, so I was searching for a local bakery that makes pies.  I am so glad I found Honey Moon Sweets!  Their website doesn't hardly do them justice, but I was intrigued and after researching the reviews decided to give them a call.  For a small shop, they offer a WIDE variety of baked goods ( I.e., cakes, pies, cookies, etc.).  Though they have a selection available in their front case, your best bet for something special is to order ahead.  When I called, the owner was extremely nice, offering suggestions as to what they could do.When I arrived to pick up the order, again they were very helpful and pleasant.  I also had a chance to peek at the items in their case...it all looked beautiful and scrumptious.In the end, I preordered (recommended) two of their caramel streusel apple pies.  My team was thrilled and the pies were delicious!  I definitely will return and have highly recommended them to my Phoenix friends/co-workers.
5	My wedding day I wanted to surprise my husband with a very unique cake. A zombie cake! I made sure to tell them not to contact the groom about any details! Well, the surprise went off without a hitch! Our cake was so unique and they did a fantastic job! I couldn't be happier with the look and taste of our cake!
4	The main business definitely is wedding cakes or custom orders, but there is a small display case of treats. I had a strawberry rhubarb tart that was delicious--nice strudel topping and a good crust. Also ordered coffee, which was solid, but nothing amazing. I wouldn't say this is somewhere you'd linger, as it's in an industrial area of Tempe and there's not much seating. Probably best to grab something and go.
1	Absolute worst experience we had at a bakery.    posted 4/30/2014 (updated 5/1/2014)Honeymoon Sweets was the bakery we were told we had to use in order to take advantage of the "included cake" with the package we had with our venue. The tasting they offer is one solitary cake, with chocolate cake on one layer and white cake on the other. That's it. White & chocolate to taste. Not exactly a "tasting." They also have spoonfuls of various fillings, but it was very difficult to see how they would combine given the limited amount of actual cake to take with each filling. And if you wanted something other than white or chocolate cake, you'd have to pay $15 for each flavor just to try it. This was not told to us ahead of time, so we left the tasting feeling deflated and very dissapointed, knowing we'd have to settle on what we wanted. Additionally, when doing our consultation, they were all about saying "no that isn't possible", "no that isn't included", or "we can do that but it will be $x more per serving." They use a tasteless buttercreme icing as well and are unwilling to do a traditional american buttercreme. Overall, they were a nightmare to work with, and had to be reminded constantly to respond to questions, whether via email or via phone.I wouldn't recommend Honeymoon Sweets to anyone.
5	Delicious cake!! We got a cake for my son's first birthday party. All of my guests were blown away at how amazing it tasted. one of my guests said "usually the pretty ones don't taste good." But this one did. Thank you and we will be back for sure!
5	Bought 3 mini cakes Coconut Tiramisu Lemon merengue Absolutely delicious cakes. Will def use them for birthdays coming up in the fall / winter
5	Three of us tried two cupcakes and they were delicious. Creamy - not too sweet icing and moist chocolate and carrot cake. The person serving us was polite and helpful in making choices.
1	RUDE!I have waited a year to write this review, hoping that maybe I would cool off from my experience...My fiance and I went in to pick out our wedding cake, we KNEW that 3 weeks before the wedding was short notice...but we planned our wedding in 8 weeks total. When we arrived the lady had us wait for about 15 min...there was not one single person in the bakery...She asked me when the wedding was and I told her the date, she laughed in my face then said, "who told you to come here???" (very rude)I told her that our venue uses them...she went into the back...took another 20 min to bring out cake samples (we made the appt a week in advance, I expect you to be ready and prepared when we arrive. period)we tried the cakes, after about (literally) 3 minutes she said, "what is your decision?" -excuse me. I JUST tried the first flavor...this is our wedding cake...can we have some time to try all of the flavors?I said, "we aren't sure yet"She RUDELY said, "well I will just wait here, it isn't like I have anything else to do today.."ACTUALLY you don't. this is your job. suck it up or quit.we picked a flavor and then she had us wait AGAIN for her to get the color swatch.We picked the swatch, then I asked her how much it would cost to place gum paste flowers on the cake, she then AGAIN laughed at me and said, "well that is going to cost you a lot extra" -obviously......then proceeded with, "and well we don't have time for that because those take 4 weeks to set before they are hard, so we can't do it all....."LOL for your information, I grew up in family owned bakeries...4 weeks in what world?My husband at that point almost walked outshe kept telling us how late we were, how we couldn't upgrade our cake at all so we had to decide on a simple one or not get one.the day of the wedding, the cake was dry...and our guests complained. I am so disappointing in their service and quality.
5	I will never order cakes from any other business again. "Honey Moon Sweets" is the most excellent bakery here in the valley! Very prompt as all of my orders are made as promised. The staff is very friendly and always provide great customer service (Candace was a pleasure and has helped me several times). And I certainly could not finish this review without mentioning how delectable these confections are. Indeed, the ingredients always taste fresh.
5	I didn't get to finish my checkin so to contribute to the reviews... The entire experience was great! Made the appt and they give you an hour- you will need it. They have some coffee if you're an early morning appt, so don't worry about stopping before.  We also grabbed the delicious fruit crispy pastry that was fresh, crispy and delicious.  Stacy was very sweet and after she described her husbands birthday cake and that he also used to be a chef, I just want to be their best friends and BBQ on the weekend.  Highly recommend this place!  I've read other say the wedding day turns out delicious and I can understand why they come back for left overs because I started small bites to taste each flavor but ended up wanting it all.  The peanut butter is fantastic... Wow.  Will follow up with a review after other tastings if needed and after the wedding day!  Thx Stacy!
5	I had a wonderful experience tasting cake for my wedding. We worked with Stacey and she was very down to earth and friendly. It was just a very well put together presentation. Delicious and natural cakes with a lot of different options. The peanut butter filling was stupid good. I didn't expect to like it so much! :) Great bakery! Highly suggested!
4	For years I've heard how outstanding Honey Moon Sweets cupcakes.I visited the Rockefeller shop and it was fairly crowded but fortunately there were no long lines outside.I was disappointed that they only had chocolate, vanilla, and red velvet left for purchase after all this wait I was stuck with the basic flavors.
2	I placed an order for a Birthday Cake one week in advance to ensure I would get what I had requested.  I picked up the cake on Friday for the Saturday Party.  I ordered Chocolate Cake with Butter Cream Icing and when the time came to cut the cake much to my surprise it was more of a cool whip type frosting and white inside.  The birthday girl only likes Chocolate Cake so it was a total waste of $65.00.  When I contacted the Bakery the first time I was told by one of the staff members they would get back with me.  One week later still no phone call so, I had to contact the bakery again in hopes of finding out why I did not receive the cake I ordered.Once they finally, called me back they wanted to blame me for the mishap as though it was my fault for some reason.  They offered no type of compensation for the issue and frowned upon the fact I even asked for something.Once again staff member stated they would have someone call me back and as of today, September 29th it has been 2 weeks and no call or consideration of my issues have been addressed.
5	They have delicious pastries! I've been searching for so long for a near by bakery & turns out that this well hidden place happens to be near & delicious. Also it's the cheapest place bakery I've ever been to so I'm not disappointed!
5	Best Cakes in AZThe Bavarian Raspberry, Chocolate buttercream, their pies are great there just isn't a bad piece of bakery in their shop.
5	Had to get a cake for our wedding anniversary and the wife's birthday. The cakes are designed artistically and tasted great! The positive reviews is what made me come here. Thank goodness for this place..this is really cake heaven!
1	Omg!! Omg!! okay all... beware of this bakery... !!!!!!   there are so many choice from home grown bakeries to franchises.  This bakery was sooo disappointing!!!!!   A wedding cake and cupcakes were ordered for a small wedding of 80 or so guests.  The flavor profiles offered were minimal and the service was at best mediocre.  Now, when a bakery states a " mousse filling" one would expect light fluffy and melt in your mouth.  What was given was gritty/grainy and bitter.  When a frosting is offered as an italian meringue buttercream, it should not taste like "grease" or taste like it has been int he fridge for days uncovered!!!!!   The cake base was unbelievably " dry" .  There was a chocolate base with peanut butter mousse and a white cake with lemon mousse........  there were more uneaten cupcakes left on the table or in the trash.  The top of the wedding tower was a solitary round cake, chocolate cake with the so called buttercream frosting: it was sooo thick and tasted like grease!!!  There is even more to this... the cake was to be delivered 1 to 1.5 hours before the wedding ceremony.  the cake arrived during the wedding ceremony!!!!   The staff at the venue just threw the cupcakes on the provided stand.  The bride was so panicked: after the ceremony she was asking is the cake here.. over and over!!  She should have been focused on her special day .... There was absolutely no decoration on the cupcakes !!  No sugar flakes for sparkle, not even a hint of " bling" .  Again, I felt so bad for the bride on her special day!! I would not reccommend this bakery to anyone.. there pricing was moderate and the product was sub-par at best.I see many reviews for a wonderful product offered here, but  judging a book by the cover doesnt always mean a happy ending!!!
5	Picked up a Carrot Cake today for a group of employees that share the same birthday month, I was not sure if I would eat any because I don't eat many sweets but I had one small piece that turned into many larger pieces and now I'm hooked! Everyone loved the cake including myself and a amazing job was done on the decorating of the cake.
