3	I remember the Red Lobster when they used to be incredible.  Now, they are just middle of the road.  They have become what they are:  a restaurant chain.  But my son loves them [he's 8], so we go there from time to time.  When we were younger, we went because the food was good to decent, and it was relatively inexpensive.  However, the food is still good to decent, but their prices have crept up to the point where they are no longer a bargain.
2	My girlfriend's favorite restaurant is Red Lobster.  (Can I get some sympathy?)Since this location is near my mom, and near where we used to live, I've been there a lot.  Yea, I like their biscuits.  And the food isn't particularly bad or anything.  But DANG it's gotten expensive for what you're getting.  And the lines at this particular location can be insane!  We've had an hour's wait before.  An HOUR wait.  For Red Lobster!  Sigh....   I will say that we had a good experience not too long ago.  We went to the bar, as the wait was long.  We found out that we could order directly at the bar.  The bartender was our best server in a long time at that location.  And of course, we never had to wait long for a drink refill.  If you're thinking about going I suggest you sit in the bar.  This will never be a place I suggest between the long waits and value for what you are and aren't getting.  But... she loves the Ultimate Feast and nothing will ever change that.  So I'm sure we'll end up going again....
4	Red Lobster can sometimes get a bad rap, but I had a blast there this past Friday night. We got there around 6:30pm and the line was out the door. No biggie as we had nothing else to do and we wanted the endless shrimp. Plus my friend had never been to a Red Lobster and it has been about 2 years since my last visit. So after waiting only about 30 mins we got seated and were on our way to pigging out. First off, let me give a special shout out to our waitress Carina! She was very sweet and took great care of us. Thank you Carina! So we both knew that we wanted the endless shrimp meal but being the hungry people that we are, we also ordered the appetizer that had stuffed mushrooms, fried clams, and bacon wrapped scallops. YUM! Everything came out piping hot and was very good. I mean bacon wrapped scallops. HELLO! Best of both worlds. The cheddar baked biscuits were still as good as I remembered and fresh out the oven. My friend loved them and was very excited that they brought out more once we had downed the first batch. Oh I also have to give a special mention to the Triple Berry Sangria that they now offer. WOW! Now that is some yummy sangria. Almost as good as mine (LOL) but seriously very good. Now on to the endless shrimp, we each got to start off with two choices so I chose the teriyaki shrimp and the cajun shrimp and my friend had the garlic shrimp and the coconut shrimp bites. They both come with your standard salad and side of french fries, mashed potato, baked potato, rice or veggies. My friend bumped it up and ordered the lobster baked potato. Needless to say that was one of our favorites as well. So back to the shrimp. OMG they were so good, and as soon as Carina bought out or dinner she asked us if we wanted to go ahead and get started on another order of shrimp so that way, but the time we may be done with our first order, more shrimp would already be on the way. She did this for us each time and I finally threw in the towel after my 2nd order but my friend ended up having about five orders. Carina let us know that our first order has ten shrimp in each dish and the orders after have about 7 or 8. Weird but hey, keeps the waste down I suppose. I was beyond stuffed when it was all said and done and very happy. The head manager came over and said hello and to make sure that we were happy with our meals. Very nice. Needless to say, it was a great time and the food was very good.
4	Who would Yelp about Red Lobster? I'm going to! Sometimes, the biscuits, crab legs, and fried goodies on the menu are what's called for. I've been going to this location for about 20 years. The menu is the same as the others, but I've come to find out that this particular Red Lobster is a favorite child in the chain. Consistency and quality of the food are under a microscope here and the service is held to a high standard. They know what they are doing here. I'll go back.
3	I thought I was done with Red Lobster when I got rid of my ex.  Mind you I don't hate the chain but I have never been really impressed.  However the birthday girl wanted their crab legs so off we went.Arriving about 6:00 for an early dinner we were given a place in line which took a little over 30 minutes to get seated.  There is only so long a 5 year old can keep occupied with the lobsters in the tank.  If it had just been L and I we would have taken a seat at the high tops that were part of the bar even though she doesn't drink.   When were seated we were told it had been like this since about 3:30.  Starting just after we were seated it started getting quieter as fewer tables were occupied but we noticed as we left about 8:00 that with about a fourth of the tables empty there were still about 4 parties waiting to be seated.Apparently one of the reasons they were slammed early was the all you can eat shrimp which two of us partook of.  The women chose to build their own feast and the kids got chicken fingers and linguine shrimp respectively.  To start with us adults got lobster stuffed mushrooms which were pretty good.  One of the supposedly good things about a chain in this price range is the predictability, tasty but not great,  of the food and overall we were not disappointed.   The let downs were the crab claws J went there for, the coconut shrimp both of the women ordered and the blue cheese dressing.  The stand outs were the salmon and key lime pie L ordered (and I got to share :-)).  I wasn't noticing the amount of salt with oils as I ate but after I got home I had 4 big glasses of water.The service was spot on the entire meal.  K was not wanting for any of his 6 shrimp orders (oink).  There were no mistakes and every thing for the two kids was given priority.   That's pretty good for a chain, especially as we were a party of six spread across a 60 year span.Given my past history with the chain I would have given them a 2 but this experience earns them a solid 3.
4	Dined at RL on Saturday night with the girls (wife, daughter, and M in Law).  Surprised to see how busy it was for a Saturday @ 6 but that's the crowd they draw.  Waited the quoted 20-25 and got seated and greetd by our "Seafood Expert" Tim.  Ordered the Shrimp Trio and got what I expected. M in Law not too happy with her fried shrimp size, but matches the price I quess.  Very accomodating in getting the "Seafood Hater' daughter a plate of linguini with butter.  Wifey had the Cedar Salmon grilled on a plank, very happy.  Drinks were cold, cheddar bisquits were abundant....overall good time.
4	I'm not a fan of corporate restaurants, but we know quite a few people that work at this location so we like to stop by and see them once in a while.  I don't know if all RL's are like this, but they seem to hire the best kids here!  All the staff is hard working and seem to work together to make sure your meal comes out in a timely manner, etc.  Love the grilled fish menu (trying to stay on the healthy side) and they will make modifications to your order without hesitation or grief.  I wish there were more of a selection of sides, (asparagus or something on the healthy side) but that also might just be my taste buds.
4	Great service...good food....
1	I would rather eat a raw fish out of Tempe Town Lake than have to sit through another disgusting meal at Red Lobster. Gggggeeeeerooooossss!
2	The food and service here is as good as any chain restaurant. What I really wanted to yelp about is, that I was there last night with my 81 year old mom in a wheel chair. The restaurant is not designed to accommodated handicapped people.  The tables are too close together and we were bumping into chairs as we proceeded to and from our table.  The bathrooms have heavy doors that are not handicap friendly.  Mom was not able to independently open the two doors to enter and exit the restrooms. It is a shame that my mother (who likes the Red Lobster food) will no longer be eating at THIS location!
4	I agree with Ebony that sometimes Red Lobster does get a bad rap....but this location is a very good one......as long as you get here early (LOL). This locale is always busy.....but the food.....customer service....and the overall ambience of the place really shines. Molly was our server when the wife and I visited this locale for dinner this past Friday night. Right now they have a 15 dollar 4 course meal promotion.....and I am telling you it was the best 15 bucks I have ever spent. I started with the New England Clam chowder.....this is my favorite soup in the whole world BAR NONE. Then I had the Caesar Salad with the Cheddar Bay biscuits which I always have two baskets of ....because those Biscuits will really make you hurt someone they are so good......(LOL). I had the Shrimp and Grilled Chicken in a great garlic and butter sauce with garlic mashed potatoes.....OMG.....the chicken was so juicy and the potatoes just melted in my mouth.Dessert was a very rich and delicious Key Lime Pie......ALL THIS FOR 15 BUCKS......WOW. I felt like I was stealing in a way (LOL) but again if there is a better deal in the valley for a dinner this good.....please let me know. So run don't walk to you nearest neighborhood Red Lobster and try this deal before it's gone. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	What can you say about Red Lobster.  It has been around for ages and is just flat out hit or miss.  Some days the food is great, some others, not so much.  What I'm beginning to believe in my old age is that this is just the nature of fish places.  You are only as good as your fish you get off the truck that day.  I mean really...  We live in the desert.  Getting fresh seafood here is a challenge at best.However, this... was a good day.Everything was fresh and tasty, the wait staff was nice and the price was not horrible.  (The drinks kick it up fast tho)   Damn you long island ice tea! A good experience and we'll go again.
4	Arrived at 5pm on a weekday in a party of three. Seated quickly, served beverages promptly. Got our order and was out within the hour. We did order three festival of shrimp orders and one came lacking an item, it was served promptly with apologies and more biscuits. Our discount coupon was accepted and the bill didn't hurt. Would go again when in the area.
5	Red Lobster on Mother's Day..As a person with a lot of experience working in the restaurant business, I am a firm believer in the worth of a restaurant being based in several components. I like to take a look into the entire staff, not just the servers and kitchen (I.e. food etc. ). I came in early to get the name of our big party on the list ahead of time with my younger cousin and was greeted with smiles, hellos and hospitality. I notified them that we would probably not be a complete party until a little while  after we got a table and the manager on duty insisted that we sit anyway. Now, as much as that is not an ideal situation for the restaurant, it was great that they were still willing to do that. The bar tender took the time to get me some coffee while I waited and furthermore took the time to leave her station and get cream for me as well.  Our servers Brittney and Keith were very understanding of the incomplete party situation and were very friendly and talkative. This is something that is always refreshing. They kept our glasses full at all times and were on top of taking care of us. The food was excellent! Our chilled jumbo shrimp cocktail appetizer was very simple yet refreshing. All the entrees that I had the opportunity to sample were very well balanced, not overly salty or buttery, which has sometimes been the case at some red lobsters.. The flavors had an opportunity to make themselves known. An overall great experience. Thank you.
1	Never again, date night at Red Lobster. I should of listened to my family who has told me of the many times they have gotten food poisoning here. We were lucky, no food poisoning however the food was horrible. The only good thing about our night was we were taken right away, our server was nice, and our appetizer was taken off our bill. The food was undercooked, tasted like it was two days old, and we were missing parts of the meal (shrimp).  Drinks came at the end of the appetizer and we never got the extra plate we asked for...So far Red Lobster will not be on our list of restaurants to dine at.
4	Dining in Red Lobster is dining in my comfort zone. Going back to 1977, I have been a Red Lobster fan. In my early forties, I continue to be a Red Lobster fan. In 35 years I never got tired of it. So, it is with little surprise that when we visited Phoenix that we would dine in a Red Lobster.   For whatever reason, the Cactus Road Red Lobster (near Paradise Valley Mall) was dead on a Friday night. It was the first time in a while that when I visited a Red Lobster that a wait to be seated was nonexistent. If there was a wait, I'm sure that the usual lobster tank would have occupied me for a few minutes.As soon as I saw the "All You Can Eat Shrimp special" on the menu, I was decided. The shrimp special is no joke. There is a choice of four shrimps including shrimp scampi, fried shrimp, and shrimp with linguini. I'll be the first to admit that Red Lobster seafood isn't Wolfgang Puck Gang quality at the same time that I'll admit that it is far better than frozen foods seafood or a burger served in a casual restaurant chain. It wasn't just the all you can eat shrimp and bottomless soda that makes this a good deal for approximately $20. It was also the salad with dressing and house bread.  Red Lobster's menu features many entrees that are affordable. I just happened to hit Red Lobster when they featured the "All You Can Eat Shrimp." If it had been another time of the year, I would have ordered shrimp linguini, which comes with a salad and bread.  I had zero complaints about the service. Our Waitress was prompt with the refills at the exact time that she did not rush us. Dining in Red Lobster is dining in my comfort zone. As long as I am living and have some green in my pocket, I will return to a Red Lobster throughout the year.
1	I would not eat here because I don't care for extra mucus with my meal.The parent company, Darden, is threatening to turn full-time employees into part-time employees in order to dodge the requirements of the Affordable Care Act.Do you want your food handled by people who can't afford a doctor's visit because they are uninsured part-timers, AND they can't afford to miss a day of work if they are sick, because they are part-timers?
2	Did take out because we had gift cards from Xmas. Otherwise, we'd never eat here. 7 fries???!!! My son had chicken fingers and they gave him 7 fries! Our honey maple chicken was like leather, and the clam chowder was CRUNCHY! No thank you, especially since there is NO Togo parking!!!!!
2	Food was pretty good, but service was bad.  We waited 15 minutes to be seated, which isn't bad for any sit down place in this area.We got our drinks and shared appetizer pretty quickly.  And then we had time to kill.  A lot of it.  As we were sitting there with an under one year old baby, a lot of waiting time seems even longer.  Salads came with our meals, and by the time our salads came out, I had actually forgotten we had them coming. It had been a long time since our appetizer was finished, and I was expecting the meals by then.  But no such luck.  We ate our salads and waited some more.  We eventually decided that since it had been an hour since ordering, we would ask for boxes to take our shrimp home.  I had actually stood up with the baby to go wait in the car when our food FINALLY arrived.We still asked for boxes since by this time baby was getting tired (and frankly so were we), and this seemed to startle and be inconvenient for our server.  I took a few bites before boxing up my food, and while it wasn't cold, it wasn't really hot either.  I have to wonder if our order was put in late and then forgotten when it was done.  The taste was fine, but wow did we wait forever.  My husband was never even able to get a refill on his drink.  You'd think one refill in over an hour wouldn't be too much to ask.  Our server was friendly enough on the rare occasion she sped by (saying a few words as she passed), but we were pretty well neglected.So if you don't mind sitting forever with an empty glass, go for it!  I don't think we'll be going back to this location.
1	.My family has eaten at the Cactus Rd. Red Lobster periodically for over 15 years. Mostly the food has been good. Two weeks ago we attempted to have lunch a little after 12:40PM. The couple in front of us was seated immediately but we were told it would be a ten minute. When I inquired as to why the wait,  hostess lied, and said that there were no tables or booths that were ready. This was interesting as I could see two booths that were obviously ready. This is clearly a management decision to not utilize part of the dining room as they do not want to fully staff even during the busiest lunch hour. Forcing the hostess to lie to customers is deplorable. Years ago I ran into this same thing at the neighboring Olive Garden. I stopped eating at that location just as I have now stopped eating at this particular Red Lobster. Restaurants are a service business and there is no reason to eat at a place that does something like this.
1	I have eaten at this Red Lobster for years. Recently things have slipped. Yesterday a group of us had dinner. One person ordered the fish and chips. What came was batter, no fish. Two us is had Cobb salads, poor...the lettuce was frozen in both salads. Needless to say this place needs a major over haul. The only good thing about this restaurant is the server Mary who is stellar. Too may other places to eat.
1	We were a party of ten.  Most of us ordered off the lunch special menu.  It took forever for the food to come.  When it did, only half of us received our order, had to wait a couple of minutes for the other five to receive their food.   The wait staff was just okay.  The kitchen on the other hand, has issues.   Quality of food has declined over the years at red lobster in my opinion.   To top it off, one of our members found a shard of glass in their iced tea drink..!  Wait staff just matter of fact about it..!Will not be returning.
1	My wife and I decided to try Red Lobster again after the horrible service we had about two months ago.  It was a Tuesday night so no one was waiting to be seated but there was no hostess when we walked in.  After five minutes, she walked out of the bathroom with another person (waitress) and then we were seated.  In being seated in a direct line of sight to the hostess, she had to be in the bathroom at least six or seven more times and anyone coming in to eat had the same issue we did.  We finally received our water after 10 minutes of waiting and then another 10 before our order was taken.  If it was busy, sure but it was not at all.  Biscuits - undercooked.Breaded shrimp - undercooked.Waited 10 minutes after my meal finally arrived to get a baked potato.Chicken - no flavor and tasted like it just came out of the microwave.Two times in a row.  We will never eat there again.  The manager was too busy watching baseball to even notice what was going on, or just did not care.One star for a nice waitress.
3	Since the renovations, it's a nicer looking restaurant. The cheddar biscuits are addicting and the food is ok for what you get. The tarter sauce is also so tasty.
5	Went here last night for dinner at around 5:30. Place is nice and pretty updated, it is cold inside so I recommend bringing a light sweater of some sort. I got a Chicken meal with mashed potatoes and it was pretty good. The chicken could have been cooked a little bit more though. Service is nice and the waitress we had was super nice.
4	Came for a friend's bday. While the food is ok, they did a great job on service so hence the extra star.  Got the crab, scallop, shrimp  pot. The crab didnt come cracked and it was the snow crab where the shell is a bit too soft to make cracking easy. Eh, it was ok. But the wait staff was great and the manager even came over to wish my friend a happy bday. Thought that was a nice gesture. They had a peach lemonade which was made with peach purree that was pretty yummy.
1	awful, service awful and food is gross.  seafood is not fresh at all.
1	Had Red Lobster tonight for dinner. Not such a good idea! I got the Rock Lobster tail that came to me partially raw (the entire bottom of the tail). I sent it back. When I received the new one it was so overcooked and rubbery that I could have bounced it off of the floor and then it would have landed back on my plate. Staff was very nice about it and was kind enough to remove it from our check. Probably a good thing since I wasn't going to pay for it anyway.
4	Went there for dinner today, seated immediately, good service, good food, the cheese bread is evil.... lol...We shared the spicy buffalo bites (or something like that) with blue cheese, and a blackened cod. Garden salad.Food was good, as a side we selected baked potato and it also came with broccoli. Broccoli was exactly right, not too soft, not too raw.Buffalo bites were spicy and flavorful. The only thing I didn't like is that the bed of lettuce (which I usually eat) tasted bad, like old :(Other than that everything was good and our server Mike was great.
5	I hadn't been to Red Lobster in quite a while because I don't enjoy waiting a long time for a seat and they don't take reservations.  Tonight I had a craving for shrimp and there aren't many places that  know how to fry  shrimp properly and without a ton of breading.  Red Lobster has light breading and their frying technique is excellent.  The shrimp did not disappoint.  We also ordered fried flounder which was very good.  The sides were great and the biscuits were just amazing.  Had the apple crostada with ice cream for dessert.  Everything was great... especially our server Nate who did not skip a beat.  Nice job Nate!  See u soon......
3	I'm not a sea food person, so I can only say that the Chicken alfredo dish and biscuts were great.  Our server was up to par and took care of our table very well.
4	3.5 maybe?Went here for a Christmas family celebration, we ended up here last year and we may end up making it a family tradition. There are these areas in the bar, in between tables/booths, that are perfect for us to put our presents while we have dinner : )I am not familiar with this place so I do not know if the restaurant has those too, but both last year and today we ended up seating by the bar because we wanted a bigger table.Peach flavored iced tea was good. One regular, one light on the syrup... otherwise a little too sweet.We had the combination appetizer: calamari, mozzarella sticks and chicken strips.They were good. They come with breaded broccoli and bell pepper.  The only thing I noticed about them is that the plate was too big and looked kind of empty. Well, the portion may have been all right...3 of us had the 16.99 4 course meal, and it was good. 2 liked the chicken pasta very much. The rest of our party had salmon and shrimp fettuccine...Potato soup and clam chowder were good too, salads as well.For dessert we had one of each (key lime, caramel cheesecake and the chocolate one with vanilla ice cream). They were small portions, just right.For the 4 course meal, I asked if the portions were regular or smaller, I was told they were regular. Well, turns out what I chose (shrimp and scallops pasta) is kind of a skimpy one... the other plates had enough for 2 or 3 meals, while I almost finished mine, I think it was like half of the others... in fact when I got my plate the noodles were not evenly distributed an part of the plate looked empty... and the scallops were tiny! so I will try to remember not to order that one again.. it was certainly disappointing.Our server Jourdan was really nice and friendly, and very patient as it took a little while for us to decide on what to order. She also offered to get me more noodles, but  I told her it was OK... It is just that you expect chains like this to be consistent... oh well...
2	Don't mean to be snobby, but soaked in grease shrimp-all preparations,are not my idea of healthy eating choices.   cheddar biscuits are a round heart attack to come. how about fewer greasy items, perhaps simply grilled, with a salad of fresh not stale green leaf lettuce.  Lots of overweight diners who obviously like the fare.
1	Here's the thing about Red Lobster: you know what you're getting yourself into when you step beyond those doors. This is your typical lower end chain seafood restaurant, trying so desperately to be relevant anymore that it's sickening.I ended up at this joint because someone in my extended family wanted to go here for her birthday dinner. With 10 of us. Ugh.While I was waiting for other to arrive in front of the restaurant, a server and someone from the kitchen walked up. They stopped about 10 feet from me. I could hear their (overly loud) conversation perfectly. They were looking at a phone and talking about "sucking on them f******* ti***es." Completely inappropriate, considering there were other guests all around. Next up, we get to our table. The servers were very polite and seemed to be on point, which is a nice surprise to find in a place like this. Halfway during everyone's salads, some obnoxious overly-cocky d-bag of a food runner comes up with his tray and tries to auction off entree items. First of all, if you see we are still eating salads, go screw yourself, dude. Second of all, you had like 3 entrees for 10 of us. Third of all, when we tell you no one ordered those items, perhaps you should believe us instead of arguing with us until our server comes and directs you to the correct table. Yikes.Salads leave, CORRECT entrees come. The food here all tastes the same. The steak is poor quality (what do you expect from an Olive Garden-esque seafood restaurant?) The shrimp all taste the same. The king crab is waterlogged. Everything is just "meh." All tastes like greasy, buttery, garlicky goo. Everything. Literally. Yes, really. The saving grace here is probably the cheddar biscuits, which are delicious, but again, like eating a stick of butter.Entrees leave. Desserts come. Yay! Happy Birthday. They have this "innovative" thing where they serve the dessert in a mason jar. Listen up, Red Lobster: not only is it not innovative, it only "kind of" works when you actually have employees that LAYER the items in the jar carefully and take the extra time to make it look nice. It looked like a hot mess; like someone took the frozen red velvet sheet cake from Sysco and broke it up into 3 inch chunks and stuffed it in the jar. Ick.The most humorous part of this visit for me was watching someone drop whipped cream all over the ground to the side of our table. I watched, and I only wish I was exaggerating here, 10 people, INCLUDING MANAGERS, walk by and LITERALLY move their head down to see the myriad of whipped cream on the floor, and continue to do NOTHING about it. HA! I was laughing out loud at the absolute ineptitude and lack of caring among everyone in this restaurant. I can only imagine the soul-dying that not only happens when you dine here, but when you work here. I heard Darden is trying to get rid of this concept and unload it, which from watching the s**tshow in this place, makes complete sense. Just to be clear, however, our servers were VERY positive, VERY friendly, and did a great job (other than not cleaning up whipped cream.) It's just everything else about this place that makes me... well... Seafood Differently.
4	I would agree with some of the prior reviews about this being a 3.5 star place. My family comes to this location regularly. The food is always the same in quality and flavor which I appreciate. I usually order the popcorn shrimp, baked potato, and a side Cesar salad. I have no complaints with anything I order. The true reason I keep coming back is the biscuits. They are amazing and I could likely eat a dozen and not feel bad one bit.
4	Long wait ok service good thing they have the ultimate feast otherwise I would never come:
3	I don't understand why the ratings are so low at this Red Lobster.   Had the shrimp and the rock fish.  Both were prepared well.  The piece of rock fish was much too small for my husband. That needs to be worked on.  I noticed that the baked potato got smaller.  That's OK--maybe my waistline will too.   The garden salad was mostly iceberg lettuce with chopped tomatoes, chopped cucumber and one red onion ring.  I would have added two black olives and a few garbanzos to make it look like real salad---variety.  But I don't think that it is Red Lobster's formula.  Chain restaurants follow a formula and recipe on everything for consistency.  But I suggest they rework their salads to include some rocket greens along with iceberg.  The shrimp were fried perfectly and not greasy.  I noticed they don't offer an extra round of their DELICIOUS biscuits---my waistline appreciates it.  The cocktail I ordered was more a blend of juices than any alcohol.  Before ordering it I asked whether it would have enough alcohol and Pattie said yes.  Well it didn't and that's why I taking off a star.  A cocktail should make the drinker feel good and enjoy it.  I basically ordered a glass of mixed juices.I liked our waitress (PATTIE)  she was very helpful with my husband's order....OOPS, did I forget to say that they were out of Cod?   My husband went there specifically for the cod since he does not eat shellfish and the last time he didn't like the flounder.  So he ended up having to settle.   So I am taking off one star for no COD and for the alcohol-less cocktail.  Otherwise the food is OK.  Thanks, Pattie.  You were really helpful!
4	If my steak hadn't been chewy and the prices hadn't gone up, I would give this place 5 stars.  It is a seafood place so I forgive them.  We are always seated  quickly, the service is great, and the seafood is always tasty.  You can't beat the lunch specials or the 4 course meal for $17 either.  And the cheddar biscuits are phenomenal as always.
5	Despite other mediocre reviews by other Yelpers, I can only elevate my prior ratings.  Dinner tonight at Red Lobster was nothing short of fantastic.  Plenty of biscuits, fresh--super-fresh salads--albeit simply lettuce, grape tomatoes and red onion, but it was, I must repeat incredibly fresh and plentiful.  The fried shrimp platter was nicely done--no grease, light batter, medium sized baked potato and plenty of cocktail and tartar sauce.  The hubby ordered flounder which came with nothing less than 4 pieces along with his side order of broccoli.  I think the pricing at Red Lobster is right on point for what you get.  They don't gouge you.  The service provided by our server Katherine was perfect.  She presented herself as an attractive, polite young lady with a great smile.  Whoever trained her did an excellent job as she made our experience today at Red Lobster all the better.  Thank you Katherine.  Thanks to the management of Red Lobster who is doing a great job at making this restaurant an enjoyable place to eat.
3	Pretty decent food and service, but a pretty classic corporate ran restaurant. Love the biscuits though!
5	The crab is delicious.I had bought some gift certificates from another chain that was among a conglomerate of restaurants and Red Lobster was one of the valid restaurants so I used the certificates here.I got a crab combination meal and an additional 1 lb of crab legs. Yum.Crab Crab Crab!
2	I had been craving Red Lobster and took the opportunity on this trip. the food was pretty good except my baked potato was under baked. the  service wasn't over the top, not that it was blatantly bad but just not very friendly. overall was just a mediocre experience but with so many choices, I felt like it was a wasted chance to have a great meal at a new restaurant.
5	My lady & baby daughter had an awesome feast at this location. The food was good, but our server Scott made it awesome! He was appropriately attentive & accommodating. His friendly approach will have us returning soon.
5	Just came back from the Endless Shrimp special, and not only am I stuffed, they sent us home with even more shrimp, and the fixin's, too. Service from Mike B. & Alika could not have been better and everything we tried (which is to say, every variety they offered) was cooked just right. The three of us had around five varieties each, with seconds and even thirds on some (and the portions were _not_ skimpy). Now, we're not big, truck-drivin' mamas, just three ladies who lunch, and we made a bargain and an afternoon of it. So, how much shrimp, plus salad, sides, and biscuits, can _you_ put away for just $16.99? Endless Shrimp is one special of a special, even by Red Lobster standards.
5	I am not sure where the low reviews come from, but I have always had solid service, tasty food and everything anyone could want from a restaurant experience. Sure there can be a wait during their promos (like Endless Shrimp) but, think, when there are lines out the door even for early dinner almost every time I've been there and waitstaff moving back and forth to quickly serve their tables, you can bet that the food and service there is first rate. Sure it is a "corporate-like" chain restaurant, but some people like that and the expectations of having a great experience there each and every time makes Red Lobster a popular place with a good business model. I have never had a problem. Not. Ever.
3	Normally I am able to rate this place 5 stars.  Not today.  Went there Saturday night and ordered what I thought was a terrific buy.  4 course dinner for 16.99!  Soup, salad, entree with a side and a dessert.  How could you go wrong?  Got the salad--just iceberg lettuce with a few tomatoes but fresh.  Then I got the entree--fried shrimp with baked potato.  The shrimp were not the butterflied shrimp; they were whole but I got at least 12 of them!! Totally generous and totally cool.  But I wondered where my soup was.  When I asked, the server asked me if I wanted it after my entree.  Really Jessica, AFTER the entree?  I wanted the soup now. Isn't that usually the case?  I selected baked potato with bacon soup.  You can imagine how much I looked forward to it.  Potato and bacon in a soup?--it's something I don't make at home--I eat it out.  So the cup of soup arrives (while my entree gets cold) and I taste it and find that the potatoes were rock hard.  I left all the hard potatoes and drank the cream LOL.  Bacon was invisible but there was a smoky taste.  When Jessica asked how the soup was, I told her about the uncooked potatoes. She apologized and said she would see what she could do. Here's a clue dear Jessica,  tell your cook to cook the potatoes!!!!!!   The entree was fine and the dessert of my choice (brownie a la mode), was not overwhelmingly large which was a good thing because the entree was plentiful.  At the end of the meal the manager??? in a cheery tone arrived at the table offering a free appetizer/dessert coupon with the purchase of two entrees in the future.  Really?  I have to buy another two entrees to get a free appetizer which is a coupon being offered on the internet? Don't you right wrongs right on the spot for the current meal?  It would have been nice to offer my eating partner a dessert since he didn't have one.  Or a coffee, or something.  Management:  It's the little things that count.  Giving a coupon on a future meal when the current one was amiss is not a good practice.  You have a good customer in me as you can see from my prior ratings.  I am generously giving you 3 stars on this one considering you really didn't make it right with me.
4	Been to this particular location a number of times and and is my go to seafood place if I am in the area, staff is polite and attentive LOVE the new Chili Shrimp appetizer, hint hint make it a full meal!!! Was there for my birthday and they made it fun without being embarrassing. I have seen some bad reviews by some pre-madonnas who seem to be full of themselves thinking they are some kind of professional food critic. If you are that stuffy, why even go to a chain restaurant? SMDH.Go to the place and enjoy the food.
4	We've been here several times and the staff is great, we never have to wait for a table. Last time I was there I ordered the lunch shrimp salad and clam chowder bread bowl. I think there were 5 spoonfuls of soup. I would have ordered the bowl instead, the bread was a little tough to tear and eat.
