3	I decided to check this place out yesterday afternoon while I was trying to kill time... Luckily it was in the same neighborhood as to where my family's house is.  The people that worked there are very friendly and social.  They make an effort to keep up conversation and openly accept walk-ins as well.  I liked the service but the price was a little off, I guess I felt it was a little over priced especially when I was looking up other places that average a total of $30 for mani-pedi's.  I was surprised at what their charges were: $25 pedicure and $15 manicure (if you were to get one of the 2 services done individually).  However, they give you a $5 discount off the mani-pedi combined so it came to about $35 + tip so it was still equivalent to $40.  It made me wonder how much more is a spa pedicure alone?! They offer other services such as waxing, eye lash extension or perming, reflexology.  Even though they did a wonderful job on my hands and feet, I feel that I should continue looking around til I find the right spot I can click during my seasonal stay in Vegas.  So maybe next month again we'll see what I come across...
4	One stormy night I decided that a pedi was in my future.  So, I packed up my trusty 7 y/o daughter and took a short drive to Fantastic Nails.What a great little place!In addition to wonderful service on adults- they have special "junior" Butterfly pedicure chairs for little girls.  Needless to say- that was a total hit.  The painstaking effort the technician took to make perfect polkadots on my daughters tiny toes was admirable.  The manager gave me the best pedi I've had in a long time.  Definitely, definitely going back there soon!Price was a little high but- then again you have to consider the neighborhood!
5	My daughter got her nails there for her Sweet 16 by JENNY. She did a GREAT JOB...my daughter was extremely happy. Jenny was funny and super friendly. Place is very Clean! I highly recommend. I think the price was great. $20 for a full set of acylics...$10 for fancy design.
1	I went to go check this place out since there were so many great reviews.  This was the absolute WORST pedicure I ever received. I went in at 10 am on a Sunday since the hours posted on Yelp were 10 am as was the posting on the business. Well guess they open at 11 on Sundays (may be they should post this on the door). My pedicure lasted no more than 12 minutes, and she spent more time putting lotion on my legs than the actual pedicure. I would NOT recommend this to anyone!!
1	I needed my eyebrows done and this place is right around the corner from where my family lives. I stopped in around lunchtime and the place was clean and the staff was friendly. I was led to one of the wax rooms and my experience went downhill. I don't know if this was the lady's first time waxing or if she was new, but it was terrible. Instead of removing the waxed strip in one swift motion, it was slow and painful causing her to have to redo the wax since she wasn't able to get all the stray hair and wax off. It felt very amatuer-like as if my girlfriends and I were doing an at-home wax kit. I was very displeased and left with wax along my hairline, eyebrows still with stray hairs, and $10 less in my wallet. I will not be returning back to this place.
2	Went in looking for a quick mani...they convinced me to get gel nails (which cost 30) because I was told they would "last longer" . The problem was the nails looked too thick and fake...worse than acrylics...and then they started peeling off after a  couple days. Will not be going back.
4	First time getting gel nails, I walked out feeling satisfied and they look great. Everyone seemed pleasant, wish they had a larger selection of colors for the gels.  But overall, I was satisfied.
1	I called a week later to see if they could update my gel nails & they were rude on the phone and were going to charge me way more than any other place.  I won't be going back there again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Came in here with some of my mommy friends for a pedicure. We only had to wait a few minutes before being sat down together on some pretty awesome massage chairs.I ended up getting the $25 pedi that was supposed to be better than the $20. I am glad I splurged since this is one of the best pedicures I have ever had.They made sure to get rid of all the dry spots. My feet were all nice and pink after.The polish lasted over 3 weeks before it chipped so that was really nice.Its kinda on the other side of town for me but way worth the drive. I think I found my new pedi place!The service was top notch. I dont know what happened with other people when they visited there. We were treated awesome.
1	TERRIBLE!!! I went in to get a gel manicure and one of the guys did my nails. Not Johnny, Johnny is amazing, but unfortunately out of town. So I settled with the other guy.  He did a terrible job! I wanted Lincoln Park After Dark - a dark dark purple.  I've had this color done on my nails at other salons too.  My nails look like 5 different shades of purple. Not only that but I have color on my skin because of him.  I had mentioned that they were a different color and he blamed it on my nail.  I then said that's not possible.  He lifted my finger towards me and said it was the other, my nail had 2 shades of the color and was a light light purple and terrible looking.  I told him it looks nothing like the color I chose on the fake nail display they have.  I asked him to put another coat, he did but he had the worst attitude.  He didn't even say hi when I sat down. My nails look like a 5 year old girl did them.  Not happy with this place at all. IF you ever decide to go ask for Johnny or for a girl to do them.
4	Clean and friendly. They have little girl pedi chairs whcih were cute too. The girl who did my pedi (Didnt get her name, but very slender and ahem, big fake boobs) did a great job. She was very quiet, but when I did have a question or comment, she was sure to take care of my needs with a smile. She also gave a pretty good foot run. I would definitely return especially since it is so close to home!
1	I live around the corner from Fantastic Nails and go many times through out the year.  My husband bought me a gift certificate for mothers day.  I went in the begging of June and had a pedicure.  I received another gift certificate for the remainder of the balance.  I just went and had my nails done and used the $15 that I had remaining.  I take it they changed their gift certificates because I was questioned about the one that I had.  I stood my ground and told them what it was.  He told me that the certificate was not his.  I told him how I received it and that he just lost a customer. If you have a gift certificate please beware.  Owners attitude was uncalled for.  If he treats all his customers this way he will soon be out of business.  They need us way more then we need them.
5	Great service and a clean salon.. Very friendly girls..
1	I've been coming to this shop on and off since we moved to the area.. At first I loved it because they massage you for an extra 10 minutes.. The service is hit or miss.. Each person different from the next. Nancy can really hook it up cleaning your feet, she's my fav... But not really a stickler on the paint job... The reason for a 1star is because the new lady (older) butchered my toe! It was bleeding, she kept pressing on it... It kept bleeding....... I had to leave to keep cool.. Needless to say I will not be returning.... Oh! So the butchering... She clipped a chunk of skin between the nail bed and hang nail area... Took 5 days to be somewhat normal..
1	This places is anything but "Fantastic"!I have a few regular nail salons and I've been getting a pedicure about every 10-14 days for the past 4 years since I'm constantly on my feet in heels for work and this is by far the worst experience I've ever had.  I took my doggy to the groomer and had an hour to kill and my friend wanted to get a pedicure so we walked over to Fantastic Nails.  Originally I wasn't going to partake in pampering since I had just gotten a pedicure 5 days earlier but the lady was persistent (probably since we were the only guests in there) and I decided to go ahead and do a basic pedi.  I specifically said just give me the cheapest option since my feet had recently been done.Red Flag-No other guests in the salon.The pedicure was good for about 10 minutes and then the lady started removing an ingrown nail I had without first giving me a heads up!  This painful process continued for about 2 minutes while she yanked away.  My whole toe was covered in blood by the end of this process and then she put some green gel on and continued the pedicure without even looking up at me or acknowledging I had been wincing and pulling away from the pain.  The pedicure continued onto the callus scrubbing, dead skin removal, sugar scrub, and lotion rub down.  This was done adequately but it wasn't anything special and lasted only about 7 minutes total.  Next came the polishing and she apparently forgot about my sore toe because she kept digging her fingernail into the sensitive area to remove the excess polish.  In my experience this is done with a brush and nail polish remover, not the techs nail.  Ouch Again!Phew, I'm glad that is over.  I've already fairly certain I've not returning to this salon again based on the lack of luster service but there is yet more unsatisfactory service to come.I go to pay and she charges $35.  I told her I requested the cheapest option which  was $20 and wondered why it is $35 now.  She said,  "you wanted deluxe".  Um No I didn't.  I'm not going to argue with her and now she speaks limited English and stares confused at me when I know she fully understands me.  I'm annoyed and ready to leave so I just give her what I thought was my credit card.  She goes to swipe it and I realize I gave her the wrong card and ask her to cancel it.  She said she can't cancel it and it already went through.  The card was actually my boyfriend Ryan B's card, in his name.  So they don't check for ID or even look at the name on the card when guests pay either.  I know it's my mistake for giving you the wrong card but a quick glance at the card name or a request for ID with a credit/debit card purchase (without a pin) should be done right?I leave annoyed and unsatisfied to say the least to pick up my dog from the groomer.  When I return my friend is requesting that her nail tech re do her big toes that look bad.  She had acrylic put on the big toes since they were broken and cracked.  The girl removed the polish and re did them twice but they still looked uneven.  The acrylic was not put on well and it had nothing to do with the polishing.  When my friend pointed this out she started yelling at her!  This place gets the award for the worst customer service ever.  She is upset and just decides to leave without having the girl re do her nails for the 4th time.  Please avoid this place and tell your friends to do the same.
1	LADIES.... My aunt & I went to a chop shop called Fantastic Nails on Blue Diamond &Cimmaron to get a mani & pedi. It was really nice in there & we were super exited to try out this new place. Well the dude who was giving me a pedicure cut too much skin off therefore I was bleeding & it hurt like hell! He didn't apologize nor help to feel better... When my aunt was getting her pedi the girl who put on the gel polish A: didn't do it right or B: the polish was too thick. If the 1st coat isn't painted on properly the polish will not stay on & it will look like shit. My aunt was explaining to her the paint is messed up on my toes & it looks all crackly with an attitude, she's like I know what I'm doing & just kept reapplying. After my pedicure I was getting a manicure & instead of soaking off the polish the stupid bitch drilled off the gel polish entirely on 2 of my nails than I realized what she was doing & told her to stop. Finally I was soaking them off & than she took off the foil too soon & when she went to scrape off the polish it didn't come off easy. The bitch tried to drill off the rest again. My aunt was already annoyed from the bad service & she told me to get up, we r leaving! Anyway the service was horrible & there's no way of helping them understand bc they r uneducated & ignorant bastards! Never going there again!!!!
1	I did not find the guy who did my nails to be friendly at all. I could live with that if he did a  good job but he didn't. He did not scrub the bottom of my feet well. This place is a rip off. Considered giving them a piece of my mind afterwards but after reading the reviews I don't think it would matter. Avoid this place like the plague.
1	First time, toenail infection. Figured it was a fluke. 2nd time infection. I'm out.
5	Very clean and everyone is so friendly! Love going here to get pedicures and manicures :). I never feel rushed always a relaxing time !
2	So I'm NOT HAPPY. I rarely get mani & pedis. Usually Pedi's. But I've been doing a LOT of Murals lately and I felt like I wanted to splurge and get some extra loving on my hands. Well that turned out well. NOT. They look like they updated the place. However they didn't upgrade the staff. I had an Asian lady with a reddish blonde bob. That walked around in 5 inch platform heels. WHY? Why?? The guy that asked me what I wanted sat there laughing & giggling like a trained monkey while watching some program on his laptop the ENTIRE TIME. Kinda hard to relax when someone giggled out of the blue every 2-3 minutes. It's just weird. Then there is the criss cross jabbering in whatever language that is. (Rolling my eyes) I must have repeated myself a few times telling her to us the brush on my fingernails to remove said paint from mural painting. She never did it. Just kept digging at my fingers with some metal tool as well as wielding the sharp clippers on my poor unsuspecting fingers.  Just sliced and diced and dug at my fingers... OUCH (BLOOD)... I think you missed a spot?! WTF OH & PS my hands feel like SANDPAPER.  I'm gonna soak them is cooking oil. That might help. (Kidding) Aveeno will do the trick. I almost laughed when she used what appeared to be a cheese grater on my feet. Which BTW did not need to be sliced, diced or shaved because I already take care of my feet. Just wanted a wee bit of pampering. If I had received that... I would NOT be writing this review on this "ridiculous" nail salon. Oh did I mention she cut my finger. Then put liquid styptic on it and didn't bat an eye or say anything while I moaned because that shit BURNS! OMG OUCH! WHY CANT THEY LEARN SOME ENGLISH. It would help their business. It seems rude & it's aggravating not to be able to explain what you need or want. I'm only giving the 2 stars instead of 1... Because my feet look decent. LOL.
2	probably one of the worst pedis. she cut my big toe nail too short. it bled a little
2	Came in for a quick mani pedi. Pedi was what you would expect anywhere, didnt wow me but it was only 20. It took her literally 5 minutea to give me a manicure which consisted of soaking my hands in soap, pushing back my cuticles and applyinh lotion to my hands. She asked what color I wanted, I told her to just buff it out, she said it would be an extra $5 so I said no. Left ubsatisfied with polish residue on my nails from previously painting them. She didnt even file them! And to top it all off she kept trying to upsell my on other services that i didnt even need! My nails look exactly the way they didnt when i went in...bad. Im being nice by giving them 2 stars.
1	STATE BOARD OF COSMETOLOGY NEEDS TO VISIT! RED FLAGS! BEWARE!This place has the appearance of a nice clean and well kept salon.  I have been a few times but NEVER AGAIN.Short Massage: They offer a menu w/ a break down of what the service includes.  I always felt like the massage was much shorter so on my last visit I decided to time it w/ the stop watch on my iPhone.  It was half as long as it should have been but they charge you for it.  Make sure you are getting what you are paying for if you go for an upgraded pedicure.Reckless: Very aggressive w/ the metal cheese grater looking tool they use on everyone's feet.  There is a more gentle way of getting the dead skin off of your feet ladies.  This rough and aggressive approach is very dangerous.  Cuticles: They cut the cuticles way to close to the skin which isn't necessary.  Your cuticles are there for a reason. Trimming the cuticles can break the seal that protects the surrounding skin from infection.  You should just get your cuticles pushed back but not cut off.Sanitation: They bring the tools out in what looks like a "sterile bag" that a hospital would keep scalpels in.  They open the bag in front of you which is a false sense on security because my guy placed the instruments back into the bag and pinched the end closed when he was done w/ my pedicure.  I don't know what he did with the tools after that? Did he bring the same tools out of that bag for the next person without sanitizing them properly? Were they clean when he peeled the bag open for me? The bag looks clean but I am curious if they just slide dirty instruments back into a "sterile looking" bag so it looks clean to a new customer?Dirty Bowl: I got a manicure and the lady grabbed a bowl from under the sink and filled it with warm water.  I soaked my fingers in the bowl which had glass stones in the bottom.  She cut my natural nails so SHORT! I wanted to keep the length and just wanted them evened up...to late for that since she clipped the first two so short  without asking how I wanted them.  When she finished the manicure she went to the sink, put her hands on the stones to keep them in the bowl, and then dumped the water down the drain.  Then she put the bowl w/ stones back under the sink.  I am suspecting they don't sanitize the bowl or stones between manicures and just store it under the sink.  The thought of someone else's cuticles and nail clippings in the stones is disgusting! They are very pushy with the upgrades for gel nails, nail art, waxing, deluxe pedicures etc... Beware if you go here.  You may be at risk of an infection.http://cosmetology.nv.gov/Consumers/Nail_Salon_Guide
5	I starting coming to Fantastic Nails while just visiting Las Vegas. I immediately loved the atmosphere and workers. It was clean and they were all friendly. Now living in Las vegas, I still get my nails done at Fantastic Nails. Kim is my all time favorite artist - although they are all good. She really makes you feel welcome and has her own personal touches when doing your nails that makes them last longer. She is all about quality and that's something that means a lot. All in all, I highly recommend this salon and will continue to get both pedicures and gel manicures here.
1	horrible awful terrible horrifying sickening horrid!!!!! i just left there minutes ago after the worst lip wax ever. do not come here stay far away awful awful awful go anywhere else.
5	I don't understand why all the bad reviews, I went there on a Sunday afternoon and it was packed! I waited about 15 min which was pretty fast. I thought oh great now they going to rush on me, because there were more people waiting... They didn't rush and I had a great experience! They took they time doing my nails, the massage was amazing! I almost felt asleep, it was very relaxing! I got the two older guys, one did my mani and the other my pedi, I didn't get their names, but they did a fantastic job! I will be going back there for sure! I got a regular mani/pedi no acrylic or gel. The manicure was $15 and the pedicure $25. There's different options for pedicure and they start at $20.  I got the $25 because my feet was very dry, but now is smooth like a baby bottom :)
1	DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME LIKE I DID!I'll keep it short. Had an appointment on Saturday at 10:30am, they kept servicing all walkins before acknowledging me..even after I signed in. WAITED 1 HOUR and THEN finally checked on me. I complained and I was told that I NEEDED tell them I had an appointment or else they cant keep track!!! ****BEWARE!!!! WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!****
1	I used to come here all the time, but now they suck so bad. They rushed my pedicure. I didn't get to soak my feet. Probably got to soak it for 2 mins and they already started working on my feet. My manicure was the same they didn't even get my cuticles. Rushed everything and spent 60 bucks. On a gel mani regular pedi. I hate this place I will never go back to this place ever again.
4	Clean, convenient to my house, walkins are welcome, chairs are comfy, my tech was friendly & the prices are great.. I've been here a few times for pedis & I have no complaints. I always bring my own polish, so picking a color is no issue for me.. However, if u are one who uses their colors.. the ones they have displayed seem to be, for the most part, half used or old-ish looking, which I notice with a lot of nail salons these days. They also offer you tea, coffee, etc right when you sit down, which i thought was a nice touch.
5	I'm so happy this place is close to my house.  I came here initially for the convenience, but I've continued to come because they do a great job.  Demi is my go to girl...she is very gentle and does a great job.  I always got pedicures, but recently started getting gel manicures as well.  She makes my hands look beautiful!!  Nancy is funny and good too.  Try them out, don't be skurrred by the negative reviews.  =)
4	I think this place is okay but my favorite person out of all is Vana because she is really good at pedicure and gel. It's good and it lasts perfectly,I really like it. The lady with the short hair with brownish/whitish/bangs dyed hair looks really fake. I have to be truthful anyway. But other than that it's good and Vana is good and I would recommend it.
5	Paulina and Nick are both amazing here. Keep me and my girls coming back and trust we have been to tons of salons in town. Remember only upset people leave reviews sometimes Ive Never had a bad experience and everyones always nice, good music, good ambiance.
1	Absoltuly ridiculous!!! I've been here 3 times and never had such a hard time getting my nails done. Nasty man that works there with nasty attitude. Assuming he's partial owner. Everytime I go there it's after work, they advertise there open until 8. I get there there closed and it's only 7. Absolutely ridiculous attitudes! Will never ever go back!!!!!  0 review!!
