4	I recently had to get some keys made, and I went to Eastway for the second time since I've moved into my house. These guys are consummate professionals.I enjoy being around anyone who is the master of a trade...locksmiths, tattoo artists, welders...anyone who is an expert in a field and who gets excited to talk about that field. The guys at Eastway are these kinds of locksmiths. If you have a question about your keys and locks or safes or anything related to these aspects of security, go ask.
4	I have used these guys twice when I needed to have my locks re-keyed. Both times, the service was prompt and professional. There may be cheaper options out there, but I trust their service.
5	VERY pleased with their service and commitment to the customer.  Excellence in punctuality and aim to satisfy.  All around awesome company!!
5	We needed to get our new home re-keyed and Eastway came highly recommended. Our home is a 50 year old Modernist home with mid-century commercial locks. Thankfully, Lawrence was familiar with the uniqueness of the locks' design and very deftly removed, cleaned and re-keyed them. We'd just had the entire interior and door repainted.  Lawrence was so careful removing the weatherstripping and did such a thorough and thoughtful job.  Watching him as he worked, I realized that he was the right guy for the right job... so knowledgeable and conscientious.  He made sure to explain everything he was doing and even showed me how to shoot my locks with lithium grease every six months to keep them in perfect working order.Eastway is lucky to have him and we're lucky he was our key guy.
4	When we moved in to our new house, gave them a call to rekey everything. Prompt and courteous. Got the job done well. Two things I did not like so much:1. They tried to talk us in to replacing our locks with something more expensive - all I needed was them to rekey for us.2. Our keys have "Do Not Duplicate" stamped on them - not sure if this is going to be a problem is I ever need to get some extra keys made.
