5	I've been enjoying Gina's Homemade since I came across their biscotti at the Old Town Farmer's Market back in the season of 2010-2011. They slowly began introducing other products, like Gina's amazing meat sauce, and their fantastic cheeses, and I was officially in love. Since they opened their retail shop, I've stopped in when I don't feel like making dinner, but I want something special... and always come out with more than I intended. Gina's burrata is creamy, silky, and just perfect. The lasagna, made with fresh, house-made ricotta, is simple and old-school. No frills needed--just great cheese, pasta, and sauce. I also love the variety of pizzas they have available and have yet to pick a favorite, honestly. I also like that you can complete your meal with a bottle of great wine or grab some truffle butter for... well, anything. (I'm a sucker for good truffle butter.) If you haven't gotten to Gina's yet, it's worth a trip--whether it's to their cute little retail location, or to one of the local farmer's markets in Phoenix & Scottsdale!
5	We received information that Gina's Homemade was just right around the corner from our house so we decided to place an order to go. We ordered the lasagna and the Pop's pizza. My husband told me it's not a "sit down" restaurant, more like a place to buy food, GOOD food to take home.I have to say that this is some of the best food we've had, especially in an area where everywhere you go it's all food chains. The lasagna is UNBELIEVABLE. You have to try it. We ordered the single serving lasagna and we wished we ordered more. I can't express how delish it was. The Pop's pizza was also so delish. If you haven't tried this place, order food and take it home, you truly won't be disappointed.I plan on picking up more lasagna today!!!!!
5	What a fabulous discovery! Everything is made fresh with fresh ingredients so call first to make sure they have what you want or call a day ahead and they will prepare it fresh especially for you the next day. The best Ricotta, Mozzarella and Buratta cheeses I have EVER tasted! The Lasagna is to die for, light, fresh and flavorful (like eating a cloud). We special ordered their Cannelloni and it was INCREDIBLE. We haven't experienced their artisan sandwiches yet but have heard they are spectacular. I also would be remised If I didn't mention their spectacular homemade Biscotti. FYI, not a sit down restaurant, primarily for take-out, special events and catering.Ti Diverti (Enjoy)
1	First off, I'd like to say that I really enjoy the food at Gina's. Unfortunately, my experience with them from June-July was an absolute nightmare.. I first learned about Gina's when I purchased their burratta at my local farmer's market, It was great and when speaking to the rep at the farmer's market, I learned that they sold wines, pizzas, homemade sauces and more at their Scottsdale store location. I started going about once a month and purchasing pizza's, biscotti and wine. I learned that they were starting to hold classes and I was super excited. Even though my boyfriend was out of town, I signed up for their cheese making class in January. I had been wanting to learn how to make mozzarella cheese for years. The class was great. I met some wonderful people and even though the class was a bit crowded, it was totally worth the money. When I had the chance to tell my boyfriend about it, he wanted to sign up too, so a pasta making class, sauce making class and several trips to their retail store in the following months, we thought we had found a great, neighborhood spot to meet like minded people and learn how to make great Italian food. The last class we took was in May and they told us that they were going to have a "food rave" on June 8th which would consist of endless amounts of food, wine and great music, etc. My boyfriend was out of town but I knew it would be a great night, so I paid $100 and signed up. I was looking forward to it for weeks and on the day of the event, I was nervous about how formal it would be, so I called to ask about the dress code. I received an email two hours before the event from one of the owners, Chris Buskirk to tell me that the event had been cancelled due to an illness of one of their children. In the email he asked if I wanted to use the $100 as a credit for product in the store or a credit to a future class. I wrote him back less than 3 minutes later and stated that I was sorry to hear that their kids were sick and said that I'd like to use the money for a future class. In fact, I knew that there was an appetizer class being held on June 25th, so I would call later in the week and reschedule for that class. I figured that since that class was cheaper, both me and my boyfriend could go!I never heard anything back. EVER. I called a few times a week for the next two weeks, sent emails... nothing. June 25th passed and I missed out on the appetizer class. The few times that I would not get an answering machine and actually got an employee on the phone, they would tell me that they personally delivered my message to both of the owners and they didn't know why they weren't calling me back. I felt like a stalker. None of my emails were addressed, none of my phone calls were EVER returned. I wanted to go to the store in person but felt embarrassed and awkward. I kept trying to call for another few weeks and each time the owners were never available but the messages had been delivered according to the staff. I was utterly confused. I still am. Eventually, when it had been a full month of me trying to get in touch with them to no avail, I contacted my credit card company to have the money refunded to my account. To this day, I never received an explanation, an apology or anything. I still don't understand what happened. I think their food is still good but the way they treated me was absolutely horrendous. This is NOT the way a local business should treat their loyal, paying customers.
1	I do not know if this place is open or closed.  We stopped by today, it was dirty and a dive.  Lots of dust and the windows were so dirty you could hardly see inside.  The place is only about a 10x10 little tiny room with only 2 tables and one counter.  It looked terrible and I would not suggest anyone eat there until they clean up.  Not sure what the deal is here or even if it is open for business any longer
1	No sign - door is locked. Voicemail is still working but at 1:30 pm on a Saturday this place is definitely not open for business.
1	Spoke to owner and they are not open to the public anymore. Info on website and Yelp, etc. not up to date. Not sure why they have a storefront that says they are open 11-6.
5	Their food is simply the best. Too bad they closed but I heard we can still get their stuff in some chains like whole foods.
