5	I ordered my dress and am waiting for it to come in so I haven't had the "full" experience  yet -- (preview, alterations, etc.) but so far this place is excellent:My friend dragged me out here to go look for a dress because I had been putting it off for over a year. She was doing her preview of the dress she picked out. I am getting married in just 5 months and reluctantly agreed to go for the ride because I know I am late on looking for a dress. In other words, I came in with a "this is probably going to suck" attitude... but  now I am SO happy I agreed to come!!Natalie (the owner) and her Mom are genuinely enthusiastic and sweet about helping you. They both have a positive, can-do, happy attitude and seem to be authentically excited for you. None of that fake-nice stuff here. The prices are right. I think all the dresses are 2000 dollars or less, which is great because the dresses are still high quality and attractive. As with any boutique, this is not a "warehouse" of a million dresses... Natalie has selected an excellent variety of dresses that will please any girl and not kill you with "choice overload." I spotted my dress immediately, tried it on and fell in love. I wanted it instantly. Natalie and her Mom suggested I try on a few more to make sure that feeling I was having for this dress was "THAT" feeling you are supposed to have when you found the right one. It is and it was and I went back the next day and ordered it.If you don't live in Gilbert or live in central Phoenix/Arcadia like I do- then this place is quite a drive but I feel like its no problem because of the experience, dress quality and prices.Another of our friends purchased her dress here... so that makes 3 of us! I heard that this place has been open for just under a year. I hope they are successful because they made my experience so far wonderful. Also, Natalie's husband runs the yogurt shop a few doors down. My mother in law and I made sure to get some delicious coconut yogurt after the order. They will also take pictures of you from various angles and e-mail them to you so you can share/compare and get opinions from friends and family! I would most definitely recommend it!
5	I am so happy about my experience! I was the soon to be bride that dreaded the dress shopping part. I hate trying things on for one....and also...I had a bad online dress disaster that bummed me out about the whole thing! Well I heard good things about this place from a friend of mine and my mom and I made an appointment. You will not meet anyone sweeter than the owner Natalie! I was comfortable from the second I walked in. The store is very clean, organized and for not being a big dress gal...BEAUTIFUL dresses all across the walls. I felt like I was visiting a designer in NY or something! I pretty much loved every dress I tried on. She takes pictures of you from a real camera! Not an iPhone haha. And she gets you at all angles and emails them to you so you can see them after you leave! If she didn't do that I would have never picked the dress I picked! She is so helpful and truly wants you to find your perfect dress. I really think it's a passion of hers to help others and it shows. I went to a couple places before her to look around and I tell you....my experiences were terrible. I won't go into detail...but zero customer service and dirty sample dresses was the trend I ran into. Natalie is professional and also feels like your best friend at the same time. Its just you and her during the appointment and it's wonderful! It's quiet, nobody is standing around judging you...it's the best! I recommend this boutique to ANYONE getting married! Don't go to those terrible salons that have a row of 10 women trying stuff on...ect. ICK. I wish Natalie all the success in the world and can't wait to see her when my dress comes in! :)
5	My mom had seen an ad about Wedding Belles in the Republic and suggested that we go and check it out. I had yet to start the journey of finding my dress. Well what a wonderful idea it turned out to be. We did not have an appointment, but Natalie let us walk around. We were told that they were having a trunk sale that weekend and that we should check it out. We came back the next day and I tried on a few dresses, but the first dress was amazing. I did not want to settle so I went to another couple of shops and tried on at least a dozen more dresses. I didn't matter though, that first dress was it!!! We went back and bought it. Natalie is a dream to work with. So informative and helpful. I could not be happier with my dress and the experience. I have my final fitting tomorrow and the big day is coming up. If you want to find the dress of your dreams and a wonderful experience then Wedding Belles is the place.
5	I knew I'd like this store when I ran into it at the Phoenix Bridal Convention, especially with 'moderately priced under $2000' on their business card. I went to visit and really liked the store & a specific dress, but wasn't completely in love. Natalie was funny, very honest and helpful with me while trying to keep my purchase UNDER $2000. Although I haven't found a winner just yet, I really appreciate the time she took to meet with us.The dress hunt continues!**Editing my original post: After 14 dress shops & 100+ dresses, I had to come back and see Natalie one more time. I kept remembering the same dress I had tried on about a month ago. My dress has been purchased and now I just wait 4-6 months for it to come in. So relieved and excited to see my dress. Thank you for everything, Natalie!
5	I found my dress at Wedding Belles for my daughter's wedding. Due to a timing change by the U.S. Army, her wedding date was moved up a couple of months and meant that I didn't have time to order a dress. Natalie helped me pick the perfect dress that she had on her floor and helped with the alterations in the store. I found the most beautiful jewelry to match that looked much better than high end costume jewelry with much lower prices. The wedding was last night and I received so many complements on my dress and jewelry. It was a great shopping experience. She went above and beyond to help take the stress out of a wedding with a tight schedule. I will certainly shop here again.
5	The BEST wedding place I have ever been to. The owner is darling and sweet. She knows what she is doing. I felt so at ease in the store. The options are beyond perfect. Found my dress here and I am in love!
5	I booked an appointment here looking for my wedding dress. I had an awful experience at Suzanne's and wasn't very excited to continue my search.  Natalie turned that around for me.  Her shop is so cute and she was attentive, kind, and helpful.  We walked around and I was able to show her what I liked, she pulled so many dresses for me to try on.  I was never rushed or interrogated about my budget.  I felt comfortable and at ease.  I had a very specific dress in mind but Natalie pulled a dress I would have never considered.  It ended up being my dress.  I also purchased my dress close to the recommended deadline and she never made me feel pressured or anxious.  This is a wonderful place I highly recommend to any bride.
5	I had a hard time finding a wedding dress.  I tried on a lot, and none of them made me feel like they were "the one."  I visited tons of boutiques, salons, bridal stores around the valley before I made my way to Wedding Belles.  The first thing I noticed when I got in the door was there weren't a ton of women bombarding you - there was Natalie, the shop owner, and that was it.  I explained to her what I was generally looking for and she helped me find some to try on as well as let me browse through her store.  She offered suggestions and listened to my dislikes carefully.  I hate belts and sashes, and those of you shopping for dresses know there are belts and sashes on everything.  Natalie actually cut a sash off a dress I was trying on so I could see it without it - though I didn't end up buying that one, I did find the dress of my dreams.  Natalie was super flexible with all of my follow up appointments as my work schedule can be complicated.  She even let me borrow a sample veil from the store for my hair trial because my veil hadn't yet come in.  There is no other bridal store like hers, and no salespeople as accommodating as her.  I felt very much like a friend rather then a customer in her store.  I also know she takes special care in selecting the gowns for her store and always has a large selection of beautiful, one-of-a-kind gowns.  Wedding Belles is a must shop on your hunt for your dream dress.
5	My mom and I went wedding dress shopping last weekend, and it was the best choice I have made. I hadn't tried any dresses on yet, and Natalie the owner made the experience very fun and stress free. There was no pressure to buy, and Natalie really helped the process go smoothly...she was realistic with the budget I had to work with and honest as well! The store is so cute and she has a wide variety of dresses as well! I would strongly recommend this store to any bride that wants the "true wedding dress experience" and it feels nice to support a local store in stead of a chain. Before you head anywhere else please take my word and stop at Wedding Belles first!
5	I went to almost every wedding gown shop in the valley, and had a hard time finding a wedding dress that was authentic. I came to wedding belles on a whim because they were nearby and had a good yelp review. Honestly, I couldn't stop finding dresses I loved as I browsed each rack. They were all so tasteful and unique. And looked gorgeous all around. I ended up choosing one that was "the one." The process was simple, the dresses affordable and in my budget, and I got everything tailored and ready for my wedding which was like within just a couple months from the day I purchased the dress. I got so many compliments on my dress and felt the most beautiful I have ever felt in my whole life the day of my wedding in the dress I got from here. All in all, this place is best in the valley.
5	Love, Love, Love this bridal boutique. Natalie, the owner, provided great customer service. She helped my sister pick out such a gorgeous dress.
4	My girlfriends and I visited this shop recently, hoping to find a dress for our best friend. We visited a couple in the area, that had us a but concerned, but as soon as we pulled up to this place we knew we found a gem! First of all, its an adorable shop, inside and out, which makes the experience all that more fun. They also have a very nice selection of moderately priced dresses. I believe they are all under 2K, and our bride found about 20 she wanted to try on. The owner and the assistant we worked with were so helpful and really sweet. They even took some cute pictures of us during and after the appointment. The dress our bride liked best turned out to be her number two. She ended up purchasing a higher end dress at another store, but the experience was no where near as fun and exciting as it was at Wedding Belles. We were all actually sad that it turned out we couldn't give them the business. I would recommend any  bride to be and her girls check this store out. The only reason I didn't give the fifth star is I wouldn't know how they are with the process after the dress-- alterations, etc, but I would imagine they do a great job.
5	Natalie was so awesome in helping me find my perfect dress! She is so sweet and always responded promptly to emails and questions. The boutique has such a wide selection, I was in love with so many of the dresses! At first I thought I'd never spend more than $1000 on a wedding dress but after comparing the quality of the dresses at Wedding Belles to those in a lower cost chain, I knew it was well worth the money. You can see a difference in the fit. Any bride in the area must check out this store when choosing their dress not only for the selection but the great customer service!
5	I love this place! Natalie (owner) is so great to work with, and so was her mother who helped me with my initial appointment! I ordered my dress in late February and it arrived by the end of March, months earlier than scheduled! Unfortunately for me, I'm expecting in July and won't be able to do any initial fittings until much closer to my wedding but it is such a relief to know my dress is already here and it's one less thing to worry about. You really feel like you're amongst friends when you come here, the shop is so cute with GORGEOUS well-priced dresses and there's absolutely no pressure to buy which I experienced at other shops. I'm so glad I came here!
5	Wedding Belles Bridal Boutique was my first stop in my search for a wedding dress.  Natalie and her staff are so incredibly helpful, eliciting the style of the bride before searching for the perfect gown.  I found my dress on the third try and it is everything I hoped it would be.  Throughout the fitting and accessorizing process, the Wedding Belles team continues to be a wealth of information and assistance.  I have not encountered customer service on this level, in any setting, in quite some time.  I would highly suggest this boutique to all brides.
5	I really enjoyed my visit with Natalie. She is fantastic to assist you with shopping. She really understands what your looking for and goes out of her way to make you feel comfortable. Make sure to make an appointment and see for your self!
5	Loved this boutique!! I had 3 months till my wedding and found my dream dress in my budget! The customer service was outstanding and my dress came in almost 3 weeks early! Loved wedding belles!! Would NOT recommend the alterations lady... Had ALOT of problems.
4	Met Natalie at her bridal expo booth a few weeks ago and decided to make an appointment  on the spot since I liked the dresses she was displaying and told me their dresses were under 2K which was perfect for my budget! I live in Downtown Phoenix and had no idea they were in Gilbert until I checked online! I very rarely head to that side of town but after reading all of the great reviews I decided to keep my appointment.I spoke to her over the phone to confirm my appt. since my google calendar was acting up and she mentioned that there would be 2 other brides in the boutique so 3 total. I didn't have a huge problem with it and since I had already spoken to my bridesmaids I couldn't change the date anyway.I went with four other people and as soon as we walked in we were greeted with a smile! She was busy with another bride but told me to look around and pick styles that I liked. I don't think that she had a huge selection but the dresses she had were beautiful and definitely in style. The ones I chose ranged from around 1,200-1,500 which isn't bad considering some were beaded and others had lace.The only reason I give the boutique four stars is because I didn't get the one on one attention I was hoping for. She was stretched a little too thin and couldn't handle three brides at once. Her mother was also there helping out and was the sweetest lady! She actually overheard me talking about what I was looking for and picked an amazing dress! It was the one I chose and purchased that very day!It was way under budget and truly the perfect dress for me! My wedding is in November and she said it will arrive in about 12 weeks so we are cutting it close especially if we need alterations. She assured me that it would be fine and that she'd call them throughout the process to make sure it'll arrive on time.Overall I'm very glad I went to wedding belles. Natalie and her mom were very sweet and welcoming. They made my wedding dress shopping experience very pleasant. I'd recommend making your appt. on a week day or making sure you're not going to have to share you're appt. with other ladies. She did mention that weekends are very busy as well.
5	I had a wonderful experience working with Natalie and the ladies at Wedding Belles! My dress was more than I ever hope for. It came in earlier than promised and they made alterations really easy.
5	Wedding Belles was the best bridal experience I had by far. I didn't have high hopes for finding a dress here, but once I walked in the door I was really impressed. First, everything is under $2000 (I even tried on a gorgeous dress for $350). Second, they have a really great selection. Dresses were modern and there were many different options (much more than you would expect from a small shop). Also, I had really wanted a dress with an illusion neckline. After searching at 6 different stores I had only seen 2 for under $1000. When I walked into Wedding Belles, the first thing I noticed was that they had about 10 moderately priced illusion gowns. This was a great shop and Natalie and Anisa were incredibly helpful. I'm so thrilled to have found my dress here!
5	After going to a large chain bridal gown store, I left feeling really discouraged.  We stumbled upon this place on our way home.  Immediately, Natalie was so sweet and said no appoint was needed.  I told her that our wedding was taking place in Hawaii and she showed me some dresses that she thought would go with the location.  Needless to say, Natalie knows her stuff, she helped me pick out the most perfect dress! Everyone there was so nice and worked with me since I live out of state.  All of the dresses there are gorgeous and reasonably priced for what you get.  My dress was not only beautiful, but you could tell it was good quality. The store is decorated so cute and the staff makes you feel so comfortable.  Do not waste your time and  go here! :)
5	I cannot say enough good things about Wedding Belles! The owner, Natalie, is a gem and has the perfect balance of giving input and letting her brides take as much time as necessary trying on (and re-trying on) gowns.  All of the gowns in the store are under $2k so it was comforting knowing that I did not need to inspect price tags to help make my decision.  She made it incredibly easy for my 4 bridesmaids to all get different styles of dresses from the same designer and always welcomed me with a smile when I stopped by for a color match.  Her enthusiasm for this business truly shines through her customer service -  support local business and get your wedding gown from Wedding Belles!
1	I've been wedding dress shopping at about 4 places including here.  This has been the worst experience I've had by far.  I made an appointment over a week in advance.  The woman who "helped" me, Anissa, was very unhelpful.  In spite of being about 10-15 minutes into my appointment time, she ended up helping someone else who came in to pick up her dress.  This was not a fast pick up process.  I was left to zip up myself and walk out to the mirror alone.  When I asked her how the dress looked bustled, she said she didn't know.  I asked if she had a photo.  She said she did not have a photo but I could look up online how dresses bustle because they are all the same.  She did not offer to look up anything, write any of the dress names down, really help me with much of anything.  I had to really prompt her for everything. This was my one and only chance to try on dresses with my dad.  He was struggling a great deal with the camera and she did not offer to help at all.  I am not a fussy bride, nor a high needs bride.  I do believe that if you make an appointment in advance and are prepared to spend $2,000, the sales person should be there for the customer.  During the appointment, Anissa answered the phone and stayed on the phone for about 10 solid minutes.  I also work in retail.  I am sometimes understaffed.  That said, if I have a customer present, they take priority over anyone on the phone. If they have a question, even if it something I don't know, I find someone who does.  If no one does, I look it up for them.  I offer to help.  I work in a grocery store.  I should not be able to get better customer service getting a burrito made to order than a bridal dress.  Even though the appointment was scheduled to last about an hour, I ended up leaving after about 20 minutes.  If you are looking for lousy selection and a chance to be ignored, this is your place!
1	I have no idea how there can be this many reviews with all these stars. This place was clean, attractive, and the employees were nice, but that's where "nice" stops. I get that having to fit pregnant chicks months in advance proves quite a challenge, but they failed in so many ways. They ordered my dress SUPER huge and then tried to slap me with an almost $200 alteration fee when I went in to be fitted. On a bridesmaid dress. That I'll wear once. They had quoted me at $45 for the fitting when I first scheduled it, and with the location of their store being convenient, I didn't worry too much about it. I did manage to argue them down to $80, which was still way too much for what needed to be done, but I was running out of time, so I just dealt with it. I go in a couple weeks later for the "last fitting" which just means, "here to pick up the dress" because their alteration chick wasn't even there and the wedding is tomorrow. It's horrible. It is still gigantic, it bags off my boobs, and the sleeves fall down.  The owner's solution? Fabric tape for the sleeves and driving to Scottsdale to find the alteration lady so she can see IF she can fix it in time. Uh no. If it were just me having these issues, I'd get it. Projecting what a seven month pregnant lady will fit in four months beforehand, is a pickle, sure. But all six of the other bridesmaids had the same issues (minus the baby belly). Walked into giant alteration bills after being promised it was "only $45" and their dresses still didn't fit. Seriously? If you're charging that much, those dresses should fit like a friggin glove. When I got married, the store I picked to get all my dresses, the alterations were included, and were AMAZING. We didn't have to sit there for 45 minutes after our scheduled time to finally get someone's attention like at this place. You got fitted at your scheduled time. Period. Not here though. I feel like the girls who run this place are confused as all hell and have never done a wedding before. It was so chaotic, I have no idea how they haven't had rocks thrown through their windows from brides at their wits end.I watched them fit a bride at my fitting and she had this simple little sheathe dress with absolutely no structure to it. Any alterations on that bad boy would be easy peasy. But they quoted her over $500 for it!! I almost passed out for the bride! Poor thing never batted an eye though, and just paid it. If you're getting married, do your research. Don't just pick the first place you come across because "their dresses are pretty." Any store you go to can order your dress. Ask questions. Don't just take the crap they shovel, because they will pull whatever they can in the wedding "biz."Oh and the lady who alternated my dress? She broke the zipper when she moved it. So what I'm going to do for the wedding TOMORROW, I have no clue.
