5	The best babysitting and nanny service in Las Vegas! Anahi, the owner,  is very caring, professional and experienced. She loves kids and kids love her even more. I would recommend Anahi to anyone looking for a reliable and caring sitter or a nanny who will exceed expectations of any family.
5	Anahi is a wonderful person and great babysitter.  She is reliable, professional, patient, and most of all my kids love her!
5	Anahi is an amazing nanny!  She is kind and caring and I never have to worry when she is at my house.  My one year old and two year old boys are all smiles when she comes over.  They have so much fun they don't want her to leave!  I would highly recommend Anahi to all my friends and family.
5	I have been lucky to have Anahi in our life since our oldest was 1 and now she is 6.  She's been with my other two children, 4 and 4 months since they were born.  She's amazing, thoughtful and caring.  My kids adore her and always cannot wait to see her.  I have also used one of her other sitters as well and I cannot say enough good things about her too.  Not only is she good with children, she is great with pets.  We have 2 dogs as well and she has pet sat for us at times when we are away.The service is amazing and I would recommend it to anyone!!!
5	She did great! Came out to Vegas for vacation and she helped watch my daughter at the hotel. Very nice lady, thank you Anahi!
5	I wanted to make sure to come on and leave a review as it's scary to leave your kids with a random person and we tried this company and it went well.we were visiting Vegas for my dad's 60th, but we have little kids and wanted to go out one night. We called a few different places and love and care was on the cheaper end and offered the same service. She gave us 20% by booking on her website for the 1st time.Our nanny showed up on time, dressed professionally, she came with what we asked for: drivers license, copy of her background check, and her first aid and CPR card. She showed us these documents without having to ask which was nice. She communicated with us via text through out the night. For example my monitor was dying so she text asking where the charger was.Overall I felt comfortable and would use this company again
5	We had a last minute invite to a show in Vegas. We tried hard to look for friends to watch our 3 young ones here in L.A. to go for a quick over night to no avail. Really not wanting to miss out on free tickets to the MJ cirque show, I began searching for a nanny service. I'm glad someone posted that the hotels recommendation is based on kick backs and to search further! Believe me, I do not leave my kids often! I'm a stay at home mom and our sitters are always friends. Anahi met our last minute needs, arrived on time. I just got a good vibe from her over the phone and felt the same when we met. She did great with my 6, 8 and over tired 16 month old.  She took them into the hotel and got them dinner. She was not at all tenative about dining with the 3. She followed my directions about bedtime and had them asleep on time, 8:30. She rocked the baby to sleep b/c he wouldn't settle right away.From my daughters I learned she bathed my baby boy after he pooped. Which to me was so loving and considerate. I'm of the thought that wipies never properly clean as well as a bath. So sweet that she bothered to bathe him. I had asked if she had an extra swim diaper since I was out and she kindly brought one.Anahi was fine that we stayed out an hour extra even though she had been up since the wee hours and had to wake up super early again. I highly recommend Love and Care sitters. My girls had a good time with her. I also appreciated that she was vigilant about what they watched on tv and asked them to change the cartoons that seemed age inappropriate. Go love and care sitters!!!Would definately call them again and hope her business thrives!
5	We needed to find a sitter for dinner reservations and the concierge at the hotel recommended another company, but it was at a 40-45/hour rate and a 3-4 hour minimum.  Steep price to sneak out to Joel Robuchon.  We looked on to yelp and found Anahi.  We called her the day of our reservation in the morning and she confirmed availability and agreed to meet at the hotel lobby at 8.30.We had a pretty straightforward arrangement.  We planned on putting our daughter to bed and wanted Anahi to hand around and ensure nothing bad happened.  Anahi showed up on time, was pleasant and took care of everything until we got back.  We were happy with the service and price and would use her services again next time we're in Vegas
5	My family and I were out in Las Vegas last week.  I called on a Sunday afternoon hoping that my wife and I could go out to dinner and see a show that night if someone could watch our children.To my great relief, Anahi was available and showed up at our hotel room three hours later.  She brought games and activities for our two children and texted us throughout the night to let us know how everything was going. She even put them to bed and followed our medication requests too.We will definitely call her again when we need childcare in Vegas.  Not cheap, but money well spent!!!!
5	We traveled to Vegas for a wedding and were in desperate need a a dependable nanny. I found Love & Care Sitters through Yelp and based on the positive reviews we booked 2 evenings for Anahi to watch our 1 year old around the time we was going to bed/ in bed. Anahi is very sweet and took great care of our son, and also texted us updates. I would recommend her to any of my friends and will definitely schedule her again if we find ourselves back in Vegas.
