5	I really like this place a lot. I worked the front counter at a quality dry cleaner's my entire high school career. I know dry cleaning, and I know when people do a crappy job. If anywhere tells you they can do 1-day dry cleaning.... don't buy it. You'll get bad results. This location is not a chain, and they do everything in-house. This is the way it should be done. It seems to be a family place, and they are always really friendly. They also accept competitor's coupons.  When I first started searching for dry cleaners around my area, my clothes came back with white spots, not pressed, and linty.. etc. Absolutely not worth the money. This place is worth the 15 minute drive from my house. It really seems like they take their time. They've sewn buttons back on for me, and took special care for stains. They also press my pants with creases the way I like them! I have never had any problem with this dry cleaners.
5	Great service and friendly faces. The family running Ultra Cleaners is as nice as they come. They put extra effort into the work too. I've never had suits look better. This will be my only dry cleaner.
2	I went to this cleaners for alteration to a gown. They told me they would alter the hem of the gown for $10-15, which I thought was a great deal because I had just been quoted $30. I left the dress and was told it would be ready by Thursday (I needed it for an event that day). I was called on Wednesday saying the cost was actually about $50, and would not be ready until Friday. I asked for the dress back but the dress was at a different location and they could not have it back to me. My plan was to take it to another location to get hemmed. Given the short amount of time, I ended up having them alter the gown although it was expensive. I ended up wearing a different gown since, although it was ready by Thursday, it was too late and I couldn't pick it up. The manager only gave me a 10%-15%. As good business practice, she should have given me the original price I was quoted.  At the end of it all, I ended up paying more (about $48), and the hem on the gown was done sloppily and the material now has a permanent wave at the base of the dress (probably because if the thread and tension used). It is an expensive and fancy gown, so I was pretty bummed they did a sloppy job. The positive: the two ladies I worked with were nice and professional.
4	Great cleaners I have never had an issue with any of my clothes. Prices are a bit more than some of your cheap cleaners but the quality of work is much better.  Stains have always been removed and clothes have always been returned on time.
5	I needed my wedding dress cleaned and I asked Almond Tree Bridal (where I purchased my gown) who they trust to clean their gowns; Louie's Ultra Cleaners is the place. They did not disappoint; my gown's dirt-marked tulle was completely cleaned, bustle attachment repaired (it broke), and my dress seems as fresh, pressed and new as my wedding day AND all for less than $100!! Thank you Ultra!
5	I will never do my own laundry again. $15 for a ten pound wash and fold. Wow it's nice to know that life does not have to be so hard.
5	I took my older daughters prom dress here because my younger daughter wanted to wear it. It had never been cleaned after the first wearing, just hung up. When we took it out 5 years later, we found a water type stain on the taffeta and unknown sticky food type messes on the hem.I took it to Ultra cleaners based on their yelp reviews and I was not disappointed. Although they apologized that they couldn't get all of the stain out, as far as I could see, they had. It was beautiful, like new and my daughter felt amazing for her big night in the dress she had always dreamed of wearing.
