5	Great service!! Super nice people!! Ask for Lance the Service Manager.
1	Won't quote on a small repair without getting oil change ......    refused to quote me until I got in line for the oil change ..... not a smart way to build business.  I would call it bait and switch at its finest ! !    also OVER Priced when it comes to standard oil changes.
5	This place is very professional. My wife needed an oil change and they came running right out to great her.  She was helped by a guy named Chris. He was great, got it done quickly.  We've since returned and got a good deal on new brakes as well as a replacement coolant hose.
5	After trying a handful of quick-change garages in the Charlotte area, I think I have found the spot to go to from here forward. From the guy who came out to my car before I'd even pulled in completely, to the technician that had me go with him for the drive to road test the tire balance and rotation, I think these folks do a really solid job. No more steering wheel vibration!Waiting in the customer waiting room (there's a TV and free wi-fi), another customer had some major stuff going on with her car. They did what they could to prioritize the work so that the important stuff she could afford got done. She seemed pleased as well.$59 for a full oil change with balancing and rotating the tires seems pretty reasonable to me. I'll be back.If you are having more serious work done that requires a wait, there is a Dunkin Donuts and a Taco Bell within a stone's throw. Other restaurants nearby too.
2	This place is called Express Oil Change and has a side business called "Same Day Mechanical."I had my pick up in for coolant leak.  They said lower intake manifold gasket cause.  Book time to repair 3.6hours.  Should be done in 1/2 to one full day.  I agreed.It took them 5 (five) full working days to repair.  YES "FIVE" days.Should have know what to expect.  Took 1/2 day for diagnosis.  Told would be done next day.Day 2-not done.  Excuse: only one mechanic on duty.  No other A-techs.Day 3-not done:  Top of engine in pieces.  Mechanic says "I used to work for GM dealer." "I want to 'focus' on getting this done."  "I'm gonna stay late tonight and finish."   "Will be done by noon tomorrow."Day 4-not done:  Top of engine STILL in pieces.  Mechanic says "It will be done shortly".  SHIT AC compressor was not even in place.  No F****in way it could have been done.Day 5.  Go in.  2 other A-techs working on it.  Mechanic who said he needed, and wanted to, focus on it was not there.  It was his day off.  Was not done.  They finished up after hours.Truck working fine now.  Runs well.Price OK.  Big jobs like this never cheap.So, if you want just a quickie oil change.  Good luck.If you have a more complicated mechanical issue they can get it done, but NOT in a reasonable, timely manner.Oh yea, on way out a lady brought in her FIAT to get an oil change.  5 A-techs stood around in trying to figure out how to get oil filter removed.......(5 big guys standing around this lil car looking at each other.  Hilarious.)..Be careful my friends.
4	As soon as i pulled into the parking lot i was greeted in a friendly manner by one of the guys. I came here for an oil change at lunch. It was pretty basic. It seemed kind of pricy but I guess that's the price of convenience. It was nice to not have to make an appt. I would only come here for the basics. (Oil change or an inspection)
