4	I got really excited when I find out that Nestle Toll house is going to open in this outlet. They sell different kind of stuff from pastries to smoothie, they also sell crepes and frozen yogurt. One of my favorite here is the coconut macaroon! It brings me back in my childhood. The service was ok, they need to improve and smile more, they've been only open for several days.
1	I work here in the mall, and was so excited that I would be able to go to somewhere other than Subway on my lunch break.  Unfortunately,  the service here is HORRIBLE! Everyone behind the counter is more concerned about their personal lives rather than the customers that are in their store. Sorry Nestle, but you've been open long enough to have MUCH better customer service. I guess Subway will continue to get my $
4	4 stars for the food and product , missing 1 star due to the customer service ... The GM is really nice but the rest of the crew needs some customer service intervention ! Thank goodness they crepes were good !
1	Gas station coffee made with an oversized nestle coffee machine, i can make better coffee at home  with my keurig, and the lady didnt know lattes could  be hot, she kept asking if we wanted ice in it:(  and overpriced
1	I was sadly disappointed. They barley opened and I was excited to try them out. Sorry but everything was dull tasting, I can go to the store, buy the pre-made cookie dough and make better cookies and brownies. Not impressed, save your money.
3	I'm glad this cafe is here.  I came here on one occasion and had their chocolate strawberry crepe, which I thought was decent.  I would purchase it again.  The other day I bought 6 cookies (the deal was buy 5 get 1 free) and two scoops of ice cream to take home to my parents.  This cost about 12 or 13 bucks all together.  The chocolate chip was the freshest.  The other kinds are probably not as popular so sit out a little long.  My dad made a comment that the ice cream didn't taste like real vanilla.   However, I don't want to be too nit-picky because there really isn't anything in the area that offers the ease and convenience to pick up cookies and ice cream.  Sure there are tons of restaurants nearby, but like I said, ease and convenience.On both visits I found the staff to be pleasant and willing to assist.  Also, the lay out of the cafe itself is inviting and cozy.
