5	Can you say black velvet Armani jacket for under $70? I've been consigning and shopping at Regal Rags for years. Whenever I get compliments on my outfits from RR (happens a lot), I love to say, "It's free!!"  (or at least feels that way when you have credit on account from what you've consigned). So if you look in your closet and don't have anything to wear, clean it out, consign the clothes, and start shopping. You'll find fabulous buys on amazing clothes and you won't worry about showing up dressed like someone else who just shopped at the mall.
5	I have known the owner Lizz Burnette for years and she is amazing! The clothing you will find here is exceptional. Examples: Jimmy Choo shoes, Channel, Henri Bendel, St. John's, Furs and Coats or all labels, Louis Vuitton, boutique labels, labels sold at department stores, vintage and one of kind finds. The prices have a wide range but she has amazing sales for 50%-90% off. The parking lot sales held a few times a year are when you can find things for great prices. She is an exceptional lady as well since she rescues animals, is a great business woman(17 years owned Regal Rags), and hires only great people to work for her. She excepts clothing that is gently used of all seasons at anytime. If you are a first time consignor you need 10 items to start your account and later on it is as many as you want. It is a 60/40 split. 40% you keep. You can use your money in the store or you can take the money and keep it as you wish!
5	Regal Rags is a hidden gem! Regal Rags carries so many designer brands from Boutique labels to High End Runway labels. You never know what you will find. There is something here for every women and every budget. Currently there is a 75% off sale going on tell the end of August. Then a few days before Thanksgiving there will be a large parking lot sale where merchandise is 75-90% off. It is absolutely mind blowing, and amazing. Come in and take a look, you won't be disappointed.We have the best customer service here. You are welcomed upon entering, given refreshments, and treated like royalty. It doesn't matter if you purchase or not, you will leave with a smile on your face. So come on down bring 10 items to cosign that are in good selling condition. We only take Women's clothing, no children's or men's clothing!
5	Current Sale is 50% off all red-marked items! It is absolutely amazing! There are designer boots, bags, dresses, pant-suits, skirts, blouses, shirts, vests, etc. Come on down to Regal Rags where the customer service is friendly and you leave with a smile on your face knowing you didn't pay full retail!
5	Love the placeBeen shopping and consigning for 10 years with RegalOwner is good with clothesHappy with her honesty and retailingHave bought a lot there
5	Sales going on! 25-50% off! You can find amazing finds like: Tory Burch, Escada, St. John, Burberry, Herve Leger, boutique labels, maxMara, banana republic, Missoni, Tiffany & CO, Chanel, Dior, Louis Vuitton, Prada and so much more.Sell your clothes, jewelry, etc here!Leave Happy!
