2	Wow, this place seriously reminds me of Chotchkie's from the movie Office Space. I expected to see Jennifer Aniston with her 15 pieces of flair.The menu is forever long and takes an eternity to read. Every sandwich has some cute little name. I ordered a chicken salad sandwich which was fair at best. The fries were seriously good though. Otherwise, lackluster food... with flair.Went there on a Monday for lunch on our way home from vacation. This place was pretty busy with local soccer moms, strollers, high chairs, etc. The prices were on the high side for what you get.I'm sure there are better food alternatives both in the mall and among the out parcels around here. I will not go back.
2	I was turned on to Macado's by the one in my college town, and that one (Boone, NC) is better than this one.  I think this location (Concord Mills) may be bigger, but the service is not better.  I seem to have service issues (slow!) nearly every time I come here but the food is good, so...  It's a good place to stop for a meal before seeing a movie.  If you're trying to make a specific movie time, though, don't stop in here expecting a quick in-and-out.
3	We stopped by Macado's one day while shopping at Concord Mills Mall.  The jungle/safari theming looked interesting, but that's where it ended.  The food and service were just average, and our waitress wasn't even sure what happy hour was.  What can you expect from a mall restaurant, though, right?  In fact, it's one of the only sit-down restaurants in the mall.  That's probably the only reason it's still there.   My advice?  Wait 'til you leave the mall and hit one of the many restaurants between the mall and I-85.
4	I'd never dream of going to Macado's for the food. This place is was The Spot for me and my AMC friends in high school, so of course, it's the first place we go when we reunite (or rather, we wander around the mall, pretending to think about where we want to eat, when one of us will say, "Hey, how 'bout Macado's?" And the rest of us will go, "Why, that's a great idea!")For me, Macado's is all about dessert, namely the brownie pie, with vanilla ice cream (though, yes, I am lactose intolerant, but you gotta live sometime!) Pretty standard brownie with ice cream and chocolate sauce, but as with many foods, the secret ingredient is love: A crew of friends spooning off the same clump of ice cream after a long shift at the cinema, or a group of hardworking grads revisiting old familiars. Macado's, I heart you. And Talbie, the cute bartender I've crushed on since high school. ;)
3	I've been at Macado's in Blacksburg, Christiansburg, Radford and Lynchburg and this is by far the bottom of the rankings in my opinion.  Not that the food was bad I would say Macado's is more about the envirnoment than the food but this one seemed to lack something that the others have. Blacksburg is the best!
4	Cool place, good music and great sandwiches at reasonable prices.  Was a regular at the one in Boone and while this one seems a little, um, fake I guess it's still okay.  The Ricochet Rabbit is one of my favorite sandwiches.
3	6/28/10On our last day in Charlotte, we went to see the "Karate Kid" remake and then have lunch at Macado's.  Since I've never been, I decided I'd get whatever the soup of the day was, as well as one of their daily sandwich specials.  My sister has eaten here a few times and was craving for one of their quesadillas.Mom and I love French onion soup, and when we found out that this was the soup of the day, we had to try it!  While its presentation was a bit strange, its flavor was very good!  We loved the texture of the cheese, but did wish more of it was "crunchified."  I really appreciated how the soup WASN'T too salty.  I chose the Ragtime sandwich from a choice of three, I believe (bear with me, it's been a couple of months).  The sandwich consisted of grilled rye bread filled w/ generous slices of rare roast beef, crispy bacon, melty Swiss cheese, and Macado's famous spicy sauce (chipotle-based).  I would order this again!!  It came w/ crinkle-cut fries that were cooked to crispy perfection!  I passed on the ketchup, and used Macado's spicy sauce, instead.  Great combo- if only I could order this at work!My sister's black bean quesadilla looked so good (even though it looked a bit "deflated" IMO, but I couldn't try it for myself due to the addition of corn and black bean (LOL).  Everyone who tried it said it was delicious!I could do w/out the decor- too cluttered.  Service was friendly enough.
5	Had a late lunch on a rainy day before seeing a movie.  The manager was bar tending and was excellent.  The menu is huge!  I asked what his favorite was and ordered it.  Excellent.  Really good specials as well!
3	Macado's is the perfect stop for a drink or small meal before seeing a movie at Concord Mills mall.  My wife and I stopped by here on our very first date before seeing a movie.  It is a quiet laid back atmosphere.If you are looking for sandwiches or small snack items this place is hard to beat.  They have a small bar area, but a large seated area, all booths.  The food is relatively inexpensive and they have an interesting mix of sandwiches.My favorite is the Johnny D,  it is chicken, pepperoni, and provolone served on a bagel. Also they have several TVs in the bar area if you are wanting to watch some sports while the wife is shopping :)
3	KC fried chicken is the best! Located inside Concord Mills Mall. Great for a cold one while you're shopping. Massive sandwich menu and good service.
3	A good place to stop in and get a decent sandwich and chips. If you are trying to eat quickly before a movie at the AMC and don't want the food court, Macado's is a good choice. The staff is friendly and the menu items are decently priced.  My favorites are the Johnnee Dee and the Dr. Watson; both are served on a warm plain bagel. I've tried the nacho appetizer which was very messy and tasted one step up from movie theater nachos. Daily beer specials and food specials also make this a great place to stop. The atmosphere is nice, for being in the middle of the mall. The menu is huge and it is very hard to decide between all the sandwiches because they all sound great.
2	Not my Macado's I remember in Boone,NC.  Place was empty and food took awhile to come out.
3	Mehhh. Mediocre. You could probably go to your local wal mart and get all your ingredients and it would taste the same. Nothing special but worth going in for a casual date. Bar at night is expensive though...spent 20 bucks on 3 shots one night thy weren't even that strong. Service is bad if you are a young teen, okay if you're college aged, and mediocre if you are older.
4	i like stopping in here for a schooner or two...or three...it's near my house and they always seem to be open even though they are located in the mall......i am also obsessed with the kc fried chicken mac and cheese! believe me, it is nothing gourmet, but it is just good comfort food. people often bypass thismenu item because they are known for their sandwiches.
5	This place is fantastic on atmosphere alone.  It's a great place to sit back relax and hang out.  The bartenders are great!  I've been coming here for ten years between breaks at the mall, pre gaming, or even a bite to eat.  It's a good change of pace from your run of the mill frat boy hang out in university.  I highly recommend the Tom and Jerry.  Also great drink specials.
3	Here on 4/21/12Just came in here to get a salad and soup. The place is loud , but not overtly so, and has  a lot of colorful, odd, decor.  If you bring kids ask to sit near the tree. It is. Manmade tree with all kinds of cool things and animals hanging from it.My salad was good, but lacked color. Lots of lettuce and 1 tiny grape tomato and 1 cucumber slice.  I was disappointed. However, the balsamic vinigrette was very.good. as for the soup, I had the broccoli/cheese which was tasty.  I really wanted to know what the 'soup of the day' was, as it was stated on the menu, but apparently they only had the broccoli and cheese and french onion. No.daily soup specials.Overall satisfied withthis dining experience.
2	I like the food, but every time I've gone (about 7 or 8 times) I've had absolutely horrible service. We even walked out once after 15 minutes of not even being brought drinks. Finally learned my lesson. It isn't just 1 waiter or 1 cook. The whole place moves at a snail's pace.
4	I love coming to Macado's on a Monday night to order the wings and a hindy. The Hindy is a huge sandwich that can feed up to four people and on Monday nights they are half priced. They also have a special on their wings on Monday nights where they are 35 cents. I go with my husband and take half the sandwich home for lunch the next day. Macado's is a small chain and I used to go to the one in Blacksburg Virginia a lot but they all seem to have the same menu and specials. I've been to this particular location twice now and I've loved it though I would advise against ordering a regular reuben. Their turkey reubens are good but the last time I ordered one with the traditional corned beef it was really fatty and super salty.
3	We live close to the mall and this is one of our regular spots. We have been so many times that I guess the "interesting" decor is not really noticed anymore. There is everything from Hollywood props of dinosaur busts on the walls....like I said "interesting". But it is the food and service that brings us back. We have a picky eater and their Mac and cheese is his fav. My wife and I usually get a sandwich of some sort, there are lots and lots to choose from. You can also build your own sandwich if you desire. Bottom line......great family place inside Concord Mills mall.
3	Macado's is neither the best sandwich spot nor the worst. It's a convenient choice for anyone perusing the Concord Mills Mall and offers a pretty solid lunch in that $8-10 price point. It was empty for an early Wednesday afternoon lunch - we had a larger party of 7. They were very nice about letting me make substitutions to the already endless menu options.  For example, I had no problem subbing grilled chicken for fried and adding roasted red peppers. I was a little confused with the menu as their specialty seemed to be sandwiches but they also touted their  Italian entrees and Mexican appetizers. If anything this menu reminded me of a bar. My sandwich  tasted good though their lunch meats were not freshly sliced deli-quality. The bread however was excellent, I highly recommend the ciabatta.I ordered the fruit on the side (in lieu of chips), but the fruit tasted acidic so I think it was jarred in liquid. I'd stick with chips next time. Fries are not a side option, but you can order an entire basket- which someone in our group did though they were delivered later than our sandwiches. My only other slight complaint is the time it took to get our sandwiches, which was a considerable wait though we were the only people in the place..and we all ordered sandwiches. All in all it was just A-ok.
4	We decided to take the kids out for a quick bite to eat and kids eat free at Macado's on Tuesdays.  2 free kids meals with the purchase of 1 adult entree to be exact.  So, with 3 kids to feed that's a great deal!  We were seated right away because there were only about 3 other tables in the entire place.  You would think that would mean we would have quick service (I saw 3 waitresses including ours)...wrong.  It took quite awhile for the waitress to even come to our table. Then took awhile to get our drinks and an excessive amount of time to get our food.  However, the kids meal choices are great.  There are tons of items for them to choose from which is rare on a kids menu.  The regular menu is a bit daunting for me.  I tend to order 1 of about 4 items that I've always gotten.  It would just take too long to read that entire thing!  Once the food finally arrived it was hot and good.  No complaints there, and as anyone with kids knows it is next to impossible to have 3 kids that are not complaining about something!  The kids mac n'cheese is baked and delicious!  My husband and I got nachos and a club sandwich to split.  We feed a family of 5 with tip for $24.00, unbelievable!  Our food bill was $17.89.If I had no kids and wasn't looking for a decent place to do the kids eat free thing however we probably would never eat here.  The atmosphere is weird and quiet.  They do have beer and wine specials nightly as well as food specials.  $5.85 Burgers all day on Tuesday for dine in.  Well be back again...on a Tuesday of course!
2	We went in because we noticed it wasn't very busy and we wanted to grab a quick bite to eat.  The waitress acknowledged us, brought us 2 out of the 3 drinks we ordered and then she never came back to our table.  After 15 mins we got up and left.  I would leave a 1 star but I reserve that for blatantly rude or disgusting places.
4	Surprised by all the low ratings....hmm.  This place is one of my favorites when I'm near the mall and hungry.  I've never had a bad sandwich here.  The menu selection is so vast it's almost annoying.  I can never decide what to order and then always wish I had tried something else.....although most everything I've eaten here is good.  The potato salad is awesome, pretzels and cheese awesome.  Do yourself a favor and get a booth in the bar area....the wait staff here come around more often and have more personality (not the younger wait staff who stand up front and talk all shift with the hostesses).By the way, this place is pronounced "Mack-uh-dewz" not "Muh-kah-doze".....took a year to figure that one out.  LOL
5	gone!!!! finally went out of business. Can't believe it took This long.  Wonder what's coming next.
3	CLOSED.  They do have a Charlotte location not far away in University City that is still open. Good food, used to be a favorite in college (Boone) eat there less as I don't frequent sandwich places that often and their non sandwich offerings are limited.
3	Huge menu of sandwiches. Maybe too huge as many selections are very similar. Still the food was good. French bread and croissant used for our sandwiches were highlights. Kids loved the pretzel dog. Service could be better.
