3	Friendliness of staff and eye doc ~ 5 stars! The doc (Herb Smith I think?) was funny and friendly. Held conversation and made you feel very comfortable. I feel kinda weird in a small dark room with a strange man 2 inches from my face but he didn't make it awkward. Even asked about my tattoos lol. The asst lady that took care of me was super awesome. Very nice and explained everything fully. Cleanliness (which is BIG to me) ~ 5 stars! The woman wiped down everything with alcohol pads. I'd like to do that to some random strangers. Selection of lenses ~ 2...nothing compared to somewhere like LensCrafters and a lot that are the same style, just different brands and pricesWait time ~ 2...in all actuality the wait time wasn't that bad, it was just a TON of back and forth. I think because they only have 1 exam room and 1 test thingy room. They do tests, back to waiting room, see the doc, back to waiting room, more tests, back to waiting room, see doc, back to waiting room. Put contacts in, test, waiting room then doc. Finally time to discuss prices and pick out glasses. Appt was at 5:15, left at 7:20. Some great deals though. Had a Groupon which covered lenses and frames (I sprung for no glare though) and they price match contacts. I paid $18 for a year supply, yes after insurance, but MUCH cheaper than ordering online. Overall I would def recommend and I'll likely go back next year, just be prepared to wait :))
5	Took my diabetic mother for her first eye exam ever this past weekend. She was a little nervous and didn't know what to expect. It was an awesome first experience from start to finish!! Front desk staff was extremely friendly and helpful! Check In was super simple! We had completed our paperwork online, I highly recommend that! So simple! Dr Earl was amazing!! She took amazing care of my mom and made the eye exam an awesome first experience! Selection of eyewear and price ranges were great! Entire staff was very knowledgeable and friendly!! I highly recommend this place!!
4	Very pleasant staff and painless process as far as the exam itself.  Professional and helpful doctor. (Herb Smith) Excellent selection of glasses and my appointment went smoothly as I came a little early and took me right away. Also, their hours are great (open until 6pm) My favorite part is all of my paperwork I was able to do online before I got to my appointment, so they provide an extremely easy online customer service process.  Everything was explained very clearly as far as insurance coverage. I am very happy with my appointment and I would recommend .
5	My experience with MyEyeDr was very pleasant. The friendliness of the staff made my visit even more pleasant. They made me feel very comfortable. Dr. Herb Smith is awesome and after having conversation with him, I found out that our home towns were not far from each other. The hours are very accommodating which made making an appointment very easy. This was my first time visiting the office, but this was not my first time as a patient of MyEyeDr. I look forward to my next visit in this upcoming year.
