4	Had to rush Baby C over to CCMC on Sunday as he was having difficulty breathing.  We've been down the respiratory issue path with Baby C a few times.  That and I have my own asthma/allergy issues...so I know how to treat him.  When everything I had done in the past wasn't working (breathing treatments, steam shower, back to back treatments), I threw my hands up.  I knew my limitations and knew it was time to have him looked at.  The ER for Cardon's is in the same location as Banner Desert.  However, Peds is on one side and the other side is for non Ped patients.  Within minutes of walking in and checking in, Baby C was being rushed back, having vitals taken and getting a plan of action.  Thought he was going to have to be admitted, but we dodged that bullet.  The Dr and RT (actually all of the staff) that was looking after him were great.  Heck, one of the staff members even brought him in a toy to play with (wasn't sure if it was 100% clean, so I gave it a good wipe down first).  But seriously..how cool is that.  They made sure I had everything i needed while we were there - which was about 9 hours in total.  Did I need water?  No problem.  Needed to run to the restroom and have someone watch Baby C?  No problem.  Did I need something to nosh on?  Here, have some snacks.  Never do I want to step foot in a Children's Hospital.  BUT, if I have to, I'm going to make sure from now on it's Cardon Childrens Medical Center (we've been to PCH once - back in November..was not really a good experience).
1	I wouldn't take my son here if it were the last hospital in earth. We were admitted here when he was 3 days old with severe jaundice. The first nurse was friendly but seemed like her and her other little nurse friend were fresh out of school and knew basically nothing. This nurse couldn't figure out how to turn on the bilirubin lights,  my mom had to tell her and as we would find it later she turned it to the wrong setting. The doctor came in 3 times and never caught this as well as a plethora of nursing staff who were vastly inexperienced with little to no bedside manner.  It wasn't until our very last night that the nurse on staff introduced herself and explained the game plan. This is when we found out the list of things the other nurses had done wrong. I was very upset about this and let the nurse know, I'm guessing she either noted it in my son's chart or spoke to the doctor directly because the next morning the doctor came in and her demeanor was completely different with us. She would dismiss all of our concerns and sent my son home after his bilirubin levels had risen over night.I questioned her on this and she said she was "fine with it". That afternoon my son stopped eating, a few hours later he became unresponsive and we were admitted directly to the NICU at Chandler Regional who's staff and doctors were amazing. My son had to be retreated for jaundice for two more days and was treated for an infection that was completely overlooked at Cardons. Following this experience I got to have fun with their immaculately incompetent billing department. Over nearly 7 months I filed 3 different grievances and spent hours on the phone with multiple departments only to be told by the last person I spoke to that there was no record of any grievance. The ONLY nice thing I can say is this last person actually did her job and filed my grievance. They wrote off my entire bill and refunded the cash I had paid at the hospital, something I hadn't even requested, and informed me the doctor would be brought before a review board, not sure if that every actually happened but it's nice to know she didn't get a penny from us. Will NEVER return to this hospital under any circumstance and most definitely not with my child.
4	We brought my daughter in with a fractured arm, incorrectly splinted at another clinic. I really like the staff here. They were very friendly and knowledgeable. I appreciate that they took the time to explain things to us that were never mentioned at the other clinic. I never got the impression that they were in a hurry to see another patient.Maybe we just got lucky going in on a slow day, but the time spent waiting around was probably as good as it gets at an ER.
5	My son has had 7 hospitalizations, five of them at Cardon. Cardon has consistently given us good care and I really love nurse Tori on the 4th floor. I had a terrible experience at PCH and it made me appreciate Cardon even more. The care at Cardon is a whole family experience .
5	We had to take our son to Cardon due to a hematology issue and the hospital was great. All the staff were very friendly and were always willing to answer any questions we had. You could tell that they truly cared about the kids and wanted them to be well taken care of. The facility was also very clean and comfortable.
