5	I really enjoyed my experience at this nail spa.  The technicians were very attentive.  I had a manicure and a pedicure and the maincure included "Gelish."  So it wasn't cheap, but I also wasn't disapointed.  The folks at this place are very nice.  It is in a mall, but I'm a tourist in Las Vegas so it was nice to be treated well and not have to pay tons of money.
5	This salon is amazing. It's located in the Meadows Mall next to the food court (in place of where glamour shots use to be). I thought I'd NEVER find another place I'd like after my nail salon went out of business, but this is for sure thee spot. Living in Las Vegas it's hard to find any type of help and or customer service that seems genuine, but these employee's are top notch. They're friendly, fast and efficient. Many kudo's-- I'm definitely going back on a regular basis!
5	This place rocks! The staff is really great. They helped me pick out my nail design, did an impeccable job, and they were really friendly to boot! They truly made my day. :)
1	i waited LITERALLY for 3 hours for a fill/pedi..3 different people were working on me at the same time..a guy started my fill after about an hour of waiting then left me to go work on someone else without polishing me...a lady polished my nails while i was getting a pedi which was uncomfortable..i couldnt enjoy my pedi nor could i relax..there was a lady getting a gel pedi & was left under for too long because of how busy and short staffed the place was. so she paid & left & said she was calling the board..after causing a huge scene..she said her feet were burned..it was a horrific experience..i will not be returning ever..!!
1	I was visiting family in  Las Vegas & was at the mall with my husband and kids. We were at the food court & my husband told me to go get my nails done. This salon was right in the food court. I'll admit I don't get my nails done often & since my husband was taking the kids shopping I was excited for some me time. I was taken back that the person at the front was a young boy, several people asked his age and he didn't want to answer, one of the employee kept telling the boy what to say, but finally said 14. He not only answered phones but did part of the manicure which made me feel uncomfortable. I thought anyone doing nails needed to have some training or safety courses? The place was understaffed so after the young boy removed my polish and soaked my fingers. I had a long wait. The salon is small and there is not a relaxing place to sit and wait. There were other much younger kids of the workers? owners? running and playing in the salon. The 2 adult workers were overwhelmed. The female painted my nails and then the male came to finish. It is really a circus. I did not get a relaxing or professional job. I also felt bad for the kids who kept saying the wanted to go home. There was another upset customer waiting with me. She said the these are new salon owners so maybe the past good reviews are from the previous owner?
2	I'm writing this review as the pedicure going on. Heard good things about this place from the other mall employees, but was hesitant from reading all the other yelp reviews. I decided to give it a shot since my feet were looking a little sad. Came in during my lunch break and asked how long the wait was for a pedicure. The young man (maybe 15) said about 10 minutes. Ok fine. Went to get a smoothie in the mean time. They had the water ready for the pedi by the time I got back. Ok here's where it gets weird. The young man I mentioned earlier starts to take off the polish from my toes. A little weird, but I just thought he was just prepping them for the actual nail tech. Nope!! He then goes to the lady next to me and starts to give her a massage. Um, first, he's 15. I don't really want a 15 year old boy touching my legs.  Second, why start the pedi if the actual nail tech isn't ready yet. The actual pedicure was just ok. The bubbles were not turned on in the foot spa. I had black nail polish on before and then decided to go with French tip. All girls know that black nail polish is hard to take off. I noticed when I got home that there were still specks of black nail polish on the sides of my nail...mind you, visible through the French tip!!! He touched the nail polish a few times while he was painting. Seriously, I only had an hour for lunch so these mistakes added up. One star for the decent foot/leg rub. All this was done by the nail tech, not the 15 year old. They all were busy with clients. I understand they want to get to everyone so they can make their money, but what happened to quality of work?! Does that not exist anymore?? 2 stars for the massage and because they were nice people. I enjoy when they talk to me while getting a pedi. It takes away some of the awkwardness. Anyway I will not be returning to this place, even though it's a convenient location and is cheaper than my regular nail salon I frequent near my house. $30 for pedi with French tip...not a bad price. But I had to put another clear coat over when I got home.
4	The staff were friendly, nice and efficient. Place is clean, easy to find. I got a pedicure and gel manicure in one hour. I did not have to wait long since there were maybe only 3 other women in the salon at that time. I would certainly come back here if i need a quick mani/pedi.
1	We had our pedicures rushed and I ended up with some kind of chemical burn on my leg that couldn't be explained! She cut my big toe and couldn't understand why it was bleeding!! Maybe because YOU CUT ME!!?? By far it was one of the worst pedicures I have ever gotten :( I will never return.
3	Well I don't get my nails done here I have my own go to place but today they closed early so I took my mom here. I was a little worried because trying a new place is always scary. Well anyway my mother and I walk in and we ask how much for a mani/ pedi and the lady said $35 for both which is GREAT! So they sit my mom down the water is all ready and I notice the massage chair wasn't massaging so I ask her if it worked and she said it did and so then I had to ask her to please turn it on, that's not a big deal and from what I saw my moms pedi went well but Ive had better. So then I left and when I got back I told my mom that we needed to get going so she asked the lady if the mani would take long and she said no. So she starts the mani and she also starts talking to her coworker next to her! And I don't mean just talking like a small conversation I mean full on convo! The lady would stop doing my moms nails for periods of a time to talk to her coworker and the other lady had a customer too but she didn't stop like my moms manicurist! No, this lady was honestly acting very unprofessional having a conversation and stopping my moms manicure to talk to her coworker! Finally my mom said that we had to go and she said okay then don't worry about a top coat...? Umm she just layed on two coats of the color my mother chose and a glitter one with no top coat! Maybe it's just me but it would have been nice for her to not have talked so much and actually finish her job! I didn't like this place &; I'm not going back! The nails looked good but I would rather go to a more professional place.
4	tried them again because a co-worker recommended "evelyn" she wasn't working but hong did a GREAT job..!
5	I always get my nails done by Jazzi, she is AMAZING and so professional. She is the only person I will ever go to. The quality of her work is great and she takes the time to tend to her customers every need.
