4	This is the real deal - a little Italy in itself.  Dimly lit, checkered tablecloths, comfortable booths and Chianti bottles hanging from the ceiling.  Romantic, a popular Valentine's Day destination.  One of our favorite places in Champaign.  I love the chicken capperi - the wine sauce is incredibly delicious.  Nice service.  Save room for dessert.
3	An acceptable little Itali-American place. I give it four stars rather than five because a lot of their food is clearly not made "in-house." If it seems awfully familiar, it is likely it was shipped in from one of the many companies that supplies ready-made entrees. But it has a nice atmosphere and overall the food is satisfying, so I still recommend it for dates or family outings.
4	A good classic italian spot, but hardly anything special.  Prices are good, food's good.  Everything's good.  But nothing's great.  It's a great choice when you're in the mood for well-priced italian, though.
5	Go there for the pizza!  To be honest, the rest of the food is slightly better than mediocre, but the pizza is by far the best in town.  For reference, I grew up in the Chicagoland area.  I'm not a deep dish fan; I'm more fond of the Chicago style hand-tossed (medium crust).  Manzella's pizza is a little on the thinner side, but the crust is very good nonetheless.  I think it's more Chicago-like than Rosati's (and better too).  If you miss your hometown pizza, then this one will serve you well while away at school.
3	This is what I imagine the early Italian-American restaurants were like... Green can parmesan, Prego-like sauce, and supermarket quality dried pasta, enhanced by the decor of red-checker tablecloths and the chianti bottles. I ordered the linguine with white clam sauce. It was very brothy- notably lacking in garlic, or some kind of acid (lemon or white wine), and salt. All I want are fresh ingredients, toothsome pasta, and freshly-grated Parmigiano-Reggiano... For most people this will probably fit the bill, mediocre Americanized red-sauce Italian but if you are like me, and make your pesto, marinara, and Alfredo from scratch, this isn't worth a trip.
2	Ana's review is spot-on. There is nothing here that isn't done much better at other Italian places in town. Only the fact that this place is so cheap keeps it afloat. This is the Boyardee, (as opposed to the Boiardi) type of Italian food. Its Italian for people who pronounce it "Eye-talian", without a hint of irony and think of garlic and basil as ethnic spices.1 star for the food and campy decor, 1 star for the prices that make a step towards redeeming it.
4	I love Manzella's! My family and I have been coming here for years and usually celebrate my b-day here!  The vibe  inside is very cozy and old school- red pleather booths, wine bottles lining the walls, pictures of Italy, etc.  I really like how this is a family-run restaurant and they are always there working and attending to customers.  In addition, the prices are very reasonable and the staff is really friendly! 99.99% of the time, I order the cheese manicotti with meat sauce and it's huge- definitely large enough to share!   I usually  take at least 1/2 of it home for later.  The pizza is awesome too!Overall, this is a great place to take a date or for a family gathering and I love that it's been around for such a long time.  The food and service are great and consistent! :) PS:  For those cold, snowy nights, they also deliver!
1	Food was overpriced and not that great. Slow service wouldn't even refill my drink. Interior is dingy and the tables were sticky I would not recommend this place.
4	If you're looking for something a bit more upscale than Za's on campus and Biaggi's is out of your price range, Manzella's is the place to go. The portions are big but are slightly pricey. They have a small menu but their speciality is a "make your own" past dish. They also have a handful of baked pastas which I found to be good as well.
5	I loooooove this place! Very nice with a cute, homey, warm, dining room. Place has been around a very long time so don't expect it to be have an updated and elegant look. Always nice friendly service. Love the ranch salad dressing! Everything on the menu is yummy.  My boyfriend loves the Italian Beef sandwich and it comes with a large basket of warm crinkle cut fries that I help myself to.  I usually get the cheese filled ravioli and they are superb! Bread served with oil and parmesan cheese. They have a large dining room to the side for very large parties and celebrations. I have never had a bad meal or experience here. My boyfriend and I love it.
4	I think I've only actually set foot in this place one time, and as I recall, it's pretty cozy.Whenever I come back home and stay with my family, we always order delivery from here and it's consistently good. The pasta is pretty well made and the sauces are simple, but delicious and hearty.
3	Went here with my girlfriend. We both agreed it was good not great. Food is about what you'd expect from a central Illinois Italian restaurant. The atmosphere is a bit dark and dated, but the staff was very friendly.
2	I'd really say its about 2.5 stars. It wasn't horrible but it was definitely forgettable.The place smells dirty. Greasy old restaurant carpeting dirty. The decor is 70s kitschy, and that's okay. But the real reason I go out is for good food and to be served.I thought the prices were high for the food quality. $12.95 for spaghetti? Really?  The tomato gravy was okay. Thick and sweet. It would be good on pizza. But they don't use enough mozzarella in their various dishes, garlic seems largely absent, and the food was tepid. (I had the baked lasagna.)When we arrived it wasn't busy, but the service was sub par. Then the restaurant filled up and the service was non-existent. It's a pity too, because I love independent, non-chains and try to frequent those establishments. But frankly, next time, I'll go to the Olive Garden.
5	Amazing lasagna with terrific atmosphere.
3	My family has been coming here for years.  I remember having my Little League banquet here when I was 11 or 12.  Thinking back, it was kind of a dump then, and it is a dump now.  There are two dinning rooms, and an old carpet that looks like it is older than me.  They have those old Chianti bottles (the cheep kind) hanging from the ceiling.  Cheesy looking maps of Italy hung everywhere and mounted in the glass of the tables.  This place has not been updated since the 70's, and it shows.  Still surprisingly welcoming after all these years.The service is fast and friendly.  Though, considering not many people come here, I think they are just happy when a party walks in.  Food comes out quick as well.The food is that over stuffed cheese and sweet marinara sauce faux Italian that is found all over the country.  Manicotti is bland, except for the overly sweet sauce.  For an app we had fried ravioli.  Which was OK.  The pizza, again OK.  An overly garlicy crust.  Canned sardines, the pasta is probably not freshly made.  An average wine list, crap beer list.Saying all that, this place still has a special place in my heart.  Years of coming here as a kid and with family makes this worth the nostalgic visit every once is a while when I come back to visit the family.  Though I wish Dom's was still open...
3	Get the Italian beef sandwiches
4	This place is ahh mazing!! The boy Eddie that works there is so sweet and nice and cute. He washes the dishes but told me that he doesn't wash his hands so.. Only four stars.
3	Had lunch there on a rainy day. The light was dark so I did not enjoy eating there. The food was just so-so. No much choice on the menu. Don't know if they had another menu for dinner.
3	Restaurant hasn't changed in more than thirty years and is very dated. The food is generally good, and service is average.
2	Back in CU for the holidays....boy were we disappointed. Used to love thisplace..but really gone down in quality and service. Ordered the Antipasto, which I used to enjoy when Frank was there....I got a place of lettuce with a few packaged pepperoni and NO KALAMATA olives or any type of olive at all...no pepperchoni, ,,,9 dollars and change. Absolutely terrible. Pasta was cold...Service was slow with few customers...would not be surprised if this  place closed soon. If youthink this s the ld MANZELLA..forget it...not as good or even close to what it used to be!!!!!
