2	When this place opened, I took one look at the name - Brambles - and though 'quaint little tea shop'. Boy was i wrong, if you looked up the phrase 'never judge a book by its cover', there will be a picture of me mistaking Brambles for a quaint little tea shop.It's a greasy spoon, specialising in all things friend and artery clogging. YUM!Although it does things like baked potatoes and paninnis, these are very below average and frankly, if it wasnt for the fact they seemed the best thing on a particularly crappy menu, I wouldnt have given them a second glance.Not a great place.
3	Brambles Cafe is a relatively new addition to the cafe scene in the Newington area of Edinburgh and it is my new place to go to for food when I am hungover. The name 'Brambles' gives the impression that it is a quaint little tea room but it is anything but. They serve the usual lunch meals such as panini's, baguette's and baked potato's but these are all distinctly average. They also serve breakfasts which include a full English, but by far the best aspect of the Brambles menu is their fried foods section which appears to fry virtually everything - very Scottish!  I really adore their chips an fish, although they are extremely unhealthy. They have a few tables and chairs inside but it is quite small so it can get very cramped when its busy during the lunch time rush so I tend to get my food to takeaway.
3	I too was taken in by Brambles because of its wholesome name and Edwardian inspired font. Its exterior is brightly coloured and it stands out because it looks very cute.It's more a greasy spoon cafe than anything else, although it does serve up some panini's with various fillings. I would say that if you give up your first impression, the glorious acceptance that you are about to eat a lovely roll on sausage takes over. They're fry ups are good (like the others have said, if it's on the menu it's probably dipped in the ole' vegetable oil), and as it is very, very difficult to make a substandard fry, I was satisfied with my roll. They also do a mean cup of tea for cheap.If you let go of the fact it looks like it's meant to be in Bruntsfield, it's a very respectable greasy spoon indeed. The staff are efficient, the space inside is nice and it would get the seal of approval from my maw, so that's alright with me!
