5	Great food, good service, good prices.  This is a nice small restaurant that's not too fancy but has really great food.  According to the website there is also one in Lawrenceville.  We tried the Green Curry, Pad Thai and Crab Rolls.  We found the Pad Thai to be a bit too sweet, but otherwise very good.  They have all of the standard Thai dishes, and also some Phillipino food.  There was also a menu of monthly specials with some great looking dishes.  BYOB.
3	More like 3.5. I'm not crazy about the food here, but I love the location, the service and the feel of the place.They have white table linens and dim lighting and nice tableware, but it's more cozy than fancy. On a snowy night, this was a great place to meet for dinner. You can also check local ads for coupons.I think maybe I found this style of Thai too rich - but both atmosphere and food are much nicer than Bangkok Balcony on Forbes. As far as Pittsburgh goes, this Thai is second only to Liberty Ave. And I love the squash curry, but then I love anyone's squash curry. We mostly ate from the Thai menu, but they have a Filipino menu too. BYOB. This is actually the second Sweet Basil, the original is in the Lawrenceville neighborhood of Pittsburgh; that's the one with the outdoor patio.
3	Pros: - No wait for a table at 7:00 on a Friday- Waitress was friendly- Prices were good- The pumpkin curry was delicious and the portion was big enough to have plenty leftover for lunch today.  I ordered a spice level of 6-7 and thought it was spot-on.  (My friend asked for zero spice and thought hers was too spicy.)- The presentation of the spring rolls tied up with a bow was adorable.Cons:- No hostess table, so we kind of hovered awkwardly until someone noticed us- There were a number of bugs on the walls.  I'll chalk it up to the cool evening and I'm not blaming the restaurant but it was a little off-putting.Overall pretty good, and close to my apartment so I will probably be back.  There are a number of dishes on the menu that look good (I'm really curious about the banana blossom dish in particular).  Other than the bug thing, which may not have been their fault, it was a pretty good dinner.
2	Eh. I was so excited to try this restaurant that I gathered 5 other co-workers (including 1.5 Filipinos - one person is half) for dinner one Tuesday evening. Unfortunately, I was hyped up for no reason. One caveat - I went to Sweet Basil to try their Filipino menu, so I did not try anything on their Thai menu. Me and 3 other people ordered the Taste of La Filipiniana entree, which includes a soup, rice, chicken adobo, beef caldereta, shrimp curry, and a dessert for $14.95. Not a bad deal... if it tasted good. The main complaint across the table was that the sauces were way too peppery, which the cuisine experts at the table said is completely unlike authentic Filipino food that favors blander flavors. Boo #1. For me, the meat - both the chicken and the beef - were waaaaay too overcooked like they were sitting in a crock pot for a week before making its way on to my plate. Boo #2. The last thing is always something I look for when I want to give a restaurant some props for service - my water was not refilled regularly. Boo #3. That's enough boos to take off 3 stars on my yelp review.The only things I did taste and enjoy were - the Asian Pumpkin Shrimp Curry on the Monthly Special menu, my Sticky Rice with Thai Custard dessert, and the Cassava Cake dessert. But, it wasn't enough to make me go back for more...
3	Like the other reviewers, I really enjoyed the Asian pumpkin curry (requested mine with tofu instead of shrimp) and thought that the spice level I asked for (a 5) was just right.  Another person in my group ordered the Taste of Filipiniana, and had similar complaints about the meat being overcooked as Angela mentioned.  The third person in the group liked the tilapia special--the fish was nicely fried, but there was way too much sauce on the plate.I thought it was cool that some of the drinks here were ones I've never seen before.  We ordered a tamarind juice and the chrysanthemum iced tea.  The tamarind juice could have been more tangy and less sweet, and the chrysanthemum iced tea could have been a touch less sweet as well.  The entree portions were generous.  In comparison, the cassava cake we shared as a dessert seemed small, but it's just as well, since we really just wanted a little something.The service was friendly.  I might come back to try some of the other curries, since I liked the pumpkin curry.  Also, it doesn't hurt that the restaurant seems to always have a coupon in the Clipper magazine.  But if I didn't live in the neighborhood, I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
2	I was excited to see a Filipino restaurant in Squirrel Hill, but the food was only okay to me. Still the option of eating Filipino food here is great :)
5	I discovered Sweet Basil while trying to find a good vegetarian-friendly restaurant to take some out of town friends that were visiting for the weekend, and we couldn't have been more pleasantly surprised. This was all-around one of the best dining experiences I've had in the city!We started out with the Thai samosa and Curry Puffs. Each were flavorful, delicious, and fresh.I had the Cashew chicken with a spice level of 5 - it was absolutely perfect! A wonderfully-sized portion (that actually lasted for two more meals), complete with plenty of veggies and meat in the dish. My dining partner had the Pineapple Pork Fried Rice, which was quite tasty. So much food with so much flavor for the money. We had no issues with over- or undercooked meat.Our vegetarian guests shared a couple of veggie and tofu dishes and were very pleased with their meals. They dine frequently in New York City and said that Sweet Basil was still quite impressive to them!Our service was wonderful, we had no wait on a Saturday evening (around 5:30) - with no reservation, and the BYOB corkage fee was so reasonable!We are already plotting our second (and third, and fourth...) visit to Sweet Basil, mouths watering as we speak.
3	The food is delicious but the atmosphere is strange. Jb and I went for a late dinner, there was one other table seated, no music playing in the background, both tables were whispering as not to intrude on the others conversation, so yeah - it was awkward.Next time, we order take out.
