4	Fourteen-seat hole in the wall specializing in Michoacan-style birria de res and other beef-centric soups and stews. Decent assortment of taco, torta, burro, and quesdadilla options, as well as breakfast items. Phone-in orders and credit cards accepted.The birria is rich with chile flavor, but not with chile heat--it benefits from doctoring with hot sauce (a bottle is supplied with every dine-in order), salt, and dried Mexican oregano (available on each table, along with dried chiltepines).
5	Had a plate of tacos, Al pastor and Carne Asada.  The tortillas were fresh and tasty, and the meat was flavorful and juicy.  A great buy at 1.25 each.  Must not be missed!
4	Four ate lunch, two combination plates, a taco plate and burrito a la carte, plus two soft drinks.  Enough English spoken to get the orders right.  $20.00.  Delicious food.  Two four star ratings, two five star ratings.  Ample portions, well prepared, simple little restaurant, country food.  I'm going back.
3	We were excited, we were brave we were less than thrilled.The burritos were a bit too greasy, the fried fish was mediocre, but people did enjoy the tacos. The hot sauce is the one redeeming quality here, it is hot. Otherwise not a big fan. Also very few veg options. If you like telenovellas they are going strong with the TV on the well.
3	STICK TO THE TACOS!  I can't give better advice than this.  If you like walking into a sketchy neighborhood for lunch just to prove your manhood, this could be your place. The style of cuisine is stew based, so the use of the meats in anything other than a taco proved to be a greasy mess.  I ventured into both taco and burrito county, the tacos were rich and tasty, the burrito fell apart under the stress of the grease.But as for the meats themselves, they were done perfectly for Michoacan style. Rich flavors pushing through letting your know that time and effort was put in to make this good.  Pleasant enough atmosphere that I wouldn't stop my lunch crew from diving into the hole in the wall again.
