4	Located on Wilkinson near the 485 entrance. Don't be scared, the people who appear to run this place seem to be friendly folks and the inside is an inviting little shop decorated with assorted toys/collectibles. They serve Tonys ice cream and they seem to have very reasonable prices.They don't serve much other than ice cream, but i believe they have all you would want from an ice cream shop. i typically stick with two scoops of chocolate ice cream, maybe add some hot fudge.  Like i said, it's Tony's ice cream without the drive out to Gastonia. It really is good stuff.Forgot to mention, they serve their ice cream in cheap styrofoam cups, but i'm okay with that. i'm less okay with the fact they are cash only, luckily it's not much cash.
5	Mmmmmm....  Shake Shack....  I'm beginning to appreciate this place more and more as I continue to strike out at other ice cream and dessert shops.  This place is wonderful!  As previously stated by Sam P, they serve Tony's ice cream which is made on-site at Tony's Ice Cream Company in Gastonia.  The ice cream has a wonderfully rich, fresh flavor without all the extra candy, cookies, and additional add-ins that comes standard in most other ice cream places.  They do have flavors like cookies and cream and chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream that has some of those add-ins, but they make it the right way where the add-in pieces supplement the ice cream flavor, not the other way around.  Just like Tony's Ice Cream in Gastonia, their specialty (which is pretty obvious by their name) is milkshakes.  If you plan on trying a milkshake, I would recommend not eating before you go because these things are like a full meal.  I'm not sure how many scoops of ice cream goes in these things, but they're served in a huge over-sized styrofoam cup.  The best part of these milkshakes is they are topped off with a giant extra scoop of whatever ice cream was used to make it.  I usually shy away from milkshakes because I enjoy scooping up thick full bites of ice cream with a spoon, but these milkshakes are the best of both worlds!  First I get to stuff my face with a gi-normous mound of ice cream, then I get to sip the rest of the delicious shake down with a straw.  It's like heaven!  And one of the best parts about the Shake Shack is the price.  Their shakes are probably the most expensive items on the menu at around $4 (which is still not bad for the amount you get), but scoops of ice cream in a cup are very reasonably priced.  Much cheaper than any chain place you'll go to.  The location is out of the way for most QC folk, but if you ever find yourself at Wilkinson and 485, it's worth a stop.  Just remember to bring cash.
4	two loaded dogs, chocolate/peanut butter ice cream, mint choc chip ice cream and two little vanilla scoops for my two dogs ($1) .  The gentleman working behind the counter was really nice.  I wish I had known this place existed before.  I will be back for sure!!!The prices are really good to and I like the fact that you would be supporting a local store.  Please try it out, located right off 485 and Wilkinson.  Go, nuff said!Cash only....
5	Seriously!  A HUGE, delicious brownie sundae at such a great price!  Looking at the selection and prices gets even better once you realize the sign says the tax is already included!  The shack is also full of fun, cool toys.  It was nice finding this little hole in the wall on a random excursion during a business trip.
