5	Ya, it's that good! I don't really know how healthy it is, especially after adding "toppings" to the stuff, but who cares. The best!
5	Staff very friendly and helpful greeting me as I came through the door and answering all my questions.Yogurt tasty and have a lot of great toppings selection.
5	Overwhemlingly yummy! Lots of options and a friendly staff, one thing makes this location stand out among other Yogurtologies (spell check that one) and all of the similare Frozen Yogurt places that have sprung up everywhere!The Spot- tucked away next to a Safeway :( I have driven by it a thousand times and had no idea it was there! So get out there and show yourself !!Patio seating is very nice and there is alot of it!Hired Help- The young lady who helped me was very friendly and as they do happy to help you with samples and an explaining how it all works out! Standard.Frozen fun- I mixed peach and tart and it was great however I was bummed I wanted mango but however it was not frozen which was a bummer. They had several holiday flavors still available.Red Velvet cake is nice to see as a staple flavor.Sprinkles(not cupcakes here folks!)- they do have all the standard candy, FRESH POMAGRANTE SEEDS!!!!! I spoke with the young lady and ask if they sit there and pick every single one out and she started laughing and said yeah with a chuckle:) but i could help but cover my food! it was amazing!I be back a hundred more time. maybe just for the seeds!!
5	This place is really yummy! I have always liked all of the yogurt I've tried there. Everything is fresh and really does taste like the flavor they are re-creating. All of the staff has always been very friendly and helpful as well. I find myself craving Yogurtology multiple times a week!
5	Where else can  you get yogurt with BAKLAVA as a topping option?This Yogurtology is super clean and very bright.  The young staff are very well spoken, friendly and helpful.  The flavors change regularly, and the toppings bar is the best in town.  They also have hot caramel, hot fudge and WHIPPED CREAM if you ask!I come here with the kids about once a week~ it's a favorite location for yogurt.
5	I tried Yogurtlogy as part of a gluten free foodies tour (#gffoodietour) and this may have been my favorite stop on the tour! I love froyo and this store did not disappoint! I sampled every gluten free flavor they had and found the chocolate/banana combo to be my fave.The owners of this location are becoming more aware of the needs of the gluten free community and have separated their toppings that don't contain gluten ingredients from those nasty gluten-y ones! Score! Makes it way easier to choose toppings and then I don't have to worry about someone accidentally dumping Oreo cookies into my sprinkles. :)The owners are really the nicest and asked a lot of great questions about Celiac and the gluten free lifestyle so that they accommodate more customers that need gluten free options.
4	I had a craving for ice cream last night.  Culver's in particular, but it was just too far away and it was late-ish.So as my husband continued to say no to my requests for frozen custard and I was thinking about getting myself there but also thinking about how long it would take, I came up with a solution.Fro Yo!So we did a search.  And we found Yogurtology.  And now we will live happily ever after.(I especially love that they list the ingredients on the screens above the flavors.  I was careful to avoid caffeine that late at night)
4	Self serve yogurt shops are a dime a dozen nowadays so it's tough to stand out and become the chosen "go to" spot for the yogurt fix but the truth is that Yogurtology has done just that. My fiance and I were barely out the door with our fun-filled cups of dessert before we startd proclaiming that we "like this place" and "will be coming back for sure."Let me back up. The fiance and I walked into this Yogurtology and our first thought was "oh, you fancy huh?" because this place is spotless, laid out perfectly and the flavors are each displayed in their own little LCD screens. See? Fancy, right? So after the excitement of oohing and ahhing at the way the place LOOKED we proceeded to ooh and ahh about the variety of flavors they had available. More oohing and ahhing a few minutes later when we approached the Toys' R Us- like topping bar which was stocked with every possible treat you could imagine - including dispensers of hot fudge and hot caramel.My fiance tried the cake batter flavor after getting a free sample and loving it. I went with the Red Velvet and generously topped it with mochi (my topping of choice) which was perfect here. For some reason, some places that carry mochi topping end up with really hard mochi when it's supposed to be soft and gummy. But back to the matter at hand....we thoroughly enjoyed our yogurt if you can't tell. Service is excellent. The staff are pretty young but they are so nice and so helpful. This definitely added to our feeling of wanting to come back and show some loyalty. Great, now that I've recounted how delicious and exciting everything was I am soooo craving another sweet treat now. Guess I'm headed to Yogurtology!
2	This place is such a rip off! My boyfriend and I got to the register with 2 smallish yogurts and I did a double take at the $9 price! I was so annoyed by it that I made him go back inside and ask how much it costs per ounce. 45 cents!! I'm from LA and the Yogurtland there is 30 cents and equally if not more delicious.The yogurt here was ok though. I liked the oatmeal cookie flavor, but the cheesecake tasted weird and like milk. There were lots of toppings including an interesting mango popping boba which seemed vaguely molecular gastronomy-ish. I'm not coming back because froyo just should not cost 45 cents/ounce. AND you have to ask for samples, instead of just getting them yourself!! UGH!
4	Love their flavors, especially oatmeal cookie. They also have a lot of fun toppings like full kit-kat bars, nutella, frosting, cinnamon, or these yummy dark chocolate sugar free 'polar caps'. But like other yelpers mentioned, it's more expensive than other froyo places. Luckily they send out BOGO half off coupons every few weeks, so I usually will only go if I have one of those in hand.
4	I happened upon this while running into Safeway (it's right in the Safeway plaza) and went in for a post-lunch treat.  I've recently given up eating animal products (hello veganism) and was SO excited to see they had several dairy-free yogurts.  Everything is EXTREMELY clean and well kept, and the girl working was super nice and-when I rejoiced over the dairy free options-inquired whether or not I had a dairy allergy.  I explained to her that I don't, but I choose not to eat animal products and she was extremely interested in the "why" behind my choices.  She was very informative about the topping options, etc...The only reason this place doesn't have 5 stars from me is the price.  I paid almost $5 for a small cup.  Otherwise, I love it!
5	With 4 kids always clamoring for dessert, take my word for it when I say we've sampled just about every yogurt place in the Scottsdale area.Our family verdict is unanimous: Yogurtology is the best! Best flavors, best quality, best consistency, etc. etc.  (BTW, it's not often that you get our 4 kids to agree on ANYTHING)We event went "Scottsdale" and brought our dog this last time to sample their doggie yogurt.  She never looked up until it was gone.  And, much to our delight, she had no issues afterwards (don't want to get too graphic, but I think you all probably know what can happen when you give a dog something that doesn't agree with his/her system : )The Oatmeal Cookie flavor rocks! Get some raisins from one of the granola canisters to complete the recipe.
3	Yogurt was really good, especially the tart flavor.  Person at the front counter didn't know how to take my groupon though, so dropped from a 4 star to a 3 star.
4	Self-serve frozen yogurt seems to be this new crave that is all over the valley. Some places do it extremely well, and others are just plain mediocre, and soemtimes bad.Lots of unique flavors here, however, my fiancee was a little upset that there was no red velvet. I just discovered moshi, and it is quite possibly the most amazing thing ever. Moshi is kind of like marshmallows, but as someone who only eats kosher I try to avoid eating marshmallows from outside. Moshi is an excellent substitute, and it really goes well with ANY yogurt flavor.The one thing I have to comment on is the strawberries here which were very, very ripe. Most other places seem to just throw any kind of strawberries into their yogurt line, but Yogurtology happened to have some really good calories.Its a super clean store, and the decorations are definitely very unique. The only thing that keeps me from giving Yogurtology a 5-star is the price, at 45 cents an ounce its slightly more than the Yogurtland I'm used to near ASU campus.
5	Me and my girlfriend LOVE frozen yogurt. This is by far one of our favorites in Scottsdale, we have a Mesa favorite (yogurt ranch) and a scottsdale favorite (here). We bring the dog (Lola) here and she loves playing and sitting outside with all the patrons. Most other patrons bring their dogs too to hang out and its a fun free for all out there. Sometimes they even have DOG YOGURT for Lola too. The past few times we have gone there hasn't been any, but we are TOLD the Vanilla yogurt is just as good. I still havent given it to her just because I am a bit hesitant, but plenty of dog owners there get that flavor for their dog. They still keep coming back!Let me talk about the flavors here. YUM. The oatmeal cookie is to die for, as is the butterfinger. Not all flavors are gluten free or dairy free, but they do have that option. My girlfriend wasn't eating sugar for a while and all are sweetened with sugar-real or artificial, just in case you are wondering. I was the only one eating here of the two of us for a while. Now she's back to normal and we come here often haha. Other flavors to try are Salted Caramel, and the new Basil Lime flavor. it tastes like cocktail, pretty good and refreshing. The chocolate is just ehh, I'd probably get the more 'fun' flavors instead, nothing special about this place. NOW the make or break of a yogurt place the TOPPINGGGS! The toppings are awesome here, they have full size nutter butters, swiss rolls, fresh baked brownies, the boba that pop in your mouth (in three flavors strawberry, passion fruit, and one other - sorry cant remember), and even girl scout cookies (thin mints on occasion). I love that these toppings are always fresh and cut nicely. The fruit does not seemed canned as far as pineapple,  blueberries, strawberries etc. It is not mushy and old they keep replenishing and keep it all really clean. I even saw them use a handheld vacuum with a small nozzle to vacuum up crumbs in between the toppings. Whoa. thanks guys. They also have fun size snickers bars, full twix sticks, reeses cups the usual, but these things are big. They take full heath bars and cut it up (which I wish were smaller) but anyway all the toppings you could ask for!A personal favorite of mine is the chocolate with the peanut butter sauce (i didn't recommend the chocolate but if you want something simple, this is a good one that I get when Im not trying to get fancy). They also have a 'punch card' so you can give them your last name or what not and they will rack up the points for you. Another bonus!Great place for yogurt on a weeknight or weekend evening. Always nice people hanging out eating yogurt, great place to bring the pup, and good for families!See you there!
3	they have TWO flavors of juice poppers!! HOORAY FOR JUICE POPPERS!! The only reason why they lost stars from me is because their varieties of flavors suck.
4	Excellent flavor selection (including some unqiue finds like Oatmeal Cookie, cupcake batter, and strawberry lemonade.  Also a wide selection of quality toppings (fruit appeared fresh, not frozen).  The place was immaculate, and the primary yogurt attendant was polite and helpful (offering free samples, as well as descriptions of the flavors).  My only complaint about the place was that a bevy of on- and off-duty employees (teen girls) were creating quite a bit of noise near the customer seating area, and their somewhat mean-spirited conversation was a real bummer.  Mean girls live....
5	Frozen yogurt seems to be a necessity when temperatures hover in the triple-digits, and after finding Yogurtology, our family has become loyal fans. Delicious flavors that taste natural, fresh toppings, clean and welcoming stores, and friendly staff make for a superb experience every time.Be sure to join their loyalty club if you plan to become a Yogurtology-head.
5	Excellent! Delicious flavors including no sugar added options! Great toppings!
5	Yogurtology is the best hot spot for yogurt in Scottsdale. Flan is one of my favorite flavors or even just tart! Once you try it you will be hooked! Friendly staff now knows me by name. I dream about yogurtology and when I wake up I go get it!
4	Nice little yogurt shop in my neighborhood. Refreshing yogurt with lots of different flavors to choose from. I had the oatmeal, chocolate, and berry flavors. They have so many toppings to choose from. It's great. Very clean, welcoming and relaxing environment to eat and talk. Love coming here.
4	Whoever came up with the idea of pay by the oz. yogurt bars is an evil genius. I mean give the customer a one-size-fits-all cup the size of a bucket so that even if they only half fill it up it is going to cost $6! And then put cheap, but really heavy items as toppings and charge $0.45/oz. Do people know they are paying $7.20 a pound for gummy bears? With that said, Yogurtology has quite good frozen yogurt.  Unlike many of its competitors its yogurt is not icy and watery but is actually quite creamy and rich. Their in-house mixed flavors: oatmeal cookie and graham cracker, are unique and oh so good. They had between 50-60 toppings to choose from as well.Unlike some other yogurt joints that allow self administrated sampling, Yogurtology requires that an employee fill the little paper cups for you which definitely makes it awkward to then try more than one or two samples. Choose wisely!
4	I love going here for business meetings and it is the perfect place. The environment of the restaurant is always pretty good. The last time I went in, I got really good customer service from an employee named Victoria.
