1	I had a tremendously negative experience with hardys pool care. My pool was half drained due to a malfunction of my salt system. Water was drained , so that new water could be added. I decided since pool was half empty, this would be the ideal time to have the pool acid washed. My regular company did not have openings for a month, so I turned to the Internet and found hardy's.  The owner stated he could come the next am. I told him I was working but could pay my neighbor to stay and open gate ect. He stated he would be there btwn 830-9. At 11, nobody had appeared. I called 5 x, left vm 2x. No response. So... I hady neighbor call and say he needed an acid wash... Amazingly the phone was answered at hardy's. When my neighbor explained the actual situation. The owner stayed he wpuld call me. He did not per my phone log. I finally reached him, he said he was at the wrong address and agreed to come the next day, making little apology or offer to reimburse me for my efforts. The next day he came and acid washed pool w my neighbor supervising. The tile looks great, the pool looks terrible, very streaky. He also did not add the 5 bags of salt he promised. I paid an extra $50 for this. He claims I never told him it was a salt system ( a lie). I have asked him many times to rectify the situation. He has not responded. I highly regret doing business with this company.
1	After a weekend storm, my pool was in bad shape.  Instead of trying to deal with it myself I decided to call a pool service.  I tried several but all were booked till the next week.  I then called Hardy's Pool Care and the guy on the phone told me he could have someone out the next day.  I was relieved.  I had to work so I left the back gate unlocked and left a check for the agreed amount on my backyard table.  I came home that day and nothing was done.  It was late in the afternoon but I tried to call them anyway.  No answer.  I thought maybe I got the days mixed up (though I know I heard him say "Tomorrow"), I left the gate unlocked again and left the check on the table.  Came home the next day and again, nothing.  I can't believe a business would be so blatantly rude.  They never even called to apologize for not showing up,  I could be a little forgiving if they even made that effort.  When I had the guy on the phone, he even said to me, "Please remember us if you need regular pool service."  Yeah, right.
1	I had been using Hardy's Pool Care to service my pool since April of 2014.  On 9/1/2014 I notified the owner via email that September would be my last month of service for the winter and that I would notify them when I wanted to re-start the service in spring.  Please note that I had pre-paid for the month of September as required by the business.  They completed service for the weeks of 9/1, 9/8 and 9/15.  On 9/24, I called them because they had not completed my service on 9/23 as scheduled. The owner apologized and said he was running a bit behind but that he would service the pool that day which has happened before and that's cool as long as I'm notified which I never was unless I called them. At any rate, he didn't show up as promised.  On 9/25, I called him and left a message and he did not return my call; I tried twice on 9/25 to reach him. On 9/26, I called him and left a message for him to call me back never heard back from him.  So, I've now filed a complaint with the BBB in hopes that I can get a refund for the remaining 2 services.It's a shame that they decided to treat me this way because they did a good job for the most part.  Now, I'll never use them again.  I'll find a more reliable service.
