5	I saw this show in previews a few months back and am wanting to see it now that it has been running for a few months.Luke puts on a great show, there were a few kinks in the show when I saw it, but the ticket was cheap and the show was worth every penny.In a town full of generic shows it's nice to see something different, and the feat at the end is amazing!!!Also if you follow Luke on twitter @LukeJermay  he occasionally tweets out phrases to say at the Box Office to get free tickets to the show.
4	Very entertaining.  Not the best show, but entertaining none the least.  Luke has great audience participation.
1	I went to see this show because the youtube videos looked good. After getting to the tiny showroom at O'Sheas, we were instructed to sit down at tables and write on "permission slips" our full names, dates of birth, and a personal story (at least on my card) about someone who "broke your heart." Although the grammar was funky about it somehow...but that's besides the point. I thought it was weird that I was going to a mind reading show but I was writing down all of these personal details. And it's in Vegas, where there are cameras everywhere!So right away I figured the details from those cards would be coming into play. And I was right.When the show started, the song "Are you ready for a miracle" began to play. Have you ever seen "Leap of Faith?" That song opened the show in that movie, and getting the information for the cold reads in the movie was done by surveillance equipment.Luke then went on to tell people their astrological signs and dates of birth, and later asked people with certain initials to stand up. He would then pick out details so specific (and written on the cards) that it just wasn't believable at all. And all of the information he "read" was on the cards. I talked to few of the audience members who were "read" and they admitted that they had written down the detail he mentioned in the show.At the end he did a routine where he gets people to sit in a chair and pick a number which then corresponds to a color. That was a pretty good routine and I couldn't figure it out.The rest of the show? Rubbish. I have to say, though, the man has a great memory. To remember all of those details is tough. Of course, there were only 15 people in attendance. Save yourself the $29 for the ticket. Go see Penn & Teller if you really want some good stuff you can't figure out.
5	This show has closed, I really liked it, sadly he didn't really fit into the O'shea's motif. Theater is now hosting Dirk Atrhur's Wild Magic...Loins and Tigers in that small theater should be interesting.I tried updating the info to show closed but for some reason it's not changing
