1	Went to one of their recent warehouse sales. No prices on anything. We were told to make an offer because they really, really wanted to get rid of it all.   My friend handed  Penny the money   for an item and she said  she couldn't sell it because it didn't have all its parts.  Well, my friend didn't  need the extra parts.  If what he offered wasn't enough, why didn't she just say so? She didn't attempt to help find them.    Just took it away. What followed was  an awkward pregnant pause and we simply left.     On the way out my friend saw that she put the item  in a box marked with her name on it. Was she keeping the items for herself or her shop and not giving anything to the customers for whom she was conducting the sale? Something's rotten in Denmark..... or Charlotte. I would never go back to the store or one of their sales.  I hate dishonesty and deceit.
5	Bellinger's is a great place to shop and Penny provides EXCELLENT service.  I have worked with Penny for the past 2 years and I can only say great things about her store and services.  Penny and her entire staff are very hard working and honest.  I would recommend her services highly.  Thank you Penny for all the times that you have helped us!
1	This place is bad. Been to a few estate sales and they a worse. She is very disrespectful and nothing at estate sales is marked. She makes up the prices on the fly and 99% of the time those prices are high. Definatly try and stay away!!!
3	Almost a year to the day that I moved and my account is closed. Penny and the team were very nice and did a great job clearing out my place before my fast move from Charlotte to NYC. I'm writing the review to provide a little insight so that others might benefit from my experience. Set expectations low on what you think you will actually earn. Penny and team keep a good percentage because they do all the work. Furniture and electronics have terrible resale value so keep in mind that your cut will likely be way under what you expected. If you are looking for a convenient way to clear out quickly and put the team to work, go into it knowing that it will cost you. If you have the luxury of employing Craigslist or a yard sale, I would recommend going that route 1st and then using this talented team to liquidate anything leftover. I don't regret my decision to use Bellinger but I do think others should utilize a service like this with the right expectations
1	These people never seem to call you back no matter how many messages you leave. They also tell people different prices on items and will sell to the highest bidder even if the item was already sold.
