5	This is a dope hotel that's nice and clean. I walked into the lobby full of children and a teenage party in a banquet hall. Front desk service was impeccable. Once I arrived at my room, it was quiet and very comfortable. My room had to be accessed by going through one keycard door that gave access to my guest room and one other guest room. Great security feature.
4	My husband and I stayed here for one night during a trip to Montreal. We got in quite late and didn't want to have to travel all the way downtown before getting to the hotel. This hotel is right next to the airport and offers a convenient airport shuttle. The room was fairly standard but well appointed, clean and comfortable. We had a king bed (which was harder to find, later on our trip in Montreal), flat screen tv, nice shower/tub combo, and free internet access..We didn't have any trouble with noise, even though it's right next to the airport. The night we stayed the city was experiencing some water pollution issues so we couldn't drink the water but the front desk had bottled water on hand and ready. The breakfast buffet was sufficient, with enough selection to please me and my husband. The staff is multilingual and quite friendly and accomodating. All in all a good stay - we'd stay here again.
4	solid hotel, decent value
5	I stay here when on business trips near the Montreal airport. As noted by others, a solid value for a Fairfield Inn. The excellent and friendly staff are a key attribute of this property.
5	Very nice hotel, large room, decent breakfast, very clean, nice and helpful staff.  Overall a good experience.  My only suggestion to the hotel is to try to get the shuttle to the airport to be a little more predictable.  Sometimes it was more frequent while other times it was late.
4	OK, so Montreal has a lot of "airport" hotels. The thing is...most are located 10 minutes from the airport. I mean really...at some point you need to avoid calling it an airport hotel, even if you have an airport shuttle. Fairfield, on the other hand, is actually very close. It's not quite the Marriott located AT the airport (which is lovely, but they charge for it), but it's only a couple of minutes away by car or shuttle, at around half the cost of the Marriott located above the US terminal.Check-in was speedy and friendly. I ended up with a handicap room, so it had some extra space and was huge. It was the size of a suite, but without the sofa and other things a suite has. I also ended up with a great view of the planes departing off of Runway 24L. Free WiFi was really quite slow and not great...but it was free nonetheless. Noise wise, it's not bad. I was on the end near the train tracks, so I could hear that, but it never woke me up by any means. Neither did the planes. Breakfast was okay, but was the same thing both mornings - eggs, bacon, breads, juices. At night, the restaurant/bar area seemed quite busy. I had a drink from their decent selection, but nothing to eat. However, lots of people around me seemed to enjoy their food and it looked good. Both meal times seemed to come with great service. I didn't see the pool of the exercise room. Parking was $12/day. Really a very nice hotel, and whenever the Marriott is too expensive, I'll take the Fairfield no problem.
5	We have had many occasions to stay here during visits to Montreal.  Always a very accommodating experience.  The facility is quite new and up to date with regards to furnishing HVAC and television.  It's decently soundproofed from the inevitable noise associated with being located next to 6 railway lines (that are busy - 24/7/365) and an international airport that makes it's own brand of noise.The service at the front desk is exceptional, and housekeeping is prompt, polite and excellent.  Very reasonable price and generous room size.  Decent internet (dependable) at no charge and the free breakfast is adequate and nighttime dining appears to be fine, but I've not personally experienced.I would recommend you ask for an odd numbered room (faces away from the railway lines), as it will be quieter.  $12/day for parking your car, so also keep that in mind.Shuttle service from the airport was dependable and ran on time.  No complaints.Would recommend.
