5	This is the best coffee shop in the east valley, hands down. We come in every Sunday for breakfast and love the food, the atmosphere and the people. You have to check it out and support local businesses! Forget Starbucks, they're the Walmart of coffee...
5	I love that this place is not a a large chain that destroys family run locally owned businesses. It is the opposite. It is a locally run family owned place and I love it. It's about time Mesa had more of these and less Starbucks taking over the place. The service is always wonderful. The prices are excellent. Plus they have student discounts! They have fair trade and organic products. The place just has a chill vibe to it and is perfect for relaxing or at least in my case lounging on the couch for a couple of minutes while I wait to grab a mocha to go. TRY the MOCHA Frapp! It is one of the best I have had in my life. The only sad thing is that it closes at 2pm. Luckily I get my dose in the morning.
5	The service is excellent and they have a wide variety of unique drink options. They also have cold brew coffee unlike Starbucks which is the only other coffee option in the area.
4	Pleasant little coffee shop and cafe in East Mesa. Comfortable feel and wide open space. There was what looked like a book club meeting when I was there and they were able to combine lots of tables to get the space they needed.I had a breakfast wrap with Egg and Sausage. Very taste in a wheat tortilla. They had a really good homemade hot sauce too which had a great little kick.They had a really big menu too which was a little hard to read on the wall, but they have it in a flyer form which was better.I'll be back.
5	It's a two-fer!  Delicious & local!!  Definitely check this place out.  I go just about every Sunday and want to see more people in there.  They've got great coffee, breakfast sammies and awesome music. A great place to hang out and enjoy the good vibes.  Love it! Go here, now!
5	BEST coffee house in house in Mesa.  Ethiopian blend great.  Organic wraps good. Friendly owner and staff.  Ty I will have another cup o coffee.
5	Great mom and pop store, not a chain.  Friendly staff, good food, organic, fresh, what more could you want?  Free wi-fi?  Got it.  Clean bathroom?  Got it.  Ample parking?  Got it.I've had the bagels, breakfast sandwiches, hummus, wraps, homemade scones, all good.  Lunch items like wraps and salads available to order or out of the grab-and-go refrigerator. About the same price as Starbucks without the guilt of patronizing another corporate giant.
5	Tasty fair trade organic coffee and breakfast and lunch.Even have almond milk! Excellent choices.Super nice people.Comfortable space.Let's help support these independent shops who exude caring, quality and individuality to thrive in our community!
5	Love the coffee. Love the people. Love the food. My favorite coffee shop, and trust me, I've been to A LOT of coffee shops.
4	What a cute little Arizona coffee shop. I loved the Northwest feel of the place but the country music in the background made it truly Arizona. Took a friend here because it was the closest decent coffee place close to her house. This place was a great find. I had the multigrain waffles with a coffee and she had an egg sandwich with mocha. We both enjoyed our food. The waffles were hearty and the coffee had good flavor (aka not burnt like starbucks). We also used the yelp deal which made our meal extremely affordable. But even without the coupon, things are decently priced. The owner seemed like a nice guy.
5	Amazing chill service, smooth coffee, love the iced toddy. Their coffee leaves no gross residue in my mouth like Starbucks. I love it! I highly recommend you try them.
