5	Awesome service, and really great prices.We just bought our first house, and knew that we needed wires run, and other odds and ends done.  They came over, crawled around our crawl space... hung our chandelier.... and POOF!  Now our house is all electrizied!A friend referred us to Good Guys, and they really knew their stuff.  Loved them.
5	Recently bought a house and had issues with the speed and interference with the very many wifi networks around me.I decided to go wired so after I did a lot of research on how to get a wire from my second floor to first floor for the entertainment center. I bought a lot of tools from Fry's electronics and then after I started actually looking at what I had to do, I realized it would not be something I can do myself.I called good guys electric and they came over and ran a couple of wires using CAT6 instead of the CAT5 I would have used through the (nail-ridden) attic and through walls without any wires sticking out while they kept away from the electrical wires to prevent interference.I returned the tools and wire I got from Fry's electronics and that made the install very affordable.I'm very happy with the quality of my network speed now, being able to stream HD content from my server upstairs to the TV 200 feet away.After completing the network-wiring job, I had them install a new chandelier on a remote-controlled dimmer switch which was done quickly and works great
5	I bought a house and I decided to do a major electrical overhaul of the kitchen - moved all of the  electrical outlets, put in recessed lighting and under cabinet LEDs.  Good Guys Electric were timely, professional, fairly priced, and did an excellent job.  I recommend them to anyone.
4	They came to my house the same day that I called which was a pleasant surprise.  I'm glad that I didn't have to wait a week for them to fix our fuse box.With labor at $65 per hour it's pretty affordable depending on what you want them to do.  Be aware that there might be two guys coming out to you though- so it'll be $65 per hour x2.
5	My dryer outlet was not working in my new home so I called these guys up.  They were quick, courteous and affordable.  They even pointed out an unrelated hazard in my home.
5	Mike gave me an accurate estimate over the phone. He put me on the schedule quickly, called when he was on the way out, and showed up on time. Good Guys respect your time.Pleased with the cost and will be glad to have the Good Guys back for a lot more work.
5	When we needed a ceiling fan fixed, I went straight to Yelp to find a reputable electrician. After seeing the rave reviews for Good Guys Electric, I gave the business a call. The man I spoke with was very helpful in telling me over the phone what might be wrong, and I scheduled an appointment for the next day. Today, when Mike came out, he was very professional and quickly fixed the fan (the receiver inside needed to be replaced). I was so pleased with the job he did that I then asked him to install another fan, as well as address an outlet problem we were having. Everything was done quickly, and the pricing was fair and reasonable. I'll definitely use this business again for our electrical needs.
5	I called Good Guys Electric early in the morning and had Mike show up at my house later that afternoon, which was nice to get same day service. Mike quickly diagnosed the problem, fixed it, and was on his way. Courteous and professional service, would recommend them to a friend.
5	All of the positive reviews of Good Guys Electric are accurate. I called on a Saturday and got a return call the same day. We agreed on a day and time for Mike to do the work. Mike called when he was on the way, showed up when he said he would and did a great job. He asked appropriate questions and answered everything I asked. I will definitely call Good Guys again when I need electrical work.
5	I wake up in the morning to everything in my bedroom turned off.  Thinking it's just the circuit breaker tripped, I flip them all and still get nothing in the room.  Now I start to panic.  I turn to Yelp and see who is rated best, up comes Good Guys Electric.  I call up GGE and Mike answers, very pleasant and close by.  He says he can take care of me the same day, no emergency charges or anything. He starts testing all the connections in the house and homes in on a very old and dangerous light switch wiring that was only a matter of when, instead of if, for causing a fire.  He even showed the melted covering and what a mess I inherited from buying an older house.  He was able to get the wires fixed up, wrapped and everything in the house artificially bright again within an hour and replacing nothing but a light switch.If only everyone was this straight-forward and honest.  If there is ever anything electrical I need done in my house again, GGE is definitely the place I'll be calling again.  You guys are awesome!
5	After our house got broken into this past Tuesday morning (SOB Azzbag!), I was so disorientated the rest of the day/night that I forgot that using the washing machine (the Douchebag threw clean clothes I had ontop of the dresser on the floor trying to get out of our bedroom window..and i did not like the thought of putting on clothes some skeevy ass had his hands on) and running the convection oven (i was making dinner for us and our friend who was installing our new backdoor) will trip the breaker for that outlet.  With 5 minutes left on the washer, the spin cycle starts up.  And next thing I know, it stops and the convection oven shuts off.  DAMNIT ALL TO HELL!!  We try resetting the breaker, like we've done in the past, but it was no use.  The breaker to that outlet was broken.  I scour the yelp app for an electrician after we see that the breaker is done in and the first listing to pop up is Good Guys Electric.  I proceed to call at 8:30 am yesterday and find out prices and availability.  Mike had a call he was going to just down the road from our house later that day and asked if I'd be home.  Otherwise, he was so booked that we would have had to wait til next week.  Unfortunately and thankfully, both my husband and I were home all day due to total exhaustion and restless sleep the day/night before.  He said he anticipated it being around 12-1pm but could be earlier.  But he'd call when he was in route.  I said no worries and thanked him multiple times for squeezing us in.  Mike showed up a little after 1pm and immediately got to work.  He made his suggestions on what he'd do with the breaker issue.  I told him that I trust his judgment and that this was profession, and he came very well reviewed on Yelp....so to do what he thought best to get things fixed.  He said he'd have to go run to Home Depot to buy the 2 new breakers (the broken breaker was actually 2 breakers in 1..both 15s and the washer alone should be on a 20) and he'd call me from there with prices.  I again said to him...do what you see fit.  I trust your judgment and feel that you're honest.  He returned about 30 minutes later with 2 new breakers and had the job done about 10-15 minutes later.  Charged us for 1 hour labor and the cost of the 2 breakers.  I almost wanted to cry when I saw the invoice.  VERY REASONABLE labor charge!  After I paid Mike, I told him that I felt I should give him a hug for helping us out and squeezing us in like he did.  I told him that if we need an electrician for anything, I know who I'm calling.  Mike and Good Guys Electric = AWESOME!!
5	After nearly six years of homeownership, an electrical problem: Bad dimmer switch for a bank of kitchen lights. Called GGE late Wednesday night, hoping to leave a message... and Mike answered. We set an appointment for Friday morning, with the caveat his arrival was dependent on the arrival of a repair guy for his own issue. He arrived an hour after our set time, but he kept me appraised with calls during the delay, which was considerate of my time. Once here, he swapped out the dimmer switch almost immediately and the price for parts+labor was fair: $82 (service call of $64). Mike was friendly and professional, so no complaints from me,
5	Called ahead, showed up on time.  Diagnosed problem and laid out possible solutions.   Courteous service.  One of the better service experiences of late.   Fair rates.  Thanks
5	Mike gave me a fair quote over the phone to install a 30amp outlet outside my house. Was very helpful, explained what he needed to do, was on time and I would absolutley call him the next time I need any electrical services.Listen--if you want a no hassle experience call Good Guys. You can thank me later.
5	We just bought a house and needed to have an electrician come check a problem we were having with the lights in 2 rooms and a ceiling fan. I chose to call Good Guys because they obviously have impressed others with their service, and have a great reputation on Yelp. I spoke with Mike and explained the issue to him. He was able to squeeze a visit to my place in, on short notice. The day he came, he called and asked me a few basic questions on his way. Once he arrived, it took him no time at all to replace a faulty breaker and correct the problem. He showed and explained to me what he had done. He was friendly, reasonably priced, and only there for a short time. I highly recommend Mike, and will use him again next time we have an electrical problem (hope we don't though!).
5	After a week of no air conditioning and finally concluding that the cause was electrical in nature, I gave Good Guys a call. Mike answered right away and was able to come out to Gilbert that same afternoon! He was patient with my lack of electrical/AC maintenance knowledge and figured out the problem soon after arriving. Not only did he save me from the hell that was having no A/C, but also did so very quickly and at an awesome price. I would HIGHLY recommend Mike for any and all of your electrical needs!
4	Mike gave us a fair quote via email to install some ceiling fans. We scheduled an install date and time.  Mike was running a bit behind the scheduled appointment time. When he arrived, he very efficiently walked through the job, looked at the fans we had purchased and got to work.  The final price ended up being right at what we were quoted. We will definitely use Mike and Good Guys again.
5	Mike at Good Guys Electric is excellent!  He completed various electrical projects in our home, from checking connections, updating wiring and ordering custom parts to installing an outlet outdoors.  As far as pricing goes, his quote was very reasonable and in the end, accurate.  He is now my go-to electrician and I highly recommend his work.  I am very grateful to have located him through yelp!!
1	After reading all of these favorable reviews, I was anxious to  hire Good Guys Electric to replace an outside  plug for me.  I called Mike four times and via his voice mail gave him four alternate dates over a 2-1/2 week period to do the repair.  He didn't even return my call.  I told him what I needed to have done, which I have found out is a very simple and quick repair.  I guess he only likes to do big ticket items.  If he was that busy, he could have least called me to say he's booked for the next three weeks.  I would  have waited.    What he didn't know is that if he had done this repair, I would have used him for many future repairs.  Very disappointed.
5	The week after I brought my newest sweet pea home from the hospital (aka the bug) my dishwasher and garbage disposal quit working (both were plugged into the same outlet so I figured it was electrical) and my washing machine broke. Of course.  When it rains, it pours.  Mike made it out the next day and after working on it for about a bit, it turned out my breaker wasn't resetting right and something was caught in my garbage disposal (I think it was canibalizing itself) which caused it to seize up and throw the breaker.  Mike even managed to fix my garbage disposal for me.  In passing I mentioned my washer needed a $600 repair and he recommended I get even more quotes.  In doing so a very nice repair man told me that since it was a GE, it was probably still under warranty.  Turns out it was and I only had to pay $250 to get it fixed.  Much better and I can thank Mike for the suggestion which saved me $350.
5	I called Mike at Good Guys Electric after seeing the positive reviews here on Yelp, and I'm very happy I did so.  Mike was extremely cordial, professional and thorough.  He came out to install a 60 amp breaker for my new spa and run all of the connections.  The work performed was outstanding - Mike clearly takes pride in the quality of his work.  Highly recommended!
5	I was awoken Friday morning at 6something by my home fire alarm system going off- LOUDLY.  The only way to shut the thing off was by flipping switches at the breaker box.  The old smoke detector upstairs had given us signs that it needed to be replaced.  This was it's ultimatum...After calling 2 electrician I was "referred to"...-the first never returned my call-the other sounded novice with respect to fire alarm systemsI then turned to an online search with led to YELP.  After searching for electricians in the Mesa area, I came across "Good Guys Electric."  I loved the great reviews and thus gave Mike a call.  Not long after leaving him a message, he returned my call.  He was patient when I gave him the "detailed" version of my problem.  He then quickly explained what the problem was and told me how to fix it.  Afraid of getting electrocuted or such I told him I'd prefer it being professionally done.  He seemed understanding and looked at his schedule.  Of course he was booked solid next week.  He then asked if I'd mind him coming over later in the day sometime next week, after his last scheduled appointment (he knew and cared about my concern having to leave the power switched OFF in the upstairs part of our home).  I thanked him for being willing to extend his work hours.  I gave him more info and the call ended.A few minutes went by and I kept thinking about his advice on how to solve our problem and his statement that it should be an easy fix.  Next thing you know I was in the car heading to Home Depot.  I received more expert advice there and about an hour and a youtube video tutorial later, my new alarm was fully installed and working!  Thank you Mike for being SUPER HONEST, helpful, and willing to lend expert advice to a frustrated home owner!  This problem is solved! but, if we need an electrician in the future, we'll be giving YOU a call!  :)Thanks again!
5	First class experience with Good Guys all the way!  Mike did a great job from start to finish installing my electric car charger at my house.  Great service.  Great value.  I'm glad I found Good Guys online and I'll be calling Mike for all my future electrical needs for sure!
5	If I ever need electrical service again, will always call Good Guys, and recommend them to family & friends. Professional, polite, honest and no up-selling, and a very pleasant experience. Pricing was great on the work performed. Highly recommend!!
5	Our 50 year old house with its original outdoor fuse box finally began to disintegrate at the end of last summer.  After consulting with the our usual electrician, it was going to cost upwards for $2500 to replace the 100 amp fuse box with a 200 amp breaker box.  The sticker shock lead us to seek other quotes.  None of the quotes beat Good Guys' price or product. And none of the electricians met Good Guys professionalism or honesty.After some delays from SRP to shut down the power to replace the box, it took a morning to remove the box, install the grounding stakes, install the new box and get the work signed off by the city.  The work was done neatly and the new box fully labeled so we know which breakers go to which parts of the house.  Mike, the electrician (maybe the owner?), also took the time trace one line that was unlabeled and unused with the previous box.As others have said, this is a great locally owned company and I would absolutely use them again.
5	Great service.  They truly live up to their name and are "good guys."  Dealt with Mike on each occasion - had him install some outdoor garage lights and landscape lighting at our new home, as well as fixing a few other minor electrical issues.  Mike was friendly, personable, and efficient.  The price was reasonable for what we were having done.  When he was unable to complete the work on day he said it would be done, he came out on a Sunday to finish the job.  Now that's commitment to customers.  They're popular, so they'll require some lead time.  But rightfully so.  We will certainly turn to them again if the situation requires.
5	I hired Mike to mount a TV in our loft, He also had to run the cable wire and install an outlet!! He also installed a fan in our bedroom. He did a great job. He was efficent and clean! Also, his price was very resonable!! I highly recommend him!!
5	Had Mike come out and remove a load controller on my house.  He also checked all my breakers since a couple of them were loose.  Took very little time but was worth every penny now that we'll be able to use our electronics normally this summer.
5	In Feb 2013, Mike did a couple solid days of work for me removing old can lights, moving an existing light, installing ceiling fans in each room, and rewiring a switched outlet.I found him via the great reviews on Yelp and I knew he was good right from the walk through.  He arrived on time, had my email printed out to go over the details of the work, and took very little time in knowing what the effort would be before he gave me a very fair price.He also had us consider reducing the work by leaving a light in it's place rather than relocating it slightly as we had first desired.  How often do you find a contractor who says "Well, hang on... maybe that doesn't need doing..."  It showed us he was an honest good natured fella we could trust.Before the popcorn removal was done by my drywall guy, Mike came in and did all his cutouts and rough wiring.  What was impressive to me, as well as to my father-in-law and also the drywall contractor, was that Mike had taped the cutout drywall pieces in organized fashion near the holes he had made.  It made it easy for the drywall contractor to do his bit.  This guy demonstrates some forethought in his work!At the day of finish-wiring, the ceiling fans had some issue with the switches my wife and I had provided, but Mike was really patient advising what switches would work best and where to get them.  When my wife returned with them, he put them in place and everything worked great.Mike is an EXCELLENT ELECTRICIAN and highly recommended.
1	I agree with Carlos, the previous yelper.  I would give Good Guys 0 star if I could; and I rarely give negative feedback.To make the story short, I called Mike 3 times within a week because we need some repair urgently.  Mike picked up the phone once, said he will call back... A week and a half went by, he never cared to call.  Perhaps Good Guys' business is so successful they don't care about new customers anymore.  But at least, as a courtesy, tell people they are booked and can't take anymore services....BAD CUSTOMER CARE!  Don't even try to call if you need someone reliable immediately!
5	Just like their name. Very pleased
1	Unreliable, unprofessional and unaccountable. Stay away!
1	Is this business closed? Called good electric based on reviews here, NO response, called them 4 different times over the first week of June.
1	I called and left a message and emailed them through their website over a week ago and never got any response back.  Bummer...
5	Had Mike do some rewiring in my kitchen remodel.  Highly recommend!  Mike is fast, professional VERY affordable and a "Good Guy." Thanks Mike!
1	Originally I was prepared to give this company a 5 star rating.  Mike came out to the house the day after I called him, and gave me a quote over the phone that was lower than any other I had seen.  Mike was nice enough to point out that since our home is brand new, having him work on it could void the warranty (we were going to have an exterior electrical outlet added), so he offered to come back once I found out.  After doing some fact finding and determining that the warranty would still be valid, I called Mike back, he answered, and said he was in the middle of job.  He asked if he could call me back in 30 or so minutes.That was 2 months ago.  I have called the general number, as well as Mike's cell.  I've left several messages.  I have emailed them.  Nobody ever responds.  As far as I know the company may actually be out of business, no idea.  Either way, the effort I've put in trying to contact them with no response at all is enough for me to discourage anyone for trying to contact them as well.
1	My husband and I are doing a complete remodel of our property in Scottsdale. Hired Good Guys Electric to completely rewire the property and in the beginning I was very happy with Mike and the work he did. Of course with every job there were a few things that went wrong but they could be corrected. Everything was inspected and passed. Now we are at the stage on this job to have it completed and here is were the problem started. I have since the beginning of October been trying to contact Mike via voice mail, text message and finally had to give him a deadline to answer back. Nothing on his side so I sent an e-mail to the address that I had on record and canceled the contract with him. I do not know what is going on and can only hope that he is able to get back on track but at this time because of all the extra work that this is causing me since I now need to find someone who will be willing to take on a half completed job, I must write this comment so that no one else will be taken by surprise. Always remember to contact the Register of Contractors at rocaz.gov to check on the current status of the business license for any contractor that is working in Arizona.
