2	Based on the review of Darren W, the first person to review this restaurant, I visited Lucky Dragon Chinese Restaurant and ordered the same thing he did. Meh -- I'm not impressed. My meal was the same ordinary, run-of-the-mill Chinese food that could be purchased at any strip mall or hole-in-the-wall Chinese restaurant anywhere in the US. Not to disparage the owners of this restaurant, who were friendly and hardworking, but in Lawrenceville there are much better places to eat than Lucky Dragon Chinese restaurant.
4	Simple and basic Chinese food. My girlfriend and I ordered the sweet and sour chicken, schezuan beef, chicken fried rice and cheese ragoons. All the food was pretty tasty, no real complaints. Portion size was pretty good and the prices were very reasonable. Nothing super different or unique, but still a good establishment. The place itself is a typical hole-in-the-wall kind of place. Seems to be run by a family because during my visit there was an older woman, a young woman, and two small children. The service was quick and efficient. I placed my order and the lady repeated it back to me before making it. I waited approx. 10 minutes and the food was still piping hot when I got it home. Most certainly a place I will revisit.
4	Nothing over the top, but consistently good. The service is quick, waited 10 minutes before getting food to take home. Don't expect flashy and over the top amazing, but if you just need a quick meal that you can rely on, this is the place for you.
2	I had my hopes set so high for Lucky Dragon.  When I picked up the food I was even so bold as to take a menu with me so it would be easier to order takeout over the phone.  Sadly, when I got home to eat, things just went downhill.The cheese wontons are a little too sweet for my liking.  The General Tso's chicken didn't have much spice or distinctive flavor to it--kind of boring.  I really didn't like the beef lo mein (what little beef there was).  I also didn't care too much for the cashew chicken.Bummer...
3	I'd say this place is average at best. I got takeout and while it satisfied my immediate Chinese food craving, I don't think I'll be back anytime soon. The cheese wontons were too sweet for my liking, the beef lo mein was sadly lacking in beef, and the General Tso's Chicken had no kick to it. But at ~$20 for three dishes (General Tso's, beef lo mein, and cashew chicken) and an order of wontons, I can't complain too much now, can I?
3	I've only ever gotten take out from here while at work.  It serves the purpose of filling the belly until you can make it home to run to the toilet.Ordering over the phone from here can be an experience...that is if anyone picks up the phone.  Better yet, they pick up and immediately put you on hold without even asking.I've had the joy of experiencing a little bit of this and that from there.  Usually go for the combination platter.  Just your usual fare that comes with your choice of white or fried rice and an egg roll.Depending on their promotion if you call in an order over a certain amount, they usually give you something in your order.  Recently it's been a two liter soda; in the past it has been an appetizer portion of fried won tons and 20 oz. sodas.Word of advice, if you don't have your own utensils at work or wherever you are ordering from, ask for chopsticks, they are more sturdy then the thin plastic fork they'll give you.
