5	AUTUMN IS AWESOME!!!!!! She gets five stars for her excellent customer service! She is super nice, accommodating and extremely helpful. My friends and I came to Vegas to get our party on and we stayed at Crestwood. Although the rooms are not the greatest as far as luxury they do offer some great amenities like a full size refrigerator, microwave and stove. Even though the pool is super tiny and only 3 feet deep, you can use it 24 hours a day and trust me I did! There's nothing like taking a dip after getting back from the club at 5 am :) If you're going to Vegas on a budget you can come and see Autumn,, she told us how to take the bus, get to the grocery store and was the best. She totally deserves a raise!!!! :)
3	This hotel is one of my backup hotels when I make impromptu trips to Vegas. (U know.. Thinking about going two days before the weekend!!)Rooms are clean, service is great (they are accommodating), not too far from the strip (like a 5 minute drive), plenty of access to food and the Las Vegas outlets. Never any complaints. Keep up the great work guys!!
2	I traveled to Las Vegas to interview with an airline.   I had to pay full fare  even though I was flying on my possible new employer.  A two day interview that required that I pay for my own accommodations.  I placed a bid on Priceline for an economical hotel.  I was booked here from the 17th to the 19th of February.  "The Strip" is four miles away  .  The exterior of this hotel is nothing to look at, perhaps borderline tacky.   I can go into detail, however, nothing artistic, beautiful, classy or stylish.   It could very well be military barracks.    The lobby is pretty generic - rural Motel 6, plain Jane, don't close the curtain while you are in the shower type of place.   The check-in process took about two minutes and no frills.My room was on the first floor.  I made two left turns and 50 meters down the hallway, it seemed I was inside a crack-house in the Bronx, just with newer paint, no graffiti, and absent prostitutes smoking cigarettes by their doors.   Inside my "suite" is a clean space containing a Home Depot GE refrigerator, two electric burners, a stainless steel sink, tacky plastic two-cup coffee maker, plenty of counter space, one queen size bed with five pillows, ironing board, broken Hamilton Beach iron, clean spacious bathroom and my biggest disappointment - a cathode ray tube Zenith Concierge television that I never turned on.  Besides the television, the next biggest problem with the hotel is the thickness of both the walls and suite's door.   I was on my phone and I could hear clearly one adjacent neighbor exhaling with anticipation for the end of my call.    How long can a neighbor's phone conversation echo across three suites ?   My other wall-neighbor was a double and possibly a triple occupancy.   They most probably are banking on the Las Vegas ad term, "what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas."  Of course, unless nine months later there is a need for a bigger home.  The front door - Mary !  Mother of God !   You could hear a pimp flipping through his cash 50 meters away.   The door looks sturdy, but it does not filter any hallway sounds.   Its like having a beaded curtain for a sound barrier.  If you bring your computer, the front desk will give you the password to use their free server.   If you decide to relax in your room with headsets on and watch a movie on Hulu, then you are in for a Buddhist Monk test of patience.  A 45 minute episode of Revenge can take 3 hours to complete because of the buffering.   Lastly,  to keep this review short - don't slide open the curtain of your window facing the parking lot - just don't do it.  If you made it this far, then you deserve to know.  Every single employee has been courteous, genuinely interested in helping.   Housekeeping was courteous and accommodating.    On my last day, I received a call from the front desk.   The front desk clerk called to ask me if I was going to use my (suite's) phone?  The Hotel is going to do a phone upgrade and phones will go offline.  No, problem, I have a cell phone.   I immediately placed a wake-up call and explained I was going to the airport.   A free shuttle from the hotel front door at my 5:30 am check out time.  However, I did not receive the wake-up call and there was no shuttle -  surprise !    The lady working at my check-out 5:30 am  shift explained there was no wake-up call request made.  Also, there are about 10 shuttle services and they all charge at least $ 9.00.   So, my only call to my room must have been a prank, even though they usually do shut down phone service during upgrades.  Ok,  lets wrap it up.   1.  Efficient check in.   2. Helpful housekeeping.   3. No extra resort "surprise" fees.   Use Priceline and bid $30.00 for a 2-occupancy room.  Don't forget to bring a set of foamy ear plugs.
1	Horrible, woke up to roaches in my bathroom, they came to clean the roaches up and sprayed some kind of pesticide in there. I went to the front desk thinking id get another room for the rest of my morning. Not the case they said it should air itself out! didn't even get comp'd , I'm posting the pics of the roaches.. Worst way to wake up! Stayed in room 104
1	When I walked into the hotel and they couldn't find my reservation I should have taken that as a sign to find another hotel, however given I am traveling across country with two cats and the Crestwood is "pet friendly" and it's a holiday weekend in Las Vegas then I decided to stick with my reservation.  That was a big mistake...On the plus side and the reason for one star vice zero (besides the fact you can't actually give zero stars):  The front desk staff was very friendly as were the maintenance staff that had to be called once going into our room and finding out the toilet doesn't flush properly.  The toilet eventually flushes, though it needs some prodding and patience.  Now for the negative: The chain's flier says "Always clean and friendly," but methinks not.  The hallways smell of old cigarettes, the toilet was dirty (perhaps because it doesn't flush properly) and the room actually has cockroaches.  I realize cockroaches are everywhere, but really?  They are charging me a $50 pet cleaning fee for one night.  I feel like they should pay me a fee to watch their cockroaches.  We did check for bedbugs and see no obvious signs.  Hopefully in the morning there will be no marks they are actually here given we've made it across country through multiple budget hotels without picking any up.You do get what you pay for, so I made the mistake of paying for this roach infested motel.  Please don't make the same mistake.
5	A couple of friends and I had stayed here for 2012 Halloween Weekend. There was a lot of confusion with our reservations in the beginning, due to complications with the booker provider, but overall everything went smoothly. This place is an amazing spot to stay if you are on a budget and don't mind being too far from the strip. We had booked a room with two queen beds with a kitchen and its other amenities. I was surprisingly shocked with how spacious the room was and all the mirrors. I personally loved that because there was 4 other girls getting ready, and to be honest -- we didn't even use the bathroom mirror to do our make up and hair, so it was great for all of us. The rooms were nice and neat, but we did find a couple of things on the rim of the bed, like dust and crumbs.  But overall, everything was nicely kept, spacious and we had no complaints on the room. We had a situation with one of our friends who we couldn't get a hold of and needed help. Not knowing the area, we asked the ladies in the front and they began to help us with the information we need. They were comforting and made sure that everything was okay. (I really wish I remembered what the two ladies names were, but we gave our thanks and some goodies! I know that one of the ladies had just moved to Vegas and has a 14yr old daughter and a 8mo son (WHO IS SO CUTE, BTW!!) THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR HELP, and again when you are in the San Diego area, please contact us!) I will book here again on my next Vegas trip.
2	I flew into Las Vegas for a business trip back on January 9, 2013.  After reading favorable reviews on one-star hotels and motels, I decided to stay here at the Crestwood Suites right off of Las Vegas Boulevard, just a few minutes south from the strip.  While being able to get good night's rest on my one-night stay, the room and its facilities have their fair share of pros and cons.On the positive side, the place has a very nice price point, basic amenities and friendly customer service.  Reserving via Priceline's website, not utilizing the "name your own price" service, the daily rate of $58 per night was affordable.  The room has all of the basic amenities, like shampoo, soap, iron and iron board, etc.  There's even a stove, refrigerator, cabinets and sink.  And also for a local hotel to have a good caliber of customer service, concern and interaction, at least that brought a lot of ease in my mind.However, I believe all those pluses don't cover up the two drawbacks of this place.  First off is the presence of the remnant secondhand cigarette smoke in the hallway and my room, which is on the first floor wing.  On top of hotel patrons, I personally couldn't believe how maids could make a living cleaning the rooms with this "stench" of a smell present.  Plus it personally sucks to have my clean clothes be adored with this type of smell!  Also, the room sofa has that small, yet disgusting, dry white stain sort of similar to Monica Lewinsky's "blue dress."Despite these findings, the hotel is okay to stay in.  My recommendation for those who want to "roll the dice" by saving your money and their lungs, request a different room higher than the first floor or look somewhere else.
1	Worst hotel ever stayed at.  Don't stay unless you're down in the dumps.  We left early to go home because we couldn't stay any longer at this dump.  Raggedy on all levels.  I'm still itching and hope I didn't bring bed bugs home.  Smelled weed throughout the place and even outside.  Would be zero stars.
3	Checked in from a Friday to a Sunday. It was cheap and conveniently located. There were also nice amenities provided. The only downfall is the smell of the room. It was so horrible we bought Fabreeze and air fresheners to help make the smell go away but it was unsuccessful. The smell stuck to all our clothes.
1	It's right across the las Vegas premium outlets. The only good thing about checking in here. Went through Expedia and didn't realize I had book only one bed. I tried to upgrade but the front desk are unhelpful. Not even a single try. It's a no regardless. THE WORST HOTEL SERVICE THAT I'VE COME ACROSS IN MY WHOLE ENTIRE LIFE!! Never will I check in here again.f
5	I'm not sure why people would give this place a bad review. This place is clean, quiet, and staff is courteous. The only way I'll stay in any other hotel is if they paid me. I'm not hating on other places but I got my money worth. It wasn't overly priced, no roaches, no crack heads, no problems. I was very comfortable there. And I'm a local.
1	This place sucks nuts the maid only comes once a week , the keys never work to get into your room, you have to walk down to the front desk every time you need toilet paper and towels , it's primarily African American hookers staying here!
1	Sucks! We researched in advance for a pet friendly hotel. We have 2 cats. After a 5 hour drive we pull in wi th our 2 cats, they deny our reservation and say they allow 1 animals. They dont refund our money and charge a cancellation penalty. Worthless! I would not come back here if they paid me to stay.And after speaking with Expedia who booked our reservation, they said per contract with Creations that there is a $20 per pet fee which we paid. Bill at the desk was obstinate,  belligerent,  rude, and was uncooperative in resolving this. We travel a lot for pet expos, cat shows with TICA and CFA and I will make it well known the inconvenience we endured here. I only wish I could blast Bills photo here to show his rude face.
5	We moved to vegas from california and need a place to stay for 5 weeks until the construction of our house is done. We checked in here a day after thanksgiving after a horrible experience at EMERALD SUITES!Brandon the receptionist that day is so helpful and even let us check the room before booking.This place is clean, has the basic necessities and very close to everything! We can cross the street to the outlet mall!!! We are here for 4 more weeks and thankful every day that we found this gem!!!
