4	Do not hesitate to try this wonderful little lunch place that does it right. Tasteful decor. Small terrace. Limited, chalkboard menu featuring daily super fresh lunches. Fresh juice/lemonade. Baked goods are total knock outs. Focaccia can be a little heavy handed on the oil, however, so it ends up feeling like a heavier lunch as it could be otherwise.Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
5	This place is really beautiful, and has the most delicious treats and sandwiches! The scones and the granola bars are sooooo good, and the roasted veg sandwich is incredible! Everything is made in house and is very fresh. Definitely check this place out.
5	I had breakfast here while staying down the road on a visit to Montreal.  The owners are the loveliest people and basically they just ask you want you want for breakfast... as if you are guests in their kitchen.  The food is delicious and the portions generous.  The perfect (tiny) breakfast spot!
4	REALLY GOOD SANDWICHES. Great value for the price, too! I'll certainly be back.
5	Let me open with: perfect service.I've never ever had someone serve me a coffee, then tell me if its not perfect to tell him and he'd replace it immediately. And it was perfect, so no need, but how awesome a feeling is that?My friend also got scones here, which smelled incredible and I'll probable come back for tomorrow.Very cool/quaint vibe, nice location, and again, great coffee and service!
5	Best spot for lunch / snack in the neighbourhood! I've been going there at least once a week for the past 5 months, and the food is always good, the staff is always nice, the place is always clean and it smells like their delicious baked goods. I don't recommend going there for a sandwich if you are in a rush, because they make them one by one "with love" so it does take more time than getting a premade sandwich. But it tastes so much better, so if you can spare 10 minutes, it's well worth it. (Perhaps getting there a bit before noon is also a good strategy to have less of a wait.) All of their baked goods (brownies, pecan pies, scones, etc.) are delicious, and they make good espresso drinks as well. I have not tried their soup and breakfast sandwishes yet; it's next on my list! Oh, and remember, it's cash only.
5	I was visiting from out of town and craving home-cooking.  A friend suggested Godley et Creme for lunch.  The staff were lovely and really cared about how much we enjoyed our food.  We ordered two different soups - both were amazing.  We then shared a sandwich that was served on the most delicious homemade bread and followed lunch with dessert.  The pecan tart was almost better than my grandma's and the scone, well, crunchy on the outside, doughy in the middle with fresh berries and white chocolate.  Need I say more? When the bill arrived, we thought they had made a mistake because it was so inexpensive... Fabulous!
5	Really cute and nice little place to stop to meet a friend. The staff were so sweet. Only problem was that a few things we ordered were no longer available, but everything we got was very fresh. So good :)
