5	Kelly is an experienced manicurist..She has over a 13+ years in salon work.....She does gel polish, different types of hand designs, acrylic nails, silk nails and does great manicure and pedicure... She is friendly and speaks fluent English!!! Wendy who once did my Pedicure was amazing too...after her work...my feet feels like a babys bottom.
1	This was the fastest pedicure I've ever had in my life, I'm beyond disappointed and I will never return.  I arrived at 3pm, I was done by 3:19pm.The decor is horrible, it's like they tried to be classy in the 1990's  it's like thrift store decor. Old products, most of the nail polishes where half empty (I always carry my favorite color in my purse).Needless to say, I'm very disappointed, I wasn't relaxed, I was uncomfortable, and  it was SO fast and not in a pleasant way. I will never return and I would never recommend this place,ever!
1	This is worst nail salon in Las Vegas. The salon have old old people doing nails that is so outdated and very ugly. The owner Rose do not know how to do nails, wax, pedicure, or eyelashes extention. There is another old lady named Cammy that everybody should stay away!!!  They are so mean and unprofessional. I will never come back here or recommended anybody to come here.
1	HORRIBLE! We waited 2 hours! I made an appointment and they didn't take us in right away, the nails the lady did weren't pretty, she still wanted to charge so much money We will never return! Horrible service, not worth the money you pay. please stay away I wish I could give this NO stars -.-
3	The pedicure was nice. The woman did a good job. However when I walked in I told her I wanted a full set and a pedicure. She started with the pedicure. Everything was going well until people started showing up.  She got up mid pedicure to fill the tubs for 3 people and did an eyebrow wax.  My foot bath go got cold. She came back finished,  charged me and said see you next time and walked away.  I said what about my full set? She said oh honey I forgot but you can wait till I'm done.  I was so angry! !! Never again.
1	Worst Eyebrow Waxing!I need my eyebrows done BAD! I onky went in because my husband was at a store next door. The lady told me to go to the back and that shed be there in a sec.. as soon as she came in she just started putting wax on my eyebrows! Didnt say A WORD! So I stopped her and explained how I wanted them. She got all pissy and started loudly chompin on her gum then she started plucking my eyebrows so rough and fast and clipped some skin! NEVER COMING BACK! Picture shown is AFTER my eyebrows were "done". I ended up going to sallys a few stores down and bought tweezers and cleaned them up myself. It looked like she didnt do anything!
1	Don't ever go there for eye brown waxing!! I told the lady I just wanted to clean up and she took half of my eyebrown!! Also, she made one was thinner than other!! Really disappointed!!
