4	Yes...this is a chain restaurant...but none the less... this pizza is pretty good.  The red brick oven concept has been done before and much better, but it is usually much more expensive.  Red Brick is decently priced chain that serves good pizza.  Another cool plus, is when dining in, every booth has it's only TV so you could watch an episode of "Friends" while you eat...like we did.
1	Went in trying to get a quick, bite to eat, and seriously, I was contemplating asking for a refund. It was like eating cardboard w/imitation cheese. To top it off, it was expensive. Now I don't mind paying for food, as long as it's good, but this was ridiculous! Don't go here, unless every single restaurant off Baseline Rd is in foreclosure, you're starving and will pass out if you don't eat something soon... you're better off going to the Fry's Supermarket next door and eating something from there.
1	I like the idea of gourmet pizza to go I think it's great because I love pizza. Walking into Red Brick Pizza I noticed they had tv's at almost every table and a few selection of beers so far so good. I already had a good impression of the place and was excited to place my order. I got a margherita pizza, a drink, a scoop on pistachio gelato, and an order of breadsticks for my friend. It didn't take long to get my pizza but they forgot the breadsticks and the guy making them asked if I wanted just oil on them? Uh no. Cheese please!  Who want's just oil on their breadsticks? Weird. I finished my gelato in the car on the way to work and it was pretty tasty but I don't think  you can mess up gelato. I was looking forward to having pizza for lunch but the pizza I got lacked flavor. Thank god I asked for a side of ranch because I needed that to eat the rest of  the pizza. I am not a picky eater by any means but  the pizza here sucks. A Totino's pizza would of tasted better then what I got from this place. The atmosphere is cool but the food is not.
2	Let me first start by saying that I am a pizza snob. I'm a Chicago native and there are so many fabulous pizzerias to choose from. I've never had pizza in Arizona and decided to give them a try. I got a small Margarita pizza which was basically a snack. It wasn't gross or anything, it just didn't do it for me. They were a little skimpy on the fresh basil, sauce, and cheese.
3	If you're looking for gourmet pizza, this is not the place for you.  It is a chain restaurant in a shopping plaza, so keep your expectations realistic.  The food is pretty much on par but a bit on the expensive side.  But if you're looking for chain pizza, this is on the better end of the spectrum.  If you're looking for gourmet pizza, drive 15 minutes and go to Pizzeria Bianco - voted the best in the nation.  Don't go to McDonald's expecting Kobe beef burgers, and don't go to Red Brick expecting Pizzeria Bianco. Just keep your expectations realistic and you will leave with a smile.
4	This was one of my favorite pizza places, I love thin crust. I was shocked today to see that this location was closed. I was just by a few days ago. Everything was still in the restaurant, just doors closed and a notice on the door that they were a victim of the economy. They were always busy, I don't understand.
2	The pizza didn't look that good.  The breadsticks were terrible.  The chopped salad was expensive and simple.  The drink selection stinks.  I hate when a place doesn't have fresh brewed iced tea.  That all said I will likely go back BECAUSE I noticed they have gluten free pizza and I will take my husband there to eat.  Also, it is a nice location and the kids can play outside in the grass after we eat.
1	We had a $25 Gift Certificate for Red Brick that we got off of the old Beth & Bill KEZ 99.9 FM website from their Half Off Deals Page. We also had a buy 1, get 1 free coupon from the Entertainment Book... They said that we could not use both. Either 1, or the other. We were furious!  A Gift Gertificate is just like cash. Period....It is not a Coupon, too. This made NO sense to us. Talk about a cheap Company! We ordered 2 pizzas... They both tasted bland, had like no flavor! Very disappointed. Z-Pizza is waaaay better by far!  We will never go to Red Brick again! I highly recommend Z-Pizza!  Also, there were like 4 Hispanics working behind the counter and they would all gabber in Mexican the whole time we were eating which we found to be rude, & not appropiate. Their prices seemed to be on the expensive side as well.  We used to go to the one on Camelback & 16th Street a long time ago, but that location closed. We only went to this location because we wanted to also go to some other stores in this area and use up the Gift Certificate we had.
4	I've been on a pizza diet as of late, and actually tried a Red Brick closer to my house before trying this one. This one was equally as good as the first one I tried! The people are friendly and to-go orders have been quick. I've been here a few times over the last month or so, and always equally as good. As a creature of habit, I always get the same thing - basically it's a supreme and I get it minus the black olives. SO GOOD! I will definitely be back! I love this place!
2	We had a Groupon for this place because we had a trip planned for Phoenix and I thought it would be fun to try some new places besides the ones right around our hotel (we vacation in Phoenix every year).The cashier told me my Groupon had already been redeemed earlier that day, but my App clearly showed that it hadn't been redeemed yet.  Not to mention I had just flown into Phoenix that afternoon so I couldn't have redeemed it yet.  They finally agreed to honor it, like they were doing me a big favor.  Then they didn't know what the offer even was because they said they had too many offers out at the time.  I had to look it up and tell them what was included in my deal.When the salad came it didn't have chicken on it even though I had ordered a chicken caesar salad.  They argued a little about that as well but finally added the chicken.  The breadsticks came next and they were bland.The pizza was decent, but certainly nothing I would come running back for considering all the problems leading up to getting it.  Which is too bad because my father-in-law (who lives in Phoenix, whom we were visiting) was looking for a good pizza place to make a regular destination.  This won't be it.
5	Great pizza and Fhazinis! Staff and Owner are Friendly! a must go to on the Southside!
2	Pricey for unremarkable, generic chain pizza-but they have beer and the outdoor area abuts a pretty nice greenbelt. Lunch here is pretty much the same price as every place else. seemed really slow at lunchtime, which is usually a bad sign.Wasn't horrible-but I wouldn't go back. That's my two cents-Which won't matter, cause they'll filter this review like the filter all my others.
5	Yummy in the tummy was good has a new name and owners.  The only downside is during the week they close at 7pm  And this part puzzles me, if you show up after 630 they ask but its kind of telling you that you have to eat the pizza outside or take it home to eat.
4	find myself craving this on occasion, good food, great people - family owned !
