5	I love this place. They take really great care of my dogs, are reasonably priced, are always finished when they say they'll be and have a huge stock of treats for your pup! Nathalie is usually always there and she's super friendly. She's also very, very accommodating. Whatever I need, she does, every time. The store is clean and is blocked off so that pups can run around in the place without being leashed, which is so nice. My dogs really love it. When the dogs aren't being groomed they aren't stuck in cages, but in a play area where there are lots of toys and water. It's much nicer than them being cramped up for long periods of time waiting to be groomed.I didn't get the groomers name, but she did exactly what I asked her to. She didn't take too much off and my dogs looked beautiful when she was done. By the way, TIPS ARE CASH ONLY. Don't get stuck, like me, with a credit card and no cash. I felt terrible and had to run to the gas station down the street to bring it back! This is a really great place for grooming. I'm very pleased and will only take my dogs here.Also, if you check in you get this awesome spa package with your grooming! Bonus!
5	Brought my schnauzer here for a much needed grooming and they did an amazing job. I've been hesitant to take him anywhere because the last time I took him to Petsmart, the groomer shaved everything. I'm so glad I brought him to Nathalie's. He looks fantastic. The staff is great, the groomer was excellent, and the store is more like a pet playground than any groomer I've ever seen. They have a large area for the dogs to run around in so they're not caged up all day. If you have a dog that needs groomed, this is the place to take them.
5	Let me start off by saying that t his is the coolest looking pet salon I have ever been to! It is wonderfully decorated and you can tell the owner really loves her store! That said let me explain my experience.Two weeks ago I brought my 100% wolf in to get a hair cut! He imeadiatly felt at home, I could tell in his walk! He got along with every dog and cat in the store! The owner, (Nathalie) was great to deal with, she was super nice and very knowledgeable in regards to my particular wolf! There were about 15 dogs in there so I could tell the place must be doing well. I took my wolf there at about 2:00 in the afternoon and Nathalie said he would be ready by 5! That is really fast considering there were so many other dogs in there for grooming! When I got my wolf he was lookin SHARP!! Straight out of the wild lookin!! The groomer did an awesome job and was super excitied to have worked on a 100% wolf!!!I highly recommend this place!!!!!!!! Will be going here again!!!Nathalie also offers day care and over night boarding, I can't leaev my wolf but I will be leaving my other pups there during the workday!!!!!!OVERALLGREAT CARECHEAPAWESOME ATMOSPHERE!!
5	I am a big fan of Thrifty Pet! Nathalie is sweet and easy to work with. They are reasonably priced and take great care of my dog whenever she is there. I had taken her to Petco and Petsmart and was always disappointed. I am thrilled to find a local business to support!
4	This store is awesome!  They have tons of clothes and accessories for your furbaby.  Their prices are great.  When I saw how cute everything was I thought for sure it would be super expensive but it wasn't at all.  They also offer grooming and boarding/doggy daycare.  The area they keep the dogs is really cute.  There is two areas, one for large dogs and one for small dogs.  They have tons of cushy beds and fun toys to keep your dog comfy.  They have special events from time to time, like adoption events and over the holidays they had a day where you could bring your pet in to get their picture taken with Santa.  Great local shop.  Check it out!
5	I have been taking my Shih Tzu here for the past year and have had nothing but the best service.  They do everything from standard cuts to glitzy type styles.  We have so much fun taking our dog here to have fun cuts and styles done to her.  We now have a new puppy and cannot wait to take him for his 1st hair cut.I have used other groomers and always felt just like a customer, but here at Thrify we always feel so welcomed and part of a family.   My dogs are just like my children to me so I'm very cautious in who I leave my babies with.  I have no worries or concerns in leaving my dog at Thrifty. My kids love coming with me to drop off or pick up our dog, they love picking fun treats for them.  We sometimes even go to use the tub to bathe our dog and everyone is so hands on helpful, everytime we go to Thrifty we have a great experience. I highly recommend Thrifty Pet, have and will continue to refer all my friends and family here.
5	Ive never written a review for anything but considering my experience with this place I feel obligated to inform EVERYONE how wonderful this place is. I often have to leave town for work. I used to have to pay an arm and a leg for crappy kennel care or have a friend stop but to feed my dog (hoping they really do it) . After months of failed attempts to make my lovable 70lb boxer feel safe, happy, and clean. I came across Nathalies store. I walked in and there was the owner sitting there having a doggy adoption day . Where people bring in their foster pets in hopes for adoption . (Yes this lady REALLY does love animals) . Right away i felt good leaving my pup there 4 days in a row. I talked with the owner for awhile about my dog and she seemed very warm and knowledgeable on boarding and animals in general. After looking around the place i was 100% sold! the "kennels" where open and no boarded dogs where inside them. Instead they where all playing and romping around together in their open (gated) area. Seemed like a doggy paradise! The place was REALLY  busy but i loved how she took time to talk to me and show me around. Great customer service!I bought my dog AND cat back the next week and was gone for 4 days. I called to check on them and she was sweet enough to send me a picture on my phone! They both where lounging around and looked really carefree. When i got back they where happy to see me as i was to see them. They smelled great and looked well cared for.The owner was there again. She informed me that my pup hadn't wanted to eat the 1st day so she sat with him (as she assumed he was a social eater) she said he finished his food and the next two days she monitored him during feeding and he ate just fine. Over all if you REALLY love you pets the way i do. Leaving them there for grooming or boarding or day care. Is like leaving them with your best friend  who loves them as much as you do. I highly recommend this place.. ANIMAL LOVERS ONLY ;)
5	This place is awesome, she's all for pet rescue and I love the fact there are NO kennels. If your dog needs to be kept away from other dogs he/she will have their own room. Love this place!
4	Left our pup, Nina, here for a few days when we decided to go on a camping trip with some friends.  We had already looked at some other places, but weren't sold on it.  This place was recommended by the rescue organization we adopted Nina from and  I immediately liked it upon arrival. (Total plus knowing that she was fostered here before so Nathalie and her staff knew Nina and her them so it was a familiar setting for all).  When you first walk in, there's a doggy gate that separates the front door from the rest of the boutique.  I loved this because having had experiences with Nina where we bring her to the dog park and all the dogs rush up to her to greet her makes her very anxious and come off as a hostile pup.  Dogs here are allowed to roam the boutique and there is a play area as well as what look to be dog houses in the back and a place for grooming that's all separated, but not.  We liked that Nathalie and her staff knew Nina and her background and we weren't as nervous leaving her here as we would have been at other places (we were still nervous, because, hey! separation anxiety!) The only thing I wish was that they would be open early in the morning (like 5 am) and close late (like 8-830 pm), but that's for purely selfish reasons.  Overall, I would leave Nina here again!
2	I actually apologized to my dog for putting him through this ordeal. The first thing you notice is the horrible urine smell as soon as you walk through the door, from all the dogs in the play area. I was never asked for a copy of my dog's shot records. My dog is all of 10 pounds and other groomers take 2-3 hours from drop off to pick up. I was told they usually take a little longer but would call me. 6 hours later I finally called them and was told she was working on him now and he'd be ready soon. 6+ hours! If I'd known it would take that long I would have scheduled it for a day I worked and couldn't spend any time with him anyway. When I picked him up I was told that it had gotten a little rough that day and he'd gotten scratched in the play yard while waiting for his turn with the groomer butt that it wasn't a bad scratch because they never heard any yelping. First, I had never been told that he would be put in general population, with a mix of all sized dogs. I don't remember signing any release forms for it. Second, my dog is the king of all drama queens.  If you even look like you might be stepping on him, he yelps and screams, so I seriously doubt he kept quiet. Third, its not going to scar him or anything, but its bad enough that we're watching it for infections.This experience really warrants less than two stars. However, I will say that the haircut my dog received is probably the best one he's ever had and he looks pretty dapper. So that's why the two stars.
5	I came by to check out an adoption event going on, and to get my two new pups some socialization, maybe some TLC and some treats. The shop is cute and has lots of different items ranging from food and treats to collars and clothing. They seemed to have a lot of the new hip items in, like antlers and the smoked cheese stick bones, as well as healthy dog food and cute apparel. Something for everyone.In the day care play pen they had all sizes of dogs, ranging from little teacups to a giant white shepherd. They keep the big separated from the small, and the moment you could smell a mess it was cleaned and sterilized. It is very neat and clean and tidy. I think they even mopped the floors twice while I was there! There were multiple people in the back using the self-grooming stations which looked pretty awesome from afar. I am definitely going to give it a try next time my pups need a bath since they will supply everything from shampoo and conditioner to nail trimmers, scissors, blow drys and towels. While I was there I decided that my boy Shepherd could really use a sanitary trim and some cleaning up around the legs and belly. Bridget was super friendly, quick, and did an amazing job. I can tell my boy feels so much better. She gave me some tips, as did the owner, Nathalie, for food and diet and grooming in general. I decided to bring home some treats for the pups at home that couldn't come, which they devoured and hoarded! I definitely plan to go back and do the self wash package, and have Bridget help with the trim.
5	This is a much overdue review.  First of all, Nathalie is awesome!  My big boy Buster has all kinds of allergies and over several months, Nathalie helped us locate different foods we can try to find one right for him.  I think we finally found one we can use long term.  His hot spots and redness has improved dramatically.  Buster has also been groomed here many times and he has always looked great afterwards and the price is very reasonable.  Buster has also stayed overnight when we were out of town and I never worried about him under Nathalie's care.  This place is truly a gem and we're glad we found it on Yelp!
1	I've taken about 2 weeks to cool off after bringing my dogs to Nathalie's Salon in order to write a review that is fair and not just rage driven.  Here is that review.  My husband and I just moved to town and I found Nathalie's via yelp.  I decided to bring my pups to her because of all the positive reviews she has received.  When dropping off our two dogs my husband gave the groomer specific instructions as to how the grooming should be done.  We have 2 Australian Shepherds which are double coat dogs and are known for certain physical features like the feathers on their hind legs and ears.  The groomer was instructed to maintain the feathers on my Mini Aussie and cut 1" off her entire coat, trim her nails and furminate her.  When I picked her up she was shaved with only 1" of hair left on her entire body total, and both her ear and hind leg feathers were gone.  I was shocked to see her and saddened and Nathalie's team did nothing to assuage my sadness but say that my husband must have messed up in telling the groomer what to do.  Now insulting a person's husband and diverting the blame for the mistake was bad enough then I saw our other dog a standard size Australian Shepherd and I almost cried.      This poor old man dog, he's 13, was supposed to receive a "puppy cut" which is his usual style for summer.  This entails the use of clippers down to a fairly short length but still fur; imagine what puppies look like.  Well a puppy cut we certainly did not get but rather a bic cut, where his skin was visible and he looked like he'd undergone radiation therapy.  My poor dog was so bald that we feared taking him outside in the bright Las Vegas sun as he would get sun burnt.  Oddly enough they butchered his haircut, but left all of his legs from the knee down fluffy as if he were wearing boots.  He looks ridiculous and we feel like horrible dog parents for taking him to be tortured like that.  Did Nathalie's offer any sort of apology or compensation for their horrendous mistakes?  Nope!      Also while standing in the salon waiting for my pups I decided to look at their daycare area in case I'd want to bring my Mini Aussie for some indoor fun on a hot day.  What I saw was about 20 small dogs laying in literal squalor.  There was feces and urine in at least 8 different locations and the dogs beds and blankets were touching the waste.  Why are there only 2 people running a business like this that requires a high level of attention to hygiene in order to prevent the spread of deadly diseases?  If you love your fur babies like I do, please do not take them to Nathalie's, you'll end up regretting it.
5	I've known Nathalie for awhile now and as CoFounder of a local rescue who has used her services (boarding, grooming and purchasing supplies) I have ALWAYS been impressed how well run this business is. Sometimes with boarding places, you walk in and it smells like an animal shelter but not at Nathalie's . I know and have seen how well kept she keeps her salon. Not only is her place clean but the attention she gives not just our dogs but her clients dogs is exactly what I would expect from someone who truly cares about animals. She does special orders for customers who request certain items and she always stays on top of any grooming trend to keep her doggie clients looking good. I know when I drop my dogs off, whether its to be groomed or boarded, they are in the best hands possible!! I'm so glad I discovered Nathalie's so now I can get my dogs looking fabulous so they can find their FUREVER homes!!
5	Awesome job but call them for pricing before you buy a groupon as it turns out prices are cheaper to go direct to store.
5	Just took my 12 year old border collie/chow here for the first time.  I couldn't be happier! She looks great, and came back happy and excited.  Great place, definitely bringing my Aussie next.
5	I tried a few places in Henderson since I moved to this side of town only to be disappointed until I saw a groupon for Nathalie's.  The person answering the calls ( I think it may have been Nathalie) was extremely courteous although I can tell by the background there was a lot of things going on.  The groomer was absolutely the best groomer we've used in town. I have  a border collie/chow mix which is a tough coat to groom.  My dog looked beautiful when she came out and the normal price I found out afterwards was going to be just as affordable as with the groupon.My only concern was the other dogs running around unleashed.  My dog ended up being fine with them but chows can sometimes get irritated for small things and I didn't like the fact that there were so many dogs that could be potentially harmed, if not mine.  But they did ask if she was ok before entering and once I said I was unsure, a groomer quickly gathered the little dogs away to their safety.All in all, it was  a great experience.  It is so hard to find groomers that not only care for animals, but also have good people skills in dealing with the owners.This is definitely our groomers for good!
1	We had been loyal clients for over a year and that all ended two weeks ago. We brought our two dogs in to get groomed and expected to pick them up in 4-5 hours, the usual timeframe. When we dropped them off we were told that it may be a little longer, that it was a busy day. No problem. 9.5 hours and two phone calls later my husband went over there to see what was going on. What he found was our two dogs not even close to being completed, with no water available to them. One of our dogs was on the table, shaking and the groomer was SCREAMING at her to stay still. He spoke to the owner saying that the screaming wasn't necessary. After nothing was done to correct this unprofessional behavior he took our babies off the table, not 100% groomed, paid (which was a rip off and a joke) and left. When we got them home they drank 2 bowels of water and cried for more after they were emptied. We will never go back there again. Be aware when leaving your animals there Unattended. They are a disgrace and should be closed down. You get what you pay for.
4	Our first time visiting Nathalie's, and Henry didn't want to leave when it was time to head home. Upon walking in, I was delighted. The place felt warm and cozy, and there were little pups running around playing. I was able to get an appt in on very short notice, which made me happy because Henry needed a grooming badly. I told them what I wanted for him, and they listened and did it well. What sold me on this now being Henry's new spa, was the way they treated us after finding out he had a small knick from his haircut. They advised me to bring him in, they looked at the cut, cleaned him up and he was as good as new. They were very accommodating and compassionate. I received a follow up call the next day to make sure my little guy was alright. I will def be back to Nathalie's! Thanks =)
5	Been bringing my little girl Bonnie there for about a year now.  With the exception of one time when I had early 8am appointment and had to wait 15 minutes for them to open store (Saturday), I've been delighted with the quality of the services they provide and the love and attention the groomers give to my little puppy.  The haircut and doggie spa package is a good value @ $35 for a small dog.  Besides a great haircut, they shampoo, condition, trim the nails and brush the teeth.  What I appreciate most is the care and attention they give to my little girl before and after the service.
2	First let me start by saying I found Nathalie's by browsing groupon.Prior to purchasing the groupon I called to verify the detail and ensure it covered what I needed (grooming of a lab), I was told yes and set up an appt for the next day. Upon arrival I was told it does NOT cover the cut of a lab and I would incur an extra fee, I was slightly irritated since I had already spoken to someone prior to my purchase but I said ok and asked how much... The response was "I didn't know you had a groupon, I'm not sure, I'll let you know" I didn't like it being left open ended but thought it couldn't be more than $10-20 and I would still be getting a good deal so it's fine and I left her. Let me also add here that prior to leaving and when filling out my paperwork I alerted them my lab is older and her hips are bad to please be careful. A few hours later we came back to pick her up, I was told I needed to pay $35 more for the cut and because they had to hold her up to shave her. That's literally double the cost of the groupon I purchased! Also, my lab is old but she can stand and I have NEVER had a problem or been charged extra for grooming her bc of her age. We were told the normal price for a groom of a lab was $65 (we would be paying $70) and to consider it as getting the spa package for free which was actually supposed to already have been a part of the groupon I had purchased. I asked to speak with the groomer bc I was not paying an extra $35... I agreed to pay extra for the cut but I refused to pay double, I was told she had no idea I had a groupon (not sure why that even matters, a groom is a groom regardless of the payment) no idea it was a lab, or that she was older. I clearly stated a lab when I made my appt, I also let Nathalie know about her hips when I signed her in. The groomer finally agreed and said I did not have to pay the extra $35 but I'm still in awe of the extra money they tried to get out of us. They should not run a groupon if you can't afford to take the loss on money to gain new clients, I felt scammed. I also have to add the job was not done well... After this "spa package" and bath she came home with goop still in her eye, she had some kind of gross something on her tail, and there were several areas of long hair left that was uncut. Nathalie was nice in greeting us, but the groomer was awful and I don't think we will be back...
5	Nathalie's is AMAZING I took my little 3 month old Yorkiepoo Niko for his first grooming today and I was honestly nervous because he tends to be timid around other dogs and humans. His scruffiness however forced me to take him lol. The team here greeted not only me but my little baby as well and although he was nervous at first he took to them rather well. Once I cane to pick him up I was ecstatic. My Niko looked amazing with his cute little cut and they said he was amazing and was a good little boy. I will definitely use there services again! Great Job!!!!!!!
3	Kind of 50/50 on this place. The first time I took my dogs here they looked so cute and they cut their fur perfectly! But the next couple of times my bichon frise mix had a really bad cut. Her ears were jaggedly trimmed as is someone took regular scissors and cut straight across. And on my terrier mix I could see the clipper sheers indentations leaving squared patterns on her fur as if someone never used clippers in their life! This has happened about 3 out of the 10 times there. I guess it just depends on who is cutting your dogs hair that day!I can also recall a few times where it took about 10 hours until we were able to pick up my dogs. They need to fix their number of workers to dog ratio, because I do not like setting an appointment at 8am and not being able to pick them up until 5pm. It's a bit ridiculous.
1	Went to see about some dogs to adopt and never received a call back! so thankful we found another place to find our dog.
