4	This is not where they're located (they're really on Woods St but Yelp won't change it), but the phone number is correct and that's all you really need right?A long time ago I called Legacy for a pre-summer tune up - something I was very keen to get given the rising temperatures, age of the unit (20 years), and the fact this is my first summer in this condo.  Legacy agreed to give my neighbor and I a discount ($50 each instead of the normal $60) as if we were a 2-unit home.  They stood me up.Against my better judgement I called them again to reschedule.  Same price as before.  Luckily that was just my better judgement, and not my best.  Because they came this time and did really great.Jeff came out to do the work and he was great.  He was polite, knowledgeable, and most importantly gave a damn.  He made some unsolicited suggestions on things I should change to improve the airflow (the people before me had put on stamped vents instead of bar vents - a big no no that I had never really realized).My blower and radiator were also dirty as the underside of a dachshund at the state fair.  (wtf was that analogy and why did it pop into my head?)  It was some extra charge, but Jeff went above and beyond in cleaning it all up; I was pretty anal.  Granted I helped him out a bit - it was THAT dirty.  Yeah, dachshund dirty.Only 4 stars though because of the initial misfire, and because there's a 3% fee on credit cards.The tune-up + some freeon + the cleaning + the 3% fee = $235, which I'm told was a very good price.
4	Clarification: the 3% credit card fee was waived for me.  I am not sure if that is them responding directly to my complaint, or an indication of a broader policy change (I know Jeff was not a fan of the fee either).  Either way, these are my go-to guys now.
5	Asked for repair for my ac.   It was a  newer units.  The service was great,   they came right away.   But the best thing was ,John and Robert ,  they did a great job .   They found out what the problem was right away.Thanks John.   I had used many company for commercial ac and residential.  I have to give two thumbs up for legacy.
1	Maybe it's me but to charge $360+ to locate a "low voltage short" in our Tempe Loft is way to expensive!  Mark, construction Supt,  was a nice enough guy to discount this bill.  The "call back" to then replace the fan motor, which might have been the real problem in the first place, by the "tech" showed a real lack of knowledge and experience.  The billing lady Milissa (really unpleasant person) kept calling us about bills that did not exists due to the fact that the Legacy Air billing office right hand did not know what the left hand was doing.  We eventually successfully replaced the compressor on this 5 year old unit by another company.  Overall a very difficult experience with Legacy Air. Do yourself a favor.  There are so other better choices.  Thanks for listening.
