5	I've been meaning to try Chester's BBQ only because I know Chester from his amazing bartending days and I was curious as to why he started this business.  Plus, C-U is in dire need of more bbq options outside of Black Dog since its across town from most and hard to get into most days. My husband and I were OVER THE MOON when we finally got to try it at the Blues Brews & BBQ festival recently. Chester's BBQ is amazing! We tried bbq nachos, a pulled pork slider and a Italian beef slider. We really hope Chester decides to turn this business into a food truck so we can see it more often and all over town. It may only be open Thurs-Fri at Tumble Inn, but its definitely worth the trip. I would suggest keeping an eye on their Facebook page for when they may be open and where! I plan to recommend this to co-workers and friends as well as possible catering options.....Great job and good luck Chester!https://www.facebook.com/chestersBBQ
5	It offers great barbecue, at a great price!
5	Brent catered our wedding and it was excellent! Everything was better than expected and I didn't have to worry about a thing in terms of set up, service, or clean up. Professional crew with attention to detail and easy to work with. Solid recommendation here.
5	This food truck is usually parked outside of the Tumble Inn, but I have had some trouble figuring out when it's open (I have walked over there many times, only to find it closed).  However, the food is excellent.  The Italian beef has a smoky flavor that's unlike any Italian beef I have had in Chicago (that's a good thing because I can't replicate it at home) and the pulled pork is excellent.  I haven't tried the nachos.  Also, I really like the way they have painted the truck.
3	I really dug this BBQ food truck. It's a bunch of local guys who are running the food truck in a bar parking lot. Their barbeque is delicious (I had some chipotle BBQ) with several good options. However, it's placed on the meat upon ordering leaving some of the taste out of the meat--I'd love to see the barbeque smoked in some of those flavors rather than just having them glazed on top. I was most disappointed at the side (mac & cheese) which was microwaved as I ordered. The food was of good quality and reasonably priced; but there could have been  a little better presentation and preparation, particularly as the food truck movement grows in C-U. Note: After a POS upgrade, they now take credit cards.
