2	I don't know if the salesman was lazy or dishonest (or both), but I will never do business with them. I called ahead of time to schedule an appointment and make sure the specific cars I was interested in were still in available. I was informed by a salesman that only one of the cars was available. I set the appointment.  When I got there after a 45 minute drive, I was greeted by the same guy I spoke to. Long story short, he gave me the keys to the wrong car. As it turns out, the car I had asked about (and been assured was still there) had been sold. Both were white Hyundai Elantras, which is why he says he got them mixed up. I was informed of this with a "sorry" that came across as a dismissive "oops" and left to show myself out. My overall impression was that this is not a very professional outfit.
2	I purchased a vehicle from this company, and had no problems with the actual buying experience.  The staff seemed to give great answers to even my toughest questions.  The problem has been after the sale.  It is now 8 weeks from the purchase date, and I still do not have a title for this vehicle.  Therefore I am unable to get tags or get the vehicle inspected.  I called after 4 weeks, and they said they had been a little slow in turning in the paperwork, but it should not be too much longer.  I called again after 6 weeks, and was given a similar answer.  Now it's 8 weeks, and I just called again, and had to leave a message with a receptionist.In the past when I've purchased a vehicle, it has never taken more than 3 weeks to get a title.  Keep in mind,  at the time of sale, I paid for the vehicle in full with a certified check from my local bank.  So Matthews Motor Company did not have to wait to receive payment for the vehicle.
4	I am adding to my review, based on the good response from Matthews Motor Co. Since I posted my previous review (see below), Andy at MM Co has worked very hard to meet my request to finalize the title paperwork for the vehicle I paid for in full 10 weeks ago. I am now satisfied, and I would recommend MM Co to my friends. I am very impressed with the response and actions of MM Co since the time of my initial complaint. Problems happen, and the mark of a true professional is how you respond to those problems.
5	I had my car detailed here, and the result was impressive.  Beyond cleaning, waxing, polishing, and vacuuming every nook and cranny, they ALSO fixed a torn pocked on the back of my seat -- at  no extra charge.  I highly recommend the personal service this company.
