4	Coffee, good and free Wi-Fi, a premium in Las Vegas coffee shops. My only complaint: it's like Antarctica inside. Seriously, why is it sub-below freezing? When I come to study, I have to wear double layers. I honestly don't know how the employees can hang!But other than that, plenty of chairs and power strip so many more laptop users can plug in =D
3	Free wifi, but cramped interior and completely rubbish music makes this Coffee Bean uninviting.
4	The Coffe Bean & Tea Leaf is one of the better chain coffee shops in town.  I personally am not a huge fan of starbucks regular coffee.  Their blended drinks are what makes them starbucks, but if you really want decent coffee you have to venture outside the norm.  Coffee bean & Tea leaf offers a nice selection of Tea & Coffee.This particular location inside the Canyon Pointe shopping district across from Red Rock is awesome!  They have free WIFI like most coffee shops and a small, yet relaxing interior.  If you need your cup-o-joe give them a shot.
3	Dear CB&TL located on Charleston across from Red Rock, Please, PLEASE get someone to Feng Shui your place, I agree with my fellow Yelper, Victoria. The interior of your place is super cramped. I didn't like that I was almost knocking elbows with the person at the other table, WTH? Hugs & Kisses, jO I loved that they have FREE Wi-Fi, unlike that place with the mermaid in their logo, you have to have your own source. There's a nice area to sit outside, which seems to be more comfortable than the inside, shouldn't it be the other way around?I had the belgian waffle with nutella spread and a pomegranate blueberry iced tea, f'n d'lish. The portion to the waffle could've been bigger but yummy nonetheless. My tea was making my taste buds dance (ew, that's a nasty visual huh?), I love that they have more than just 3 or 4 teas, unlike SOME places that have green straws. I have to try the coffee at CB&TL one of these days.
4	Waaayy out west and across the street from the Red Rock Casino you'll find this little non-Starbucks.Staff is friendly, coffee is good, wifi buzzes right along, space is inviting...what else do you need?  Clean bathrooms.  Check.Drink up!
4	i'm sucker for coffee bean's tea-lattes. i love that they brew their full leaf teas from the machine so the pressure and water packs full flavor, with the option of double strenghthening or diluting. even with the option of hot or iced. ive been here a handful of times, mostly through the drivethru. my first time through the drivethru, it was like a labyrinth to find the entrance. sort of funny getting lost twice. sort of. but one day, me and my boyfriend decided to come in and hang out inside. the clientele looks majority,  retired, wealthy, laid back. we enjoyed hanging out on the leather couch, and shared that divine chaitea latte. wish the workers would have a better connection, especially since it was slow that one day, coming in. even at drivethru. speed of service is cool, but that extra block is better. *wink*
5	Best coffee shop, hands down. Incredible breakfast food variety...yogurt parfaits, oatmeal, delicious pastries, even belgian waffles with Nutella! I love all of the IceBlended drinks (the Malibu Dream is my fave!)
4	I stopped by here for breakfast on my way back from a run when I was staying at the Red Rock Resort.It was clean and welcoming inside.The workers were really friendly and didn't seem bothered when I forgot to get a receipt for expenses and went back and asked for one.
5	If you have never been here, this is all you need to know: MUCHO MANGO!!!!  Yum!  If anyone knows how to make this drink, let me know.  We don't have CB & TL in Illinois and I love this drink.
5	My new study spot! I just moved out to summerlin and I was looking for a new place to study...I probably do an equal amount of studying and people watching! The staff here is friendly, the wifi is free, the drinks are good...what more is there to ask for??? :-)
4	After a hard morning of climbing ridges in Arizona, I stopped here just before coming home.  I decided to try their new peach blueberry latte, iced.  Wow!  What a great flavor!I'll be back for more as the warmer weather heats things up.  This will be a great warm weather refresher!
2	My first Coffee Bean Experience.  Plain and simple, it's..... meh.First, the internet isn't free.  You have to purchase something for them to give you a code. That's not a huge deal, but come on.  It's WIFI.The house music is terrible.  Something about skin tight jeans and being blue da be a ba da dy. Bring head phones.  The drinks are average. It's a small seating area with a fair number of power outlets.
3	There's nothing very special about this coffee bean, but the service is always quick and the prices are always fair. The drive thru is a perk as is the outdoor seating that's available. Too bad the outdoor furniture isn't more comfortable. I'd probably visit more if it was. Also note, the sun sets into this location so it gets a little warm if you're near the windows. Shades would be nice. Still, it's a nice option to have in Summerlin.
4	Get the Belgian Waffle!!! It is delicious!! Also they have pretty, pretty, pretty good coffee and tea.
4	Love the cheddar jalapeno bagel with cream cheese and a large iced tea made with Chai Black tea- not a latte though!!I rarely stay in the store to enjoy my breakfast so I too dont mind the layout. Whenever I come in though- they are already making my drink!! He even remembers to give me an extra cup of ice!
3	I want to love this branch but I've had to ask for my drink to be remade one too many times. Let me explain...Let me be clear, I prefer coffee bean over Starbucks. The taste and technique are just better. But when it comes to consistency, this is one area Starbucks clearly wins. I'm only speaking for las Vegas branches. Being from socal originally I don't have a consistency problem there. During the summer months I order only one drink, iced chai latte. There are only two people at this branch that make it perfectly and one of them is the really sweet girl with glasses, hers are perfect! Everyone else...eh. It's either too watery or too much vanilla powder or too much bitter chai flavor or just plain unbalanced. I don't get it. Don't they have a formula to make it taste the same every time? I feel awful having to ask for it to be remade that I have to talk myself into it. I say to myself "If I'm paying 5 dollars for a drink, I should enjoy every sip of it." Anywhere I order a passion tea lemonade at a Starbucks it tastes exactly the same! Cmon coffee bean, I'm on your side here, let's keep it consistent. In my experience it's only been an issue with that one drink iced. When I get it hot it's fine. When I get other hot drinks, they're great. Ice blended drinks taste great every time. So it's quite frustrating to have this issue with my favorite drink!! That said service is overall friendly, wait is a little long at times. They never give attitude when I ask for my drink to be remade, so I thank them for that. Here's hoping that I will one day not have to ask for a new one -_-
4	I love coffee places,especially ones with drive thrus, but it's still a chain.Having said that, I will say that my teller was stellar, and the coffee I ordered (black forest blended iced coffee with whipped cream ;d) was great. Also the wait time was short. I was surely in and out of there.
4	Im not a big coffee drinker  but I love the chai blended ice. The staff its usually quite friendly!
5	I love this place!  Best staff in town!!!
3	Who doesn't love Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf?! I have been a fan since we moved here 7 years ago. I really like my usual black forest iced coffee. The only reason I am giving this store a 3star is because when I come here at 5pm on a Sunday night the drive thru service is so ssllooww!! Other than that it's all good., and yes, I will be back!
5	They are a nice different choice than the mainstream offers.  I had the No sugar added Non Fat Mocha Latte and a citrus muffin with a glazed topping, very flavorful muffin!  Try it for a change, and their staff very helpful and this location has a drive through!
4	Gotta love Coffee Bean! Their drinks are pretty much the same at all locations.  They were nice here and have a wide variety of food for sale.  This was the first Coffee Bean I've seen with a drive thru.
4	Regular customers who order chocolate powder for homemade mocha drink. I like the drive thru factor although the entrance is still confusing. I like the passion iced tea.
5	Great coffee, a little strong. The staff has always been nice, the place is always clean and very comforting to enjoy a cup of coffee
5	Always had great service here. Even in the drive through. They r always quick and courteous and remember you after only coming in a couple times.
4	They have good coffee here. I am just used to Starbucks coffee. I only stop here because it is right next to Costco. If I had to choose, Starbucks wins. This place will do though for a quick cup of coffee.
5	Love this place and I love the fact they remember me after a few times here.
5	Love their blended drinks! So much better than Starbucks. They are not Icey nor too sweet. The service is always great, and the pasteries are awesome too. The blended iced Chai Tea is a lil bit of heaven in a cup! Love thus place!
4	I found this location while visiting Costco. I didnt plan on getting coffee, but the line for the gas station was so long, I decided I had better get a drink so I didnt die while waiting. I found the staff very friendly and there was ample seating. I simply hung out on their patio until the gas line depleted in size... Then hoped in my car and  I didnt have to wait in like for 30 minutes thirsty :)
5	Great coffee and good food options.   They have 32 oz size as well.  Best customer service as well
5	I love that the Starbucks next to my house doesn't carry almond milk, BUT the Coffee Bean carries almond and coconut almond!! Yay!! And the staff couldn't be friendlier!
1	Forever boycotting this location. Franchise-owned, doesn't accept the CBTL app rewards, doesn't brew flavored coffee after 11am, and doesn't carry quiche anymore. After several bad experiences at this location, I'll never return.
5	Good coffee place...great cappuccino.  Hard to find in shopping center!  Located next to Distill bar/resto.  If u like Agave plants,  walk over to Distill and look at the beautiful agaves there while sipping ur coffee :)
4	Coffee at this place is always so good. Only thing that Id say is that it takes longer to wait for a drink here compared to Starbucks.
5	The service here is impeccable. There's a girl (I forgot her name) she was on her closing shift and did everything in her power to make us a drink. Even if everything was closed up. Her manager have her the ok and she made us our drink. Amazing! We tipped her well. She didn't have to considering we caught her just as she was locking up the door. People in customer service can learn a thing or two from her.I will definitely be back. The expression we had was great! Great location, great coffee and great service. What more can you ask for?
2	Love coffee bean. Product is always great but the cashier was completely rude. So it took me 10 seconds to decide what drink instead of 5. There's no line behind me, I don't appreciate the attitude.
4	Okay so, simply to compare with Starbucks is impossible in my opinion... At least overall as two well talked about coffee options because it really depends on what you want more. Coffee or tea?? Milk or lactose-free??AND A COMPARISON IS SO OVERDUE!SO, to compare...I had a simple, "small" iced vanilla latte... Only substitute... Milk for a lactose-free option (oh, and no whip). And a "large" iced green tea, NO sweetener. STARBUCKS sizes are a little easier to remember... Tall (12oz) grande (16oz), venti (20 oz)  and the trenta (30oz)...(only available for specific drinks), which carries over to the hot side of the house with the addition of a Short (8oz). COFFEE BEAN & TEA LEAF sizes differ between hot & cold as well as drink types. They have a small (16oz), large (24oz), & the child's small (12oz)...(not available for all drinks)... as well as the "off-the-menu" 32oz cup for certain drinks. The vanilla latte at STARBUCKS is made with syrup, has a stronger slightly burnt esspresso, and ordering the small you are getting 12oz (iced) with 3 pumps syrup. COFFEE BEAN uses a powder instead in their drinks for added flavor. Their vanilla latte has a smoother espresso, and ordering the small you are getting 16oz (iced) with 1 scoop powder. Although, slight differences... STARBUCKS offers sugar-free syrups, where COFFEE BEAN can only offer no-added sugar options, and when asked, "About how much sugar is in one scoop of powder??" -- "I really am not certain." was the answer I got. Furthermore, STARBUCKS only offers soy as a lactose-free option, which is okay if you are not also allergic to soy... But the COFFEE BEAN offers almond milk and coconut milk options! Then, on the flip side -- TEA...COFFEE BEAN has a much more extensive selection and all tea is loose leaf, where as STARBUCKS is limited to black or green at the moment. BUT, if you are used to STARBUCKS tea know you may not like the taste of the COFFEE BEAN teas, simply because they are more traditional. SO, in closing...The choice is yours, but for me,  I feel STARBUCKS wins on the vanilla latte because the coffee is stronger (however I do wish they had almond milk)...and the COFFEE BEAN wins on the green tea because I prefer infused traditional teas, and they have a wider variety overall. B
4	Free WiFi is great. Wonderful Hot chocolate too!
5	Starbucks who?! Absolutely love this place and this is the greatest location. I visit here often but this last time stood out to me because I had the pleasure of having Hailee as my barista. She is so knowledgeable on EVERYTHING and helped me find some new drinks to try instead of the same blah latte. I can't wait for my next visit here already- hopefully I will hit the barista jackpot again and get another delicious drink by Hailee!!
4	I've been a customer at this location for a long time. I've always had excellent service. They even give my dog a biscuit when I pop through the drive thru. I LOVE the fact that they offer dairy alternatives like almond milk. Starbucks could learn a thing or two from this franchise. Also, they have a small but nice patio with free wifi. I would have given 5 stars but sometimes the drive thru takes a very long time and a few times they messed up my drink order and I was already heading to work. Also, not as consistent as they always have been in years past with the dog treats. Sometimes they do, sometimes they don't. No biggie, as they have had a little turn over with staff and I'm sure they are doing the best they can. (On a side note this location is WAY better than the one on towncenter. I've had the worst tasting drinks from that location a few times.....but very friendly service.)
4	This past Saturday, my brother and I met up here before walking on the nearby Cottonwood Canyon Park Trail. With a location off Charleston Boulevard in the Best Buy and Cosco Shopping Center, near the 215 and downtown Summerlin; this Coffee Bean is a nice spot to meet up in Summerlin.   This Coffee Bean is small but cozy. There is a versatility of seating arrangements from a couch to a long table. The most surprising thing about this Coffee Bean is a Red Rock hills scene from the window. Recently in Yelp Talk, there was a discussion that asked what restaurant has a nice view of Red Rock Canyon (not the exact words). If I had known about the view to the left of Cosco with a clear vantage point of the Red Rock Hills to the northwest of Summerlin, I would of replied, "Coffee Bean at Charleston and Pavilion Center." I have a feeling that this window provides magnificent views of sundown over the Red Rock hills. I have a feeling that the small patio outside provides the exact views.   When I wasn't looking at the mountains and talking to my brother, I was taking advantage of the complimentary WiFi. I was doing as much drinking as looking. I ordered a drip coffee with white chocolate powder. For the record, I have never had a bad cup of coffee at a coffee bean. When it comes to coffee, I prefer to add flavor to it. Coffee Bean is unique in the sense that they use powders in lieu of syrups to add flavor to their coffee. Powder is an ingredient that is influential in Coffee Bean's success. I usually order the white mocha or chocolate powder with the drip coffee. It has never failed my taste buds.   This is a well managed Coffee Bean. Considering that it was hopping on this Sunday morning, the batistas were friendly and efficient. Talking Point: After seeing firsthand the effectiveness that Coffee Beans have in bringing together people in an attractive setting with delicious coffee, I am surprised that they have not opened a location in downtown Summerlin. With that said, before they build a coffee shop in Downtown Summerlin other than the tiny Starbuck's in Macy's, this is a nice spot to meet up beforehand.  When it comes to coffee shops, I am all over the Valley hanging out at the different ones. After writing about the view of a  sundown over the Red Rock Hills, I just might stop in here as it is getting dark before a visit to downtown Summerlin or Red Rock Resort.
