5	It is nice to have a clean restaurant with quality food and a good value in this neighborhood. Be sure to order garlic cheese bread, antipasto salad and the chicken pesto pizza! Yummy
5	Been here a couple times now since the change in ownership and name.  Good service, friendly staff, and I was actually surprised at how much I liked the pizza as I'm not usually a pizza kinda guy.  The stuffed peppers are nothing short of amazing.
1	I used to go to Italian Delights and was very disappointed when it closed down. So when the restaurant reopened I got very excited. My two sons and I ordered a calzone.  When they came, one of them was very small and looked different from the others. Not only the size but the dough had different color and texture. The waiter was surprised also but told me that each calzone was "stretched out differently". The bacon was raw and there were big chunks of it. My son ended up scraping it off the food. The waiter, again, offered a side of cooked bacon. We were almost done eating when I realize my wife was still waiting for her food. When I questioned the waiter about it, she said that she had forgotten to put her order in the computer.I will never go back. I miss the former owner, Tony.
5	i have been here on three occasions and have not had anything that wasn't very satisfying. My personal favorite is the chicken pesto pizza. If you like hand tossed thin crust Italian/East Coast style thin crust this is the place to go. On my most recent visit i had a calzone that was great so i think the previous reviewer might have just had bad luck and received a bad anomaly rather than the standard. The best part is the prices are very good. for the quality and quantity you get with each dish I've never been disappointed. Plus the fact my Nevada CCW permit gets me 10% off my bill makes it that much better:) I would definitely recommend to anyone in the area for lunch or to grab a pizza on the way home from work.
4	Great place, I have been there three times and the food has always been excellent. Only complaint I have is it did take what seemed like a long time to actually get my food.
5	I'm hella late with this review!The best way to my heart is through my daughter's smile and Goodfeallas Pizzeria knows how to make Alicia smile.Enough said, thanks for the laughs, when we visit from San Francisco, we'll be in again for sure!!!
3	Casual atmosphere...Family friendly...Attentive and friendly wait staff...Nice menu selection...Perfect (if not too big? Who hates good leftovers though) portion sizes...Well done, Good Fellas!My boy had Fettuccini Alfredo (which he devoured), my husband had the antipasto salad (I was jealous when it came to the table) and I had the eggplant parm. The bread used for the garlic toast was awesome. The eggplant has a nice light but crispy batter...like a beer batter.  The sauce on the parmigiana and heaping pile of angel hair pasta is really good. Nice amount of tomato and seasoning. Looking forward to our next visit and a calzone!
2	Closest Italian Restaurant near Nellis AFB. Food was bland and burnt--- My coworkers and I ordered chicken alfredo, garlic fries, eggplant parm and chicken parm, pasta e fagioli, and Calzone. The calzone had a burnt crust. Chicken alfredo was very bland, no flavor at all. Pasta E Fagioli taste like it came from a can... My eggplant and chicken parm was okay, nothing to jump for joy about. The best thing about our meal was our garlic bread that came with our pasta. I gave 2 stars because customer service, they were very friendly... Unfortunately, they left some information out, they DO NO deliver on base, ONLY to the VCC. So I tipped the delivery guy, even if it was a half ass delivery. I wouldn't order from here again. I'll drive to Olive Garden for some Italian food.
5	Ive been here multiple times, I read some reviews on here and cant help but laugh, this is one of the nicest places Ive been to on this side of town... BY FAR!!! Food blows olive garden right outta Italy!     A clean new building is always good, and thats just where the goodness starts!    As a new business in my, well "older" neighborhood I was excited to see Goodfellas open. A new business in a new strip mall in my area of Nellis AFB!  Personally I can not say one bad thing about this place! Maybe its the friendly staff maybe its the BOMB food! I dunno! I will suggest to my fellow Yelpers that you must try the sausage and peppers (anaheims i believe) this was my fav! All in all the food was amazing and the place is clean and friendly! All I can ask for! Highly recommend!
2	I had trouble choosing between 1 or 2 stars, but decided on the 2 because the pricing is very affordable. We came in on a Saturday, just before 6pm. It seemed to be fairly busy, so we didn't mind waiting for a little bit for a table. We were seated promptly, unfortunately for the couple behind us on the waiting list- another couple walked in and seated themselves at the available booth  that was being cleared for them. Staff didn't say anything and took their order while the other couple was left waiting. We invited the couple left waiting to be seated with us, and they obliged.Although hot tea was offered on the menu, I was told that they didn't have any available so I got an iced tea instead. We had ordered the garlic fries appetizer, which took almost a half hour to come out- longer than we would have liked. We also asked to have our dinner order held until the couple joining us had received theirs, we were served our meal 20 minutes before their pizza came. Drink refills were hard to come by. Waited a half hour, and asked 3-4 times for a check before it finally came. It took us 1.5 hours to have dinner here. Garlic Fries: they were okay. Hot and fresh, but not especially well seasoned. Mushroom Ravioli: Doughy, bland, Alfredo sauce was separating, lukewarm in temperature. Definitely a frozen ravioli product. Calzone: Completely burnt on the bottom, and pretty toasty on top as well. The filling was tasty, but the crust and sauce that it was served with looked pretty bad. PROS:Inexpensive, I think 16" pizzas rang in under $15.10% discount for LE, Military, CCW, and Open Carry guests.CONS:Poorly cooked calzones.Uses frozen/dry pastas.Wait staff incompetent. Long wait times on food.
1	This review is for the Pizza only...  In my honest opinion, this has to be the 2nd worst pizza i have ever had in my life... The first was at the business (ITALIAN DELIGHTS) that occupied this same spot 2 yrs ago...  Sadly the pizza hasnt changed... I wanted to order a fresh made to order large cheese... The girl behind the counter, said hey we have one ready... Turned out to be an OLD PIZZA, they put a little more cheese on it to make it look presentable... It was supposed to be 16 in large,, it was small.. First bite,, gawd awfull..  Tasted like an under cooked TOMBSTONE Frozen Pizza and the sauce was non existent... I chucked it, never again GoodFellas,, total FAIL in my opinion.  I hate giving 1 star to a business trying to make it in this economy..  Best of Luck,, I won't be back...
4	First of all, love that this is so close to where I live now (No.LV). Have eaten here a few times & have nothing but raves about the food! So far have had Eggplant Parm, Chicken Alfredo, & customized Calzones. They were so accommodating of special requests like when I asked for fresh basil leaves baked into the calzone, oh yeah!I'm sorry about those other folks who had less-than-satisfactory experiences. Mine were all good. So, as long as I live in the area, I shall be eating here where the food is good, prices are reasonable, the people are friendly, the place is clean, and there's no "wet dog" smell! :-)Sorry to hear it closed -- in its place is a home-style Mexican food place, pretty decent.
3	Goodfellas is mediocre pizza.  A step up from the large chains, but far from the good mom and pop pizza places around town.  I ordered the Chicken Alfredo specialty pizza, 16 inch for $18.  I would have to say that this particular pizza isn't worth the price.  Stay with the non-specialty pizzas.The pizza dough was light and soft, but didn't have much flavor.  The cheese also wasn't the worst moz I have had, but definitely isn't the best.  The diced chicken was cooked from pre-prepared frozen diced chicken.  The alfredo sauce wasn't too salty, which was good, but was also more or less mediocre.  I jumped a star for service.  The waitress was friendly and made some small talk when she checked up on me.  Unfortunately, I can't see myself going back when one of the best pizza places in the valley is just a couple of blocks west.
1	No longer at this location... no other information is given on their website. Was looking forward to try it out.
