4	This Petco is now open.  I came here a few hours after they opened and I was greeted by a sales associate, Matt, who asked if I needed help.  I was there to get a new cat scratching post to replace the one my little girl has pretty well destroyed and Petco has the kind she likes.Matt walked me to the area and then left me to make my choice.  I checked out eh cat food while there and I got some for the queen of our house.At checkout, Matt continued his pleasant, helpful manner and I was out the door in no time at all.  There were only a few customers because the location is so new.  Customer service was great!  Perhaps it won't be able to be this personal when they're busier, but they wowed me!Grand opening is this Saturday and Sunday, 9/6 and 9/7.I'm glad they're in the neighborhood.  It gives me another choice for pet supplies.
4	Nice new location. For some reason, the layout and/or the design make the store feel more boutique as opposed to Petco chain.I stopped by for the grand opening because they were handing out $10 gift cards and little gift bags. We also had a 20% off coupon from the mail that was only good this weekend. This combined for some nice savings today.Otherwise, it's another Petco. If it's the closest one to you, then it's the best one for you!
5	I really like this store, and the location. The employees are extremely friendly, always with a smile. They have a great selection of pets, including fish, reptiles and birds. We always get their grain free cat food, and have noticed that our cat's coats are very shiny and healthy looking.
2	Very disappointed in this store. Just when I was excited that a Petco was opening across the street, my hopes were immediately crushed once I visited. Although it is a nic store, it was initially hard to locate the items I needed. It started off on a bad not when I entered at about 8pm and wasn't souch as greeted or asked if I needed help locating anything. Myself and another patron both assisted each other in locating the items we needed but after having to search without store help for almost a half hour, we both left empty handed. I gave two stares because the store was beautifully set up and they had ferrets which I adore. I will continue to visit Petsmart on Ft Apache in the future.
3	This is a nice new Petco location. It's clean and organized, but I found it a little difficult to locate items I was looking for as their inventory seemed a little sparse. Excellent parking and location, though.
5	Amazing staff I got there five minutes after they closed the doors were locked but I really needed dog food for my new puppy and they let me in even after they were closed and ready to go home I highly recommend this Petco
5	I was out running errands with the wife and kid today and needed to pick up dog and cat food for my furkids.  My cats are extremely picky with what they eat and I was bummed out to see the one food they do eat was not on the shelf.  Megan (sorry if I spelled your name wrong) informed us the shipments come in today which was why the shelves were not stocked.  She went to the back and searched for the cat food my cats love and made my day.  Every time I come here the service is great and the store is clean.  :) thanks for your help Megan.
