4	Seeing the Dale Chihuly glass art and paintings on exhibit (and for sale) at this gallery (located in the new City Center) was one of the highlights of our recent trip to Las Vegas.  A gallery agent named Mary was particularly helpful and knowledgable about the exhibit.  Items displayed included glass chandeliers, sculptures, bowls and columns as well as drawings and something we had not seen in Chihuly exhibits before, an acrylic on plexiglas that was lit from behind for a remarkable impact.   We've seen larger collections of Chihuly's work and installations in more amazing settings, as in the Desert Botanical Garden in AZ a couple of years ago and, of course, the ceiliing of the Bellagio lobby. But the display here seemed unique for how "up close" one could get to the art.  Now if we could only afford to buy one of the talented Mr.Chihuly's creations!  Hmmm..we wonder how those blackjack tables work???
4	Although not as aesthetically pleasing as seeing his work in a museum or conservatory setting, it's nice to get up close and personal to Chihuly. Wish I could justify spending 6 grand or so on a glass sculpture.
4	if you love glass, you probably love chihuly.  unless you're some new breed of snob that i've not yet encountered.this gallery is so much fun!  the hostess is friendly and incredibly informative.  she also encourages you to take pictures!  it's a nice, intimate space for you to feel like a bull in a mortgage-park-place-if-you-slip-and-fall china shop.  there are some very cool works in here, including some of his paintings (a couple of which are backlit and very cool).as far as i know, there are only two chihuly retail stores.  you should definitely make time to walk through here if you're taking a trip to vegas!
4	One day I will own some Chihuly art. Until then I will keep visiting this gallery. The lady working there was very knowledgeable and showed me around with no pressure even knowing I had no intention to buy anything.The gallery is fairly large and you can get up and close and see all the works. The lighting and atmosphere is great.The full selection of Chihuly books and movies is available for purchase. And apparently Chihuly himself stops by once in a while.  The works also change frequently so there is always something current to see.
5	If you have ever been to the Bellagio Hotel in Las Vegas you are already familiar with Dale Chihuly's work.  His famous contemporary glass sculpture, representative of flowers in bloom, hangs from the ceiling as you walk in the main entrance of the hotel.       The Gallery is located on Gallery Row, which is located between the Aria Hotel and the Mandarin Oriental Hotel in the CityCenter complex in Las Vegas, Nevada.  For those of you not familiar with the CityCenter complex, it is a large development comprised of the Crystal Place shopping mall, Mandarin Oriental Hotel and the Aria Hotel & Casino.      A mind-blowing exhibition of Dale Chihuly is currently on view at The Gallery.  My favorite piece was Chihuly's "Lime Green Icicle Tower."  It is a good thing the gallery is over 4000 square feet because this piece was massive!  The other works in the gallery vary in size and there are even a few paintings and a few prints.  The art in the gallery was for sale and ranged from $6000 all the way up to $400,000.The entire Gallery Row is comprised of three galleries and is well worth checking out.  Best of all, it is free!
5	Yelp 100 Challenge * 4/100I still get mind-blown by Dale Chihuly's glass art deco at the Bellagio that hangs above the hotel lobby's ceiling upon entrance, an extravagant welcome (and topper) after any experience at the fountains that still leaves me smiling today. And to actually step foot in one of his galleries felt almost surreal. This was the first in line to a series of galleries at Crystals place at City Center. As we got in, my friends and I were greeted with a nice, warm welcome by art consultants, Terri and Bravo, who were both very accomodating and ready to answer any questions we might've had. Terri introduced us to the acrylic lithographs that started at about $2000 and were considered the cheapest art pieces in the gallery while the cheapest glass sculpture was priced at about $4500. Shaped to perfection and precise geometry, I would argue that despite the price, it's well worth it. Besides the utterly expensive professional pieces, be mindful that there are other products available for purchase such as books, DVDs and even Chihuly art kits for souvenirs that are within the 2-digit price range so be sure to look into those as well. As we were about to leave, Terri handed us a catalog filled with amazing Chihuly's artwork. I'm particularly attracted to the Cerulean Macchia, a cute and colorful glass sculpture that brings about so much beauty, pretty sure it'd brighten any room.
4	Located on the south end of the ARIA, this gallery is currently hosting a Dale Chihuly exhibit. It's well worth the visit, and I was even tempted to buy a DVD after watching Dale and his crew spin (literally) their magic on the flat screens around the gallery.
5	This place is incredible. The art work was beautiful. I was helped by a gentleman named "bravo". He walked me through the gallery and took time explaining things to me. He is a first class expert. If you ever go there make sure you ask for him. He is bilingual as well. Loved my expletive there.
4	The Gallery is a must stop for me once a year.  I'm a big fan of Dale Chihuly.  The glass art is incredible.
5	Dedicated to all things Chihuly, The Gallery is a sight to behold!All kinds of Chihuly glass from chandeliers, exquisite table sculptures, foyer sculptures, & bowls - ranging from small to gargantuanThe colors in these glassworks are absolutely amazing & the light refracts in such unique ways that it's like you're getting a different sculpture from every angle.This shop in particular also boasts some sculptures that are only found at that 1 store - so you won't see them anywhere elsePrice tags are what one might expect from such a famous artist & his team.  I think the small bowl we were looking at was something like $5500 and the next fav of ours - a double bowl sculpture - was something like $9800......a true collector's dream!But if your interest lies more in the learning & appreciation arena, there are also these really cool light-changing lithographs, DVDs, & books telling all about Chihuly's works & various exhibits......in fact, they have a video always running that showcases 1 of the Chihuly DVDs so you can see the glass being made, learn about the artist & get wowed ( like that's hard to do! )The woman who assisted us both times we were in this shop was attentive w/out hovering.  She gladly offered us info about the pieces we were looking at but there was no sales pressure at all.  If we ever decide to take the plunge & bring home 1 of these little beauties, we would make a point to purchase our lovely from this specific shop & seek this specific salesperson outBut no matter what, if you appreciate Chihuly & the lovely glassworks, this is a place to check out!
