3	Was in the area since a friend lives down here and we decided to try this little ice cream place I've never noticed before. They serve ice cream and gelato varieties here and even have some sugar free options. Their ice cream they include mix ins that they hand knead in on a cold stone slab. The BF got vanilla ice cream with brownies and it was pretty good flavor and texture. My pistachio had decent flavor but the nuts were chopped almonds and not pistachios. There were some ice chunks as I ate it so consistency can be improved.They were friendly in there and let us try samples.Probably stick with the ice cream unless they improve the airiness of the gelato.
5	The place is very clean, decent and very spacious and colorful. There's an area for kids with lots of toys and books, which I thought was pretty neat. It's very family-friendly environment. Anyways, there were many ice cream creations in the menu to choose from. You could also create your own. I pretty much had a sample of all the gelatos and ice creams. lol. They were super yummy especially the ferrero rocher! I ordered the red velvet waffle sundae. And OMG! It was suuppper good! The portion was pretty big and it's around $6. It's pretty cheap compare to the ones you buy on the strip. This place gives a pretty big scoop of gelato/ice cream which is ALWAYS a good thing. I love places that are not stingy. lol. Recently they started selling boba drinks!! Which is very convenient for me 'cause I don't have to drive to chinatown for those! lol. Overall, I really like this place and i've been coming here a lot lately specially in this hot weather.
4	I'm hooked on cookies and cream. They make their ice cream fresh everyday according to the owner... It can taste the freshness... I like the little play area. I have a 1 year old and it keeps her occupied. People there are friendly and I would come back again.
4	Homemade ice cream and gelato? Yes, please! Mixers has a variety of delicious flavors and the employees are really friendly. One employee offered free samples and suggested flavors. I got a small size and they fit in 3 scoops and a mix in (candy such as gummy bars, chocolate bars etc).Will definitely come back
5	I visit this place a few years back, didn't enjoy it much.Much recently, my boyfriend wanted to try it out so I gave it another shot. It was really good!! Found out its under new management as of 4 years ago. Great friendly service that's engaging with customers and how can I forget the wide varieties of delicious ice cream and gelato. My favorites the Ghiradelli Chocolate!
4	I was impressed by how many flavors of ice cream and gelato they offer.  And they're all homemade to boot!  They also have a large variety of toppings that can be mixed in a la Coldstone.  The friendly staff gave us quite a few flavors to sample and all the usual flavors were done well.  I felt obligated to get something I had never had before so I went with the taro ice cream with a vanilla wafer mixed in.  I've always felt the taro flavor tastes close to the cream of an Oreo so it was terrific.There were quite a few customers purchasing their own custom mixes in the largest size to go.  I assume this was to have some for later or maybe they were too embarrassed to gorge the whole thing in public since the biggest size is really large.  They also offer cookies, boba, pies, crepes and now shaved ice so they're really aiming for it all.  I'd go here any day over the chain ice cream shops.
4	I've never been a fan of chocolate ice cream but their Ghiradelli Chocolate ice cream is amazing! Goes great with their coffee ice cream too!They have a huge selection of fresh, hand-made, ice creams, gelatos, sorbets and Shaved Snow.  If you don't know what Shaved Snow is, you gotta try it. It's big here in LA.  It's basically like soft fluffy frozen ice cream that looks like crayon shavings. Sounds weird but it's soo good! P.S. And they have really competitive prices!
5	Great family owned business. Recently got new owners who are humble and sweet. Great customer service and amazing ice cream and gelato! Such a large selection as well! Love this place!
5	Wow! Amazing ice cream. It's hard to find a place that makes their own ice cream let alone be delicious. It's like cold stone but family owned and better.
5	Oh thank God Mixers reopened! The newly remodeled Mixers is a lot more colorful and fun. They now have a wide variety of ice cream, gelato, and sorbet. Everything is delicious! I prefer Mixers over Cold Stone Creamery and other such places because the ice cream is quality without the overstuffed, ultra rich, too heavy feel. Well, at least that's what I like to think. The staff is friendly and welcoming, and they're not too stingy about their chocolate syrup.  Awesome!
5	Saw that they had a Groupon so we decided to try it. This place is definitely worth trying! The staff is super friendly and the portions are huge! We tried the Brownie Sundae and the Banana Split Sundae. Both were really good. Couldn't eat all the brownies though, they gave more than enough. The ice cream was perfect! On our next visit we got the waffle sundae and the churro one. The waffle is served warm and soft. Goes well with the ice cream. I ate it with chocolate ice cream. The churro ice cream was delicious. The churros were a bit hard to chew but it was still really good.
4	Places was pretty cool. Seems like a moma and poppa place. The girls were friendly and my daughter loved the selection. The only thing missing was bacon but I didn't ask. Delicious ice cream!!!
5	I was just there for the second time today as I did buy Groupons to there and I am glad I did. The flavor selection is great, including the sugar free options for diabetic people like myself. The lady that helped me both times, who I believe is the owner is super nice. I had sugar free salted caramel with sugar free shortbread mixed in, it was fantastic. My boys loved their ice cream too. I am happy now that I have a place I can enjoy with my boys rather than watch them eat. I am looking forward to the day they have sugar free tiramisu gelato. Oh and by the way, they make all the gelatos and sorbets in house. Please go and enjoy!!!
5	I never would have found or tried this place without a Groupon, but you Yelper's convinced me to give it a go.  I give it the 5 stars because - the proprietor was so friendly and efficient; the portions are generous, the place was quite clean, the variety was huge; the flavor of the coffee, chocolate and strawberry we had was very good.   I'd say even without the Groupon discount, if I had a urge for a frozen treat this would be a place I'd go.
4	This place doesn't look great unlike most gelato or ice cream places I've seen. Although you'll be surprised on how many and how great their gelatos are. There's so much flavor to choose from like red velvet, taro, and Thai tea. Most importantly is they taste amazing. This is definitely my "go to" place for dessert now especially they're so close to where I live.
5	Omg I wish we have a place like this in Kansas!  Absolutely love the gelato and shaved ice!
4	I came back recently and was more impressed by Mixers on my second visit. They have opened their Mr and Mrs Potato counter offering fries of all varieties along with toppings. They have tots, fries, waffle and curly as well as sweet potato tots and sweet potato waffle fries. For toppings they have 15 different options. We couldn't resist. I guess this is a separate business within Mixers since we had to pay separately for both purchases at each register. The fries were fresh and tasty. So many options, both sweet and savory made our decision hard.We also got some ice cream and gelato. They let you sample as many of the flavors as you like before deciding on an order which I like. I have yet to try any mix-ins yet bit it's a nice idea. I stuck with gelato as I was less than impressed with their boba on my last visit. They have custom milkshakes, waffles and cakes topped with ice cream so there is definitely something for everyone. The gelatos are my favorite. Great flavors, lots of variety and the textures are solid. Just stay away from the boba.  My friend and I stayed quite a while talking and enjoying our ice cream. A nice option for dessert on the West side.
5	Call me a sucker for... 1. Warm chocolate baked stuff with ozzy insides, vanilla ice cream, and whipped cream. The Chocolate Lava Cake.2. Friendly service welcoming and thanking you for being a customer.3. Small establishments that been around for a long time.  Surprisingly they've been around for at least a decade, I thought they were new. 4. Variety. They have gelato, ice cream, churro, shakes, sundae, hot and cold drinks, waffle w/ ice cream, pineapple upside down cake w/ ice cream,  brownies w/ ice cream, shaved snow, boba, ice cream cakes. And because of the business they share the same room fried food like wings and potatoes but they're technically another business since you pay separately. Their gelatos and ice creams aren't up in the quality as AOF but none really are. They have variety chocolate mint, vanilla,  taro, black sesame, red velvet etc. And they also have an assortment of topping.Mixers is located in the same parking lot as Taco Bell next to I believe a barber shop.I wouldn't have known it was here if it wasn't for that Groupon but would be back even without a Groupon. Definitely want to go back for more lava cake or maybe brownies with ice cream. They just remodeled, got rid of play area and added that fried food in place. It was clean, has a TV and music playing, and pretty reasonably priced.
4	Love the unique flavors of ice cream and gelatos. Remind me of those early childhood days in typical Asian household. Flavors of avocado, jackfruit, red bean in ice cream. Yum yum yumTasty fries. Chicken was served a bit too dry. Will be back definitely.
5	Delicious and exotic flavors!! I had the Avocado and Amaretto gelato. It was extremely creamy!
5	Delicious and exotic flavors!! I had the amaretto and avocado flavor. It was super creamy! I love that they have so much to choose from. They also have really good toppings. Next time I really want to try their shaved ice.
3	Ice cream lovers rejoice!! This ice cream shop has just about every flavor you could imagine including asian delicacies. And for the shaved ice lovers theres something for you as well. For people who want sugar in carb form they also have mr & mrs potato fries topped with flavor of your choice. And now on to their ice cream. I honestly think I have bad luck because all the samples I tried, I did not like. I was very excited to try the thai tea but was disappointed when it tasted just like sugar. No thai tea flavor at all =( I also tried their black sesame, but noted that there was only a light sesame flavor. If I never went to Perfect Scoop, I would think this place was excellent, but I can't seem to stop comparing the two and honestly, the other place wins. Service was excellent. The place was a little busy so I felt bad if I kept asking for samples but the workers gladly gave us samples. Maybe I'll give them another shot next time or try their other products.
5	Best ice cream shop ever! So happy that it's so close to my house! Me and my husband have been going to Mixers since High School! I was so sad to hear that at one point it was close to closing! They have added a lot of new things that I'm excited to taste! Their homemade ice cream is awesome!
5	Great little place!  Love the cleanliness and it reminds me of an old time soda shop.  Huge selection and it's really good.
4	I come here for three reasons: 1. My roomies are always hungry. 2. My roomies are always drunk and want ice cream. 3. They have good ice cream/gelato/boba/smoothie. EVERYTHING.I really don't know where to start as far as for flavor. They have everything and they always have something new. You can go back as much as you want and they won't have the flavor you had yesterday but something new will replace it.Ice Cream: First try, I had a medium. OMG Too much. Second time, a small. Still A LOT. Third time, I got the kid's small. Two scoops. Perfect for me. For the adult size, you can have 1 or 2 mix in (depending on the size). Mix ins varies and there are a lot of choices!Boba: I'm a true fan of boba. But their best ones are the fruit smoothie bobas!I would defo come back here. Especially on a very hot Vegas summer day.
5	I've been going here since it first opened up. The ice cream was always great, the owner was very friendly. I was very skeptical about the place changing owners. But wow did they step it up! I am loving the new Asian inspired flavors! Green tea, black sesame, and lychee are all worth trying. I also like how they have mochi and all these different types of candy for sale. To top it all off, they sell fries and wings now! I think the majority of us can agree that fries with ice cream. Is a guilty pleasure combination. You cannot go wrong with sweet and salty. Just to think they can't get better, they have gelato. They are going the extra mile here. Very worth stopping by and trying it at least once.
5	We tried their wings. After hearing my husband complain for 8 minutes that "ice cream places can't make wings" I was redeemed. Just to see him eat his words is worth 10 stars. He really liked them, not greasy at all, taste like the ones I make at home. Will be back.My husband said I got lucky, "no- I replied- I got yelp."
5	Best boba in town. Friendly fast service. I've tried a few "boba" places in town and nothing comes close. Huge selection of ice cream and gelato. Milk shakes and sundaes. They even have waffle sundaes. Nom nom nom
4	I have been looking for a good ice cream and boba spot ever since Perfect Scoop started sucking big ones. Looks like the solution is here! All the things that make an ice cream shop great are present and accounted for.1. They make everything in-house.2. Service is nice!3. A huge variety of flavors, although not necessary. Still nice to see things like taro, black sesame, and Rocher.4. They have boba.5. They can spice up your ice cream with waffles - regular and red velvet!6. They even make their own waffle cones. Pretty easy but cool.7. Stamp cards.8. I'm not sure if this is a plus or not since I haven't tried them but they have egg rolls and other snacks in case you're hungry for something greasy.I got a triple scoop waffle bowl with stracciatella, "Rocher" (yes the golden foil-wrapped chocolates), and Reese's PB cup flavor. The stracciatella was delicious, the Rocher really tasted just like a Rocher! Imagine my surprise. Reese's was a really nice peanut butter flavor with chocolate bits. I really liked all of them! It was all washed down with a Thai tea boba. Boba was good, though I prefer it firmer. It was a little bit away from mushy. Thai tea itself was fine.If there was anything I didn't like it was the sweetness of the ice cream itself. It was a bit too much for me but I bet most people will be ok with it. Also, I think vegan flavors would be awesome (that aren't just sorbets) since so many people are lactose intolerant! Myself included. It's a tough product to make well, though.I'd be back! I'm thinking about getting the taro flavor right now...
5	A great family-owned business in Spring valley that makes their own ice cream, gelato and sorbet. The creme brulee was subtley sweet while the tiramisu gelato had a pronounced coffee and liquor flavor. Both satisfyingly rich, smooth, and creamy. The double scoop here is also cheaper than at Art of Flavors. Both are great, in my opinion. My kid loved the fruit punch flavor with a couple mix-ins. It tasted just like the drink, but I found the sweetness to be somewhat overbearing. There are plenty of non-traditional flavors like black sesame and taro. They also have hot food like wings and chicken tenders.
4	Sweet fix needed! Found Mixers on yelp when finishing dinner at Chinatown so I rushed over just before they closed. Located in a strip center and west of the LV strip - Mixers offers of large variety of ice cream, gelato and drinks. The difficult part is selecting a choice here!I tasted several flavors but ended up going with the Stracciatella Gelato which was delicious. At $4.00 a cup I receive several generous scoops of the yummy gelato. The service here by the several young gals was friendly and prompt. I'm glad I arrived before they closed BC they locked the door and another patron was turned away!Coming back here for sure!
5	Mixers Ice Cream is AMAZING and the lady working was too sweet. The have a huge selection of ice creams and sorbets. They are not your average flavors either. They have flavors like Ferrero Rocher and Guava! If you are ever in the area, do NOT think twice about stopping in. It is somewhat "hidden" in a plaza so keep your eyes open!
5	I found this place on Yelp and am glad I did. I was looking for a boba place nearby without having to go to Chinatown. When I walked in, I was surprised to find much more than just drinks. They offer ice cream and food items as well.The owner and younger female employee were both so friendly and helpful. They recommended restaurants and other food places to us since we are not from Vegas.Within our group, we ordered a fresh mango smoothie, a thai tea, a green milk tea, and some gelato. They were all delicious and the service was so wonderful. This will be my go-to place for desserts whenever I am in Vegas.
5	I'm so super ecstatic to find this new GEM! In the first place we love going to mom&pop shops! 2nd AMAZING customer service, so warm, friendly, and inviting! This place is like a 1 stop shop!  The hubby had the banana split with hazelnut gelato, strawberry cheesecake, pistachio with all the works= AWESOME! My cousin and I shared a chocolate waffle with tiramisu & ferrero rocher with mixed nuts! Got to go orders for the kiddies & ba ngoai! Pure bliss!  Thank you so much for all the wonderful spoon tasters! We will definitely be returning with friends & family!
5	Wow homemade ice cream cakes too, love this place, they are super friendly!
5	Think Coldstone but way, WAY better ice cream, cheaper prices, and WAY more ingredients!!
4	This is my favorite ice cream place! Their ice cream is delicious and all their flavors are unique. However the reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the new, younger employees are more stingy with their ice cream. When I first started coming here, this super nice lady (the owner I think?) would stuff the cups to the fullest! I mean their portions are still super generous, but with ice cream this good, obviously more is better!
5	Great mix in ice cream. Awesome staff. Great jasmine milk tea,  they didnt burn it like a lot of places do.
5	Amazing, delicious! Everything is homemade. Friendly helpful staff. Clean! Can't wait to come back.
5	After trying this place out for the first time a few weeks ago I find myself craving their ice cream and gelato! The service was friendly, and they let everyone in our group sample as many flavors as we wanted. There are tons of flavors to choose from, and it's a little overwhelming but I finally settled on coconut and the Ferrero Rocher flavor. You can purchase their goodies "by the scoop" or "mixers style". The small sized "mixers style" allows you to get up to 4 flavors in one serving, so it's perfect if you are indecisive and want to try it all. They also have a punch card, so pick one up and make this place your go-to dessert place to beat the brutal Vegas summer heat.
5	Craving ice cream? It's off the beaten path but worth the drive. They have so many flavors from ice cream to Gelato to sorbet. Hard to decide because we tasted many and all were good. My favorite is the durian...yes durian. You have to ask for it as it is kept in the back because of the aroma.  Be daring and try it!
5	This place is tucked in behind taco bell in a small strip mall.  I've been to the taco bell and jack in the box many many times.  I have never noticed Mixers.  My coworker introduced me to this place last week.  When I saw where it was, I was dumbfounded.  How did I not know this place was there?  They have been in the same location for 15 years!!!Went with a large group.  Most of us had never been and were asking to try a bunch of flavors.  Everyone was so kind and helpful and patient.  They let us try all we wanted to our hearts content.  So thankful for the excellent customer service.Ordered a "small" which includes 1 topping mixed in (same as cold stone creamery does).  The "small" isn't small at all.  I would say it was about a pint of ice cream!!  Got to choose up to 3 flavors.  I had taro, thai tea, and green tea.  The green tea wasn't as good as other places.  The thai tea tasted exactly like the drink!  So delicious.  The taro was bomb dot com!!!  So tasty.  Instant top 3 of all-time in my book.  I've also had the stracciatella, jack fruit, and lychee.  All are delicious.  They have a variety of sorbet, gelato, and ice cream all made in house.  I think i will have to visit 10 times just to try all the different flavors.  I'm not sure exactly how many flavors they had, but it is easily more than 20.  They also have other treats such as boba, flavored fries, tenders, smoothies, shakes, etc.  Just go and see for yourself all the decadent treats that are available.  You won't be disappointed.
5	This place is definitely  a gem hidden way off the strip.  But is worth the drive if you want some good gelato or bubble tea (boba).  Everything is made in house with almost close to 30 different flavors.  The family-owned business which seems like a rarity in Vegas.  Great place to take the kids and away from the crowds.  We had the pistachio and the stratticato and the taro boba tea.. Another great flavor is the tiramisu.
5	me and my daughter stumbled upon this place waiting for my son to get off work , we googled a boba place and this was the closest one , we were hesitant because we have our favorite place in china town and are very loyal . we go in and I have to say I LOVE THIS PLACE , not only is it great tea and ice cream but the people were SO friendly , offered us so many samples of anything we wanted to try , cheaper than any boba place I have ever been too , it is totally out of our way from where we live but I can tell you that we will be going there alot now , I am super excited to get the wings and the flavored fries oh and the ice cream cake !!!!
5	Great selection of homemade ice cream (including asian flavors), gelato, sorbet, boba drinks, desserts, and sweet & savory snacks.  Prices are reasonable. Store is clean. Owner & staff are friendly.
5	They have a great selection here- icecream sorbet Gelato etc.  They have my favorite cold stone flavor (cakebatter) and the prices and service are better here !
5	I found this while looking for boba by my house without having to go all the way to Chinatown for $7 boba. I love this place so much! I've been here at least 18 times in the past 2 months. I just got addicted to their ice cream and milkshakes. I love that they have a great variety of ice cream flavors like Nutella, horchata, and nutella. I've yet to try their floats, their fries, or their cakes, but I've already got my usuals. It's a cute place with super nice staff too :) I just wished they stayed open later
5	I love this place - friendly staff and wonderful array of flavors available and really good mix-ins. I will be visiting this place again very soon!!!
5	Super tiny shop but super glad I found it because now I can come by because I'm in the rainbow area so often!We walked in and were immediately greeted I believe. The owner was there and another girl was working. I was shocked by the extensive menu. Boba, ice cream, gelato, snacks, ADD-ONs to your ice cream, wow. It's like a cold stone creamery that offers boba and snacks, but it's a local joint haha Bun and I got ice cream - Taro, White Choco Raspberry, and Stracciatella. All were nomz, but I agree with fellow Yelpers where parts of the ice cream, you would bite into a piece of ice but that's a minor thing to me. You can also sample as many flavors as you'd like with no problem. The owner was really sweet and when she needed to head to the back, she notified me who can assist me when I'm readyBun and I got curly fries with Cajun and tots with Garlic Parmesan too. Bun ate everything haha but I would get the curly fries again since they're my favorite but the tots are a bit too oily for me overall as a snack but it wasn't bad.Lastly, I got Boba milk tea. It wasn't bad and it's homemade as well. Here's where your preferences come in - for me, I see this as a local boba shop. I've been to many in Las Vegas area, and coming from SanFran, I would say this place is by far the best local MT you could find - flavor was there, ice level was fab and boba was ok (a little firmer is my preference but again, small thing) totally beats No.1 Boba and Perfect Scoop for MT any day.I'll definitely be back and can't wait to show take others here. 4.5 stars rounded up for this local shop!
5	Love this place!  Barbecue fries and Garlic Parmesan fries, ice cream and boba. Sooo good!!
5	The variety of choices you can choose from are amazingly delicious! My favorite items are the Garlic Parmesan fries and the coffee ice cream with mixed nuts
3	Surprisingly decent boba outside of Chinatown, plus several picks of ice cream, and various snack foods also available. Interior setup is reminiscent of an independent Baskin Robins and staff is friendly.Thai Tea with boba is one of their featured boba drinks, and a steal at $3. The taro and black sesame flavors, in that order, are my favorites- I prefer the unusual flavors rather than typical takes on chocolate and vanilla, though they do have a killer Nutella.Bonus points for a 10% off Yelp check-in discount!
1	I hated the fact the texture of the gelato was so sticky and thick. I felt naucious and got a stomach ache from it. I feel like they put way too much sugar in their icecream creating such inconsistent texture. I'm going to baskin Robbins next time.
4	I really enjoy the ice cream,not 2 sweet.....this is the first choice 4 me 2 pick....so damn gd.....
