4	Judging from the logo on the website, I can only venture a guess that the name of  this bar comes from some sort of insult you'd hurl at a referee making a bad call during a football game.  I do need to ask the owners for a backstory. One of them, Karsten, is the brother of my sister-in-law so it shouldn't be too hard to solve this riddle.You'll need both eyes (well, OK maybe just one) if you want to take in all of the action happening on the televisions playing every imaginable sporting event (including Pay per View) on any given weekend. They have no less than 18 HDTVs for you to choose from, six of which are stacked in the corner to the right when you walk in. Glorious! Want to shoot some pool? You're in the right place.This isn't your average sports bar, as they offer a full menu of burgers, sandwiches, wraps, fries (not just fries... ranch fries) and several varieties of wings, including the daunting "nuclear" variety. Try the Shawn Burger (named after a creation of Karsten's father). You won't need to worry about adding ketchup, mustard and onions to it. It's already mixed in the patty and grilled inside the burger. Don't want a burger? There are several salads to choose from as well. Beer? Yeah! A multitude of beer on tap to choose from. Very spacious inside with plenty of room for you and your football-loving buddies. Karaoke is offered every Wednesday night. Want to hear the pros sing instead? Live bands perform every Friday night. Most every night, there is a special on one of the varieties of beer. Thursday nights would be my choice for the night to go: $2.50 Guinness.Two Glass Eyes has only been open for a few months, so go check them out before they get too busy and be sure to take some friends.
4	$1.50 pints of Bud on Tuesday night.  To some folks, the review could most likely end there.  And Curtis did such a great job in his first description, let me just try to add a smidge more.It's much larger than his initial pictures would indicate.  Great big open spaces.  Well, at least when I was there.  On a sports night I can see the place filling pretty quickly.  The pool tables were definitely popular while we were there - but aren't they in most spots?The folks were all super friendly too - which is oh so important in a neighborhood hang out.  And they have all the standard neighborhood hang out kind of events.  Texas Hold 'em on Wed, Thurs, and Sat, Karaoke on Tuesday and free Live music every Friday.  I even saw some sign about special stuff for days they show Nascar races.  Not my thing - but if it's yours, you can drive somewhere to watch a TV where people are driving around and around and around - and know that you'll be doing it with at least a few other like minded folks.
1	This place is no longer in business... (at least, not at this location)
