5	This place is a hoot and a half! I give it 5 stars for entertainment value!!!I am convinced that this casino is actually a triple wide trailer connected by a couple of doorways. They have lots of mirrors on the walls to make it seem bigger. This is a place for locals...and by locals I mean people from the trailer park behind the casino and patients from the convalescent hospital/senior center nearby. Seriously a place for and by the "tattooed and toothless." Go on Sunday and watch the Dummkopf's, a band that defies explanation. You can read about them at http://www.vegaslistings.com/homepages/dummkopf/. If you have some spare time in Vegas check out Skyline for a unique experience.
4	Visited Henderson this weekend and stopped by Skyline to  get some lunch. It's a locals casino most of them have canes and/or oxygen tanks. The cafe seemed pretty clean. My wife had the prime rib and I had all you can eat fried shrimp. The prime rib was a good size cut, my wife couldn't finish it all so I ended up eating 1/4 of it. Good flavor and not too much fat. The shrimp were big and cooked just right. Only complaints the bread didn't seem that fresh and the coleslaw had too much celery seed. Bill came out to less than $25.
4	We finally went here to check out the comic German Bavarian band, The Dummkopfs.  We had a blast. Sure, grey hair was the color of choice of most of the cleintele and those watching the band also. But, watching couples dancing to this band is one of my ideas of a fun time! They currently play most Sundays from 2-5:30 pm and Thursdays from 2-4 pm.Go, have fun ,enjoy!
5	It's the convalescent home of casinos I must say. However it's one of my favorite places to gamble. It's quiet, has loose slots and you can do the dolce doo every two hours. What more could you ask for?!
3	My parents called to ask me if I wanted to eat here with them. I had heard the burger was good so I thought I would give it a try. It's not far from my house so I figured there wasn't much to lose.Casino - Dingy dingy dingy. Yeah, what can you expect from these old casinos? They are dark, RRREEEEKKKKKKK of cigarettes, and full of old people. The staff looks haggard but really who else would be working there?Fried Chicken - My mom is a seriously good fried chicken cook so since she loves it, I'm betting it must be good. I know they both enjoyed it. I did have a bit of the mashed potatoes, which were obviously instant. Oh well, it's what is to be expect.Burger - The burger was ok but could have used a touch more flavor/salt/spice. The fries weren't bad either. I some what enjoyed it but probably won't go back.Service - The service was friendly, quick, and attentive. They were there when you needed them, kept drinks refilled, and let us alone when needed. All in all I may go back if my parents ask me but not sure I'd go running back. If you are in mood for a cheap, decent meal, I don't think you could go wrong here.
4	What a great little dive casino.  Filled with locals and has good drink prices.
1	Tonight at the Skyline Casino my husband and I were treated extremely unfair.  The shift manager Connie (a man) did not have all the correct facts together and did not want to hear what happened.  Connie told my husband he did not care about looking at the video tape.   My husband has a disability and a woman could have hurt him seriously.   Because of this treatment we will never go back to "The Skyline Casino", after several years of going there.   I hope none of their other customers will ever have to go through what we did tonight.   I would really like to rate them a Zero in customer service.
4	I've eaten here many times over the years and every experience was excellent.This little casino is from the old school....it's been here for years. Low ceilings, crowded, low lights.The food is always excellent and the staff is always friendly.
5	Been coming here for the last two years, and I love it here. Surprisingly I am only 26 and I love this place! A very good friend of mine had introduced me to this place. Yes the crowd is a little older, but it's still a fun place. Marty is the best! He is the manager of the restaurant and the food is pretty amazing.If you love video poker, this is the place for you, and old style machines where the coins still come out, not tickets. Also the staff is very friendly here and take care of you.
1	Casino is dank and dingy, needs a refurbishment. Went to have a lunch on A Wed at 2 PM. Not busy at all. ordered the steak and eggs and a chop steak. both medium and eggs scrambled. The chop steak crunched when you tried to cut it. Food came out quick. Steak was miniscule and over well done.While the service is fast, the food value just was not there. We won't be going back. Arizona Charlies a little further down boulder hwy has a better steak and eggs and is worth going up to the second floor for.
2	Old, smelly, dark... this is totally what I expected when I got here. I heard that they had amazing prime rib but when my "rare" slab came to the table, it was definitely "well done" with no pink whatsoever. It was bland and dry. The prices are cheap and the portions are large but I would never go out of my way to eat here again.
1	So here is the scoop. We went there every Monday night almost last year for Monday night football. We would gamble for a while then sit in the area where the stage is and get tickets for drawings and hot dogs from the older gentleman (I think he has retired now) and then watch the game, drink beer. There would always be a full house in the stage area to watch the game. No good seats left.Well today we went back after going to the first couple weeks at Eastside Cannery. What a difference---in a bad way. So we go in, gamble a bit, then go to the pit area where the manager of the table games usually is to give out the tickets. It was an older lady, very stern looking - NOT friendly. I asked her if that is where we got the tickets for the raffles as we were getting ready to go watch the game. She VERY tersely said, "I hand those out as you gamble!" I explained that she obviously missed us and that now we were going to go watch the game. She said nothing. Just a mean scowl. Not sure what her problem was. She gave me two tickets and said, "this is all you get for two people." Which right then made me believe that others got more. I was right. I went and asked the couple that was at some nearby machines, she apparently gave them 3 each. So the RAFFLE IS SKEWED towards her favorites.I asked her about the hot dog tickets, since last year we always got them at the beginning of the game. Well apparently she DOES NOT wish to hand them out to someone for an unknown reason. She snapped at me saying, "we serve hot dogs at halftime and you aren't getting the tickets early!" Now I have never seen this woman before. I don't know what her problem is. I walked away. Maybe 10 minutes in the game before halftime, I went to use the restroom. I came back and there were tickets on our table. I asked the 77 yr old man that I went with if those were the hot dog tickets, he said he didn't know as the grumpy mean old lady had threw them on the table and walked away without a word. I should mention here that while last year all the seats were taken, this year, we took up two of the seats and one other person used another. Three.I'd recommend to skip the old bitter lady with an attitude that gives her favorites and friends the most opportunity to win and that cannot smile and go to Eastside Cannery. The hot dogs are a dollar, but the pitcher of draft coors light is $6 where at skyline one draft beer is $2 if you get PBR otherwise it is more and $3 for a bottle of Michelob Ultra. So what you save on beer at eastside cannery you can buy a couple hot dogs with. also the prizes at eastside cannery are MUCH better. They give out $100 in comps to the steakhouse, two free buffets, $100 in gambling chips for the pit, free concert tickets and more.The ONLY bright spot of the entire evening was the cocktail server Nichole. She was a shining star. Very friendly, a ready smile, very happy to be there. The old bitter woman in the pit could surely take lessons from Nichole.Oh! one more thing. The potato chips they gave out were stale. I tasted one, it was so bad. Like when you have a party, get up the next morning and eat a potato chip that has been out all night. I looked and the "best by date" was sept 10. I did show Nichole, but she couldn't do anything as all the bags were taken by then so none to take back.They have really gone downhill.
