5	FATIGO PLAYS HERE! Great venue for anything from music, spoken word, to improv. The art work tends to be a hit or a miss, but I do love this place. $2 PBR!!!
2	The Paper Heart is certainly not the worst place in Phoenix, but I've never been able to get a good vibe here.  Great criticism, right?  Let me expand: By all accounts the Paper Heart SHOULD be really cool - live music, cheap drinks, a cool crowd and some arty crap on the walls, but it has always come across as iffy at best to me.  It's a large concrete space, so it seems too big to be comfortable, with chairs scraping loudly across the floor.  It has a weird couch setup near the stage that somehow becomes a central focus of the room.  It's got a couple of tables with chairs, but they're scattered around the room in strange places.  It's echo-y and loud and I'd have to strain to hear conversation across the table.  The performances have always been way less than spectacular and though the beer is cheap, it's just lacking some soul.
4	The Paper Heart is a cute, intimate venue... I felt really comfortable there.  There are couches and folding chair that surround the stage.  Not tons of seating but the place is small.  I'm not a drinker so I can't comment on the booze but they had a selection of cheap sodas, energy drinks, tea and water.Ooh, another good thing, no smoking inside!My fella and I went there to see the Scandalesque burlesque show (second Friday, every month) which was a mixture of entertaining and strange.  I wouldn't recommend it to everyone, it was one of the weirdest shows I have ever seen.
4	Totally great place to see small indie bands ...  Booked (in part) by Leslie Barton (whom cut her teeth @ Modified Arts) and this time there's DRINKS at her venue!  YEAH!!!  Small stage ... It's oddly shaped as the building used to be an auto dealership but still has good sight lines, even from the bar which is near the stage.
4	I visited this cute little venue for the first time this weekend and I'm proud to announce that the whole vibe of the Paper Heart Gallery brought me great happiness. I was there for a couple quick drinks with friends at the icansmellyourbrains.com site launch party. (Awkward to say, but a sponsor of Zombie Prom, so rock on!) We arrived fairly late to the festivities, but still managed to catch part of Mad Monster Party, a really old claymation film displayed on a huge drop down screen over the stage. I was pleasantly surprised to see plenty of cushy seating available for me to relax with my two dollar PBR.There were some excellent pieces of art displayed in the namesake 'gallery' of the Paper Heart, and the spider web of rooms wasn't conventional so it added a bit of fun as I browsed. I was so preoccupied with checking out the art that I didn't realize I had followed my boyfriend right into the men's restroom, which lacked a door for some reason. No art was observed in there, but apologies were profuse, as were embarrassed giggles.Several of the people I was with were sad to hear that Scandalesque, a local burlesque act, will no longer be performing regularly here. But fear not, you can still catch them touring in the area, so hurrah for skimpily dressed vaudevillians! I'm definitely down to check this place out at First Friday sometime or to catch a show and enjoy the hip, urban ambiance.
5	Beware the Vortex. Meaning, you think you're in the right area, but if you blink, you'll miss The Paper Heart. Of course, on 2nd circle 'round, you'll find out you're a moron and it's located beneath this super-giant U.S. Flag. It's at the corner (ish) of Grand and Van Buren. Once inside, you can relax. There's no pretensions here. Nope, no fake sentiments and people wanting to be other people at this venue. Sure, we all have our problems, but this is one place in Phoenix where it's okay to be whatever it is you are (or want to be). Sit at the bar or on one of their several comfy couches. Order a drink - but beware of the prices. If you ask me, I don't think a $5 Guinness is a steal. Throw in a couple more buckaroos and I can get 6 bottles of my own... but I digress. You'll be transplanted. (Pun intended? I don't know.) This gallery feels bigger and better than Phoenix. It's something you'd find in Boston or San Fran. Maybe even Seattle or Austin. So, this is definitely a deep gulp of fresh air, if you ask me. From movies to local shows to poetry slams and charity events, this place is the pulse point for local artistic expression and talent. Sure, it may be hit-or-miss (the second time I went, the band never showed up), but that won't stop me from a) going back or b) recommending you go - with several friends in tow. (Check their website for up-to-date info.)
3	Another great place to hang(pun intended?). The Paper Heart Gallery has, surprise, a Gallery! My first experience there was at a Premier for a movie that I had worked on when I first moved to PHX called "Yesterdays Tomorrow". It's not a good spot really, for that, but only because it doesn't get dark enough for most budget (under $20 grand) projectors to look good. I've seen some bands there on First Friday's, this is another one of the stops on First Friday most of my friends hit. But there is nothing there to bring me back, if I did feel like driving to PHX, that is.
5	I love the Paper Heart!I've performed there as a comic, promoted all different sorts of bands there, and seen performance artists there.The Paper Heart also has great artwork, which is always changing.The bathrooms are super-cool!  There's a lever on the counter to turn the water off and on.I don't drink, but there seems to be a GREAT selection of beers and wines!
4	Unfortunate....From The Paper Heart Website:"For those who are unaware, The Paper Heart closed itsdoors after the last show on December 29, 2007.I'd like to thank all those who supported the space over thepast, almost 8 years.  Without those who patroned andperformed here, it never would have been what it was."
