4	I love Baja Fresh!  This location is smaller than the norm for Baja, but it still delivers quality food.  The parking is somewhat limited -- as it shares with Starbucks, etc.  Service has always been speedy and friendly here...so it's worth a trip!  Go Baja Fresh!
2	Its located inside Boca Park which is convenient (shopping at Target can really work up an appetite) I brought my 7 year old here on a lunch date and I was pretty disappointed. The food is kind of just thrown on the plate and covered in tomatoes. My daughter even said she didn't like it and she loves Mexican food and tomatoes. The cashier was nice but the manager seems to need an attitude adjustment. For a salad and kids meal 14 bucks seems pretty steep considering its not that great. The only plus is shaded out door seating that my dog seems to enjoy. I wont be wasting my money here again and I suggest you don't either.
3	You know when, after eating at place several times, you start to get really sick of the food? Well, it doesn't take too many visits to Baja Fresh to get to that point. Although they do offer a pretty good selection of "Tex-Mex" food, and some really good burritos, the food here is pretty much the same as most of the Mexican Grill style restaurants around town. The atmosphere is nice though, a couple flat screen TV's playing some sports games and authentic Mexican music by artists such as Enrique Iglesias. The prices are about the same as any other similar style restaurant with burritos at about 7 dollars and quesadillas for 8 or 9 dollars. A couple things that I do like about Baja Fresh is that they give you fresh tortilla chips with your order and they aren't stingy with their guacamole, unlike Qdoba.... There's also good seating here, indoor and outdoor. For me, this is more of a place I'll go to when I'm really hungry and in the area.
3	I was massively craving Mexican food and I was going to stop by the Roberto's across the street, but the parking lot was too retarded to park in so I decided just to stop by here. I ordered a Diablo Burrito with steak and added 9000 jalapenos to it. It was not super spicy which I was craving, but it was satisfying. I tried the mango salsa with the chips which were pretty good. All in all a decent option, but I wish I could find amazing authentic local Mexican food here in Vegas.
3	I haven't been to Baja Fresh in years but what stood out to me was their fresh and zesty ingredients. I decided to go there recently and try their Steak and Shrimp bowl. It also had chili tomatillo rice, avocado slices, roasted corn salsa,  grilled calabasitas squash, achiote onions , and anejo cheese. My mouth waters just listing the ingredients because it sounds good ! It has a lot of my favorite things but the taste was blah! It tasted plain and boring despite the exciting things contained in this bowl. Maybe I should have ordered my usual fish tacos.
4	great kids meals.  super fresh.  mango salsa is the best and staff is friendly!   overall great value although pricier than most mexican restaurants.
3	I was able to get a side salad and rice & beans plate for under $5. It was a nutritious, vegetarian, and cheap. The salad was just romaine lettuce (not that shitty iceberg) with chopped tomatoes and tortilla strips. It was definitely not mindblowing but at the $1-2 range, I can't complain. My rice and beans plate was surprisingly large and in charge. However, the rice was bland but fluffy. The black beans (you can choose either black or pinto) are the real gem; they were cooked perfectly and topped with cotija crumble cheese. Baja offers a salsa bar and most of it is okay. Even the hottest sauce doesn't have that nice fire punch I was craving. The pico de gallo was unimpressive because the tomatoes were unfresh and mushy. But they have banana peppers and jalepenos. And a nice bonus: next door is a Starbucks so you can have a your caffeine midday fix, too! I know I'm judging a Mexican fastfood restaurant based on a salad and r&b plate, but hear me out, rice and beans are a simple staple, and sometimes simple is all I need.
4	Good food and great service, plus free salsa bar!
3	This was our first time eating at a Baja Fresh. Overall I was pleasantly surprised. I was expecting less flavor from a fast food mexican joint, but their fajitas at least had some great flavor (at least with some the of their salsas on it). It was a bit loud in their and I'd probably go for Chipolte/Qdoba over them in the future but in a pinch I'd have no problem going to another Baja Fresh.
4	Overall food and service is great. One problem. Way TOO MANY flies. It's not fun eating while you have to worry about flies getting into your food. Please fix this
5	I had one crispy fish taco on a corn tortilla and one carnitas pork taco on a corn tortilla with their hot salsa. I enjoyed both but if I had to choose, the carnitas pork was the best of the two.
4	Always love coming here on my lunch. Food is prepared fast and delivered to your table, which is nice. The place is always clean, and the salsa freshly stocked. I've never had stale chips! Everything I've gotten to eat here is really good, but sometimes the fish is a little over cooked, the flavor is still great though. Also, they give 20% off to teachers! If you work for CCSD, just show your badge. I work for a preschool in the area and they gave us the flyers for it, which they let us use as a coupon. Love it here!
4	I've eaten here a half a dozen times and have always had a good experience. The service has always been quick and friendly. The place is always clean. The food has always been tasty.I'm sure I'll be visiting again.
4	Great experience. The food was fresh, the staff was helpful and cheerful, and the place was clean. The salsa bar had a good selection, including two types of peppers. They also offer sliced limes. Glad we checked this place out. Will be back.
3	There wasn't a long line maybe four people but somehow it took ten mins just to order and another 10 to get it. I wasn't in a rush but if I was on my normal lunch break I'd be upset with how long the wait was. Food was decent...I ordered 2 Najaf style tacos one shrimp one beef and a drink. Cost me 10$ and Ii could of eaten more but I'm glad I kept it a light lunch. Might be back, might not. Just meh
5	I love getting the mango chicken salad with a side of chips and guacamole when I'm short on cash. When you buy something keep your receipt. There is usually a coupon on the receipt that expires in 30 days. When I use it my meal only comes out to like $7.00. I also think their guacamole is the best out of all the fast food restaurant's also give you a good amount of chips and guacamole.  It's good for about 2 people with big appetites. The salad is also very filling!
4	it has been years since i've last eaten here, but i don't think much has changed.  their food never disappoints and the free salsa bar is plain awesome!
3	The food was good. I definitely had better. But you know these type of "Mexican" restaurants are everywhere and quite frankly it's super Americanized food but it's still edible food none-the-less. I got a chicken bowl...it was just ok...the rice in it was a bit crunchy...that didn't make me happy but who cares I was hungry! The salsa bar has a good variety of salsa and it was stocked well...they keep this place pretty clean maybe because they didn't have very many patrons besides me that day and there are plenty of seats if you feel like dining in. The service could be a little more service and lot less stale. Personality might help a little bit. Just saying. Y'all are lucky I was hungry and couldn't care less about how I was served. I'll come back if I ever feel in the mood for this type of food again...but I just found a Chipotle a few blocks down so it might be a long while before I'm back.
3	the food is good, the restaurant is a dump. They are in desperate need of a remodel. The booths are vile. If i was the mgr. I would be embarrassed.
