2	For someone who straddles the line between sometimes craft-er, this store can seem vast and confusing.  There's rows and rows of baskets and bedazzling jewels and paper and...oh my...scrap booking!  When I want to find boring old felt....it's like...where do I start?  I'm in a hurry, as always, and I rush in and the first thing I look for is an employee.  No one to be found.  I could call out and my voice would come echoing back.  I run between rows of paper, wood and gosh darn scrap booking....no felt!  Where do I find felt!  Where do I find an employee!?FINALLY, I find one after 15 minutes of wondering around.  She's incredibly nice and leads me to the felt.  This is not the first time I've been hard up to find help.  I tell her she was hard to find, and she tells me that they're "low on payroll" and can't have any one the floor BUT HER!  In that WHOLE store, JUST HER!  That's ridic!Not a month ago I was, again, in a slight hurry and stood in line for about 15 minutes to check out, with 2 employees at the register and 6 people per line, I gave up and walked out.  Hey Michael, do you pick up what I'm putting down?  You're not making any money because your costumer service SUCKS....in fact, there's no service to be found!
3	I have been frequently shopping at this Michaels store over the last couple months since I began taking a cake decorating class and hosted a large baby shower at my home. The store has typically had the supplies that I need from cake and cupcake baking and icing to scrap booking supplies. This location is pretty average compared to other Michaels - it's exactly what you would expect when going to this store. It's not a large store, but it's not a small store -- just average.I do enjoy using the Michael's coupons when shopping. I definitely save a lot of money! Instead of toting around the paper versions, I actually have the iPhone app that has coupons available to use from the app. My only complaint is that sometimes it takes a while to check out at this location. I don't normally have a problem - usually only one or two people ahead of me - but sometimes it can be much slower. Today, for example, there were only two customers ahead of me, but one of them was having issues with a coupon. The line began to get longer and longer, and though a couple associates were lingering up front, they kept calling for someone else. From personal experience of being a manger in a retail store, do not linger or let your associates linger near the cashiers without jumping on register. Whatever the reason may be that you are not helping customers, it still appears rude and make everyone more impatient....
3	It's your typical chain craft store.  And let me reiterate that I'm not a crafts person. I walked in because I needed dial rods for some signs I had. Now for being a chain store I was a bit upset because even though they had a decent selection, the amounts they had for each one I wanted were scarce.  Imagine me standing there with different sizes of wood in my hand and just staring in disbelief.  And for a piece of wood, the price was a bit steep.I will provably come back here, but only for an item that I cannot find elsewhere. Or if I'm too lazy to drive further out.
5	It's yet another Michael's, and it's a very good one. Recommended always. For those who love crafting, Michael's is a godsend.
5	I come here pretty frequently for art and craft supplies. Whatever Michaels doesn't have I just order online from a different retailer. Some items are pricey but you can still find some good deals. If you go all the way to the back of the store you can find interesting clearance items. Customer service is average. My favorite time to visit Michaels is when summer is about to end and all the fall and Halloween items are set out. Since I come here often, I know where everything I need is. However, the store could use a new layout.
2	The one good thing I can say about Michael's is that they have a wide variety of hobbies and crafts included in their selection. They've got items for woodwork, painting, knitting, kids crafts, scrapbooks, you name it. The problem is, the variety of products for your particular craft is probably dismal. They've got lots of cool items all over the store that you're convinced that somehow you need. (Because it is soooo cute, and you could TOTALLY do something with it. Right..?) The store feels cluttered because there is so much stuff everywhere. However, if you're looking for something specific, good luck. It's not even a matter of the product being difficult to find in the store. It's that when you find the right section, there's either nothing in stock, or they simply don't even carry what you need. I stopped in for crochet supplies, and the yarn selection was laughable compared to many other craft stores. I ended up going elsewhere for my stuff anyway. Plus the prices at Michael's are significantly more than other area craft stores. I usually only stop there if I'm already at tend Waterfront. I'd recommend checking other craft stores first. Unless you need glitter. Especially fine glitter. Michael's has the best glitter selection/quality of any store I've ever been to.
1	You would think their exorbitant prices would at least buy some decent customer service. Not at this location. They are totally understaffed and have almost nobody able or willing to help you find anything. This is a problem because they carry so many completely different products that it's hard to find what you need. Expect to wait at least a half hour before getting assistance.The organization is disjointed, especially depending on your project. There's even a section called "art supplies". I thought that was kind of the point of the whole store. What did it in however was how miserably they packed my picture frames. The place next door wrapped two dollar drinking glasses in paper to protect them, but apparently Michael's thinks a grocery bag is sufficient to protect a nice picture frame in bad weather. So, the inevitable happened and I dropped the bag. Now I don't expect every place to be sympathetic, even though it could have been packed better, but when I asked for a refund they were down right RUDE. Hey I did drop the thing, but some empathy would have been nice. I wasn't completely out of line asking because a little bubble wrap and it would have been fine in the first place. I will never be back to this or any other Michael's.
