5	I am officially addicted to this place! I normally don't like kale but the popeye acai smoothie is amazing. It's delicious and it fills me up. The people who work here are really nice and the drinks come out pretty fast.
1	I had visited Nekter two other times this week, once in the afternoon and yesterday morning. I went for a third time this morning because their juice is quite good, and also reasonably priced compared to competitors. After telling my friend about this place, she asked me if I had a punch card with them, it's a pretty good deal: spend $25 and get a free 16oz juice. However this was never offered to me, and I didn't know about it until after I had purchased a few juices. The reason for the 1 star review is because I walked in this morning before work, and there were two staff members at the register. One staff member was showing the other how to do something on the register, not a problem, I understood this and I'm pretty forgiving, but I was standing there two feet away from them waiting and it was as if I was invisible. I waited some more..........no "Hello," no "We'll be right with you,".........no acknowledgment at all. Feeling super awkward and unsure of how long I was going to be ignored for, I turned around, left the store and went to Juby True across the street.I totally understand the need to train someone to do their job, but I think it's common courtesy to at least acknowledge your customers. I'm pretty sure I will not be returning here, as their customer service was non existent this morning.
1	I was planning on going to Kaleidoscope juice for my first juice cleanse, but saw the advertisement for the $39/day cleanse at Nekter during a trip to Jimmy Johns. I went in to ask some questions and I was helped by a very nice girl who said the deal ended on Saturday 2/15/14. On Friday, I saw via Facebook that the deal was extended to Sunday 2/16 and convinced my husband and a friend to do the cleanse with me on Sunday. Today (Saturday) I went in to purchase 2 one day cleanses. Initially, as I walk in, I see several people waiting for their drinks and food, and I am waiting at an empty register while 3 people are in the back working on orders. After about a minute, one of the girls who seems very busy and stressed says she will be right with me. No biggie, I'm not in a rush. When she gets back to the register, I order 2 one day cleanses and the stressed out girl comes off as a little rude. She says, "well the deal ends today, so are you going to do the cleanses today?" In my head I thought, on Facebook it says it ends Sunday, and why would I have to do the cleanse today when the juices are good for a couple days? I didn't quite get it, and I didn't think she was very friendly so I just said "yes". When I got home, I showed my husband the juices and we planned on starting the cleanse the following day. On the label of the juices, it says to consume the juice within 5 days of purchase, but as we inspect the bottles, half of the bottles have an expiration date of 5 days from today (2/20/14) and half have an expiration date of TODAY (2/15/14). Because we are concerned about getting sick from these juices, we decided to do the cleanse today even though we were not quite ready.I give 2 stars because my first impression was not a good one, but I am willing to go back and try the smoothies because they are cheaper than other juice bars in the area. BUT I will not recommend this place to anyone unless my next experience is a good one. My suggestion to Nekter is to make sure they have enough people working on a Saturday so that the workers are not stressed and can be friendly at all times. I also suggest that they are consistent with the deals/advertisements they have on social media, and to make sure they're not giving old juices while telling people they can start the cleanse a few days after purchasing it._______________________________________________________________*******UPDATE:My husband posted on Nekter's facebook about the bottles having different expiration dates and they said "we apologize as all bottles should expire the same day - we would be glad to give you new bottles to compliment the others. thank you!"  SO my husband goes to exchange the expired bottles, the girl he talked to did not want to help him and said that the cleanse is supposed to be completed the day of purchase (although their website says different) and that is why the bottles expired that same day. He tells her that he was told that all of the bottles should have the same expiration date and she says "well you must have spoken to someone in California because we do things differently in Arizona". Really?! After going back and forth, she finally gives in.  I would have given them an extra star for fixing the problem right away, but it was such a frustrating experience, that I've decided to take one off. We will not be returning.P.S. Tim G. I'm not complaining about a short shelf life. Read my review and do your research ;) thanks!
3	Really tasty, reasonably priced but.....SO SLOW! I completely understand the juicing process as I make them at home. I know how long they take to make and appreciate that. However, what I can do in my kitchen should not equate to what goes on in a restaurant. They only have 2 juicers. You will wait 10 minutes if there is no line...I've waited 30 mins before for my juice...so don't come here if you have somewhere to be. I do have to stay standing around watching peoples' faces while they are anticipating their name being called is quite entertaining. While the product is good, their productivity is poor. Juice bars are popping up all over the place...if these guys don't figure out a faster system to accommodate high volume, they will lose business quickly.
4	Great place.  Only thing I wish that could be done is order an organic juice or smoothy.  You can order your cleanse as organic.  Some reviews have people complaining about the ready to go juices as having short expiration dates.  Keep in mind these are done fresh and nothing added to them.  They are not meant to have a long shelf life.  A great option and great acai bowls also.
2	I really really want to enjoy going here more often because the acai bowls are absolutely amazing. Have been to this location multiple times and each tlme I have experienced really, really poor service. 6 people working- 5 texting on cell phone(s?!?!?)- lines to the door. To complicate- there is no phone number listed anywhere to pre order in hope of avoiding the traffic jam sure to ensue. The PB greenie bowl is so good I have sucked it up but most of us are in a hurry and can't devote an hour to 'quick and healthy'. If there were maybe even free wifi available at least you could get work done while you waited. No wifi, the staff did not even know if they had wifi...  said the company as a whole has no phone numbers listed for pre ordering...its just hard to watch such potential for greatness lose stars due to awful customer service. No hustle witnessed EVER... almost like they are shuffling behind the counter in slow-motion. It has the makings of a funny Saturday Night Live skit.  Today I was tempted to start filming it was that bad. Running out of strawberries with 6 people working, 5 on cell phones and none having the foresight to perhaps run to the Whole Foods up the street.... Grabba Green and the simply amazing Kaleidoscope are gonna be grabbing my GREEN moving forward as service like this is just not not going to cut it!
3	This place is pretty good, but it's nothing extraordinary and nothing you can't make yourself at home. I've been to both Scottsdale locations multiple times, ordered different things, and fair warning: don't go to either if you're in a big hurry because they are SLOOWW! They make everything fresh but should have more people or equipment to compensate for the time it takes. I've never seen more than 3 people at a time. They also have a punch card but don't tell you, which I find strange. It's by the register and they're happy to give it to you if you see it and ask, but don't expect them to ask you if you want one. I've only been asked if I have one once out of more than 10 trips.
4	Not too bad. I enjoyed the atmosphere and setup. Tried a few things. Highly recommend the toxin cleanse with ice. Hope this place stays around for a while.
5	I visited this juice bar on a day that was considerably busy. They recently opened and it was lunchtime. Service is relatively quick, they got the juice out in about five minutes or so. The staff was helpful and informative. I thought the juice cleanses tasted great. Would recommend this place!
4	Went in here to try my very first acai bowl! There was no one in line (around 5pm) but a few people that seemed like they were waiting for their orders in the store. The staff was incredibly friendly when I ordered! I waited there about 10 minutes for my bowl that was delicious! I would definitely come here again, but it wish it was a bit quicker!
5	never been here before, so I stopped by after lunch for a smoothie and it was amazing. the girl on the register helped me out after I told her I have never been here before. if you like a good, all natural smoothie or juice, hit this place up. super delicious!
3	I am hooked on green juice. I juice at home a few times a week but occasionally, every Saturday, I like to treat myself to not having to prep veggies or clean up; so I head over to Nekter for a Greenie. Ok, and I probably stop in at least once also during the week. I have had the acai bowls a few times and I am obsessed with them!! AHHHH if only I could have one everyday! They are that good. They are pretty slow, but its juicing, its slow; I get it. I love the juice, its very consistent in taste, I don't mind waiting, the place is super cute, but the staff.... I don't think I have ever walked in that place and been greeted with a smile. Like I get it, its 8 am on Saturday, and you're at work... but be a little bit peppy at the front register. I feel almost like I'm inconveniencing them, but I don't get it? It should be mandatory to get a ginger shot in these people if they are going to be working the register. I'm thinking like over the top friendly, excited about this juice! have a great day! kind of attitude, and its just not like that. The place is good, but it could be great if it just had a better energy from the person selling you your juice.
4	I'm addicted to this place! I only get juice and it's always great. I've heard the bowls are great too. Love the vibe inside and that it smells so fresh when you walk in. I feel the pricing is fair because juices are much more costly in places just up the road. My only criticism is that sometimes it takes a while for the juice to be made.  If you're in a rush, just grab one pre-made from the case.
5	Outstanding. You can pick you own blend for less than five dollats. And they juice it fresh. No wonder the line is longer than chipolte. One of my favorite joints of all time.
2	I almost gave it 3 stars because the pink flamingo smoothie was tasty, but overall it was a 2 star experience. There was poor customer service and I didn't feel any good vibes at all. They never acknowledged me or greeted me. They were not friendly. Next stop: the chopshop!
1	I've had Nekter juice at different locations and it really is quite good. This particular location receives a one star rating for the service. I went to this location at 12:45, a prime time for a lunch rush, there was one employee at the register. I waited in line for ten minutes before I left with no juice. During my 10 minutes in the store, only 3 people placed orders at the register and only 2 orders were served. Overall a very frustrating experience considering I had to return to work with an empty stomach. Put some employees at the register during obvious rush hours and my review will probably be a 4-5 star rating.
5	I love their smoothies and bowls so I thought I would try one of their juice cleanses. After 1 day I decided there was no way I could do 2 more. The girl who worked their gladly returned all of my juice and gave me my money back with out any hassle. While I won't be going back for anymore juices I will definitely return for an acai bowl and excellent customer service.
4	1st time here! They would have received 5 stars BUT....the young man on the register was really nice, the lady B4 me was called 4 her order and a few minutes after I went 2 the counter to get the wifi info (that didn't show up in my iPhone)  then that's when I noticed MY order just sitting there. The guy from the back DID NOT call my name. So what if I never got up? He claimed he wasn't the one to bring it out...looks like that's your job 4 the day. Anyway things happen maybe it was a "little" mistake who knows. I'm going to still have a "Fabulous" day!    I had the Acai Banana Berry Bowl  it was good but would have been better if that experience did  NOT happen. You know I'm NOT going to 4get it. The bad thing about it is that this location is 5 min. from my home. I'm BIG on customer service- I have to deliver the best everyday to my clients and I expect the same. Anyway NO 5 Stars due to that happening to me today.
5	First time customer and WOW! What a great impression they've made! PB Bowl tastes like heaven and Pink Flamingo Smoothie is just what I needed on this hot summer day! Probably going to make this my daily lunch spot now that it is by my office. Love the new location and everyone of the staff members were very kind! Great prices too!
1	My dad stopped by Nekter yesterday on his way to work to get his normal morning jolt of veggie goodness, however, it was not as he expected. Not sure who made his "The Greenie" but it was terrible. Now I realize "The Greenie" contains parsley, spinach, kale, celery, cucumber, lemon and apple -- and you would think that it would taste like a garden or like a liquid salad, right? Wrong!!! It was disgusting. Here's my theory on what happened... Whoever made it didn't make enough to fill up the cup to the top so they MacGyver'd it and added lemon water to make up the difference. I tried it and couldn't taste ANY of the veggies in it to save my life, all I could taste was watered down lemon water, with a hint of greens. When paying $7.50 for a green juice, I would expect it to have just that... GREEN juice, not watered down lemon water. I may give Nekter another shot, but I'm on the "3 strikes, you're out" policy... So, you have two more tries.
2	This location is way too slow in service. Also they skimp on the fruit in the fruit bowls!!! I took my family here to have them experience the great fruit bowls but that was a fail. The blended fruit in the bowls were melted by the time they got the orders ready. and they forgot the wheat grass shot, i had to remind & wait some more... The location near Scottsdale rd & Lincoln is way better.
4	Delicious! One of my favorite spots. Just make sure you go with enough time to spare cause there's always a line and they aren't the quickest... Be prepared for a wait. Also they should pre cut the fruit and veggies in the cups like Chopshop does. Much quicker.
5	Ever since I moved back to AZ from CA I couldn't find a place with decent acai bowls. So you can imagine my excitement after 5 years of searching when I came across this slice of heaven! Best ones yet! Haven't tried the smoothies/juices because I'm such a fan of the bowls but I'm sure they are just as tasty.
5	I am a huge Nekter fan. I go here every morning and switch up my orders all the time because everything on the menu is amazing. Great customer service as well.
4	I like the pillows in the booths. I dislike the length of time it takes to get a shot of wheatgrass.The juices and smoothies taste amazing and fresh.The prices are ridiculously high. Clean, great decor, aesthetically pleasing.No patio or outdoor seating.
4	What is there to say. It is a great juice bar albeit slightly expensive but worth it. I have tried three of their for Acai Bowls and my favorite is still the PB bowl. The chocolate dream smoothie is delicious (although the high in calories as is the PB Bowl) and the greenie juice is refreshing. All in all, when I am not hungry but want something, I always come here and it always satisfies whatever I may be craving (even if I am not really sure myself)
2	I give this 2 stars strictly for how good the juices, smoothies and acai bowls are. However, as far as customer service this place gets zero stars from me. It is extremely expensive for the quality of service you receive here. Now, I gave them several chances before I chose to write a review to see if they were perhaps just having an "off" day but improvement never happened. The 2 instances that stick out the most happened on 2 consecutive days. I went here with a friend to enjoy acai bowls, my friend has celiac therefor cannot have the regular oats on top. Well considering this was not a new thing to her, as normal, she specifies she needs gluten free oats on top. Long story short we watched them use the regular oats. When she notified them of there mistake, the woman very rudely said "you're just going to have to wait a minute" and went on to help other customers before addressing the issue. They re- made her bowl however all the sudden the 7$ of what she paid for ( a full bowl) now looked like less that half that. Now I understand this place is still pretty new to the Arizona market however the quality of service they are offering in the Scottsdale area is by far the WORST I have received at any place of business. If they can get their act together and learn how to treat their customers and speed up the process (considering it never took less than 15 minutes from the time I ordered until I actually got my order) I might consider a future review. Until then I would say to anyone going here, Make sure you have at least 45 mins to spare even if it is just a juice you are ordering, and make sure you pack your patience that day for some of the rudest people you will encounter!
1	There is just something about this location. The service sucks. The product is fine but the employees just bring you down. I more frequently visit the location on McDonald and I guess I have just been spoiled by the friendly upbeat staff there. Friday 12/26 I was picking up a couple of bowls for breakfast and I came in and the staff was busy juicing and making bowls with a few customers waiting. I walk up, patiently waiting looking over the menu, I'm in a great mood and having a great morning so far until the gal with the shaved sides, who took my order walked up. She walked up and I said "hi!" She gave me a dirty look and rudely responded with what did you say? I said.. I just said hi.. She says, "oh I though you said something." Uh ya, I was saying hi. It was uncomfortable and it put me off right away. I then proceeded to inconvenience her by giving her my order, 2 bowls off the menu and one juice. I legit felt uncomfortable ordering from her she was so rude. She did not tell me my total I read it off the register myself and she took my money, gave me my change and turned around and walked away. No thank you, it'll be right out, not a smile, nothing. I almost said, you know what.. Forget it. I wanted to be done with her attitude and it really put a damper on me for a minute. Like how can she be so rude and the one taking the orders? I was waiting for my order and noticed a sign about the punch cards are remembered I had one. She never brought that up at the register and at this point I didn't want to talk to her again so I left punchless. Every time I've been here the employees have been less than friendly. Looks like I'll stick to the McDonald location.
4	Really yummy smoothies and acai bowls, and healthy. Large portions for the price, health food is always pricey so comparatively it's not bad. If you go here though, expect to wait in line for five minutes to order then another 15 to get your order, if it's a quiet day. Friendly staff but they do not have enough people working and enough machines to fulfill the orders they take.
