5	I've been waiting for this donut shop to open for weeks since their sign went up. I was hoping for a new donut shop on the extreme west side since I moved here.This place serves typical California style donuts. They taste good and you will find most typical donut shop fare. When I was there they had chocolate, sprinkled, vanilla, cinnamon rolls, fritters, strawberry, etc. I missed this style of donut since most of these types of shops are either downtown or in the east. Prices are pretty good. It $1.00 per standard donut and $10 for a dozen. The big giant fancy donuts are about 2.50 and they are big. Chocolate milk for my daughter was $2.00.Service was friendly and prompt, although their English is a bit limited. I will definitely come back for more.
5	Picture this, the warmest, glaziest (yes glaziest) yet not too overly sweet and softest nut of dough you've ever placed in yo mouf! The flakes of glazed icing just breaks off ever so slightly leaving bits and pieces of your lips for the extra lick you want to take at the end of every bite. I am delighted and thankful for this super sleek mom in pop shop doughnut shop to come into this side of town. Highly recommended for your morning stop. We needed one on this side of town. Cant' wait to try their coffee!
5	This place just opened up on this side of the neighborhood.  It tastes like regular donuts.. I don't think it's anything special.  I like the donuts. It's not greasy and not too sweet.  I love supporting small businesses..so if you're on this side of town, then give them a try.  You'll like it.By the way, the Korean owners are very nice and sweet.
4	Quite a selection of donuts. Even had cronuts. The price for a dozen was around 10.00.The donuts were fresh and delicious. The ladies behind the counter were kind and swift. I like the fact that they open at 5AM, I can then pick up a dozen for my office.
5	Items Selected:Powdered Sugar, Cinnamon Crunch, Glazed Donut Holes (complimentary)Cinnamon Crunch YeastedStrawberry CrullerButtermilk BarSour Cream Old FashionedMaple and Cream CronutApple FritterAmenable to traveling hours for worthwhile cuisine but happy to save the gas and stay close to home it was with high, yet tempered, hopes that I entered West Tropicana's newly-opened Ace Donuts and with a duo of smiling faces greeting me from the counter as several old-school gems and a few novelties glistened behind glass the only question was where to begin - a $10 tally scoring me six fried pastries from which not a single one was less than excellent.Owned and operated by a Korean family with just enough fluency in English to describe products and facilitate sales Ace Donuts is tucked away in a small strip mall and with clean lines, polished surfaces, plus a few seating options the marble bar at the window proved a pleasant spot to watch the comings and goings outside - a few already-regulars stopping in en route to work while others discovered the doughnuttery for themselves, each person who opted to eat in universally praising whatever they ordered as hot donuts came fresh from the kitchen twice during the course of my stay.Starting off with a yeasted masterpiece with a wispy crumb and sweet cinnamon topping before indulging in three complimentary holes of equal quality it was onward to an eggy cruller on par with the city's best that I progressed and although some may prefer a slightly less thick frosting the strawberry flavor was surprisingly natural - a similar appearing blueberry a target for next time, though they do not yet offer a true blueberry cake option.Admittedly impressed by the opening pair it was onward to three old-school favorites that the tasting rolled on and with a dense tooth tinged in tangy notes the buttermilk again showed Ace's versatility while the sour cream old fashioned was just a tad too sugary sweet, a far greater show of restraint seen in a masterful fritter that was crunchy on the outside, chock-a-block full of apples, and easily the best in the city - a similar sentiment offered to a crunchy cronut with laminated layers shattering to the tooth as a custard center oozed forth proving an ample foil to a sweet lacquer of maple.Without a doubt the best all-around doughnut shop on the west side of the Valley and already perhaps the best doughnut shop in all of Las Vegas anyone looking for fried breakfast treats would be doing themselves (and their co-workers) a favor by stopping into Ace, both the donuts and the smiling staff ready and waiting each day at 5am.
5	I am not much of a doughnut person anymore but this place could convert me.  I stopped here because of Michael U's glowing review because I know what high standards he has.I got two fritters--an apple and a blueberry--and one croissant doughnut, a.k.a., cronut, that was raspberry filled.  The fritters were both quite good and while one was bought for my wife, she only got a small taste of it.  I had it gone in a flash.She didn't care for the raspberry cronut thinking it was too sweet.  I soon dispatched the rest of that so she didn't have to suffer.Before sundown, all three were gone even though I promised myself I'd save something for the next day,
4	I've been waiting for weeks for this place to open! Luckily, they did not disappoint. I'm not a big fan of the donuts at Pink Box and my husband has been complaining about the low-quality grocery-bought apple fritters and was very happy with the apple fritters I bought here. Their regular glazed donut was solid and the french glazed donut I bought was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The ladies here were super sweet and helpful (even tossing in some donut hole samples for me!). My hands were full with pizza I bought next door and they kindly opened the door for me. I'll definitely be back to check out their other offerings!
5	I have had my eye in thai location for a little bit. I saw the coming soon sign and when I started seeing the reviews slowly trickle in I was excited that they finally opened up.I walked in around 7am and they were well stocked on goodies. They offer mini versions of their croissant donuts as well as fritters. I bought a few different donuts to share with my coworkers. The croissant donut was delicious. Not at all greasy and have a great crunch and was still moist inside. The cruller was perfectly cooked and had a nice texture. The blueberry fritter was nice as well. Lots of berries in the fritter and not overly glazed, which is a big plus for me.Service was nice and their prices are on par with other donut shops in the valley. I'll be back.
5	Fantastic cinnamon donut holes. I will return just for a little bag of donut-holes  : ) We also tried the glazed donuts and a blueberry donut which were very good.  Super friendly lady that helped me decide what to get.  I will return. You should support this little business if you can. Not enough Mom and Pop places around anymore.  For the best selection go early.  By 11am most of the good stuff is gone since they open at 5am.Two Thumbs up.
5	Items Selected:Chocolate Cinnamon HornSmall Cinnamon Crunch CronutBlueberry FritterBlueberry Frosted CakeApple Cinnamon Bear ClawCinnamon Crunch Hole, Glazed Hole, Powdered Sugar HoleA new year and a new favorite, the second of back-to-back weeks at Ace Donuts again showed the high quality of the new bakery's goods and this time opting for items not available on my first visit it was a truly excellent quintet that kicked of 2015 - the soft ring beneath blueberry frosting eating more like butter-cake than a doughnut while the fritter and cronut again shined despite selecting smaller versions and different constituents.  More than enough to share, but so good that one may not want to, it was largely due to my early hour of arrival that the Jumbo Bear Claw stuffed with ample amounts of cinnamon apples outshined any similar pastry in the city and although the combination of rich chocolate and substantial notes of cinnamon may not appeal to every palate the crispy exterior and soft insides of the gnarly horn was a veritable cornucopia of flavor, the warm delivery making the aromatics even more impactful and the chocolate just messy enough to justify the use of a fork and knife.Undoubtedly the best all-around doughnuttery in Las Vegas - Artisan, Old School, or Otherwise.
5	Awesome donuts and super friendly service! This was the only (non Dunkin Donuts) place open on New Year's Day. I called ahead and they were super cordial on the phone when I asked if they were open and I get there and they were exceedingly nice and helpful. We got a dozen for my friends that just had a baby and they were tearing through them. I was not offered any by my friends but luckily we had a few of our own...a couple croissnuts, a buttermilk with chocolate and some coffee. The buttermilk ones are top notch...just the right amount of crunch on the outside and fluffy and soft on the inside!
5	Fresh tasty donuts at a great price. The Korean owners were lovely. They were very welcoming. I enjoyed the assortment of cake donuts and yeast donuts. Every single donut I had was great. If I lived here, I would come again!
4	OUT WITH THE OLD, IN WITH THE NEW, WITH DONUTSI'm a donut fan, it's true, and when Ace Donuts opened up recently, I paid my first visit on New Year's Eve, 2014.  I stopped in around 10:00am that day and picked out half a dozen to share with friends.  The establishment itself is bright and clean and reminds me of another favorite donut place in the northwest part of town.  The two friendly ladies behind the counter with their cute donut chef hats greeted me when I walked in.  There is a fairly wide selection to choose from including mini and regular sized croissant donuts, fritters, glazed, twists, donut holes, crullers, etc.  I didn't see any blueberry donuts.  I left with two mini cronuts, a mini apple fritter, a cinnamon crumb, a glazed, a sugar twist, and two donut holes thrown in for free, all for $6.95.  Of that selection, I was very impressed with the cinnamon crumb, which really is my favorite type of donut.  It wasn't dry at all, which is usually the case at other places.  It tasted like a moist piece of cinnamon cake in the shape of a donut; I would go back just for that and the apple fritter.  Now, I'm not usually a fritter fan and that's why I got the mini version, but, wow, Ace Donuts makes the best one I've had.  It wasn't greasy or oily, just fritterlicious.  My friends ended up eating the rest of the donuts and, truth be told, I didn't even try the cronuts because I don't like them with filling.My second visit was the very next day, January 1, 2015, with the b/f and our pals; their first time and what better way to start the new year, right?  I only had one donut that time, though, and it was a cinnamon crumb cronut--score for me!  I liked it very much.  I was raving to the boyfriend about the fritter, though, so I made sure we got one to go that we shared later and he also agreed that it was amazing.  We should have gotten the regular sized one.  I need to go back soon and try the blueberry fritter as others have been singing its praises, too.  The southwest Vegas donut fans can rest assured that there is someplace good they can go when the craving kicks in.  Ace Donuts is a welcome addition to the Vegas donut landscape.
