3	On a Friday night, my family of seven decided to go out for dinner without reservations.Red Lobster had a wait time of 90 minutes.Carrabas wanted us to wait 45 minutes.Neither was my pick.So when my cousin suggested sushi, I almost did a back flip.Hon MacHi seated us within 10 minutes. The wait is much longer if you want tepanyaki grill seating, but we just wanted sushi.Hon MacHi nails the simple rolls, and their eel rolls are to die for. I typically don't like eel rolls. They generally are too warm and taste kinda off. But Hon MacHi makes them fresh, with warm eel and cold rice.The only item I didn't enjoy was the seafood dynamite, which I considered a disgusting affront to all things sushi, even Americanized sushi.The green tea ice cream made a lovely dessert, and Hon MacHi has premade rubber-band chopsticks for kids. My niece and nephew really enjoyed eating like grown-ups.Overall, we gorged ourselves (five adults and two youngsters) for $180.
5	Had a great experience. Go to Japanese place in Chandler. Considering the peak hour traffic, still had good service.
1	So I want to start by saying I am an equal opportunity reviewer.  This was my second trip to this place and was hoping that it would be a better experience the second time since the first wasn't that great. To my dismay it was FAR worse then the first time.  The service was poor from the first step in the door.  When taking our drink orders they didn't even know how to make a simple martini and it took them more than 10 min to make them and then finally take our sushi order. When the sushi finally got to the table it was average at best. The server took forever to just get the soup and salad out.  Now the cook funnily came to the table to cook for us and the point of going to this type of establishment is for good food and some entertainment.  The cook was not interactive at all. This was for sons 5 year old birthday and we brought cupcakes to have .  We ask for 2 scoops of ice cream and it tool almost 10 minutes again and instead of just 2 small scoops they brought out 2 huge sundaes.  At this point in the meal I was not happy and just wanted to leave.  The "server" who turned out to be the manager brought the bill and I was shocked to see that they charged us 7.90 for  what was supposed to simply be 2 scoops of ice cream .  I talked to the manager and gave her my card and she did absolutely nothing.  I will NEVER be back here.
