4	I was very happy with my experience at Gisoo.  I moved to Charlotte a year ago and haven't settled on a salon yet, but I think Gisoo is going to get my business.  Samantha did my highlights and cleaned up my layers and I am VERY happy with her work.  She really listened to what I wanted and made sure that we were on the same page so that I would be happy.  The salon is in a great area with lots of parking behind it.  It is very clean and they treat you very well.  The prices are a little high, but that is probably the going rate in Charlotte.  It is well worth the money to be happy with your hair!
4	This salon has the friendliest and professional staff.  They are focused on full customer satisfaction.  After my stylist moved out of the area, I decided to try them out and it looks like Stephanie is going to be the one.  Cut and color absolutely on point!  In addition to the staff and the services, the salon is very nice and comfortable.
5	I really love this salon. Great location and Sunny is the best. Make an appointment ahead of time and enjoy the Aveda products as well.Vaneeza is also great here - she did my touch up and blow out. She did an amazing job, people kept asking me where I got my hair done. Very friendly and professional.
5	I keep coming back because when I leave, my hair is so gorgeous! Sunny does an amazing cut, my bangs are like totally perfect and my layers are rockin! Frankie always calls to check on my appointment the day before and remind me and they are always really great about recommending products that really are awesome. I got the Aveda Dry Remedy Oil here and it is a life saver for blowing out my hair or re-shaping it. They do all hair services and usually they can accept walk ins and same day visits. They are the best!
5	Gisoo Salon, Sunny Mazan, and Aveda. That is all you need to have the great hair.Gisoo Salon staff are professional and trained well to have the best customer service ever.
5	Gisoo and Vaneeza were a pleasant surprise. Great color and style/haircut. They listen to what you want. Super clean salon, very friendly staff. Glad I found them. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed. Massaging shampoo felt relaxing.
5	Samantha has been doing my hair since the Gisoo Salon opened.  I will never let anyone else work on my hair again!  Samantha actually listens and hears what I want.  Samantha recommended I begin using Aveda Color Conserve Shampoo and Conditioner to extend the life of my color treatments.  I was actually surprised they truly work!  Gisoo Salon's core is customer service.  Frankie and Sunny are wonderful people who work hard to ensure they and their stylists are well educated and trained on all the newest styles, colors and products to help their clients.  I would be shocked if a client did not return!
5	I absolutely love gisoo salon! Its the only place i go to when I need my hair done. Vanezza is the absolute best stylist. My hair is very thick and hard to manage but I always leave her chair looking smooth,silky and fabulous! The staff is very friendly and accommodating.  I recommend this salon to everyone!
5	This was my first experience at Gisoo Salon and I really loved it.  It's not hard to get to, located right off of East Blvd (right across from Dilworth coffee, mmmmm) they have a parking lot in the back with signs designated for the salon.  It's really bright and cheerful, and everyone was friendly.Samantha was my stylist and she is so sweet, and helpful. I'm the girl that wants her hair done, but I just move my hands around a lot to express what I want it to look like. Haha. I scheduled this appointment just for a trim, as I'd like to chop it all of to donate the next time at the salon.  Samantha gave me different options as to what we could do while keeping the length, and what she thought would be best. SO appreciated!  She also showed me how I should be doing my hair to maximize the curl. And walked me through each step as she did it. (I'm also that girl who shampoos, conditions, brushes, and runs out the door. It took a little explaining).I'll definitely be coming back to Samantha when I'm ready to donate 8+ inches of hair!  I feel so relieved to find a local salon! It's hard to move without a stylist!!
5	As a newcomer to Charlotte, my first visit to Gisoo was through a Groupon.It was in the summer and Vaneeza was assigned to be my hair stylist. She took the time to follow the highlights I already had and made my over processed blonde hair look natural and healthy again. The second time around, we went a little darker for the fall season and she once again made it look both natural and shiny. A few glasses of wine and a lovely head massage later made for a great visit. I highly recommend seeing Vaneeza for great color and a great cut. On top of all that, this salon is beautiful, well maintained and the staff is super friendly. Safe to say that I've found my new hair spot in Charlotte!
5	I had an excellent experience with my first visit to Gisoo.  Vaneeza took wonderful care of my hair and took extra time to give me a really smooth blow out.  The salon is beautiful and everyone is friendly and helpful.
4	What a great Yelp & Groupon combo win. In a search for a new hair salon, I stumbled upon a Groupon deal and then I went to Yelp to make sure the salon had a good reviews. It's always nerve-racking trying a new hair place. Gisso was able to get my an appointment the following day. Located directly across from the East Blvd Harris Teeter shopping center in a little yellow house it's pretty easy to find. There is parking behind the house. The salon is chic and clean. I was greeted right away by the Salon owner and then met Samantha. Short and sweet Samantha was professional friendly and listened to what I wanted from my haircut. No complaints, one of the best haircuts I've had in years.
