5	A friend recommended Commonwealth Animal Hospital to me after we'd discussed how outrageous veterinary services can be in Charlotte, and I was pleasantly surprised to find that their rates are really quite reasonable. The clinic is clean and friendly, and the staff is great. I've used them to board my dog, and they've also taken care of one of the series of shots. I did a little fostering of dogs that were looking for a home for a while, and the people at Commonwealth answered a lot of my questions and helped me with a little discount on the foster dog's treatment. So often, when you go to a vet, you feel like the staff is only interested in making money...but the Commonwealth people made me believe that they really care about the animals they treat. It makes me feel all warm and fuzzy all over...kind of like my dog.
2	Let me start by saying two things - I agree with the previous post about the rates and caring nature of the staff.  However, we had a less than ideal experience when using Commonwealth Animal Hospital near the end of the life of one of our kitties.At the advice of our regular vet (a traveling vet), we took our limping kitty to get an xray done.  The xray showed an old and healed hip fracture that probably occurred when she was a feral cat (before we adopted her).  However, they didn't note the mass in her pelvis.  She did not get better...and we made a new appointment, called for results, had to call back again because the doctor did not call back.  After several rounds of phone tag and visits, we ended up at a specialist.  When it was apparent that she had cancer and was near the end of her life, CAH was very compassionate in helping us make the decision to put her to sleep.    We decided to get her cremated, and they said they would handle it and let us know when her ashes were ready to be picked up.  About 2 weeks later, we got a bill from the crematorium.  When we called them, they said the ashes had been delivered to CAH well before the bill was mailed...and they never called us.  In sum, they were very kind and sympathetic, but disorganized.  We could have known what was going on with our kitty much sooner and settled into the notion that she was dying.  And getting the bill before the ashes was really poor form.  I doubt if we will go back.
5	After my kitty delivered her first litter of kittens, I decided it was time to get her spayed before another bunch came along.  Since I'm not from Charlotte, trying to find a reliable, reasonably priced vet was a daunting task.  But, luckily, I found Commonwealth Animal Hospital.  The prices are very reasonable and my kitty received great care!  She stayed with them over a weekend, got spayed, and got all of her shots and the bill was less than every other place in town that I researched.  After she was home for a few days, the little kittens tore the suture open, so we had to take her back.  They sewed her right up, gave her some anti-biotics, and were extremely understanding about my financial situation.  They let me pay a week later when I received my paycheck and the vet actually came out and spoke with me about my animal, reassuring me that it was fine and I wasn't a deadbeat parent.  :)  A really great place to take your animals for superb care!  The staff here is awesome too!
5	After reading the reviews here, I took my cat in today (who hadn't peed in 2 days). I was fearing the worst about kidney disease. WHAT a good experience. I was quite nervous about the cat, and the girl at the front was not only knowledgeable, but kind and honest as well.   I don't feel like I was scalped financially, and I feel good about the outcome for the cat (antibiotics and UT treats should do the trick). Highly recommend. And I'm picky.
4	I have used Commonwealth Animal for my two chihuahuas. Both were treated great by the staff. The day that I had to put Che down everyone there were really understanding and compassionate.  Dr. Watkins is a great vet.  Evita does not mind going there. I will continue to take all my animals there.
4	I was able to bring my cat and pup in for an appointment within a week of my calling.  Folks were pretty friendly and helpful.  They advised me to come in a bit earlier to fill in paperwork, and I complied, which meant that my pets were seen right at their 4:30 appointment.  They were weighed by the receptionist, initially checked out by a tech, and then finally given a good once over by the vet.  She was helpful and answered my questions about pet foods and meds and the like, and also told me about how they will price match name brand medications (in itself an ok deal, but they didn't carry any generics).  She was also suitably gushy about how gorgeous my animals are.  Standard vet visit (why don't people spill prices on here more often? is it considered rude?) was a bit over $50 per animal.  I wouldn't mind heading somewhere a bit cheaper, but I would balk if the place seemed to provide inferior care and/or service.  Because this place seemed to offer a high caliber of both, I'll likely be back next year for booster shots.
5	About as good as it gets for routine vet affairs. Efficient, clean, and professional. The veterinarians I worked with were caring, direct, and  take a holistic approach. No worst case scenarios or unnecessary and costly diagnostic tests.  Awesome digital x-rays! My dog got better quickly and I learned a lot about how to keep her healthy, active, and spry as she approaches middle age.
5	We took our one year old dog, Owen, in for neutering.  The staff was wonderful!  The surgery went so well- very impressive.  I would highly recommend this vet- we have been in the area for over 25 years- tried many vets and this is the best without overcharging you.
5	I sought out Commonwealth when I learned of their commitment to natural care for animals.  It is a relief to have doctors that support my desire to minimize the shots, medicines, and producedures used on my pets.  I like all the vets I have seen at Commonwealth and have found each of them to be caring and professional.  I particularly recommend Dr. Schact, who goes so far as to enquire about what my pets enjoy doing and encourages me to find the time to engage in those activiies with them.  To me it demonstrates his commitment to the well-being of all aspects of the animal's life, not just his medical condition.
5	I took one of my two dogs in today to Commonwealth Animal Hospital and received the same great service everyone else raves about.  We got a friendly welcome from reception and got more smiles from the nurses and the vet.  They were quick, knowlegeable  and answered all of my concerns without dismissing them.  Great experience and, needless to say, I will be bringing my second dog in shortly for his routine check up!
5	Best vet in town! My dog gets excited when we pull up to the office. My Japanese chin had some tricky allergies that I could not get rid of. He would chew his flesh raw. I had been to several vets to try and treat his allergies. Commonweath and their amazing staff fixed him right up. He has never had any issues again!A friend of mine, had to put her cat to sleep a few months ago. The vet from commonwealth came to her house to put her cat to sleep in the comfort of the pets own home, The vet and the vet tech were AMAZING. Very caring and even mourned with us. It meant alot to my friend. I can't say enough good things about Commonweath Animal Hospital. They are Awesome!!!!!
5	I love this vet!  I have 5 animals and they take very good care of us.  They are always flexible and very pleasant to deal with.  Dr. Tamara is who my babies see, and they love her, as do I.  I live less than 1 mile from a different practice, but I drive the 30 minutes into Charlotte to go to Commonwealth.    I won't take my furry family members anywhere else.
1	They are opportunists. I have two pets 16 years old  that can barely eat and are skin and bones. I have decided its time to put them to rest. This vet wants to charge an extra $60 each for an "exam". Then the cost of euthanasia $60 each. I called the NC Vet Board to see if this is a requirement. It isn't. It doesn't take a doctor to know when your pet is at the end of its life. Some people can't afford $220. This is unethical practice at work.
5	We recently transferred to Commonwealth Animal Hospital because of the horrendous service we were getting at Animal Medical. Equipped with an amazing staff, Commonwealth has done a great job at administering the shots to our two new cats. They've also done what Animal Medical failed to do multiple times (resulting in the deaths of one, maybe two, cats), and diagnosed a parasite in our kitten and successfully treated her. All of the vets we have gotten here have done a good job. After the loss of two cats this year, the terrific service at Commonwealth Animal Hospital has come as a welcome experience in our house. I'm positive that my family will continue to take our animals here.
5	This place is amazing!  The doctors and staff are all extremely nice!  My dog needed some extensive dental work done, but we are on a tight budget.  Amazingly, they were able to work with us and figure a way for us to get the work done.  I will be a lifetime customer of theirs for this, and will recommend anyone I know to go here.  You really can't find a better place to trust with your pets!!!
4	No one likes to have to take their furchild to the vet, but if I must I appreciate the ways Commonwealth Animal Hospital tries to make things as painless as possible for pet and owner. Every time I have called for an appointment they have been able to fit us in on the next business day. They open at 7:30 and close at 6:00 so there is plenty of time for drop off and pickup without having to take time off from work. I also love that they have Saturday hours in case I have something that can't be easily explained and want to be there for the appointment. They will always tell me if my kitty's normal vet will not be able to examine him (there are several doctors on staff) although everyone I have ever seen interact with him has been great. I am always asked thoroughly about what is wrong or (on follow up visits) how the treatment went. The treatments prescribed have always been effective even when I brought him in with vague complaints like "He seems more aggressive than normal".Nowhere near the top of my reasons for liking CAH but still nice is the increased parking that was just added right outside. Parking in Midwood is not always the most fun, so I'll take convenience when I can get it.
4	Of all the free, or 'adopt' me kittens that I've had, I've never had to take them to the vet for any type of emergency.  But then there's Leia....My cat 'Leia' named like the princess she is, had to be taken in to the animal hospital on a Thursday just recently. She had been throwing up and not eating. We weren't sure what was wrong with her. My boyfriend called Common Wealth and they took her in the same day. She had x-rays, and the whole shabang. We were very lucky to have Dr. Clayton C. Watkins working on Leia. She was diagnosed with variant of inflammatory bowel disease, which made her lymph nodes swell up. They gave her medication to reduce the swelling, tube fed her until she ate on her own, and kept a good eye on her. After we paid, they recommended and even had the food she now has to eat on hand. Everyone was very friendly and kind, and loved Leia. After worrying about her for days I finally got her back today (Monday) - She's so happy to be home, and we're happy that she's doing well and will stay healthy.While it was scary at first it was an overall great experience.We'll be back in two weeks for a follow up!Thank you Common Wealth Animal Hospital!
5	I've taken my animals here for about 12 years. They are awesome!!! Very caring. When I had to put my last dog down, they were incredible. Very sincere, very caring. I felt as if they cared as much as I did about my dog!!!
5	I just moved from the lake to charlotte and found this vet on yelp. I haven't been disappointed. So far both dogs have been in. I'm not only pleased with the caring staff but the prices are outstanding for the area! I especially like that they don't pressure me to over vaccinate an older healthy pet who had plenty of vaccines while younger. They seem to really love animals and treat them how they would treat their own pets.
5	Dr. Shebel at Commonwealth Animal Hospital is the absolute best! She was compassionate and caring when we had to have our 18 year old cat helped to sleep a few months ago. Then, our 6 year old cat got sick on Sunday and went rapidly downhill. We showed up on their doorstep at 7:30 Monday, and within 2 hours, Dr. Shebel had diagnosed him with an obstructed urethra, had a treatment plan and estimate, and called me. She explained things so thoroughly, and was just as sweet and compassionate as she was before. During his 3 day stay, everyone was kind and helpful and sweet - whenever we called or visited. Based on our experience with Dr. Shebel, I would have to guess that everyone there is as kind and competent as she.
4	OK. I feel torn about this place. I used to love it. Really, really, really love it. I told everyone about it. I trusted them. I love the location.However, I have noticed that over the years the prices have steadily gone up. Also, we had an issue with boarding (they weren't there when they said they would be for us to pick up our dog and we waited for hours)I'm giving them 4 stars though because I'm not a jerk. I think they genuinely do care for the animals. I also think they have priced themselves out.
1	I agree with Andria P.If u r looking for a vet practice u can trust-keep looking. our "Sweet Boy" went in for his annual check -up in March2014.The vet that performed the check-up said he was in perfect health.She said he needed to get his teeth cleaned.The cost would be $325.00. A true money maker for her.My Sweet Boy didnt even have doggy breath!!! The teeth cleaning was scheduled for Apr 3 2014. While under anesthesia she called to say a tooth she didnt see on the annual needed to be pulled.The cost would be almost $600.00.She said its "best to do it while he is under'.Keep in mind when they clean dogs teeth all that bacteria is circulating in their mouth,not being suctioned out.Add an open wound from the tooth extraction,bacteria can enter the bloodstream,not a good combo!!  I picked my SweetBoy up on apr 3-on Apr 10 at 5AM I heard him get a drink at his water bowl-at 6AM I got up to find him DEAD at his water bowl.I was devastated to say the least.As any dog lover knows you have just lost your best friend!  He no longer waits at the window for me,runs to greet me at the door with a welcoming kiss. He was always at my side in the garden,taking walks,hanging out!    I  can't say the vet was very sympathic,(she was more concerned that her lawyer was in our presence when we spoke),than saying she was sorry for our loss.  I did alot of research due to her reaction-What I learned was first-do your research before agreeing to any procedure.There are risks to putting your dog under anesthesia(some dogs don't make it thru the teeth cleaning.Another risk is pulling teeth during teeth cleaning.If bacteria gets in the bloodstream SEPSIS can develop and go to the heart causing a massive heart attack.I read if your animal is going to have a tooth removed,it is advisable to start antibotics a week before the procedure so the antibotics can be effective for killing bacteria. D ON'T  let a vet play on your emotions to combine tooth cleaning with tooth pulling,SINCE your pet is already under anesthesia.Think about this, really how necessary is teeth cleaning? We had dogs growing up,they lived a long healthy life without being subjected to anesthesia to have their teethcleaned.    So with a cost well over $1000.00 between annual check-up,tooth cleaning,and extraction-I am walking alone,without my best friend,wishing I wish I had done my research on the risks-not given blind trust to this vet.Educate yourself,before trusting this vet with your best friend's life. I HOPE THIS ADVICE HELPS SOMEONE ELSE TO ADVOID THE HEARTBREAK OF THE LOSS OF THEIR BEST FRIEND.   My "SWEET BOY"would have been 6 in June. He was the happiest,sweetest best friend,who loved unconditionally.I MISS HIM EVERDAY,AND ALL THE SWEET TIMES WE SHOULD HAVE SHARED.
5	We recently switched from Coddle Creek animal hospital up in Concord to Commonwealth animal hospital due to our move. I was incredibly nervous to have to start all over again with a new set of doctors after such great care for the past eight years. I don't know what I was worried about!Dr. Watkins and Dr. Haver have been incredible. While our mixed breed has very few needs, our old Min Pin comes with a book of records that one would shake their heads at. Recently, we set up an appointment to have Chewy's teeth cleaned. Dr. Watkins put me at ease that my 13 year old could handle the anesthesia. Between the time that the appointment was set up and surgery today, Chewy developed a large mass on his toe. Dr. Haver jumped in to care for him I'm Dr. Watkins absence, and conferred with him during surgery. What a great team!Follow up is quick and communication is impeccable. They let me ask questions and take the time to answer them. One review said the pricing has gone up. I honestly don't notice the difference in pricing between here and Coddle Creek. I know my bill is going to be absurd, but that's what you get for not having pet insurance and having a geriatric and needy family member! I am so thankful to have found such great care for my boys, and I know that they will take care of any future pets we add to the family. Don't hesitate to give this practice a shot. They have a great team in place to take care of your family members!
4	CommonWealth Animal Hospital and Dr. Shebel specifically have been life savers for my pup! He had a very unusual stomach problem and fell very ill while we were out of town and I was a nervous wreck he wasn't going to make it! Dr. Shebel and the staff at commonwealth took AMAZING care of my little guy (so much so that it's his second favorite place to go on earth - 1st place, dog park) and he is luckily back on his feet. Dr. Shebel has been so accessible to answering my one million dog mommy questions and really cares about my little guy. Understanding the financial hardship of all that it took to get Morgy back to health, they definitely didn't try to kill us on costs like some of these reviews state. They've always been very fair price wise.  I couldn't ask for more in a vet or a vet's office!
5	When I first adopted my dog, I always thought I'd go to Commonwealth Animal Hospital. I had friends who also went there, and I had friends who worked there. Some how, I was swayed to a 24/7, big-box vet instead. It took me one visit there to immediately run to Commonwealth. You can't beat their customer service at ALL levels - from the front desk to the vets. They are caring, compassionate and fit my needs as a first-time pet parent. I'd highly recommend Commonwealth to those who who seek TLC with their pets!
5	What a wonderful vet.  They are so kind, from the front door to the Doctor.  I'm a crazy pet person with 3 dogs and 3 cats.  They all have their own special needs and requirements.  I frequently need to bring in more than one pet in at a time.  And the visits are smooth and convenient.  They are great at explaining the diagnosis and the follow-up treatment. Or recommendations during wellness visits.  I am always given options for treatment with their own positives and negatives. I am never pressured in one choice or another.   My pets have seen every Doctor there, and I would recommend you find the one you like that fits your personality.  Although, I have never had a bad visit with any of the Doctor's there and they are all professional.
