4	Not sure why this McDonald's is showing as closed. It is connected to the Terrible's gas station and still in business. They have a 24 hour drive-thru as well.I have never been inside, only ordered at the drive-thru. The employees are pretty friendly, they have fast service, and no problems with my orders so far.  I love the $1 large sweet teas!!I moved to the area a few weeks ago and have driven by here before, but could not remember if I saw a sign saying that they had a 24 hour drive-thru. So the first time I came here, I asked the cashier at the first window:Me: Is your drive-thru 24 hours?Employee: Ummm...... I think so? But I'm not sure. Do you want me to ask? Me: That's okay, I'll ask at the next window.LOL he works there and didn't know what their drive-thru hours were?!?! Come on!! Well, as I drove up to the second window to get my food, I saw the 24 hour sign. But still, as an employee, you should at least know what the restaurant's hours are right??
1	I came here to order a big Mac, (hadn't had one in years) and when I got it I kinda noticed it looked like crap so I decided to inspect it. When I did, and I took off the top bun I found that someone took a bite off of my fucking meat Patty!! I mean seriously I always tolerate the crappy service, and the stupid and careless Mexican lady that always takes my orders wrong ( I'm also a Mexican I promise I'm not racist or prejudice) in the mornings at the drive-thru, but c'mon seriously someone took a bite off of my fucking meat Patty!! I took it back to the register, and informed the cashier of my surprise, and he was kind enough to replace it for another Big Mac. I brought it back to my table, and I took it out of it's box, and guess what? It looked like shit! Seriously this thing looked so bad I wouldn't be surprised if it fucking winked at me! It looked as if an elephant had sat on it after it had finished taking a slim dump between two hamburger buns. Okay, now I know McDonalds isn't a five star restaurant, and I definitely know it isn't even a quality restaurant, but can't the customer at least expect some service quality? I mean seriously I couldn't even expect to receive a semi-attractive decent tasting burger or a Big Mac with its Patty as a whole. Ugh.. what can you do right?  GOD BLESS AMERICA
1	9 times out of 10 the service or food or both are horrible.  After getting my entire order wrong I waited while they made the correct meals.  At home 1 block away my meals were cold, hamburger looked and tasted like yesterdays.  The fries limp and loaded with oil.  If you can not get fresh fries at lunch time, when can you get it.  We will skip this McDonald it never improves
1	Omg this McDonald's is so rude, they don't smile and they look like they hate everyone. They always get my order wrong and I've been there only 3 times. Don't go here bad customer service.
1	Came here this morning around 2:30-3am with my friends through the drive thru, the guy refused to do two separate orders, was rude about it too, no one was behind us. And he forgot the ranch I paid for last minute. I will never go back while he is working , I'm an ex mcdonalds worker and never acted like that or else I'd get a write up / termination because they are not looking for rude people !
3	My mom needed to meet a client to pick up documents and I was her chauffeur for the day. The lobby is really nice, as is all their locations in the Southwest that I've been to, due to recent renovations. Very modern, classy, and extremely clean. This location featured an opaque black and white rendition of the Las Vegas Strip on the glass separating the restaurant from Terrible's convenience store. The new digital menus are really nice as well and easy to read. I don't really eat at McDonald's, so I can't say much about the food. What I do usually order and enjoy was their Vanilla Cone. Delicious non-fat vanilla soft serve in a light and crispy cone. The best part of this location is the fact that it is one of the very few corporate stores in the valley and offers the Vanilla Cone at just $0.49 ($0.53 after sales tax)!! What an awesome deal! Especially when franchised locations charge $1 and up.So, based on the nice, welcoming lobby and consistently delicious Cone, I have no complaints. BONUS: Free Wi-Fi and the lobby and drive-thru are open 24 hours!
5	I've been coming to this McDonalds for awhile now, though I don't go at 130 due to the obnoxious high school kids. But now there is a new owner and it seems as if he doesn't tolerate the loitering which I am so thankful for. I can actually bring in my toddler and not worry about what she's going to hear or see! This location is also extremely clean
1	This has got to be by far the worst mcdolalds that was ever created number one they never give you the right order number two they don't understand English number three they use their bare hands to prepare the food number four they make mistakes on your order and give you the attitude like if you did something wrong to them . It seriously is a misery to be in their store and the people who work in there give horrible costumer service & a little bit to rude to costumers , every restaurant should respect their costumers because if it's not for us you all wouldn't have a job !
5	This McDonald's is very clean. I don't eat fast food often,but I have returned to this location a few times.I can say the people who work here are nice and very fast. The only thing that is not great are the restrooms are old but it is in a gas station.
