5	Excellent restaurant with delicious dishes, drinks, and hookah bookah. I enjoyed the meals especially their dijlah dish, Tabuleh, humus, and grape leaves.
5	I give this restaurant 5 stars because of the iraqi kebab. This place has a nice atmosphere too.
5	I'll keep this short and to the point: Go here! I'm half Iraqi and this is the closest to my Mom's cooking I've found in this part of the country. I loved everything but especially the stuffed grape leaves, babaghanouj, and baklava. The babghanouj, in particular, tasted exactly like my Mom's.
3	Dijlah is a new edition to Butler St. and is still a work-in-progress. They have a hookah bar in the rear of the restaurant which is not approved for use as of this posting. Next, only 3 of the ~10 entrees were available for ordering that night despite the restaurant being nearly vacant showing some supply logistics still need to be improved. Lastly, the service is nearly inexistent. When we walked in, there was no host or employee to seat us. Once seated after several minutes of waiting, the person taking care of us was prompt to take our orders and serve the food but never returned to refill our drinks.I think all of these problems are remediable and look forward to seeing a more mature Dijlah.Now the food is certainly a bright spot. For appetizer, we split the Sigara Borek and Hummus. The borek is a fried thin dough pastry frilled with feta cheese or potatoes. I highly recommend the potato filled ones. The hummus had way to much tahini. If I wasn't one if those weirdos who like halva, then it would have been very unpleasant to eat the hummus. Our main courses were Chicken Shawarma and Iraqi Kebab. The chicken was lean but too dry for my liking. The kebab was fatty, greasy, and very well seasoned. It tasted like it was broiled rather than grilled. Regardless, I really liked the flavor and softness of the meat. I think the Iraqi kebab would be perfect as the meat of a burger.All in all, Dijlah is a place I'd return to once it has a bit more experience.
5	I'm a frequent flyer of Dijlah since it opened, and it is one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. They really know what they're doing. The lentil soup is AMAZING, the spinach and feta pies are to die for, and the falafel is the best I've ever had. AND they have hookah in the back! The owner is very friendly, as are all the employees. I hope to see Dijlah stay in the area for a VERY long time!!
5	I was here in Pittsburgh for one day, and I decided to have a lunch in Dijlah restaurant. The Iraqi kabob is so delicious. I highly recommend this place. I tried hundreds of Middle Eastern restaurants in Michigan and believe me... This is the best.
5	Really it is one of the best arabic restaurants i like it also the staff they are very nice also they have hookah far away from eating hall was very nice .
5	My boyfriend and I were excited to try this restaurant because it is very close to where we live. We were hungry for a late dinner and ordered some food to go to bring back home. The food was ready in about 15 minutes and everything was great! We are mostly veggie eaters so we each tried the falafel wrap, which was excellent. The falafel was crispy and warm, grilled with veggies in a pita wrap. The wraps came with a fresh cucumber sauce that we put on the wraps, a great addition. We tried the tabouli, which was also fresh and delicious. We also shared a spinach + feta pie from the appetizer section. This was a LOT of fresh food for a great price, we will definitely be going back. Highly recommended.
4	I had been in middle east for few yrs so i was looking for arabic food and found this restaurant through yelp so thought of giving a try and it didn't disappoint me ... I ordered mixed kebab plate that comes with rice and pita bred there was chicken beef and Iraqi kebab ( grounded beef)  and it tasted  good I asked for hummus to go with pita  bred had a yogurt drink at the end ... Overall good experience
4	We recently wondered in here on a whim and were not disappointed! We split the appetizer platter that included hummus, baba ganoush, tabouli, red tabouli, grape leaves and pita. Fantastic! My boyfriend had the Iraqi kabob while I enjoyed the shwarma plate. Bothe were wonderful. Great location close to home with delicious food and very affordable.
3	Great food and kabas specially the iraqi kababs but the service is very very poor! We had to ask multiple times for bread and water! They kept forgetting our requests and had to be reminded multiple times! Also they changed the order after taking long time saying they ran out of the rice which we ordered! Takes too long to process orders also! Would never go here for bad service but for iraqi kabas maybe !!
1	Only giving one star because zero stars isn't allowed. No stars. I ordered a falafel sandwich and a chicken shwarma sandwich. I asked for no pita with the shwarma, they charged me for a platter ($6 more... And still used pita) SEVENTEEN dollars for some crappy rice chicken and a mediocre falafel sandwich and on top of that there was a hair. Thanks but no thanks. Total fail.
