4	Great addition to Las Vegas!!!With the closure of Scandia, Mountasia and a few other mini-golf spots, im glad to see a new one.Course is fun and challenging at the same time.Would recomend going.
4	If you like to try out this miniature golf course, there is a Groupon promotion for 4 rounds of golf for $15.  That is 4 rounds of putting fun for 4 adults, which normally costs $8.50 per adult (age 13 and up), which must be redeemed in a single visit and expires Dec 30, 2010. But you have to get this Groupon today (June 29, 2010).http://www.groupon.com/r/uu2520261I bought one and will will setup a UYE for it at some late date.
4	Groupon introduced this nice little place to us that was more than a wee bit away from the strip.It truly was a miniature golf course as the name implies.  It's not the mini-golf courses you'd find as places like Scandia with the windmills and trick holes.  It's as if they found a real golf course with the greens, rough, and sand traps and shrunk it.Fun all the way around!
3	There isn't much to choose from for miniature golfing in Las Vegas - so I'm just happy that there is this one to go to!  If you are expecting a traditional mini golf course with windmills, waterfalls and cool obstacles, then you'll be disappointed.  However, this course has a full 18 holes and is well thought out - the terrain is pretty challenging.  It's pretty cool at night too since they have balls and holes that glow (lol).  One thing I'd like to see is the PAR # at each hole - that was missing and it's always good to see how many strokes each hole should be.  I feel like it's a tad overpriced at 8.50 per person - it should be a buck or two less in my opinion.  But it's something to do if you're bored on the weekends - especially now since its cooler in the evenings.  I might go back one of these days.
3	This miniature golf course is not the Scandia-type of putt putt.  There are no windmills, laughing clowns, castles or crazy contraptions.  The name says it all: this is all about putting.  It's an 18-hole putting course, with some holes having a second, more challenging path to the hole.  Other than that, it's not going to offer the same kind of amusement to children if they've been to Scandia-type places before.  That's not a bad thing, just something to be aware of when you head down here.  Pricing was $8.50 per person.  They have signs saying that during Friday and Saturday nights the course has glow in the dark balls and illuminated holes.  I would file this as one of those places that you end up going to when you have no other plans, but still want to be out of the house.
4	I don't have a whole lot to add that hasn't been said already...It's a fun little place.  They've packed a lot into a little area, and many of the holes are challenging and fun.  It doesn't have all the bells and whistles of the Scandia-type places, and it's a bit over-priced, but for those of us who are desperate for good family fun here in Vegas, I guess we're willing to pay for it!   We'll definitely go back.  Hopefully with a coupon.
3	The wife and I came here on a date. We came at night for the glow in the dark mini-golf experience. It was definitely a fun experience. The course is what I would describe as desert mini-golf. Lots of rocks, sand traps, etc. The course has lights at night, and they have a pretty nice outdoor sound system, which was playing Mix 94.1 the night we played. We came on a cold night, so we could go at our own leisurely pace. I found the course more challenging than other mini-golf places, and at night, you can't see everything, so that was fun too. We had a Groupon, so didn't have to pay the $8.50 price for adults. If the price was cheaper, I'd imagine I'd give it another star. We will definitely be back. This would also be a fun place to bring kids.
4	So I have been hanging on to my Groupon for 4 rounds of miniature golf for awhile, and it was about to expired, so after it finally stopped raining I organized a last minute outing to Putt Park.  Upon arrival, I am somewhat disappointed, as I was expecting windmills, castles and such within my vision of a mini golf course.  Instead, it is just a mini golf course built in a parking lot, which is then fenced off.  But in spite of my mini golf stereotype being shattered, the entire mini golf outing turned out to be a lot of fun.  Putt Park managed to squeezed 18 holes and a practice putting green within a fairly small square footage of space, almost like magic.  And the course was fun to play, and I can see this as a fun and relaxing way to spend some quality time with your friends, doing an activity that is a little different from the regular routine. If I have to point out some things I didn't like or could be improved upon for Putt Park, it would be the maintenance on some of the lights on the course. For serious and very competitive mini golfers, having good lighting to see the lay of the course is critical in completing a good round of mini golf.  For others, it is a bonus challenge to the course. The office/shop where you go to rent your club(s) and get your colored golf balls is just immediately across from the mini golf course, and it is just a large room with a few wooden picnic tables, 2 games, a refrigerator with beverages for sale and a counter where the Putt Park employee works behind.  Nothing too special, but very functional.They offer annual passes and have other promotions.  For birthday parties, they have a trophy to give out.  I think Putt Park is a fun place to hang out or to organize a get together at, especially during the cooler time of the year in Las Vegas.  During the hot summer months, I don't think it will be as fun to go to, since it does take some time to work your way through the 18 holes course, especially if you are with a large group or stuck behind one.
3	Well, the place is just all right. It'll do in a pinch, since we don't have any other outdoor miniature golf courses in Vegas. I miss the days of putting through windmills, dragons and castles with moving parts. Scandia, Golf n Stuff, SOMETHING! My friend had the Groupon for this course, so we took advantage of it and came here one evening. The course is pretty straight forward. There are some tricky shots and a few sand traps, but nothing too crazy. Pretty fun place to bring the kids on a relatively cool day or probably better in the evenings for cosmic golfing when summer comes around. Unfortunately, I came in last in our group, my fella took the victory. I won't hold it against them the that I did so poorly, of course. ;-)Worth a trip if you've never been.
4	We came here for the second time today. The first time was about two years ago but I saw a livingsocial deal for two rounds with two drinks so I bought it thinking my husband and son could go together for Father's Day. However, I found out that kids under a certain age (my kids are 1 & 4, so it's at least under 5) are free so we were all able to go. Now, I've seen this place many times while driving so I knew the first time that there were going to be no crazy mini-golf windmills or anything fancy, just some cute, wholesome, family time. At night they turn on their twinkle lights and break out the glow stick balls for cosmic golfing which I think would be decently romantic for a date, but since we had the kiddies, we opted to go in the day. There are 18 holes and each hole has a challenging aspect to it such as rough grass, sand, tunnels, rocks, or different paths to take. It took us over an hour to finish the holes which makes it worth the money and we all had fun. My one complaint is that the landscaping has a lot of big boulders as well as rocks everywhere and the instinct of all children will be to walk/jump on them so it can be difficult to contain them in what is supposed to be, a place for kids.
3	Is what it is... Mini golf is something I love and always manage to have fun while I'm doing it. The course is very badly designed. There is no real hole in one line on any hole like there is with many other mini golf courses, so the play can be difficult and frustrating if you are at all competitive. Plus there are bunkers witch is about the stupidest thing I've ever seen. All this being said, it's still mini golf and it's really fun to play with friends or on a date or with your kids. If you haven't played here check it out for yourself and drop a yelp...
2	No replayability, terrible signage, lack of hole diversity. I mean no Pars are listed and the holes all have a different difficulty. However, the difficulty is only present in a first play through. Once you play a hole you learn it's secret. Half of the holes are basically the same gimick anyways. To top it all off there is no Windmill. Worth the one time.
2	This place really makes me miss Scandia.  Like others have stated, there are no fun structures like a windmill but I guess it's worth one visit.  We saw the pictures beforehand and thought, "Hey, it's outdoors!"  When we got there, we realized, "Hey, it's in the parking lot!"  Bleh.  It seems to be fairly well maintained but it's very small.  Some holes have two paths to choose from but the harder path won't get you much closer to the holes than the easier path.  Nice idea, poor implementation.  The thing I disliked most about it, however, was the fact that they do not seem to filter out the songs that get played on the course.  During the second hole with our 8-year-old daughter, we had to listen to some song repeating "Kiss my ass" over and over.  That was inappropriate.  Just because it's Top 40, doesn't mean it's suited for all ages.  We won't be back.
3	This was fun for a date night. Like other reviews I miss Scandia! But this will do, its free for kids under 5 with a paying adult so that makes it a pretty good deal, for 2 adults, it was 17.00 which I thought was a bit much. I saw a young kid having a birthday party there and I would think that would be fun!
4	Like some people below mentioned, there's nothing terribly inventive at this course, but it's still reasonably fun as an 18-hole putting green. However, I'm giving this an extra star because of the service. I took a date, and there were a bunch of kids there that night who were playing through all of the holes we were on (without asking, just while we were putting). We decided to just leave on the 10th hole. We went inside to return our putters, and the man at the counter said, "You didn't finish, did you? Too many kids?" He looked a sincerely concerned, and he immediately gave us four free passes to come again. We weren't even angry, and we hadn't said anything at all to him about it, he just knew that we hadn't spent long on the course. Major kudos to him for being proactive and sincerely invested in the customer experience/loyalty. I only wish I'd had the foresight to get his name. This was the evening of 11/10/11, in case management looks at this.
2	My friends and I actually had a lot of fun here.The reason why I'm giving this place a two is cause the lady working was so rude about us finishing our last hole because they were closing.
3	Well..I guess this is as good as it gets in Vegas for putt-putt. I just dont understand why a city of such entertainment cant get me a good putt-putt park with some cool tricks and water bridges or loopty loops as part of the course. I had a good time because it was a nice day and there are a few sand traps and slopes but thats about it. Tip Kids under 6 are free if you have children. I'd go back but cant say it was that great.
1	Terrible. Just terrible. Expensive & no fun to play. They actually have real sand traps!!  They gave me a putter...with real sand!!!  I didn't have my wedge with me so the whole experience was lost on me. I'm still trying to figure out the sand traps. It's called putt-putt for a reason!!  Not chip & putt.  It's poorly built and impossible to get a hole in one. Everybody plays putt-putt to get a chance at a whole-in-one on every whole...no chance on any hole here!!  Terrible!!
2	Prepaid for 8 rounds on Groupon and when I checked in with my gf, they told me I had to use all 8 rounds that day.  Total crock.  Unfriendly desk gal.  Only reason for 2 stars is that the course itself it fun...everything else: Meh.
3	I had these visions of a gran miniature gold resort with winding paths and waterways.  Not sure why, all the reviews say it is nice and small, and quiet....they were right.Located about 20 minutes or so West of the strip (for those from out of town needing a reference) this place is small, and a total local / non-touristy place.  Just what I wanted.The kids that were "running" the place were nice and polite.The course was well kept, except for 5 or 6 of the 18 holes had sand all over them from the sand trap that were not properly cleaned up.A fun course, without weird obstacles or hooplah to maneuver around, but still fit the bill for fun mini-golf.I volunteered to sweep up the sand around each messy hole (I didn't want to try and put through tons of sand on the green) and he felt bad for not doing it himself and gave us free passes to come back, which was really cool.I would go back, but not make a special trip.  It's outdoors, clean and quiet, sometimes that's all you want/need.
5	Co-workers and I had a visit to play mini-golf during one of our Friday lunch break. We all had allot of fun here and I really don't have any complaints. Nice to have this place close to work. If you have time check out Rons Market next store they have really good food to go. I got the number 5 chicken. It takes about 20 minutes to make but I thought it was pretty freaking delish.
1	Don't even waste your time or gas it's a total rip off. not to mention the man who owns this Mr. Jim Rhodes is a crook.  If I could give it negative stars I would.
1	Please save your money and stay away from this place! We thought it sounded like fun for a Saturday afternoon. You couldn't make me return, even if the golf was free. The course is in horrible condition; turf peeling back, sand everywhere from the traps, and each "fun" hole your ball would end up getting stuck. The icing on the cake was the employee's kids running amuck all over the course, running across the holes we were on or playing in the sand traps. Sad I wasted $17 on a business that takes no pride in their establishment.
3	A-OK!The park is tiny, but still has 18 holes. It is not relatively exciting, a slope here and there, some sand, and that is pretty much it. No Windmills, animals with openings, castles, or something crazy. Go to King Putt if you want all that. Neon night is silly, the balls glow a bit, and some lights here and there. Not sure if it is because I suck at mini golf, but I feel like the "fences" to prevent the balls from getting off track need to be a bit higher. Would be fine for a cheap date, kids birthday party, don't want to travel far, and a quick competition between friends.
3	So, not bad for a Vegas out door mini golf joint. It's super basic and simple, and I have to admit I did miss the fun windmills, castles, & crazy characters But it certainly hits the spot when you're in need of a competitive game against your significant other!I got a hole in one and he didn't! Loser!
3	Our friends were nice enough to let us join in on there Putt Park Groupon. We planned it for after sunset since it's been so hot. We still worked up a sweat but had fun and laughs while doing it.  This course has 18 holes but they simulate a regular golf course more than a carnival game. It was fun but I missed the windmill, alligator mouth kind of game. Games were a bit pricey at $8.50 a game. Staff was friendly. Equipment was in pretty good shape, a few of the greens are in need of some repair, but it makes the game that much more interesting.
4	Maybe I was buzzed at the time, but I found this place really entertaining!  I went after a day on the town with family and I was absolutely amazed by what they were able to do with a parking lot.  This is the type of place that if you aren't looking for it, you will drive right by it... as I have no less than 20 times, but I would definitely recommend.  There is a little office rented across the parking lot from the 'course' that sells water and schedules tee times (I don't mean the sarcasm, but I don't know how else to describe it).The course is very neatly packed into a fenced area that used to be about 15-20 parking spaces with all of the amenities we have come to love and expect from a world class miniature golf course.  There are forks and sand... I even think I remember water on one of the holes.  They even have a patio or two with Christmas lights hanging if you are looking for a more intimate, romantic experience on the back 9.All jokes aside, this is a neat place and relatively cheap.  I hadn't mini-golfed in years and I had a great time.  Great place to take kids, fun for the whole family...
1	I agree with the MANY negative reviews left by Yelpers, and truly am perplexed by the positive reviews that this business has. It is grossly over*priced, badly*maintained, and about the least amount of fun I have ever had at a miniature golf. An argument has been established by some reviewers of this establishment that it is alright "for Vegas" and therefore handicap their rating(s) to something higher that it deserves due to this. I do not agree with this one bit. As a child, I remember going to a mini-golf in ROCHESTER, Fn New York (one or two months of summer, max) and it was about three times the size of this dump and perhaps ten times more fun. Honestly, save your money and go bowling instead, or put it in a trip fund so when you go on a roadtrip to CA you go to a real mini-golf place. The reason why we visited this business was because of a purchase from a daily deal (Best of RJ); it was supposed to be for two games. When we went to redeem it one afternoon -- the only ones there, of course -- we were informed that we still owed half of the cost of  what two games cost, even though the voucher clearly stated that it was to be redeemed for two games, either for one person to play two separate games or two people to play one game each. My girlfriend paid the dumb extortion that they were asking for because we had driven all the way down there; needless to say that the other voucher that I had remaining for this business, I simply tossed int he recycle bin. Not even worth the trouble if they were not asking; they should really be paying you for the time you will be wasting here. I would rate it lower than one star if it were possible. - E
4	If you are looking for a little fun in the sun then head on over to the Putt Park for a round of putt putt. *Clean facility*Pleasant staff*Well kept greens*Inexpensive My boyfriend and I are pretty competitive and we love this place for a little dose of good fun! After you finish your round then head next door to Rambo's Kitchen for $2 off food or a yummy milk shake :)
2	Course: 2The course is small. The pictures make it looks like a legit vacation style course - but it the holes are all on top of each other in a 30 yard square fenced in area in a parking lot. And every hole has an opening without a wall to keep the ball on the course (where you walk to the next hole). This makes it very difficult - and it was common for balls to come flying at us when someone behind us hit it with a normal firmness.Additionally - if you have to step off the course to go to the bathroom or grab something from the car during a game, this is a MAJOR problem. There are no walkways or easy ways out - you have to walk back through the holes that people are playing - since there is only one opening in the fence. Bad design.However, the holes themselves are decent and fairly clever considering the lack of space.Location: 3If you are staying on the strip, getting to this course takes longer than you think - even if you have a car. You need to factor in walking to self parking at your hotel, driving then reparking and walking when you get back. But if you have a whole afternoon to burn, this is not a bad location.Cosmic Golfing: 1Totally not worth it. This course is in a parking lot so all they do is put up some cheap rope lights. Based on the website, I thought it would be like cosmic bowling.Value: 3Cheaper than KISS golf down on the strip ($8 Putt Park, $12 at KISS). But $8 is still too much for what this course offers.Groupon Value: 4The foursome pack made it about $4 per person. The store won't honor the groupon price - so you have to buy through groupon.Overall: 2Come golf on a nice sunny day. Otherwise, stay away.
4	I found this place fun. Me and a couple friends came and the guy working was helpful and polite. The whole could've been more challenging. But we all still had fun. There were no problems having the location in a parking lot. I will definitely come back again.
3	Thanks to Anthony M. for treating us to mini golf. The course is small and can be finished off rather quickly. On Sunday, it was not so bad since we were all freezing and were okay with finishing as soon as possible. During spring time, it would be nice to just go about the course at a leisurely pace and maybe even going through it a few times. The variation was not too different between each hole, but none of us will be joining the PGA anyways. We could not cheat to save our lives. It is entertaining for what it is, but I miss the old days of a larger and more complicated field.
3	What's better than mini golf? Mini golf with drunk people! After DW we came here to pass some time before those who did bottomless mimosas red glow receeded. Thanks Anthony M. for treating us to mini golf. You're nice and sassy when you're drunk. I think the name Putt Park is accurate as it was more like putting course than mini golf with fun themes. So judging purely from the course though, I wish they tried to at least make a few of them more difficult and unique. There were some that was rather similar. Still it was a good way to pass time and have fun bonding silly time with some of the best people. We did try to play a normal game, at least I did since I was pretty sober, but the drunkeness took over. A few times it took everyone to get the ball in which was entertaining. Aayyeeehehe. For $8.50 it is decent enough and at least your ball doesn't disappear into a hole that takes it like a lot of mini golf places does. It could have replay value I suppose if you really like to putt and get the most out of your admission, but once was good for us. Best advice - come here after being plastered at DW during brunch and it would be way more fun and be a great way to spend your afternoon like we did.(Yelp 100 Challenge 23/100)
4	This place is like a corner oasis in Suburbia.  It doesn't even look like there are 18 holes but there are!We had a blast.  The lively club style pop hits keep the game upbeat.  We danced our way around the greens.  There aren't any of the treasures you may remember from childhood mini golf such as the windmill, but the holes vary in difficulty.  The guy inside was perfectly pleasant.  My sister even got to add her name to hole in one  chalkboard wall.  Definitely a nice way to spend tie with friends or family close to home.  Can't wait to put again.
3	To my knowledge The Putt Park is the only outdoor mini golf place in Vegas.  Unfortunately the footprint it has in the parking lot is about as big as an indoor course.  One thing I do enjoy is the challenge though, and the sand traps strategically placed behind the hole keep the course interesting.I feel like I've played much better courses in Florida, Michigan and California for the price, however the Putt Park is what we've got and it satisfies my mini golf craving every few months.
5	i enjoyed this little outdoor putt putt place with my wife and kid.
4	Super fun place to play putt putt!While it's not a very big course, it has a lot of challenge to it and is a great way to spend an hour or so kicking your date's butt. Ahem. :)It's not terribly expensive, it's easy to find, the employees are really friendly and helpful and the course is really clean. I think the only thing I really didn't like about it is that it's not very big and doesn't have a lot of shade so you stand in the hot sun a lot. I was sweating to death when I was finished. It's also only 9 holes which is a really short course for what you pay. It evens out to almost $1 a hole. Of course it's in a parking lot so it can't be that big, but too bad, because the concept is great. I really enjoyed the course, wished it was longer, but will definitely go back!
4	I see the negative reviews, yea, yea but as I like to put at the end of my reviews "this is only MY opinion, try it out for yourself and form your own opinion of the place"True to the fact, this the only outdoor mini-golf place in Vegas.  It is situated in a commercial retail strip mall, at the southeast corner of the parking lot.  Don't drive too fast, you might pass it up, I DID.  I was looking for something different w/ my little guy (he's 3) there was a Groupon this place.  I'm glad I check the the website before purchasing the Groupon, I would've be PO, kids under 6 are FREE and adults are $8.50.  Not too bad for a night out w/ the wonder boyThis place is more for little kids, 8 and under seems about the right age.  18-holes of miniature golf, in a space about the size of half of a football field.  At night they have cosmic mini-golf, they insert glow sticks into clear golf balls.  It's very exciting for a 3 yr old,h e had the time of his life and was upset that we had to leave.  I had the time of my life b/c my baby was having funIf you want to get away from the strip (and this is far away from the strip) and do something different w/ your little ones, this is something to try.  Any night out w/ your kid is priceless, $8.50 is not breaking the bank.  We'll be backbut this is only my opinion, try it out and form your own opinion of this palce
4	We utilized a groupon to play at this golf park.  Me and my girls had a great time and would definitely go back again.  Fun times!
3	We are from NY and was bummed that we couldn't find an outdoor mini golf but then we found this one on Yelp! The pictures online make it seem like the park is huge but it is very small-only one course. They didn't invest much on decorating the place like with windmills or blockades. So if you think it's going to be like the mini golf in other states, guess again. But all in all it was a nice day outside. Our kids loved it! This place is NOT ghetto like the other yelper described. They had the majority of the holes covered with shade or trees so that was nice. So if you're looking for something fun to do with the kids this would be a nice thing to do.
1	Don't waste your time or money. Could be a great place if:The staff was friendlierThe course was better taken care ofThere were misters throughout the course There was lighting in the evening.   Even dim lighting There was more covering throughout the course. Disappointed. Do not plan to return. Could easily be so much better with some simple improvements.
3	This place is fun but it could use some upgrades.First of all they should post the prices. Second some of the green on the courses need replaced and third the sand could be cleaned up a little in the course.They have a few games on the inside of the store but they could have more and there snack area could be upgraded.There r a few tables inside the store probably for parties. The two guys working on the inside r really nice.U should come at least once.Great music playing in the back round.
2	When your website advertises that your doors open at 10:00 a.m. on Saturday, it's generally a good idea to open your doors at 10 a.m. on Saturday. Instead, I'm sitting here in a car trying to explain to a couple kids why we can't do what they've been looking forward to all week. Well played, Putt Park.
1	Terribly maintained. The greens are worn and ripped all over the place. Nice layout, but I just had to shake my head at how poorly maintained this place was. It was as if management never took a look. Just awful.
