4	Brought my dog in with a deep bite wound after getting in a fight with our other dog. We were seen right away. The vets were very caring and explained what they did and how to take care of her wound. Very reasonably priced. The staff could be a bit friendlier, but I think we've found our vet.
5	Very good and honest Veternarian office with great service and prices and quality and integrity and compassion
5	I echo the sentiments of the last reviewer: "Very good and honest Veterinarian office with great service and prices and quality and integrity and compassion."We've been taking our dog to another vet for the last 8 years or so and have grown increasingly disappointed with the other vet's staff, prices and overall service. Lo and behold, a friend recommended Parkway Springs and we've never looked back. Unlike our previous vet, they don't try to up-charge us for every little thing and recommend unnecessary services and extra procedures. They actually act like they care about our dog. Go figure...In addition to veterinary services, they also have onsite grooming and boarding at fair prices. So happy to have found such a great place for our fur-kid!
5	Very reasonable pricesVery caring and kind
5	I have been taking my dog to this office for the last 4 years, and would never imagine going anywhere else. The prices are great, the staff is friendly, and the vets don't try to scare you or upsell you into unnecessary procedures. The vets are also very thorough and caring.
5	Great veterinarian, wonderful boarding experiences and professional grooming services. I wouldn't take my dog anywhere else. I highly recommend Dr. Jones and Parkway Animal Springs Hospital.
5	Good vets, clean facility, reasonable prices.  Trio made of win.
5	Dr. Jones is part of our Family, meaning he has been in my dogs life for 20 years.Excellent Veterinarian, he always give good advice, I see that he really cares about our pets. I wouldn't trust anyone other than Dr, Jones. Highly recommended.
5	Love this place they always do what's best for my lil fur baby! Prices are great and they are polite and informative.
1	Brought my dogs in here twice. First time I brought my dogs in to stay here for a week, when I picked them up one was limping. Ok whatever stuff happens.  Brought them in a second time for another week a few months later. One of them was limping again and eye was kinda wonky and shut as if had been kicked.  I am never bringing my dogs back here again. I Do not trust these people at all.
