5	I recently used Gals Walking Pals for an extended weekend to take care of my dog. I was a little nervous, as Henri has some special needs - he's a deaf boxer & has a hard time navigating other animals. So other visits to a pet resort / boarding facility gave been disastrous! I saw some cards for gals walking pals at my starbucks and decided to give them a call. They were easy to schedule & more importantly came over to meet Henri in my home before I left town. They offer a lot of services & I chose to have Henri stay at my house & the gals came over to play with him everyday. I came home to a clean, happy dog and a poop-free back yard! The gals even texted me updates & a pic of Henri enjoying himself! They also picked up my mail & left some doggy treats for Henri! I was impressed with the gals & will use them again.
5	Dogs are beloved family members, and Gals Walking Pals become an extended part of the family.  Brittney welcomed Caesar into her home for five days and treated him as if he was her own. Without my asking her to do so, Brittney texted photos and updates to me on almost a daily basis, thereby assuring me that Caesar was thriving under her care. As a side benefit, Caesar and Brittney's dogs have become best buddies.  I look forward to using Gals Walking Pals services again and again and again and, needless to say, I would recommend them to anybody!!!
5	Thank you girls for the amazing job you did with my dogs while I was gone. Madden clearly got her meds, and both dogs were extremely well taken care of in the same fashion I would spoil them...you ladies are second to none.
5	Can't say enough good things about Brittney! I've had her walk and take care of my two high energy pitties over a long weekend. She came for a meet and greet and they instantly loved her. She was able to walk both even with their poor leash behavior. One was on medication which she gave with no problem. Also I add quite a few supplements to their food which she didn't bat an eye at. Kept me up to date with pics and texts without needing to ask. Came home to very happy and content pups! Definitely will use again and have recommended to a friend.
5	Brittney is amazing! My husband and I were very stressed looking for somewhere for our pups to go while we were on vacation. They had a blast with Brittney and she made us feel so comfortable leaving them in her home. You can tell she really loves animals. She sent regular texts, pictures and videos to update us. Then when we picked them up she gave us a framed picture of our dogs, treats, a thank you, had washed their bedding and given them each a bath! What more can you ask for? I will definitely be recommending these girls to friends and family.
5	I can't say enough about Gals Walking Pals.   Vacations can be stressful planning for someone to watch our dog.  We've boarded her once at a vet and have had various friends watch her, but i didn't feel comfortable with either since she looked miserable at the vet and we felt like we were imposing on our friends. When I heard about Gals Walking Pals, I was excited because I worked with Taylor in the past and I knew I could trust her.  Win Win!  Taylor watched our dog Shandy 2 separate weekends in June and it was SO nice not having to worry about her.  Shandy stayed with Taylor and her two dogs over at Taylor's house and she had a blast! She sent me pictures and updates throughout the weekends which was really sweet. We thoroughly enjoyed our vacations knowing our pup was in good hands and can't wait to use Gals Walking Pals again soon :) I highly recommend their services!
5	We recently used Gals Walking Pals while on vacation for 8 days.  We were in a bind, because our other pet sitter could not watch our pets.  I tried Gals Walking Pals, based on all the good reviews here. We have three big dogs (one doesn't like strangers) and three cats, and it's not easy finding someone who is willing to step into our house to watch all our animals.  When we first met them for a consultation visit, they immediately came across as true professionals, and all of our dogs like them, so I felt very comfortable having them watch our babies.  While we were away, they sent us photos and/or video of all our pets, every single day.  They stayed in touch throughout each day to let us know how things were going.  When we came back home, the house looked great and the animals were clearly loved and well taken care of.  Both Brittney and Taylor are awesome (they shared the pet sitting duties while we were gone).  I can't say enough great things about these gals, and we're very grateful for the care they provided our "furry kids".  And they left us framed photos of our babies... bonus!!  (so sweet of them)  We will definitely use them again!
5	Words cannot express how great Gals Walking Pals treated my dogs! I have the assurance that my dogs will be loved and cared for while I travel. Trustworthy,  professional, enthusiastic, and awesome girls,  great prices, and plenty of communication.
