5	So exciting to see my baby boy! My midwife wasn't going to do an ultrasound until I was 20 weeks and we couldn't wait to find out the sex. Friends of ours recommended Prenatal Peek and we were delighted. The price was very affordable and we got several quality pictures of our little bean.The service was wonderful. The room is large and cozy, with a large wall-mounted tv to watch the ultrasound. The bed was very comfortable and my mom and husband were able to relax on squashy armchairs. The technician (who is also the owner) was friendly and excited along with us as she showed us our baby.We just got back from the ultrasound at my midwife's office and it made Prenatal Peek's look so much better. I'm so glad we were able to go there and have that experience!
5	I had a wonderful experience at Prenatal Peek.  Check their website for deals, I was told they change them monthly. You can also schedule your appointment online without having to call - you'll get an email confirmation. You also get a goodie bag when you're done - mine contained loads of coupons as well as a whole bottle of formula.The place was a little hard to find from the road. I had to do a u-turn at one point - they could do with a larger sign.  The place pretty much looks like a very little house. The inside was clean and cozy.The viewing room surprised me. It's rather large and filled with really comfortable seating. The bed I laid on was super comfortable and I probably could have fallen asleep on it. The ultrasound technician was amazing. She was so friendly and made me feel very comfortable. My baby girl was being really difficult and not turning around to show us her face, then when I finally got her to move she had her face right in the placenta which pretty much looks like a ball of clay on the screen.  We were only able to peek at parts of her face when she moved around.  The technician was very patient and even suggested that we could come back later in the day or reschedule for another day without having to pay again. Eventually, my baby moved enough for us to get a clear shot - such chubby cheeks!I highly recommend Prenatal Peek for your 3D/4D ultrasounds. I had one done at 20 weeks, but I wanted another one for scrap booking as my baby would be more developed. They're affordable (insurance usually doesn't cover more than 2 ultrasounds) and accommodating.  (I was 33 weeks when I went to Prenatal Peek)
5	There are so many great things to say about Prenatal Peek. I loved being able to schedule our appointment online. There is nothing more annoying than filling out a form on a site and having to wait for someone to call you back. I received a confirmation email within 5 minutes of making the appt, as well as a reminder call from the company a few days prior. From the second we walked in it was a great experience. The viewing room was big and cozy and would easily hold 6-7 additional viewers. Little one was being very uncooperative and our technician took an extended amount of time getting her to turn out of the placenta for some great photos. The 3d experience is SO much better than the standard 2d profile that you get at the regular OB's office. It's extremely affordable as well. I'll be recommending them to everyone.
5	Since we have 3 daughters, my hubby was dying to know the sex of our unborn (at 15 wks). So, we all went down to Prenatal Peek today.I scheduled the Quick Peek online. I received a reminder email the day before and a verification phone call the afternoon before. I knew to ask about parking when they called (thanks to other reviews!). Drive between the two little cream colored houses (one is an insurance business) and park in the rear. The front waiting room was nice enough. Not overly fancy...but, better than the kinda "sketchy" feeling of the exterior. The room where you actually get your ultrasound is very comfortable! The people here are amazing. Due to a completely uncooperative baby, our 15 min session turned into 45 min. No one was scheduled immediately after me....so, they kept at it until he opened up his legs. I had to get out of bed to drink, eat, and move around twice to get him to move. But, it worked. They are amazingly patient and were genuinely excited to find out it's a boy (probably b/c they felt sorry for my husband who is completely out-numbered). This being our 4th, I could have waited until my dr's ultrasound in 2 1/2 weeks. But, I'm glad we went.
5	Prenatal peek is simply amazing, clean facility welcoming staff. My wife couldn't wait to find out the sex of our baby so or ob had their flyer in his office so we decided to check them out. We have been back for a second time to get the DVD and 4d imaging however our baby boy wouldn't show us his face so they rescheduled us again at no charge to get the photos! Awesome service
5	Loved our experience here! The fact that you can schedule your appt online is a huge plus and they send you confirmations via email and call you the day before which with pregnancy brain....was awesome!! Walked in and we were greeted by our ultrasound tech...the place is very small but adorable. Seems to be an older home that they converted which added a warm, welcoming feel to the location. Our ultrasound tech was John and he was amazing! He seemed just as excited about seeing her as we were and was very warm and seemed like a genuinely nice person.  This is our first child so we were super excited to see our baby GIRL!! He knew right away and explained why it was so easy and what we were looking at. He spent a little bit of extra time with us and seeing as how we were his last appt of the day, I was surprised that he didn't rush us out so he could leave. The whole experience was amazing and he even took time after to give us some advice. Love this place and will be going back for a second session when I'm further along
5	I don't even know where to start with this review because the whole experience was GREAT.  My wife and live in California but her family is in AZ.  Well my mom has been with us for our regular ultrasounds so we thought it would be a good idea to do the 3D for her family.  Well, first let me say the location is not very big so make sure you are looking for it when driving by, but don't let that fool you.  The setting is very comforting, relaxing and just has a very homey appeal to it.  Right from the get go I got nervous because well we weren't expecting her whole family to show up meaning a total of 12 of us.  These people did not fret, we asked who could go in and they said bring them all.  They brought in extra chairs for everyone to have a seat.  This alone was worth 5 stars, However there's more, I couldn't have asked for two wonderful ladies as kind as can be.  While we were watching the ultrasound on the TV the Technician was also explaining to us what was going on.  They take their time, take great pictures and make this experience incredible.The price is also great, for those of you that are wondering :).  We made an appointment about 2 months in advance on-line (convenient).  On their website they have a $99 special.  We asked them about that and without a flinch they said "oh yes, wonderful" your total will be $99.  If you are looking for a great experience that will remain with you forever, this place is worth the drive.
5	Honestly, I don't know where to start. From start to finish the entire experience with Prenatal Peak was PERFECT. He was so helpful while booking the appointment. Called day before appointment to confirm... Then the appointment itself was AMAZING. I so wish I could remember the sonographers name (you'd think I would. It was just yesterday) but I can't say enough good things about her.  She was so excited just as much as me and daddy it seems. We got to see our LITTLE GIRL. I can't wait to go back in a couple months :)
5	The staff here are extremely personable and friendly. The room was big enough to accommodate my 7 family members and was really comfortable. The goodie bag was filled with lots of great stuff too! Overall, we were extremely pleased with our experience and recommend it to anyone looking for a great ultrasound place!
5	What a great place. Nothing but great things about this place. John was wonderful and we would highly recommend this to anyone. We live in Gilbert and it was so worth the drive!
5	Found this amazing place online & i'll admit I was a little nervous just based on the exterior. But when I walked in I was pleasantly surprised!! I was warmly greeted by a man that was just the nicest & taken back to the ultrasound room. It was so nice & comfy in there. Definitely big enough to bring the whole family if you want to. The ultrasound tech, I think Rachael was her name, was the best. So sweet & made me feel super comfortable. She let me know all the parts & was getting excited right along with me, especially when I found out my baby's sex! She was so patient too since baby had his legs crossed the whole time. We were able to get him to move enough though to get the perfect peek & some great pictures!The whole experience was enjoyable & I would most definitely recommend this to anyone!!
5	This place was great.   It was very welcoming and the size of the ultra sound room was big enough for the 6 of us.  Rachel the technician was very friendly and helpful.  We never felt rushed or uncomfortable.  After we checked out we received a DVD and picture CD of our baby girl and a great gift tote.  It was a very good experience and I would recommend it for anyone.
5	After we found out we were pregnant, I started doing some research on these elective ultrasound places. I was convinced they'd be super expensive, but was really surprised when I found Prenatal Peek's website. When I showed their packages and photos to my husband, we decided we'd have to come here later during the pregnancy with our family (who would visit from out of town) for a 3D session. Jump forward about three months, and we were just SO READY to know what we were having already! Our OB's office generally scheduled the mid-pregnancy (or anatomy, or 20 week, or whatever you want to call it) ultrasound at 20 weeks. This is when, had we chosen to wait, we'd find out the gender. I hopped back on to Prenatal's website, and discovered that they had a 2D gender determination package available for a totally reasonable price that they started at 15 weeks! At our next OB appointment, we spoke with our doctor about wanting to find out early and she gave us her blessing to visit an elective place. She told us to wait until 16 weeks, just to be sure, and to go for it! I called Prenatal Peek immediately upon leaving that appointment. They were extremely friendly and accommodating and were able to get us in that week! We were so excited. The day before the appointment I received a confirmation reminder and they offered directions to the little historic bungalow that they were located in. Very sweet. I don't think I slept that night! The day of we arrived early and were immediately warmly greeted. We filled out some simple paperwork in their living room style waiting area and then were told to come on back! We met our tech ( I wish I remembered her name) who was just so sweet. The viewing room itself was HUGE and had a big, comfy hospital style bed for me with a large couch, recliners, and plenty of other seating for my husband. There was even a kid's corner with toys (they welcome other siblings!). She got started right away and explained everything she was doing and looking for. It calmed us both down immediately. Within minutes she asked us, 'ok, are you ready?!' and told us that we were having a little GIRL! It was amazing. Since our daughter was being so cooperative and she found all of her parts right away, she went back over her body, her face, and her heartbeat for us to see. It was wonderful! The ultrasound itself lasted about fifteen minutes, and when it was over she gave us a roll of photos to take home. We couldn't have been more pleased with our experience here. Everyone we talked to, from calling to make the appointment to signing in to the tech herself, was so incredibly sweet and thorough. We absolutely CAN'T WAIT to come back later this summer to treat our family to a 3D/4D ultrasound!! If you're looking for an affordable, professional and super friendly elective ultrasound place in Phoenix I highly recommend Prenatal Peek.
5	We just had our 4D ultrasound this morning and we couldn't be more pleased about Prenatal Peek's service! Everyone is friendly and yet professional. The room were we had the ultrasound was big but cozy. The bed was super comfy! The technician explained the whole process to us, answered all our questions and was very patient in getting the best possible baby pics/poses. We definitely would recommend them to anyone who is thinking of getting a 3D/4D ultrasound.
5	Don't be scared off by the location or the outer appearance, prenatal peek is amazing. We were surprised as we walked through the door but my wife and I really enjoyed the personal experience. I highly recommended this place. Best experience, professional, gentle and explains everything.
5	Prenatal Peek is awesome! We went last Saturday and the baby had his hand over his face the whole session so they rescheduled us for later in the week at no additional charge. Great customer service!
5	At first I was a little worried about the outer appearance of the office, but you should not judge a book by its cover! The inside is very inviting and it gives you that home feeling. Staff are very nice & they make u feel comfortable. I was very excited for my first child's 3d ultrasound and was not disappointed!! We even got a nice goody bag with our visit & we got to take our own video+ photos too!
5	I had been looking into getting a 3D ultrasound for this pregnancy and my friend from work told me about this place after she had her ultrasound done here. I'm so glad that I went here! As the previous posters have said, from the outside it doesn't look like much, but once inside it's VERY cozy and cute. The staff there is very friendly and welcoming. My husband and I got there a bit early for our appointment and were taken right back to a nice room(With A LOT of room for others) with a comfy bed and large screen to see our baby. We had let the ultrasound tech know that we weren't for sure if we wanted to know the gender and he put the results in a sealed envelope for us if we should change our minds. He took the time to point out things and to get us the best possible photos of our little one. Afterwards he printed them out and gave us a nice little bag of baby things such as formula samples. I would DEFINITELY recommend this place for anyone looking for somewhere to get a 3D ultrasound of their little one.
5	I was really impressed with this place. I'm using a midwife and birthing center for my pregnancy, and they only refer out for 1-2 scans. I love seeing baby, and I was dying to peek again since my 8 week blob scan. At just 13 weeks I was amazed with the clarity. Our ultrasound tech was also very professional, warm, welcoming, and funny.  My husband and I were the only ones in the office, so we got an extra long session and our tech even found the gender with a 95% certainty! The office is quaint and sparsely decorated, but I don't mind at all. They had a comfy waiting area couch and a clean and stocked bathroom, what more could a preggie need? I was also really excited to receive the bottle cooler goody bag of formula and extras!We'll definitely be going back for the optimal viewing 26-29 week viewing and pictures.
5	Loved this little place! Made my appointment like a month in advanced, they were super courteous. Day of the appointment I was 13 weeks and we found out we were having a boy!  Its a very small place, from the outside you wouldnt think it is what it is. Their technology seems totally up to date and it's awesome to see the little bean on a big screen! Prices are totally reasonable! Will be back in 6 weeks for a 38 week 4D! Totally recommend it to all the mommas to be!
5	I can't say enough good things about this place. With very short notice we received news that my husband had to go out of town for work and wouldn't be in town for the gender reveal scheduled at the OB's office. I was recommended to John by a friend and he was understanding and luckily was able to fit us in the next day. We arrived at the office and after filling out a short sheet we were taken back to see our baby. John was very nice and explained what he was doing and all the baby's parts. It was a neat moment to share with my husband and I'm so glad they were able to squeeze us in so we could have that experience and see our baby boy.
