5	This is a great bar.  It has a 2 levels and the staff there is great.  $3 Coronas are a pretty good deal.  Good mix of people.  There food is good, but nothing to write home about.  There are two pool tables (which are normally open) and a air hockey table if you want to drink and play games at the same time!  Great atmosphere and it's outside so it's a different feel than most other bars.  Dos has a great mix of music and doesn't just place the dance club hits.  Great bar.
4	Big bar in the heart of Tempe.  The guys tend to love it for the cheap Corona.  I like it for the atmosphere so long as it is not too packed with underaged college kids.  It is a pretty open space and it almost feels like you are in a warehouse.  The bartenders have heavy hands, which is always a plus when you are a vodka person, like I am.  Great place to go hang with your friends in your flip flops and tees.  Cool, chill, laid-back...just like I like it.
4	$3 Coronas ALL OF THE TIME. If I lived closer to it, this would be a regular hangout for me. It's big and airy and open, but has a dance floor that I even stomp on occasionally (see above: $3 Coronas). It's a good spot to people watch or party in a big or small group. It's as laid-back as its Scottsdale location, with even more of the simplicity and openness that makes the whole thing work.
3	OK, this isn't stellar mexican food, but pretty darn good drinking snacks, and they're cheap.this place used to be a dumpy little mostly outside bar right across the street from ASU (i spent many a lunch break doing homework in the sunshine, corona in hand...that was financial aid well spent). anyway, the bathrooms were always flooded, trashed and had crooked saloon doors in one stall a shower curtain for privacy -you can imagine how many drunk girls ended up seeing your goods on a friday at 130 a.m.but that's neither here nor there, because NOW they have this huge, brand new building on 8th street, just off of university and rural. i mean HUGE. it's again, mostly outside, and the two-story open air building is centered around a courtyard that for years has this fountain in the middle with no water. i think the idea was to have a shallow swimming/soaking area for drunk girls to be talked into skinny dipping in but it just never came to fruition, alas, they threw some bar stool around it and a counter and made an extra pit stop for $3 coronas (used to be $2 coronas at the old locaion, boo).it's a pretty rowdy college crowd here, you've been warned!update:just went there last night for happy hour... coronas are $2 for HH. really, really, really cheesy crowd for a HH friday. and you can bring your dog here during the day, after the sun goes down, pups gotta go, though. their motto is "a great place to day drink." i'll say i agree.
2	Dos Gringos is definitely bringing trashy back.  And I think the whole trailer park theme has really gotten the best of them.  Two cases in point.A) Drinks are EXTREMELY weak.  They give you tall glasses, but have very thin pours of liquor.  Thinking maybe it was the vodka, we switched to rum, but alas, the trailer park was just being cheap. B) The vomit stench wafting from the mens restroom really takes the trailer park theme a little too far, right?  After I reported to staff that puke was all over a men's urinal, it was still there an hour later.Doesn't that make you yearn for the good old college days??Granted it was a Sunday afternoon and all, and the DJ and crowd was fun.  A definite fun place to day drink, and bring the pooch.  Call me an old-fashioned prude, but the puke-fest and sucky drinks kind of killed the mood.  And believe it or not, I didn't have the appetite to try any of their award-winning tacos.
2	I was  terribly bored my only visit here. AN OK band and way to many Frat boys, being, well Frat boys. Just think, one of these guys might lead the country one day, o my. You can actually make money by drinking there: twice while at the bar I witnessed the bartenders ask if the customer paid with a $20. I immediately got a 5 out, o, please ask me.
3	Dos Gringos is one of the more popular Tempe college bar and it's usually packed with co-eds Wednesday through Saturday. It's easy to see why the two-story bar is a favorite among the college crowd. The drinks are cheap (beers and margaritas are about $3) and the food is pretty good. I recommend the Rocky Point Tacos (get the steak). Be prepared for a side of obnoxious however. The bar is known for body shots and you're sure to see this in the later hours of the night. Hey, ASU wasn't named one of the top party schools in the nation for nothing!
3	Typical college bar.  Have never been there at night, never want to go there at night...Average average average.
3	Boobs and Bros.  The 2 guitar players jammed on a tune they called "the boobie song".  We stopped by for a drink after taking the dog for a walk.  Your usual college crowd engaging in debauchery.
5	Why did I give this place 5 stars?  Cuz of the 50 cent Coronas. Delicious!
3	Until recently, the only time I went to Dos Gringos Trailer Park was to partake in the beloved ASU tradition of drinking 50 cent Coronas until I can no longer walk. At which point I begin yelling at random strangers headed to the bar that if they get me this time I'll get them next time. C'mon It's just 50 Cents! Corona Light Please! However, after graduating I regretfully had to get one of those things that tends to severely limit my mid week drinking binges. You know...a job. It's just not as fun to get hammered when you know you're running the risk of being above the legal BAC on the way to work in the morning at 8 am. Oh I've seen it happen! So now I've been more of a happy hour, weekend day drinking Dos Gringos customer and let me tell you it's much more enjoyable to drink beers (even if they do cost more than a dollar) in an actual chair...a barstool even. It's also nice to not have to watch where you walk all the time as to avoid the puddles of vomit on the ground. And you don't have to worry about those annoying drunk girls who scream at you to "get" them this time cuz the coronas are only 50 cents! I mean, geez, I'm not made of quarters over here!As far as drink and food specials go, Dos Gringos is pretty solid and I'm surprised they're not busier for Friday Happy Hours. It's impossible to sit down at most bars in the area at that time, but there's always a few barstools and tables open over there. Last time my boyfriend and I wandered in at about 6:50, planning to get a couple happy hour drinks but were fine (obviously) with paying full price for the rest. Our awesome bartender basically saved us 10 bucks by throwing 6 beers in a bucket of ice for us, all 6 at the $2 price, and then making sure she came around quickly enough for us to put in some tacos before they went up to full price as well. We got 6 beers and 8 tacos for less than 20 bucks. It was glorious. I'd recommend going for the cheap drinks and the great patio, just stay away from Thursday nights if you don't want vomit on your shoes.
5	We ended up here Saturday afternoon as we waited for the ASU tailgating scene to get going (which it never really did).  $2 Coronas on a game day + beer pong were still a winning recipe.  Sure you play the beer pong with water in the cups (state law?) but the drinks are still waiting tableside for the losers.  Random fact: if you win your beer pong game, you can sign the table.
4	Location: Awesome.Downscale, intentionally shitty and cheesy, decent food, excellent happy hour, set up like a giant courtyard,  the perfect place to get sloshed outside in the AZ summer. Or winter. Or whenever.Plus, think about it. It has the words Gringo and Trailer Park in it's name. What could possibly go wrong?
3	If you like coronas and ASU chicas then this is a very handy place.The day time is fun, the night time gets a little packed.  Food is ok not great.   Your not really coming here though for the food...
5	I cannot believe I am giving Dos Gringos 5 Stars, but you better believe I am. Why, you ask, is this Cenpho junkie giving an EXTREMELY Tempe bar five stars? 1. The one and only fight I have ever been in took place here. (yes, I won) 2. I got trashed the other night for $5. 3. You are inside and outside at exactly the same time. 4. They have ample bathroom stalls in the women's restroom. 5. There are bowls of limes on the counters. I hate asking for lime. 6. I get hit on at least three times before I finish my first drink. 7. They have live music. 8. You can get molested in public without being arrested 9. I always get carded.
4	Last night, after deciding Four Peaks was too busy for after hike beers, we headed to Dos Gringos which was much less busy...Not sure why it was not more busy, the layout of this place is great (as Amber W. notes half inside/half outside).    The bartenders were extremely attentive and kept filling out water glasses  without asking as well as our cheap ($2) coronas (thirsty from the hike :)).The clientele was diverse even though right by ASU (not just college kids).Definitely a fan!Very impressed!
1	Yes, I am giving this place 1 darn star!! Let me explain why..Thursdays, 50 cent drinks until midnight.. nice.. but NOT worth it!First off, it's so packed! And sweaty! Everyone is totally s*faced and there is always bound to be drama!I got kicked out of there once when I was not even making a scene, ugh.. My phone was stolen there, seriously, why??My mp3 player was stolen there.. wtf?Some guy stole MONEY from me there and no one did a thing when I told security. The guys there look like they all have two baby mamas and live at home.There are always random fights breaking out. I don't know, I'm sooo not into this place, it was a true nightmare and I'm scarred for life from my experience there.. be careful everyone!
4	I came here because I was in desperate need of an alcoholic beverage. I was actually trying to find 4 peaks, and ran into this place instead.  I pulled up and noticed that its not like the other places out there.  Colorful, eclectic, with an island kind of feel.  Very open and airy.  There seemed to be a college kid aurora, but I did notice a few adults there drinking as well.Place is colorfully decorated, with great drink prices.  I guess they serve food too, but I didnt eat here.  Great alternative to your typical place.
5	ok so AMber M. put it perfectly! Im lovin' on this place.. I usually go to Dos in Chandler... its def a lil more calmer, but I decided to try this place out last Thursday nite, went w the sister in law...  ended up having a blast, got drunk off of 50 cent Coronas, and had tons of fun dancing along w the dj's music... lots of guys, lots of girls... everywhere you looked peeps were having a blast and it was only Thursday nite... all I could think to myself, was why Ive never been out on a Thursday nite before!?!
1	Well, I debated writing my review for this place because it happened a few years ago but I still boycott it to this day so here goes. I went here to meet some friends and bought a quesadilla. Nothing special but still good. I paid with my debit card and tipped the waiter $1 on the receipt I was given to sign. After looking over my checking account a week or so later I discovered that my tip had magically gone from $1 to $7.00! Now, ordinarily one would think there was a mistake in my handwriting however, I had also totaled the amount on that same receipt for the cost of the food and the tip so there was no way my math was off by $6.00. I contacted the bar several times and gave them copies of my receipt that I signed and they did nothing about it. They never returned my calls or offered to refund the money. How big of a deal do you make over $6.00? I gave up but vowed to never return to this place again. If you do go, do NOT under any circumstance use a debit or credit card and if you do watch your bills like a hawk for unscrupulous accounting errors.
3	We hit this place after being at Dos Gringos the night before and it was not of the same caliber.  We were one of only a few people in the place, so it is hard to say if it is a cool hang out place.
3	We came out to this restaurant as part of the package for the IU Insight Bowl game a few years back.  The place was really cool looking on the inside nad almost all outdoors, but in an area like Arizona you don't need to worry about snow.  It was a fun atmosphere but I don't think they were ready for the IU faithful, while we were there they ran out of Miller Lite, Coors Light and Corona.  It was a fun place but hen IU goes to another bowl in 20 years make sure you order more beer.
4	Not too shabby lunch deals. NOT DOS GRINGOS ANYMORE.  NOW CALLED ROCKY POINT CANTINA. I dug it. $2 coronas and tacos. looks really cool inside.
1	I would never in my life eat here. When I was there for their nighttime activities and people were throwing up I couldn't help but think...why oh why would anyone want to eat here. No offense but it was dirty and seemed like a sleazy place where younglings hang out to behave like they would in Mexico. And, how are girls supposed to get dressed up for a place that literally has a floor made of dirt. This would be one of my last options if I wanted to go out. Especially since I don't drink beer and that seems to be there most popular special. I did go to the one in Chandler though and it was soooo much cleaner! I liked that one much more!
3	This place is closed and this page needs to be taken down. The new place: http://www.yelp.com/biz/rocky-point-cantina-tempe
