4	I can't believe no one has reviewed this place! Given its location in the middle of a residential area, its mostly a locals joint. In fact, I know quite a few people who probably eat here more than 4 times a week. The food is always great, lots of veggies and county style entrees. Not sure if this is where I would go on a diet, but needless to say, I am not. The bar is well stocked (and always cheap domestic beer specials), but not always with the most enjoyable of a crowd. But hell, who cares.  I would recommend sunday lunch specials. I'll probably be there, so say hello.
4	Hey you know that sports bar with a just-okay beer selection but really yummy potato skins and ranch cheese fries and nachos that all of the teachers hang out at because they give them half off of those yummy apps?Oh yeah, sports page. Let's go. Meet you at 4:30.
4	Pros: Good food, good atmosphere, polite staffCons: Orders incorrect half the time, staff tends to be not very attentive (but polite^)I rated this overall 4 stars because it's one of the places in my boyfriend & my's repertoire of restaurants. I'm a picky eater and often just enjoy a baked potato and salad when we visit, while the boyfriend tends to order the Philly cheese steak. (We do get other things). I would recommend it to friends. Relaxed atmosphere and affordable!
4	I have been here many times over the years and everyone is friendly and the food is always tasty. The ribeye steak sandwich is my favorite.
4	Sports Page is a West side classic. I have been eating there for many years. Way back when they were still in the original location at 16 and Hoskins. Anyway, I assumed they had tons of reviews until i looked. So here goes... I ate lunch there last week and had something new, the fish tacos. I like how they keep adding new things to the menu and this is one of the newer additions. You can get the fist grilled, blackened, or fried, I chose fried and it was cooked to perfection. Crisp, hot and fantastic. The tortilla was good and the cabbage added the traditional touch. Comes with chips, salsa, and really good queso. Check it out along with the Cuban sandwich, Steak sandwich or the classic Chicken Monterrey. Decor is standard sports bar kitsch but the place is clean and vibrant, service is really good, and nearly everything I have had there has been extremely well done and consistent. Stop in sometime.
1	ive heard nothing but good things about this restaurant from friends, neighbors and yelp....   well ill just say this was my first and last time at the sports page. first off our server acted like she could care less. second there was a pit of an avacado left in the guacamole and chips i was served. third there was a short black hair on my sandwich. fourth and final, the server brought the check but we couldnt ever get her to come back to the table i was calling out to her as i was walking to the door i decided to take the check with cash to her, she ignored me...acted like i wasnt even there...i just laid the receipt on the table with the cash and left. what a crappy restaurant...the food was mediocre at best... my boyfriends burger looked good but wasnt that great...by the way... and if i wanted to complain to a manager or something i figured there was no point...i just let it go and will never be darkening their doorstep ever again...
3	The several times I've been here or gotten food to go, it's just been ok.  I've never been amazed by much here.  It's a sports bar, for sure.  I think most sports bars I've been to would get 3 stars from me, but a select few have good food.  This place is just ok.I've had a burger here, blah.  The reuben was mediocre and soggy.I will say, the chicken tenders here are definitely worth eating.  Just thinking about them makes me crave them a bit.  They are that good, in my opinion.If you're big on sports and drinking, this might be a fine place for you, but I've not been there for either of those on any occasion I've been.  They have some very affordable options, which is a big plus.
2	Sports Page used to be a fun spot & I've been going for nearly 10 years. I just recently moved to the area but used to travel to Charlotte to meet with friends & we would always meet there. The last 3 times I've went is was drastically worse. The bartender ignored us (each time)...It seemed like a bar where only locals are welcome. The food has gone downhill as well. I couldn't even finish the nachos...mostly because I had no drink to wash it down. They still have potential but I doubt I'll be returning.
3	I have such fond memories of 1982.  I'm glad the Sports Page could bring them back with their assortment of old Sports Illustrateds and other sports pictures.  This place is cozy and friendly.  It's dated to...well...1982...and they weren't even located here in 1982.  I'm inclined to like places like this for that reason alone.The food is what you'd expect from a classic southern joint.  It's good, it's probably fried, and there is a variety of digs to choose from.There's nothing spectacular about anything, but there's nothing to complain about either.  I'm still waiting for that dish that makes me add another star...but for now....Sports Page is an average experience.
4	Yes the decor is dated, yes the food isnt amazing all the time, and yes this is a locals pub/restaurant. But come on people its a sports bar/restaurant!! You can't be expecting 5 star food at a sports bar!! Honestly its really pretty decent place to pick up a meal.The Sports Page is just a block away from my parents house so I tend to come at least once when I'm visiting for a meal or two. When you first enter you can go to the left for the bar or right for the restaurant. There are tons of sports memorabilia on the walls to look at and tables and booths to sit at. But be warned the booth seats are dead and need new springs, some of them make you feel like a midget. And of course there are plenty of TVs around so you can keep up with the game. The bar area also has a small stage and they have bands come and play music usually every week.The guaranteed winner every time is their Steak Salad its really tasty and filling. I've had their St. Louis Ribs and they are just ok. I guess I need to try more items but its hard when I only get there every once in a while. The service is friendly and my parents know most of the waitresses as they are regulars at the Sports Page. Overall its a good place to eat if you're in the area, and if you want to watch a game with your buds I'd say the bar would be a solid choice also.
