5	The National Whitewater Center is best described as a skateboard park for whitewater rafting and whitewater kayaking.  It is an Olympic training facility.  It has miles of man-made whitewater rivers for rafting and kayaking and also offers flatwater kayaking on the nearby Catawba river.  There are climbing walls, 12+ miles of hiking and biking trails, food, and plenty of fun.  Admission is free.
5	Just a wild ride-- a white water "park" that's part rapid, and part flume run, you'll get wet and have a great time paddling with their experienced guides.  Take the safety course, then a 10 minute run,then up the conveyor belt, and do it again.   Good fun, moderately strenuos, class IV rapids, a great park in a great place. guided raft trips are $35.00 pp/for 2 hours. have your own kayak? 15 per hour.
4	No better atmosphere than watching amateurs drop over the rapids while you enjoy a good beer. The Cuban sandwich is great as well. They got rid of some of the odd menu items from the first season, like the White Bean Pizza. Apparently the new food service managers got it together. If you have not eaten here yet, YOU MUST!Literally 15 min from uptown, you can make it out and back for a quick lunch. I suggest Friday afternoon... you won't want to go back to the office.
3	The National Whitewater Center is a pretty cool place.  Located just off 85, and down some old country roads, its kind of surprising to all of a sudden come upon this huge outdoor adventure facility.The Whitewater rapids are really cool, and hearing the roar of the water gives me a thrill everytime.  I rode the rapids once and it was exciting, not as breathtaking as a water park ride, and there really wasn't that authentic feeling of rafting on an actual river, but it was still cool.  I'd say try it once, but unless you are a hard core kayaker, its really not worth the $33 a person.One thing I do love about the Whitewater Center are the Mountain Bike Trails,  Up until just recently  it was free to just come out  and ride, but now I think they charge $5 a car to park, not too bad, but not as cool as free.The Mountain Bike Trails are well worth it though, with plenty of technical runs, and lots of single track exhilarating rides you will definitely leave feeling exhausted and invigorated.  Some of the paths are the closest I've come to snowboarding in Vail, without actually snowboarding, the paths through the trees are so tight and fast, its a kick. And the trails are labeled like ski slopes as well, with green slopes, blue slopes and black slopes, that way you know when the trails are going to get more difficult.  I highly recommend going to the Whitewater Center, if  for nothing else to ride the trails.  After a long hard ride, its hard to beat coming back to the main center and stopping in to their restaurant  "The Eddy" grab a beer, they don't have a  huge selection, but the few beers they do have on tap are really good, and sit out and watch people ride the rapids.Its also cool to just go there and walk around the Channels, its a big loop, and you can bring your kids or your dogs and just walk around watching people ride the rapids looking at the rushing water and listening to the roar of the falls, its pretty cool.The Whitewater Center also has a huge  outdoor climbing wall  as well as a ropes course  but I haven't had the opportunity to check those things out first hand, I just wanted to let you know they are there.
5	While I have yet to partake in the whitewater aspect of the center, I have visited on a Thursday night with live music. There is a great atmosphere with people sitting around talking & eating/drinking while listening to the music. The River's Edge Bar & Grill looks out upon the raging rapids & it's really nice if you can grab a seat at the edge. They also serve up some good food, with the black bean burger with sweet potato fries absolutely blowing me away. It was a tad bit pricey, but definitely worth it. They also have some great beer on tap & pretty good specials to keep your wallet in tact.Thursday night is their River Jam night, and $5 gets you parked and ready to enjoy the festivities. They have a live, local band playing some tunes all night & they stay open later to keep the party going. This is a great night to head here to grab some dinner & drinks while listening to live music. Heck, you could even make it an all day event by whitewatering...if that's a word.Other than the $5 fee to park, I really like this place. I would probably visit the restaurant more often, or the gift shop for that matter, if you didn't have to pay a cover to get in. I suggest loading your car with as many bodies as possible to cut down on the parking cost so you won't complain like I do.
5	Everytime I visit the Whitewater Center I am struck by the magnitude and scope of the project. It's very similar to visiting some kind of theme park.I have been out to the Center a number of times since it opened in 2006, an handful of times as a musical performer and also to visit a college buddy of mine, who happens to be the marketing director.We were roommates when the Center opened, so I was getting all kinds of information first-hand from him. Soon afterwards, he took a group of us college friends down the river, with the express goal of flipping us into the river as often as possible. Needless to say, we all swam a couple of times, but it was great fun. The rapids, especially the competition channel used by the Olympic whitewater team, is pretty darn close to a real river experience. There are a multitude of activities available to visitors, from rafting/kayaking on the man-made river, to running and mountain biking trails, climbing wall, ropes course, flat water canoeing and kayaking on the Catawba River, and soon to arrive: a 400 ft. zip line.Or, if chilling is more your speed, the Eddy restaurant speads out on a patio overlooking the competition channel, where the sunsets can be breathtaking. Every Thursday, the Center is host to the Subaru River Jam, a concert series that runs from April to October. A platform stage on the banks of the competition channel was erected this year, hosting a number of varied local musical acts from rock n' roll to bluegrass and reggae.The Eddy serves up a good number of different brews (my favorite is Flying Dog's 'Doggystyle', which actually sponsored my band's first appearance at the Center back in 2007. That was a tough one to explain to Mom).The food is better than maybe you would expect from a place that specializes in outdoor activities.It now costs $5 to park, and depending on the activities you choose to participate in, you can wind up dropping a bit of dough during an outing here. It's worth it though, just for the experience of trying everything at least once.It's also easy to enjoy the atmosphere relatively free of expense, as the mountain bike trails are free (unless you require a rental), and its a great place to bring the fam, meet up with friends and get the dog some exercise.Definitely a one-of-a-kind destination for Charlotteans!
5	I can't really say enough about the Whitewater Center. While it's a little bit of a pain to get to, it's totally worth the trip, no matter the weather. On top of checking out the ridiculously cool whitewater area, there's a lot to do at the center. If you're lucky and the US team is in town to train, you can sit out and watch them go through the awesome rapids course--grab a beer from the bar while you do so. It's an awesome sight to behold, for real. If they're not there training, you can brave the water yourself--do rafting with a guide, get a lesson in kayaking, or if you're hardcore, just throw your gear in the water and take a go at it by yourself. The Center is awesome--clean, new, with music playing over loudspeakers. Great crowd here. We like to take our dog on walks on the many paths that are around the water. We're not alone: a lot of people go mountain biking on the trails or go for walks and hikes. There's a bunch of loops, and all of them are pretty awesome. Great way to get some cardio if you're up for it. Like I said, though, there's a lot to do--great bar, great little cafe. Definitely grab a beer--their selection is awesome. There's also a climbing wall--an impressive one at that--for those who want to try that on for size. Great for families. Great for everyone.
3	If you're entertaining out-of-town guests in Charlotte, you're bound to run out of things to show them after a day or two. That's where the US National Whitewater Center come in to save you. It's an incredibly cool, unique facility. I took my parents there and they were very impressed. We had dessert at the restaurant there - River's Edge Bar & Grill (formerly the Eddy) - and sat outside watching people kayak and enjoying the beautiful view of this manmade wonderland. I've gone back twice for dinner and drinks - just to try something different - but haven't been all that impressed with the food there. It's OK, but it's not great. Maybe some day I'll actually do one of the activities instead of just eating and drinking there.
5	I tried my hand at whitewater rafting for the first time.  We went as a work teambuilding exercise.  Yes, I was a bit terrified about the prospect of going.  However, it was definitely something I had always wanted to try.  We split up into two rafts.  I was seated at the very front, the place I least wanted to be.   We first did the "easy" route and then worked our way up to the "hard."  Turns out, the front was THE best place for me.  Yes, I was first to see every tumble we took, but in the front you also get to tuck in one of your feet, unlike the rest of the seats.  Several times, this "tuck" saved my butt from flying out of the raft.  (However, it didn't stop me from tumbling atop my coworker sitting next to me, crushing his legs and knees with my oar each time I was flung.  Sorry, Ben!)  Being in the front, I had to work a lot harder with my oar and really dig into the water, but it was worth it.  At least until the next day when my arms were so sore.  Who am I kidding?  My entire body was sore.  But in a good way.  I really felt like I had a good -- and fun -- workout and it was an experience I'll never forget.  We were lucky that we didn't have a sadistic guide like other rafts.  He wasn't out to tip us over.  The rafting was fun, and we did get soaked, but I didn't need to be diving into the water, swatting at kicking feet, swinging oars, and a big raft floating over me to drive the point home.  Staying afloat was a good thing...and my ultimate goal.I enjoyed the controlled environment at the Whitewater Center, although I'm not quite sure I'm ready for any uncontrolled river out in the open.  Maybe someday, but for now I'll stick to the "safety" of the known.
5	If you live in the Charlotte NC area and haven't been to the USNWC - you're missing out. If you have even a passing interest in the outdoors,  the whitewater center is pretty much the greatest "in-town" resource ever. At the absolute very least it is a great place to walk your dog. Their climbing facility is great - lots of interesting routes and some good feature only routes to help you forget you are climbing at a gym. Oh and it is outdoors...how's that for a gym! I've recently started kayaking and the kayak instruction at the USNWC has given me a pretty solid foundation after 3 lessons at the center and 4 roll classes in the pool. The instructors are Olympians, top freestyle kayakers etc and great teachers. I'm now hooked on WW kayaking and very excited for the spring.I used to ride the subway or drive 45 each way to hit up a crappy climbing gym in NYC. In Charlotte I can drive 25 min (we live 20 min North of the city) to a really amazing park, whitewater channel and outdoor climbing gym. Awesome. Seriously it helped seal the deal on us moving to Charlotte. With a busy work and family schedule, having the USNWC nearby allows me to do the things I love without occupying an entire weekend. It costs $5 per car to get in - it's worth it and is similar to fees paid to access parking at state and national parks so no complaints there...I can't speak to the restaurant, high-ropes course, zip-line or mountain bike trails but man is this a great place just a few minutes from uptown Charlotte.
5	Update - The zip-line was a lot of fun! It was half priced for their winter rates on Jan 4th - $10 a ride.
4	OK. I can see the way the reviews of the US National Whitewater Center could shape up. Lots of 18-30 something guys raving on, one adventurous young woman (yay Amy R!) and not much else about this treasure. That's why Yelp needs a few boomers to add some perspective. The US National Whitewater Center is more than a young-person thing, and way more than a guy-thing. It's a really fun, unique thing, and Charlotte is lucky to have it.I agree with Amy. This place will definitely entertain your guests, especially if they enjoy participatory activities other than shopping or golfing. The US National Whitewater Center has something for everyone.  Want to get wet? Try rafting or go kayaking. I did the raft thing last year with a bunch of friends and had a BLAST. The staff were helpful and our guide was great- we didn't fall out or tip over- even on the rapids (talk about a rush!). If you're into climbing, zip-lining, hiking, or biking they've got that, too.My brother and I went to an oyster roast earlier in the fall (alas, a little too early for oysters; they ran out, but they did have plenty of shrimp). I took my dog, which was cool (lots of leashed pooches here), and we sat on the patio and people-watched while listening to live music. I'm sure my brother would want me to mention this: your paid parking receipt allows you a free dessert at the restaurant!  It sorta makes up for the short drive from town and the endless entrance access road.Go for the variety of activities, creative programming, people-watching, and sheer fun. If you're an 18-30-something dude, go for the adrenaline rush. Or if you're a 40-something gal (like yours truly), go for some rafting, some hiking, some food, some drinkies, and enjoy watching all those cute 18-30-something guys paddling, biking, climbing, and flexing those young muscles! Talk about cheap thrills! It just doesn't get any better!
5	This place is a revelation, a real miracle on earth.I will someday try out the whitewater course.  It look like a lot of fun, and as an engineering feat, it is staggering.However, the main thing about this place that blows me away is the network of mountain biking trails that surround it.  There are miles and miles of well-marked and well-maintained singletrack surrounding the Center.  I think you have to see it to really appreciate it, so here's a link to a great video from sirbikesalot.com:http://www.sirbikesalot.com/entry.php?fid=170As a dude getting ready to move down to Charlotte, I revel in the fact that these trails are going to be a 20 minute drive from my home.That's not all though.  There's an incredible climbing wall set up at the Center as well.  If you go with a friend and belay each other, you can climb all day for $13 (per person).  Finally, there's a little restaurant at the Center, complete with a little bar where you can enjoy a post-ride beer.This place represents a perfect concept executed perfectly, in my opinion.
5	I went with a group of friends and we had a fabulous time. Our guide was awesome-- Isiah (ask for him!!) We felt really confident that he knew what he was doing was he was funny!We laughed a lot--got soaking wet--and had a great time.  We did the slower run four times and the challenging run three times.   It was absolutely worth the money.We also rented wetsuits and shoes and splash jackets-the gear was worth it as well. Keeping your body temp regulated without being bulky. Tips are not asked for, but if you had a good time, the guides appreciate it.  (suggested by the website is $10 per person.)  Perfect place to take an out of towner.  The photos available on the website are spendy-$20 per download, but the images are fantastic. At the restaurant:Sweet potato fries were amazing!Artichoke spinach dip sandwich was like a dip...The Hawfield salad-ask for balsamic rather than ranch.
5	When I lived in Charlotte I was always looking for something fun to do besides the usual bars and movie places.  The Whitewater Center is great!  I've been rafting only once, but go back for the view.  Last summer I would go on Thursday nights to enjoy the outdoor bar and view over the river.  They had live music which was always entertaining.  I HATE the heat and only go outside in the evenings for things I really like, and this one brought be back several times!  I think that they moved the Thursday night music to Saturday, but definitely worth checking out!When I took my brother rafting, he of course fell in and had to get the shirt about going swimming.  He is 15, and I'm always looking for things to do that bridge our 9 year age gap.  This is a treasure for Charlotte and some place you can go for any occasion, whether it's family or to even just have a few beers!
5	My dad and I had never been to USNWC before this past weekend, but I'm so glad we stumbled upon this gem.  We spent an entire Saturday  (10am - 6:30pm) at USNWC.  All Sport Day pass was only $49/each, and well worth it!  We kayaked in the flatwater area on the Catwba River (spent more than an hour and a half on the water!), went whitewater rafting on the Adventure trip, and also hopped on the MegaZip line. The rest of our day was spent people-watching, eating, and enjoying the rafts fly through the competition course.  Definitely a day well spent - and a great way to exhaust yourself out for a long, heavy night of sleep afterwards :0) All of the staff/guides were incredible!  They all must love their jobs because they were having nearly as much fun as the rest of us! We didn't do any of the rock climbing or biking activities which are also included in the AllSport Pass, but we kept ourselves busy all day long.  Food at the restaurant was okay - nothing to write home about, but a good place to chill out.  Inside and outside seating is available, though we sat inside to beat the heat.  If you can, snag a seat by the window to watch the rafts and zip line fly by! Even if you don't want to participate in the activities, there are plenty of good spots to sit back and watch the fun all around you!  **TIP: If you want to go whitewater rafting, make a reservation as soon as you get to the park!  Time slots fill up quickly, especially on busy days like Saturday.  **
5	The whitewater center is definitely a unique place to take visitors. Rock climbing, zip line, and rafting were all a lot of fun. i've gone twice in the past few weeks and both times, our raft guides were awesome. (Yay rafting). i'm not man enough to do mountain biking, but  love the trails. They provide a nice break from my normal/boring street running routes.The zip line isn't too intense, but still fun and exhilarating enough that i went more than once on my first trip. Be sure to follow the "tuck and duck" instructions or whatever they are, because you can get a little dinged up from the sudden stop. Sitting outside the restaurant/bar is enjoyable watching the rafters. The beer selection featured like 10 draft beers that weren't the run of the mill selections. Aside from the beer, we had some nachos and weren't too thrilled with them. Not awful, but bleh. Our server admittedly forgot about us, but luckily we were just chatting and it prevented me from getting too much beer to undo all the exercise packed into the day.  If at all possible, a weekday is the best time to go and you'll have easier access to everything you want to do.
5	My visit here was one of the best times of my life!  First and only time white water rafting (so far).3 girlfriends and myself went here for a friend's birthday and had the most fun I think we've ever had.we only had time to white water raft, but they also have zip lining and rock climbing.Our rafting tickets were about $60 each, that included a wet suit and all the necessary  gear.  Our instructors were really great; they were knowledgable and very nice!  Since we were knew an instructor rode with us to make sure we were safe.They also take pictures of you throughout the rafting course.  I can't remember the cost but I remember it being somewhat affordable - totally worh it the pics were hillarious (and great memories)!!If I ever make it back to Charlotte, I will be back here for sure!
5	This place is amazing. I only had the energy to do the climbing wall and rafting, but it was more than worth it!  Our guide for rafting was Tripp and he was hilarious.  He kept us laughing during the less intense parts and safe when it got wild.  I will definatly come back to try more activities once I am in better shape.
5	Hold on a second. You mean for $49 I can go white water rafting, kayaking, mountain biking, zip lining, attempt a ropes course suspended in the air, hike, and rock climb?Talk about amazing value for a full day of fun!This place is pretty amazing, and I haven't even gotten to the part where they serve cheap - but excellent! - draft beers. Seriously, for $49 you get to do all of the above activities as many times as you can squeeze in to a day. They even offer mountain bikes with that pass for 2 hours and have various trails at different difficulties to try out. The whitewater rafting guides are knowledgeable, fun, and really show you a great time. If you live in the area and want to come back every day to play, you can apply the $49 pass towards the $149 year pass - come on, that's a GREAT deal. Parking is $5, but I've heard there is a pass you can buy for that too and I'm sure it's worth it if you plan on coming back a lot.Now, to the beer. We're talking a selection that doesn't include anything like PBR, Bud, Miller, or any of those cheap yellow waters out there. These are good quality beers from local breweries as well as a few from out of state at around $4-5 a glass on average. You can't go wrong with that! If beer isn't enough for you, the food at the restaurant on-site is not only affordable, it tastes GOOD. The Tidal Tuna appetizer? NOM. Chicken fingers? Delicious. Mac & Cheese? Gooey, messy, and amazing. When I say great value, let's just say you get a heaping pile of food for about $8-11 depending on what you order. It's like a restaurant (which is what it is). Think about it. At an amusement park you pay about $9 for a sad looking burger and soggy fries. This is good quality food!If you're looking for a great time outdoors or want to try a ton of sports without having to buy a bike/raft/kayak/climbing gear, this is an excellent place to start. For those of you from out of state like me, you're in luck - it's not that far away from other major cities in the region, like Atlanta (holla!), Columbia (SC), and Greensboro (NC). It's so much fun and well worth the drive out.I did mention they serve GOOD beer, right?
5	It's true, $49 and you get a day of non-stop adventurous fun! I took three friends from out of town to the USNWC and we started the day rafting. Go on a Thursday as there was no one there and we had the place to ourselves. All three of my friends fell out of the boat which was hilarious. I managed to stay in this time--having fallen out before I was okay with not having an out of boat experience. Afterward we tried the new mega jump. If you like the idea of walking off a cliff this jump is for you. It's scary once then not bad at all. We followed this with the ropes course and rock wall. I've also done the Catawbwa kayaking and it was great--it's very pretty back where they take you. A nice date spot if your date doesn't mind rowing for a bit. To finish the day we pigged out on delicious beer and fried pickles. Heaven.
5	Cheating death has never been this much fun.Taking a last minute reservation and completely not knowing what we were getting ourselves into, we sat in on the safety talk, and were right on our way to meet up with Captain Dan on our rodeo raft.  Now, Captain Dan is another 5-star review for another review, so I'll stick with the details and rafting itself.  A "rodeo raft" is not a fun frolic thru a couple rapids and down some little whitewater falls where everyone on the raft yells "WHEEEE!!".  It's actually a double-black diamond, death-cheating scenario down class 4 and 5 whitewater where the raft is only 30 pounds and flips easily on even the calmest of waters.  If a fly were to land on the raft and fart, we surely would have flipped again.While it would have been wise to bring water shoes and maybe some swim trucks, I decided to go in my burlap shorts (which weighed 85 lbs soaking wet) and my canvas Keen shoes.  With that combo you'd think we would have been weighted down enough, but hell no.  Still after four runs and a couple hours of unintentional swimming and lifesaving, I couldn't believe we just did what we had done.  The most fun I've had in a long time.Strong swimmers encouraged.  Novice rafters discouraged.  But aw why the hell not!
5	I had read and heard a little bit about this place, but it was definitely much cooler than I expected.  We went in the afternoon to check the place out and catch the live music they were having in the evening (happens on Thurs and Sat nights) and had a blast watching people go by on the rapids (which were extensive).  Also checked out the trails a bit and it looks like it would be a great spot to do some mountain biking.  There are some other sports to try out as well, like climbing.  I plan on spending some quality time here in the future.
4	Okay, so yea the USNWC is pretty rad. Before we get to the rafting, let us peruse other aspects of the park for a moment. Trails (walking or biking): There are awesome sweat inducing, chest heaving, sore butt (from hard seats) causing mountain bike trails that wrap around picturesque lake inlets. The beginner trail will put a little pep in your step, if you're a non-exerciser like myself. Rock Climbing: *mental note* Don't climb after rafting or beer. Fingers might be weak you might fall..over and over..and over Adventure (obstacle) Course: There was a rumor that it was military grade. I can't confirm or deny that rumor. I didn't do it, but I heard it was "weak sauce" from a reliable source that ran the course that day. Zip Lines: Closed for renovations! When I had a chance to partake during my last visit, I can honestly say that it was a very exciting 30 seconds of my life. And now, on to the rafting. Rafting is $50, no ifs ands or sore butts about it. It's the main attraction, the star of the show and the reason visitors come here. That $50 pays for the All Sport Pass, which includes all activities on top of rafting. For an extra $15 you can upgrade to the extreme (guaranteed fall in the algae pool and drink one gallon of water) rodeo rafting. While the adventure rafting is pretty fun, $50 a person is pretty expensive and that price just makes the season pass seem all that much more enticing. The raft guides are experts and quite witty might I add, but for a real adventure I don't think it beats a real river. Family rafting is a different story though. It's fun, safe and something the entire group can enjoy. If you make the most of your day and take advantage of everything attached to the All Sport pass, it's a pretty fulfilling purchase. Folks only looking for a short family rafting adventure will feel a lil' short changed. If it's a busy day or holiday, you might not get more than 2 trips in - if that. The final verdict; great place to picnic, visit and show off to out of towners. It has it's niche. If you're not super adventurous and just need an annual fix, this is a great change from the norm. If you're a local and active, and enjoy any of these activities, I highly suggest the season pass.
4	USWC is basically an amusement park for the outdoorsy types.  $49 dollars gets you an all day pass that allows you to rock climb, go white water rafting, kayaking, biking, zipwire, etc.  Things to note:- The white water rafting river water is temperature controlled which was awesome.- The water is also green and bubbly which is not that awesome.- Macaroni and Cheese in the cafe is THEBOMBDOTCOM- All of the entrance bands they gave us was really loose and so tempting to pawn off to somebody in the parking lot for half price....I'm just saying...
5	I wish I had the patience to completely review this place to the extent that it deserves, but I'm just gonna give the abridged version in pieces:OVERVIEWUltra clean, beautiful venue. Well-priced. Excellent for family trips, fun times with friends, or team building exercises. Shoot... if I had one closer to home, I'd be here frequently just for exercise and recreation.ACTIVITIESThere's so much to choose from, so make sure you get there early to get it all in. I suggest trying to go during a time when the park is less busy (call and ask them what days are emptier).Zip lines- I have acute acrophobia, so the patience of the staff (and my co-workers) was heavily tested, but I persevered! Whether the 40' mega jump or the climb2zip (32' high), I managed to get through it only due to their help.Climbing- I never did a wall climb before and it is definitely harder than it looks. I braved the beginner and intermediate levels pretty well, but had a hard time with the difficult levels.Adventure Course- This was totally cool. My fear of heights kicked my ass at first, but after the first two obstacles, I found myself breezing through it with only one goal: To complete it!Rafting- Wow! Wow! Wow! Such an adventure! First off, make sure you do NOT do the Rodeo unless you are very experienced in rafting. It is guaranteed to kick your ass. If you are not experienced at all, but in decent shape OR have some experience, then I suggest the Adventure Rafting. Ask for the guide named "Kurk Muenster" and he'll kick the crap out of you (in a good way) and make this a wet and wild adventure (you are guaranteed a trip into the water with this fella!). Tell him the boys from Brooklyn, NY sent you! Let me sum it up by saying this, one of my bosses lost his sandals on this trip TWICE! LOL!FINAL NOTESFinally, I highly recommend that you rent sandals from them. Unless you own a fancy pair that are super secure, it is better to go with theirs. The only drawback to them is when trying to climb the wall. That requires something with better grip for the feet.I totally hope I get a chance to do this again!
5	I absolutely love this place, an amusement park for adults.  I've been here several times over the years and have seen them evolve as a park.  For those who love the outdoors, there's so much that you can do.  Hiking, mountain biking, rock climbing, zip lines, a 30 foot vertical drop off a board, really good food in the cafe, and some innovative ways of appealing to the public like having live music on evenings and some sort of romantic package that I wasn't listening to when it was being advertised.  And oh yeah, whitewater rafting and kayaking.Regardless, for the one entrance fee, all of these activities are yours.  Here are some tips to ensure you have the most fun:*Get there when it opens and book your white water rafting and then do all of the activities you want to, the line gets to be atrocious in the afternoons*Rodeo rafting, which is for the more adventurous of us, can be booked online, and you should do that*If you hear of a good guide, make sure to request them.  The guides really make or break your white water trip, so be sure to get a good one.*Ask to make sure the zip line is open before you go.  When I went, it was closed for more than 6 months, all in an effort to allow heftier people access*Be careful mountain biking, because some of those trails can be pretty dangerous, especially if you're a beginner*Get some water shoes for the rafting, otherwise you'll be stuck with some really smelly sneakers and socks for the duration of your trip
4	USNWC.  Anything you can name by an acronym is indeed off the hook.  Even better if people generally know what you might be talking about (turns out most people have no idea what the USNWC is, so you might want to just call it the "whitewater center" or something until everyone is in the know).The park itself is a challenge to quantify.  There is a ton of promise.  More so now that much of their debt has been forgiven.  And wouldn't it be cool if regular peons like ourselves could have our debt forgiven?  Oh, sorry, I have this mortgage that I may not be able to make - how about writing it off?  Thanks!Regardless, the problem still remains that much of the place is just that.  Promise and more promise.  The Mega Zip is a Mega Zero, because after months of "coming soon" signs, it still is nowhere to be found.  The promised Spring 2011 opening of a rope bridge crossing to be coupled with a canopy tour?  I guess technically spring just started, so there is a chance it will happen, but with all the dirt and tractors, I would not want to hold my breath hoping that it will happen in the immediate future.What is open at the USNWC is cool - but it blows that you are charged for every little thing.  Like the lower levels of rafting, but want to try the extreme level?  Pony up a few more bucks.  Like to reserve a spot on a particular trip?  That's a few dollars.  Per head.  Want to try the canopy tour (if it should ever open)?  Prepare to shell out a whole lot more.  Each.That said, the passes offer some nice options - off season.  When they are busy, you can tell and you will not get your money's worth.  Some of the best deals may be outside of the passes.  For instance, you can pay $5 per car (to park) and just wander the park to watch what is happening.  Check out the fire circle on the island, one of the most serene places in the park.  For just $25, you can rent a kayak and explore miles of the Catawba for hours (possibly all day, depending on how busy they are at the time).While the idea of the whitewater aspect is cool, the flatwater part of the park may just be the best offering you can find, to say nothing of the miles and miles of trails that cost nothing at all.  Just make sure you take the time to explore the rest of the center.  While it will not help fund all that new construction, it is really the best of the whole place!
5	Everything about this place is wonderful.  It makes living in Charlotte a unique place.  I love how for $5 in parking you can use the trails to hike, run, or bike, take your dog, or just relax at the restaurant and drink beer in the sun (try the hummus!) or listen to music at night.  I did the rafting with 3 of my friends and the instructor was funny and even dunked us a few times.  It made me feel like I was in the mountains when I was just a few miles away from the city!  I always take my friends here when they come to visit and they are addicted.  It really makes this city special.  Not only can you have fun, but you can have an experience that you can't get anywhere else and get a good workout in at the same time.  The prices are fair, the service is good, I felt safe, and the facility is clean.  Those things are hard to find these days.It's also very family friendly.  The bungee jump, rock climb, and zip line are probably best for the kids (they aren't really very big).  For the adults they have the rodeo rafting and whitewater kayaking.  I want to do that soon, once I work up the courage.  Everyone seemed to spend most of the time upside down.  I also recommend kayaking.  The lake is so relaxing.
5	Oh my gosh how could you not love this place? You can do absolutely everything here. In one day I white water rafted, mountain biked, zip lined, did a adventure course, and hiked. You can also rock climb, kayak, canoe. Its amazing! Its 49 bucks to do everything, even rentals are covered! So yes go and have a great day, you will be exhausted!
5	I will repeat what Jed said- this is an amusement park for adults. It is awesome. That is the easiest way to describe it.DO NOT go into this thinking that it is white water rafting in West Virginia or Colorado. Suspend your judgment. Go into this accepting that it is more of an amusement park. It is an absolutely incredible time. We have made good friends each time we have gone rafting with strangers. I know it is cheesy- but it is good team building and you leave it feeling better.The live music on Thursdays? Awesome. Dog friendly? Even more awesome.Lots of micro-brews? Yes, please.This is an EXCELLENT place to take out of town guests. They have probably seen nothing like it. I also recommend this for all ages- my 7 year old nephew loves running around it and riding his bike. My 13 yr old nephew loves the kayaking. Lots of different activities.Yes, it is pricey. But so is Carowinds and this a 1,000 times better
5	Well hello USNWC, you sure are an awesome way to pass the time! Just one minor complaint, I'm already paying a pretty penny to do some of the stuff there do you really need to charge me $5 for parking? And if you do can you make it so that you accept plastic?The park itself though is gorgeous! There's plenty to do from the climbing wall, high ropes courses, hiking/biking trails, flat water paddling, and of course whitewater rafting. I signed up for a 3 hour high ropes course and it included zip lines, some teamwork challenges, more zip lines, some tightrope walking, and was led by a very knowledgeable and fun instructor. I had so much fun that time just flew by and 3 hours was gone before I knew it! I'll have to sign up for an all day course next time.This is pretty much the only park of it's kind in Charlotte, and if you haven't been you really should check it out, just make sure you bring some cash for parking.
5	I. Love. This. Place.  We had gone a couple of times before, but just to walk around and eat in the restaurant, it it was nice, but nothing spectacular.  Yesterday we went and did the All-Sport pass and it was AWESOME.  Rafting was great, but kayaking was the jam!  You can just take the kayaks out and float around the Catawba all day long!  There are spots that are shallow that you can hop out of the kayak and splash around, and even though it was a holiday (Memorial Day), it wasn't super duper crowded, which was really nice.  There were a lot of people there, but the wait wasn't long for anything at all.  We didn't get to try the adventure course or the Climb2Zip, but we'll definitely be back for that!  What a great way to spend a beautiful day, we are so lucky to have this place in our area.WEAR SUNSCREEN THOUGH, GUYS. Seriously.Also, if you have young'ins or toddlers, the most you'll probably be able to do is walk along the trails or around the rafting area.  Leave the kiddies at home if you want to do any of the activities.  I think around 9-10 years old is the age you need to be to do the other activities.
3	McDonald's of outdoor sports; a brief taste of many activitiesEach activity here is fun, but short. Everything is pretty much designed to give the average person who doesn't have experience a taste of the activities. The exceptions to this statement are bouldering and kayaking.The staff here is great, they really help you with everything. I would not want to visit this place on the weekends and/or summer, as it was pretty empty when I went and it still felt crowded and the waits were too long.The rafting is fun, but it's nothing like being on a real river. If you really want to raft, I recommend going elsewhere. If you want to try many different things in one spot, then this is it. Overall, I had fun, but the the commercialization almost ruins the beauty of outdoor sports.
4	Only been here a couple of times.  First time was to do a Trail Race which is a different animal in-itself.  Running single file into the woods and having people bust on their faces in the mud was a big big difference to all the road races I've done before.Most of my activities at the USNWC have just been running, but it would be neat to try biking or rafting.The newest thing at the center is the Canopy Tour which looks pretty awesome.After one of my runs, we were all sweaty and decided to have a nice tall beer at the restaurant in the center.  Pretty nice way to spend an afternoon (if you survive the trails).
5	Ooooo wee!  I must have gone to USNWC on one of the hottest days of the year.  Still, I enjoyed myself - sweated like a dog but it was fun.  The whitewater rafting was so much fun.  The rope climbing was great as well.  I'll tell you what, I could not step off the building!  I plan to return very soon and will do the mega zip and more whitewater rafting, but I doubt I will attempt to step off of the building!  This is a great adventure day trip and it only took about 15 minutes to get there. Best tip:  purchase tickets online and reserve your rafting time in advance but check the weather first as there are no refunds.
5	This is a great place to go and enjoy nature and get some exercise!  Raft, do the ropes course, go kayaking, mega zip, letterboxing and more.  Really great place for fun.
4	Hit the Coca-Cola Fourth of July festival Sunday night and had a fun evening with a group of five adults and one child. We parked our chairs on the island at the Class IV turn to watch the rafters and were not disappointed. A bunch of guides who were off the clock entertained an appreciative audience with their surfing. There were many collisions and several rafts dumptrucked to the delight of spectators. When darkness arrived we simply moved our chairs about 50 feet to the other side of the island to view the fireworks show. This was the best view we've had of fireworks in years. The show lasted 15 minutes and occurred directly overhead. They don't lie when they say there is not a bad seat in the house. I was impressed by how well USNWC staff had prepared for and handled the crowds, parking and traffic. Despite the location, it only took us about 15 minutes to get back to I-85 after the fireworks ended. There was a bottleneck on the trail back to the field where we pared, but that was kind of a fun adventure and they had thought to light the path. I imagined I was trekking through the jungle. PRAISE: This remains one of the most outstanding venues for young families. Lots space for kids to run around and dogs are welcome. CRITICISM: They need to bring in some portajohns for the women during these big events and they need to turn off the street lights around the island so campers can enjoy the night sky. TIP: If you don't want to deal with the traffic park as far away as possible in one of the upper fields and walk in. You can also avoid the traffic by staying late or leaving a cooler of beverages in your car for a tail gate party while the traffic clears. SUGGESTION: I'd highly recommend USNWC host a playboat/freestyle event here to introduce local kids and the community to what would undoubtedly be a great spectators event.
4	Great place to visit! We got the all day pass and it was an excellent value. We did the zip lining, white water rafting, and kayaking. Would have wanted to rock climb and zip line the forest but we were so tired. I would definitely recommend this place!
5	This place seems AWESOME! Was in town visiting friends and we ran a 3.5 mile Xterra trail race. They weren't kidding when they said trail. The running (and I also think biking) trail was very narrow. Plus it rained the night before so it was also slippery. Overall the race was nice and a great change of pace from what I'm use to in Chicago. To read more about the race, check out my blog post: http://bit.ly/nKT45VThe place look pretty man made. They also had rafting and kayaking. The US Olympic team trains here. They can make the rapids however they'd like, how cool! Totally wish we had more time to check it out. Though their zip line just opened a couple weeks ago and we totally went on that. It was my first time and it seemed awfully high but OMG, it was so much fun! Totally worth it! It was just a real delightful experience. We also went on the adventure course. I didn't really know what it was before I signed up for it but found out quickly it's basically walking on tight rope with some help of other ropes. Horrible for people with no balance, aka me. But I got through it! The staff are super helpful and nice. The place also offers a variety of other adventures. I'd suggest getting a day pass and spending the day there. It's totally worth it for the price. My friend bought a season pass and totally worth it if you go at least 4 times, 6 times if you get the parking pass (I think). Have a day of fun!
5	This place is AWESOME. The zip line tour we did was 4 hours and totally work the $$ of course the 4th of July fireworks were AWESOME was well. Can't wait to try the white water rafting
5	A unique opportunity for those who seek outdoor adventure.You can navigate class IV rapids, Kayak, canoe or ride the 1,123 foot zip line. Trails for mountain bikers and hikers in this 400 acre facility adjacent to the Catawba river.They have a nice casual restaurant called the Rivers Edge where you can get a Fat Tire, 24 oz chubby or 16 oz skinny.They also have a band stand that backs up to the water,...how cool is that!
5	Where else can you enjoy this type of fun for $50?  Came here with five friends - we bit it on a class IV swell and got to swim/get current drug through the rest of the course.  Make sure you not only pay attention during the safety brief but also mentally practice/visualize what you do when this happens!  The guy who threw me a rope missed (about 8-10' too short of a throw) and then I lost my bearings because I was just sad at that point!  The missed rescue rope and my own poor response aside, it was a blast and the rest of the activities were challenging and fun also.  I definitely recommend wearing Vibrams if you have them (or want to buy them) - they'll give you the best experience on the obstacle courses.  If you don't wear closed toe shoes, you can rent them there because you'll need them.  Also try to go early in the day so you'll have time to enjoy multiple activities.  Cheers for Fat Tire/Blue Moon & a la carte adventure sports!!
4	Fun stuff!  My raft flipped taking all 8 of us (includes guide) overboard.  A few of us had some cuts from bumping up against the rocks.  It would have been nice if the guide had directed us to the first aid area after we finished...but we had to go find antibiotic ointment and bandaids on our own.  Other than that, I'd do it again.
5	When you have a tour guide on the water was a super tanned, upbeat surfer/stoner who lives his life rafting in the summer, skiing in the winter, and beach bumming it around the country whenever he can-- you know it's going to be a good time! TIP:  When you go rafting, ask for DAN-- he's the best!  Out of several guides, Dan is...well, see above.  He's a character and you can tell he really loves his job and makes your time on the water a fun experience. Whenever we have friends in town-- we always take them to the USNWC. It's run by people who love the outdoors and who move from other parts of the country just to work there.  The facilities really are fit or Olympians. An All-Sport pass is pricey, $50, but includes all the activities.  While you can buy single sport passes, the only way you'll be able to whitewater raft is with the All-Sport. the USNWC is like a great outdoors version of Disney World.TIP:  The "beginner" bike trail...yes it may be less hilly than the medium and expert ones...but IT IS NOT FOR THE FAINT OF HEART! Even the workers will tell you this.  The path is super narrow, bumpy and if you're not a biker or athletic, you WILL get hurt and fall off.  One guy told me about a woman who was 6 months pregnant, and he warned her not to go, but she insisted.  3 hours later (on a train that should take no longer than 45 minutes) he went in the woods to find her.  She had gotten off her bike it was so hard, and was walking the path.  Know what you're capable of!TIP: Oh, also, there are lockers for $2, but make sure you have everything you want in there, in it before you lock it.  The tokens are one-use only, so if you open your locker up, you're out $2.
5	I've been here about 8 times in the past few months and figured it time to write a review. In a word (or seven), it is like Disneyland for outdoor enthusiasts. It appeals to me on so many levels: Eagle Scout, being outdoors, being active, trying new things, loving aquatic sports.Make no mistake, they TRAIN OLYMPIANS here (eat that, Percy Jackson), which goes far beyond just whitewater rafting. Oh no, all manner of badassery can be accomplished here: running, jumping, biking, zip lining, canopy touring, kayaking, climbing,  music listening, wine tasting (on occasion) eating, drinking, drinking beer. The list goes on my friends. I can hardly thing of an -ing that CAN'T be done here! Set up the disco ball and they'd have me clubbing here. Buy the annual pass (or the All-Sport pass if you visiting). You can't do everything in a day and after coming once, you'll be back. They all come back. The pass gets you all the equipment you need to have fun and be safe doing it. Use it as an excuse to try something new.Aside from the great activities, the facilities are beautiful and the ambiance great. Truly a unique place and must if in the area.
5	Thnks place is a prefect blend of exercise and fun. The rapids are a blast and our guide "Tubbs" was awesome. I highly recommend him.
4	The last time I visited the USNWC was the first summer it was open.  This was back when there was no charge to park, 485 wasn't open this far, and you had to drive down a residential dirt road to get to it.  The only things open at the time at the center were the trails, rapids, and cafe.  We finally decided to go back this weekend as they were doing fireworks on Sunday night for the Labor Day weekend.  They also had some bands playing out there.  The place has definitely evolved and most of it is for the best.  It's also a lot more accessible since 485 opened past the airport and it's almost immediately off of the Moores Chapel road exit.  Last time we went, we had a very difficult time finding it from I-85 since there were no signs pointing to it anywhere.Parking is no longer free, it's $5.  That seems a bit steep considering what they charge for everything else.  They were accepting credit cards for parking on the day of the fireworks though, so that was cool.  They also have an annual parking pass for $40for an annual pass, so if you're local and go a lot, that would pay for itself.  Besides the rafting, there is now a rock climbing wall, zip lines, free fall jumps, eco-trekking tours, amd mountain bike rentals.  Each activity can be purchased seperately; however they offer an Allsport day pass for $49.  While I have not done any of the activities, this seems to be most economical thing to do.Besides all of those activities, there are also kayak rentals for kayaking on the nearby Catawba River.  The man-made rapids at the USNWC comprise the largest man-made recirculating river in the world.  Not only do US teams train here, but swift water rescue personnel from all over the world train here.  The cafe offers a lot of local food and micro and craft beers.  While we didn't eat here, we bought some local beer at one of the stands before the fireworks.  $6 for 24 ounces of OMB's Mektoberfest was definitely a fair price.  Note that no coolers or outside food or beverage are allowed here, so you'll need to keep it in the car or purchase it at the restaurant.The USNWC is an awesome facility right in my own backyard.  The only negatives are the charge for parking and the restrictions on outside food or beverages.  Other than that, it is definitely worth a visit and is pretty easy to get to for most people in the area.  Oh - I almost forgot, the fireworks were decent too.  Much better than what I was expecting!
5	What a find just west of the airport. Worth spending tow days to take it all I.  We did adventure white water rafting, beginner & intermediate mountain bike trails and the mega zip.  So clean, well run and designed by some amazing engineers & architects!
4	Not an incredibly 'outdoorsy' type guy but I have to say I like this place.  With tons of activities there is always something to keep you entertained.  On my most recent visits, my girlfriend and I hiked the trails and it was a nice break from our normal routine.  Be careful of the bikes while on the trails, sometimes you just have to jump out of the way!  The other visit was on a Thursday night when they have live music and honestly I loved it.  It's a different crowd than your typical Alive After Five type.  Much more laid back and I prefer it.  I will definitely be back!
4	How cool is this place?  Great staff and lots to do.  As mentioned, though, the lines can be incredibly long.  Don't expect to do everything in one day.  Luckily their passes are reasonably priced.  We met a father and son who were on their 49th visit there.  Wish we lived close enough to make this a weekly activity!
4	The worst: you can't bring a picnic lunch in with you. We got caught w a cooler starting to set up in the parking lot area.The best: Lots to do with family of all ages.
3	First time ever come to this place even it's only four miles from my house.  Hope I've come here with my boyfriend before he went home.  He love hiking like me and bike.  I joined meetup.com that they had a short trail run this morning.  I was slow and I walked along with the signs.  When I was saying those signs were clear in directive then I got lost, I followed a staight sign with ending, then left or right? Since I saw someone coming from the right, I said at least I could go where they came from.  OMG, I ended up out of the park into private properties.  My GPS on iPhone has weak signal & when I kept walking, I realized I was on the other side of the park.  I tripped over others properties, thro' the woods carefully and got back to join the team.  It's an adventure.  It's too cold with no water activities there.I purchase a year parking pass, looking forward to have company of my age to g hiking.  That means I like to g back to walk or hike.  Wait till summer, I'll see the water sports there.
5	I had my Bar Mitzvah here, and the event was great. The whitewater rafting is fun for all ages, and we've gone back several times. There are plenty of other things to do, such as rock climbing, a ropes course, and a plethora of other activities. Food has gotten better; the restaurant is okay. Overall, it's a must for visiting the area.
3	Typically, I avoid outdoors whenever possible. I hadn't been on a bicycle in 10 years when me friend asked if I'd go riding with her. I had to borrow a bike, I rest my case. My ineptitude aside, I still had fun on the bike trail. That's saying a lot because it's literally cut through the woods and they didn't move all the woods out of the way. There are roots and rocks and dips.... My friend had a blast, I walked a lot. I get the fun bit, though, and there are lots of other activities offered that might be more my style. It's definitely worth another day trip and an annual parking pass.
4	The actual facility and trip experience was incredible. However, the guide letting us in and our of our kayaks were sarcastic to the point of being rude. He joked that my friend was going to go under water if she didn't plug her nose, just by being pushed into the water and then upon exiting he told me to paddle as hard as I could into the dock to help him get momentum to lift me up. Not knowing better I actually did this and got a serious jolt. What if I had had back problems or neck problems? Not cool. The water and scenery was beautiful and there was SO much to do at the whole center. We did not let this one idiot ruin our day. It is a little pricey so you have to make the most of your day there and get there early, but it is so worth it.
4	This is an awesome place if you're an outdoorsy kind of person.The only beef I have is that one guy (I think his name was Avery) who was not pleasant when helping us, and didn't explain anything of the zip-line while it was mine and my cousin's turn.  Good thing we listened while other people who were going before us or we wouldn't have known what to do.  That is the reason they lost a star.  Customer service is a big deal to me since I used to work in retail and was a waitress for a while.Other than that, everything was awesome!  I do recommend for you to buy the whole season parking pass for $40 if you plan on going a lot.  It's $5 every time  you go.  It'll help save you a bit of money.The layout of everything is really nice.  I like walking straight past the ticket booth and being able to see the man made rapids.  It's pretty cool.  I also like how they have the restaurant where you can view all the fun the people are having.  The river to kayak is kinda far from where everything is, but the further walk is worth it.  Once you get a kayak on the river, it's so pleasant and peaceful.  I enjoyed the scenery.  This place does have a lot to offer, and I haven't done most of the activities yet.  I can't wait til I go back to experience more of this!
4	This was my second visit to the Whitewater Center. We arrived about noon this past Saturday and it was already pretty busy. Parking was five dollars in their gravel parking lot. There was a short line to get tickets and a lady was coming around asking what activities we were planning on indulging in as there was a waiver to sign. We chose the all-sport pass. It was 52 or 54 dollars I believe and included all activities along with the white water rafting. We signed up for a 1:45 raft. We chose to put our belongings in a locker. You can also store your belongings in an open bin which is kept in an employee only area for 10 dollars, this option allows you to come and go as often as you please for one fee. The locker tokens are 2 dollars each. A token is necessary to remove the key from the locker each time you open it. So, each time you open your locker you must insert the two dollar token to get your key out after closing it back. I got two tokens, one for putting my belongings in the locker initially and the second for opening it later to change into dry clothes after rafting. I also brought a second pair of dry shoes to put on after rafting. Shoe rentals are 8 dollars each. After we got settled we headed over to the rafting area five minutes prior to rafting as instructed. It was actually closer to 2pm before the instructions for rafting began. The guide talked very fast but was comical and to the point. I was able to grasp all the information but I don't think my friend's two children did. We got our equipment together and headed out with Casey. Casey was very helpful and friendly, cute too. He took us around a couple times on the lighter waves to let the kids and us get the hang of things, then he took us on to some adventure rafting a couple times. We had a great time. Wish we would have had more time and energy in the day for a second round. Also tipping is appreciated but not required. We tipped him 10 dollars.After changing into something dry and reapplying sunscreen and now mosquito repellent, those blood sucking creatures love me, we went to zip line. Don't let the  line fool you. The line wasn't very long and we figured it would be maybe half a hour wait. Wrong, try a hour and a half. I had never zip lined before so I waited eagerly for my turn. I was about dehydrated though before I got started. They should have a drink machine like Carowinds does in these lines. I think I overly anticipated the excitement involved in zip lining from watching too many Indiana Jones and jungle movies. In my opinion, it was comparable to riding the swings at the fair. But at least I gave it a try and can say I did it now. After zip ling 1200 feet across part of the rapids we walked back to return our equipment. I was now foaming at the mouth from thirst, lol. We headed over to the restaurant on-site for some enjoyable and much needed refreshments. That's another review...I would like to go back again but earlier and during the week. So I could start rafting early and wind down the day kayaking down the Catawba River.
4	If you like the outdoors, then this place won't disappoint you. However, I did encounter one rude staff member.  My 58 year-old mother had already walked down to the flat-water kayaking dock.  Unfortunately she had not signed the release waver yet and there was no way she would be able to climb that hill twice.  So the employee gave me hell; she was convinced that I was trying to get around their paperwork.  I suggested that I would run the paperwork down to my mother and then back up before anybody ever got in a kayak.  She still didn't get it until I finally said, "I run marathons, I will be back with this signed in 10 minutes".  So I ran down, my mother signed it, and I ran back up.Sometimes employees just need to listen, I wasn't trying to get around their liability waver, I was trying to prevent my 58 year old mother from having to climb a very steep hill twice (it is a very steep hill, trust me.)
5	Awesome...felt like summer camp for adults! Well, kids can come too...and don't forget your furry friends either. You can be as active or as docile as you'd like. They have something for everyone here! For $5, you get into the parking lot. If you want to participate in any of the sporting events, you'll need to get a pass. You can kayak, bike on multiple trails, rock climb, ride the rapids, zip along the lines, and walk the high ropes course. Bring the following and you'll do just fine:-Closed toed shoes (most events require this)-Swimming suit under your clothes (although some people just wear their suit, so feel free)-Towels-Sunscreen (reapply often)-Backpack-Flip flops (in case you get soaked and you want to air out)-Personal bike helmet (they have some there, but they are stinky from dunking in the sanitizer and being plunked on everyone's sweaty head). If you forget something, they have an outdoor shop. You CANNOT bring in a cooler, but they have a great restaurant there with reasonable prices. For approximately $10 you get a great sandwich or burger with a side. They also have snack bars set up so you can purchase power bars and gatorades to replenish you. This is great fun! I will return...again and again.
4	Great experience, but long waits and heat can do you in. Over one hour wait at some of the attractions. No cooling stations or water fountains near many of the courses.  I had,to forgo one attraction because I could feel that I was going to pass out.  Be prepared for the summer wave of visitors flocking to this place.
5	This place is just plain fun. Huge rock walls, rappelling, seriously long zip line runs... Oh yeah... And a man made river rapids that so nice the U.S. Olympic team uses the place for training.Prices are reasonable for the sheer amount of activities available to you. You can buy a big general day pass that lets you try lots of different things or you can buy passes for specific things. The staff is very knowledgeable and eager to teach (much appreciated)I left this place asking myself how come I'd not heard of it before. Many thanks to Subaru for hosting an event there and inviting me out. It's an awesome place and very close to Charlotte.
5	Fabulous family outdoor center. Especially great on 4th of July and summer weekends. Fun, food, sports, music and Fireworks.
5	Awesome!  Be prepared to hurt the next day.
5	I went on a Saturday when I was in Charlotte visiting a good friend with her and my boyfriend. This place was amazing and we spent most of the day there and only had time to white water raft, and kayak. This is where I discovered I LOVE kayaking. The water there was clean, and after we kayaked a ways down the river there is a nice little spot where it is shallow enough to park your kayak and swim. It was so relaxing. The day flew by! There is so much more to do though; zip-lining (I wanted to try but by the end of white water rafting we were getting tired), mega jump, the rope course, and they were having some festival we didn't know about until we go there with wine tastings, food, and live music. Make sure you sign up as early as possible so you don't miss out if you want to white water raft. I will definitely coming back next time I am in Charlotte!
5	Went here with friends and had SO much fun kayaking and zip lining! Definitely worth a trip. I did not get to raft but next time I definitely will! The employees are very nice and encouraging, even if you are not experienced in an activity. Can't wait to go back!!
5	Most amazing place to go in Charolette, hands down.
5	Hmmm where to start with the whitewater center. My friends and I all have season passes so there's very little we haven't done. It's great for families, groups of friends, team building events, etc. I'm just gonna start from the beginning. You walk up to the front and you're greeted by one of the friendliest guys I've ever met. He's always asking how you're doing, what you're planning, always followed by the most sincere "I hope you guys really enjoy your time here today" (or something along those lines). Everybody who works there has the same personality- always looking for ways to make your day better. We usually start off with the zip line. It's just a good way to wake up. Plus you feel kinda like you're flying. My favorite part is the rafting, of course. Raft guides can accommodate all groups, from families with young children to wild, crazy 20 and 30-somethings. You just tell them what kind of ride you want and they'll give it to you. If you want a safe ride, they can do that. If you want to be guaranteed to fall out, they can do that too. Request "rafting roulette" for a great time! well, as long as you don't have kids with you. You're pretty much guaranteed a rough ride and someone will probably fall out but it is SOOOO much fun you cant help but laugh when it's over. All of the ropes courses are fun and a good challenge. The flatwater kayaking and paddleboarding are both great ways to explore the Catawba river. If you want to, you can park you kayak or paddleboard and just lay out on one of the beaches, or just float along the river. It's very relaxing! And the best part? The end of the day. There's a great selection of beer (including beers from local breweries) at The Rivers Edge Bar and Grill and after a long day of playing in the water and burning tons of calories, a cool refreshing beer is perfect. Can't wait for next season and all the new things to come!
4	This is just such a unique place you can't help but like it.  I have never been white water rafting anywhere else so I have nothing to compare it to....but here it is definitely fun. I have had people fall in and they were okay. However, I have also seen people fall in and get hurt. People need to keep in mind there is always some danger in white water rafting. I have also attend there live music which is okay and a group function that was catered. The food is typical catering but the atmosphere is awesome. This place is extremely pet friendly.
4	The NWC is a destination for thrill-seekers and locals alike. The sheer winding entrance way alone will give you a comprehensive sense of how much property there is at hand for this facility. You really can't go wrong with a day here, but the weather really does need to be on your side for full-fledged enjoyment and bang for your buck. I've been to the NWC multiple times and have checked out most everything offered. Rafting is hilariously fun, flatwater kayaking is relaxing, ropes courses/zipline tour is an incredibly challenging experience and a great workout, the mega zipline is a rush, and the mountain biking trails range from moderate to extremely challenging. Where I've frequented the trails here more than anything else and would be most familiar with them, you can spend an entire day here with great fulfillment. The prices...meh. For a whitewater enthusiast, annual passes would be justifiable, but perhaps not for a "one and done" individual. Also, you really need to know what you're getting into before you pay for a pass. It's a ton of physical exertion and you'll most likely get tuckered out by mid-day. Again, I especially love the NWC for the bike trails (affordable price for parking and that's all) and the accessibility. It's easy to show up on a weekend, ride for a few hours and then bounce...of course, the trails have to be open. They have penchant for closing the trails after a light sprinkle or heavy misting over the area.
5	Really enjoyed going to the white water center, a ton of things to do for everyone.  Enjoyed the ropes course, the mountain bike trails, the zip line, rock climbing wall, hiking trails and of course, the rafting.  What I like is that if you are a kayaker you can bring your kayak and use the facility.  If you are a mountain biker, bring your bike and hop on the trails.  As far as the rafting goes, its not nearly the same as real white water rafting, but is still a great time, and with the right group of friends there will be plenty of stories to tell.  I look forward to visiting the white water center as many times as I can make the trip.
5	What a cool place to spend the day getting your outdoorsy on!  As is typical for me, took my niece and her husband visiting from Vermont for me to start thinking, "what can we do that's fun while they're here".The NWC came to mind and everyone was up for a day outside.  We sampled some of what's there to offer including the rock climbing wall, zip line and, rafting.  What a blast we all had.  We ended the day feeling fully tired and maybe a bit sore but it was that good sore you get from actually using your muscles for something other than 12 oz. curls!Look forward to another trip with the plan for that day being to take the canopy tour.
4	Great activities, even in winter (nice sunny day and no lines). Very physical -- I watched and took photos. Kids loved it.
5	This place is Fabulous for a day outdoors!!!  The White Water river sets a great center piece for all the activities.   We first spent the day here when a friend came into town.  She is afraid of heights, however, the staff here was so supportive and patient, they guided her through the courses with the utmost care.  We all had SO much fun. Our great experiences here prompted us to ask for Season Passes for a Christmas gift.  It was the best gift!!!  We are able to take our dog on the trails, to the restaureant (outside seating) and to all the events.  The Thursday evening River Jams in the summer are a great way to unwind, listen to music and watch the sun go down. You can attend the events and walk/bike the trails for free, without being a member. I DO recommend that if you decide to frequent the WWC, buy the $40 yearly parking pass.  It's $5 to park each time, so the pass will pay for itself if you plan to go often, even if you are just going for dinner. The River's Edge Bar & Grill has a wonderful beer and wine selection. You can stop for a meal or a snack.  We have a really wonderful, get dirty, feel exuberant time whenever we go!!!  When friends come into town, we always take them there for a day of fun and a great meal. It's a Charlotte must do!!!
4	I don't have much to go on here other than I came here to check out the live music and the scenery for St. Patrick's Day and can't wait to get back here to actually partake in all the outdoor activities they have to offer!We took a walk around to check out what the place has to offer and it has lots of fun things from hiking trails to obstacle courses to the zip line.  And of course, they have the white water rafting on their man-made river that looked like a blast.  I watched the individual kayaks and the larger rafts float by and it was fun to see people passing along the river, getting yelled at lovingly from their instructors.I'm new to Charlotte and this is exactly what I was looking for when I moved here.  The opportunity to enjoy the outdoors without having to travel far from home and am so glad to have found it here!
4	My first time was for a 5K run on St. Patrick's Day...actually it was the Color Me Green Run.  Excitement was in the air as runners gathered at the start line.  Unfortunately, there wasn't a whole lot of running area as we went to the actual trail.  That was disppointing as it was so narrow that if you got stuck behind a "walker" there wasn't anywhere for you to pass them.  It reminded me of I-77 during rush hour.  During the run, Whitewater Center employees threw green colored powder on random runners.  I got completed covered!  But, it was all in good fun until I tried to wash it off and found it next to impossible to get it off.  But, the craft beer selection was really good and the river turning lime green was really great.  I look forward to coming back and doing the whitewater rafting with friends, as it looked like a fun time!
4	This place is so great to have in Charlotte! My only complaint is that it is somewhat of a hike for me to get up there and I also don't appreciate the $5 charge for parking. Other than that, they have so much variety for people of all ages. I was lucky enough to get to experience a Spartan Race there over the weekend. It is obvious that it was very well organized and I was most impressed with the amount of bathrooms and locations of bathrooms. Always a plus for a girl with a small bladder:) Can't wait to get back there this summer for some white water rafting and zip lining.
5	"Amazing Experience, Very Fun, Lots to do, & Whitewater rafting.... ;-)"We planned a military organization day (fun day) here with a total of 40 people in our group. There were men, women, and children in the group and everyone had fun. The best attraction of course was the whitewater rafting (which you need to reserve a time) and it was just so awesome from beginning to finish. It was really the best way to start things off because it takes a lot of teamwork to raft.We kayaked with the kids on the Cawatba river it was safe and fun. A lot of the families went on the climb to zip and rock climbing. The only downfall was that there was a one and a half hour wait for their "zip line" attraction. It was definitely something we wanted to do but by 3pm with the kids and the heat just didn't have it in us to wait that long. I guess you have to do those early on.The facility is perfect and their staff is great. It was our first time there, and a first for me at a place like this....Knowing what I know after the event I could've planned it better to maximize the fun. If I had to re-plan the event, I would have had done it is this way:1. Zip Line (fun)2. Whitewater rafting (team-building)3. Lunch4. Obstacle Course (with prize for team w/ best time)5. Flat water Kayaking race (for teams 1, 2nd, and 3rd place)Visited July 2011
5	Every time I head out to the White Water Center I leave ready to go back again!  It is a great day to go out and par-take in the activities or just walk around, enjoy some good food and a beer!  One of Charlotte's better tourist and local attractions!
4	This place is a lot of fun. We went the day after St. Patrick's Day and the water was still green. We didn't have enough time to raft-we decided to save it for last in the day but they close it up a bit early. We did the zipline, had lunch and climbed for a few hours. Climbing staff are really friendly. Lots of great beer to choose from. I have heard their live music is great. I don't really love having to pay to park and then pay an admission fee but it is still a great place to go. They also provide Twitter updates on the status of their trails.
3	This place is cool! Get there early if you want to do the big zip line (most popular attraction)- the wait is likely longer than it looks.  The ropes courses were really neat, but know that once you start, there's no going back, no one is coming to rescue you.  White water rafting is fun, but its man made and the course runs in a small circle, so it gets old quickly. Locker rentals are definitely worth it, because you can't take your stuff on any attractions. Food, tickets, beer are all overpriced, which is to be expected.....but hey, they serve beer (which was actually quite shocking given the heights, harnesses, helmets, rules, etc of all the attractions). Cool place, but doubt you'll care to pay the entry fee to go more than once unless you have kids and get a season pass.
5	Mountain bikingAwesome trails! 3 levels, there is so much to so if you are an outdoor lover!
4	There is nothing else like the USNWC it's one of those unique places you just have to show off to your friends who are visiting from out of town.  Now that it's getting warm outside there is no better time of year to make a visit.  I've been to USNWC several times now I took the family here for a day of adventure we did it all zip-line, whitewater rafting, kayaking, rock climbing etc.  This place isn't just for family fun its a great place to host a team building event. Get on that rope course and kick your coworkers butts. I finally made it to River Jam last night if you haven't been I highly recommend it: great beer, awesome food, and some killer music.  Thursday nights throughout the summer you can go hear live bands and enjoy a healthy dinner all on the waterfront - bring your kids, or bring your pups all are welcome here.I'm dying to go on one of the Microbrews tours this year - a sunset paddle along the Catawba River followed by a fireside dinner with craft beer tastings.  Now it doesn't get much better than that.
4	Okay, I came here just to do my training, 5 mile walk at 8:00am, Saturday.It was awesome! I got to check out the man-made water sport inside, mega zip-line, entrance to an obstacle course, five times while doing my laps.. It was pretty nifty.Setup - they have a lot of sports activity that caters to the need of individual and family. To name a few..Rock climbingKayakingZip liningTrail around the kayakingObstacle coursesIt was such a great weather and the day was perfect to attend all these events. Price - I don't think it's too bad for an all sports package, adults was $47ish - which is doable.  Staff members - are friendly and nice!
1	Normally we love the white water center.  It is a GREAT place for rafting, kayaking, rock climbing, mtn bike riding, etc and my kids love it.  The issue is that we booked their private conf area for a large family event (~200 people) over 6 months ago and were told that there would not be any other events that evening.  3 weeks before the event (in the middle of wedding/graduation season) we find out from a friend that they have a large public concert event scheduled that same night.  Not only is that a major issue / conflict with our event, BUT they didn't even inform us of this.  They offered no flexibility and no apology for this.  On this short notice we had to find another venue as we were not happy with competing with a large public concert for an important family event.  I would discourage anyone from booking a private event there.
5	this place was great a lot of professional workers there price was reasonable they are very safe and my girls school all went and had no problems . I have never done this before and it was in a controlled environment the only problem was there were four lines in only two employees and a two hour wait to get on the line they have lockers to lock your items up they have changing rooms and a lot of fun. our man in charge of our raft was Justin and he did a great job. don't worry if you or your youngins fall in they are quick to react and also teach you how to be safe. thanks for a great time
4	Great time for all, as long as you're somewhat athletic. The rope climbs and zip lines are not for out-of-shape people. Sorry. Prepare to stay a full day to really enjoy everything and not work yourself to death.  Friendly and helpful staff. Everything cost: water shoe rental (if you need them) lockers (ONE TIME USE!!!) storage tubs and parking. Food is reasonably priced and beer is around $5 for a 16oz. That's right, beer. (it comes in quite handy when the park is overrun with middle school kids) Can't wait to go again!
4	Joe and I love this place so much that we bought all-sport passes for eachother in lieu of traditional wedding presents. The location, trails, rafting, ziplining, dog-friendliness, staff, and amazing events hosted at the USNWC are fantabulous. My only beef is that I wish they would let you bring outside food and beverages in. I understand why they aren't allowed, but it would definitely help those of us who are on a buget enjoy ourselves a bit more without breaking the bank.If you haven't gone to a River Jam concert, I highly recommend giving it a try this Thursday. The bands are always great and there is no place I'd rather be on a Thursday night than sitting in a lawn chair, drinking a beer, chilling with my puppy and good friends while listening to blue grass!The USNWC is one of those "must see" places that we take friends and family to when they visit Charlotte. The $40 parking pass is well worth it if you plan on visiting frequently, as is the year-round all-sport pass...  I think I'll head back on Thursday :)
5	The white water center is a must for anyone who enjoys the outdoors.  The staff is friendly, the food is delicious, and there's a ton to do.  Whether you're rafting, or just hanging out and relaxing you really can't go wrong here.
5	I can't say enough good things about the U.S. National Whitewater Center.  If I lived near Charlotte we would definitely have a season pass for my family.  There is so much to do here and each time it's a different experience.  I went with my family for a day and we were able to get in a couple of adventure rafting trips, rock-climbing, Mega-Zip line, Mega-Jump and some high-ropes work.  We were there from noon to 8pm and there was so much more that we wanted to do but just didn't have time!  All of the guides and staff were very professional and wonderful to work with.  The place is beautiful just to walk around and is kept very clean.  I really liked that they don't make everyone in your group pay, only those that are participating in the activities.  This allows for a more family-friendly environment where some people can just relax and enjoy watching the rafting and other activities from the comfort of the many shady areas around the rafting park.  The price of the passes is not cheap, but it compares to what you would spend at a place like Carowinds and the experience is so much nicer, more relaxed and adventure filled.  Carowinds is like going to a State Fair while the National Whitewater Center is like going to Disney World!The food provided is very high quality and at a reasonable price, like what you'd find at a restaurant anywhere else.  They don't take advantage that you don't have any other choices for eating.  We will definitely be making the trip to Charlotte again to take advantage of all that the center has to offer.  The next time though, maybe we will spend the whole weekend!
5	I love this place for multiple reasons but most recently because of all the great physical activities they offer. I've been here a handful of times in the past but this past week was a great experience. I am not going to run down all the same things that everyone has already mentioned but I will say that you MUST try the new obstacle courses.  They are challenging, fun, scary, intimidating, etc.  It is a great way to push yourself and you will have a great sense of accomplishment once you complete them!  There is one course that you are not even allowed to go on unless you can do a full pull up...and they TEST you beforehand!  I am NOT going to disclose whether or not I was able to do that one so mind your own business.  BUT, I will say that they offer 4 or 5 different courses and they are all at different levels so there is something for everyone!In my opinion, the two most physically challenging things you can do at the WWC is the mountain biking and the obstacle/adventure courses.  I think the whitewater rafting is a little bootleg and the zip line is kinda lame but there is something for everyone at this great park.Enjoy and be careful!
5	The price was great, $44 for a Cool Sport pass (we didnt do the whitewater rafting).  There were plenty of different activities to do, and the lines were short and went quickly! The staff was so friendly and helpful! So much fun, definitely go if you have the chance :)
4	So where else can you go to find something like this? Great venue, obstacle rope courses, zip lines, walking trails, biking trails, and of course- the man-made rapids! I'd simply recommend checking this place out, whether your nearby or not so nearby, this place is a great addition to the Charlotte area. Pay $5 for parking for vehicle, and you have access to roam around, which is entertaining in itself. Trail riding is free. Bring your helmet. Easy, moderate, and hard trails. Great landscapes!Services in the heart of the park will run you a few dollars for a day pass. On a day pass, you have access to everything the park offers, including the rafting. Not sure how much the other packages go for but you can do the day pass for about $55. The on-site restaurant has some good menu options, but the service is VERY slow. When you come here to eat, remember it's more about chilling there and soaking in the awe of the parks landscape, not about quick service unfortunately. If you're lucky, you can catch great events here also. Beerfests, whitewater olympic qualifying, etc. They have a "river jam" with live bands every Thursday and Saturday. My favorite event here was St. Patty's day where they dyed the rapids a hot green. Absolutely awesome.
5	I just love being a member of this place.  We are so fortunate to have such a unique venue in our backyard. As an AllSport member, you can do just about anything at anytime.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  I do like the fact that you can sit and get a descent meal that is not overly priced and they have a huge ever changing selection of brews!  And bestest--the place is dog friendly.My friend had a Caesar Chicken Salad--big bowl of romaine and cheese with a fresh grilled chicken breast; I had some wings extra crispy(nice and spicy flavor between a chipotle and habanero) but was served some confetti veggies and not celery.  Wife had the Chicken and Rice bowl and was enough to share.Can't wait to ride the rapids again!
1	Beer lines take forever. Staff doesn't care either. Stay away on a Thursday or holiday!
5	Loved this place! I'm already making plans to go back again soon!
3	I came to the USNCW for a team building day with my job. I am definitely not the outdoorsy type so I made the most of the day. I also cannot swim so that knocks out a good number of activities that I could do. We started with lunch at the restaurant the service was mad slow but the food was pretty good. I had the Cuban sandwich with fries. The sandwich was great and a big portion but the fries were amazing , I have never seen fries seasoned so well I didn't even need ketchup! We then moved on to our next activities I did the zip line while others did rafting. The zip line was pretty cool it's not super high but high enough to have a decent ride. The only part they don't' explain is the end you definitely are jerked pretty hard when you land but other than that I had a good time. It kinda sucks that you have to walk all the way back with your equipment. My team had a pretty good time with the rafting although they fell out of the boat twice they seemed to enjoy it. The season pass seems like a really good deal seeing that a day pass is like 50ish .
5	This place is SO FUN! The first couple of times we just went flat water kayaking on the Catawba which was fun and relaxing while also a decent workout. We finally worked ourselves up to doing the rafting (the adventure one) and it was a blast. Most of us fell out - which was not that bad. In the training they make it seem like you're basically going to die unless you follow all of these instructions you'll almost certainly forget while swirling around in the rapids. But it's totally fine, definitely adventurous, but fine. I mean there was a kid on our raft! We have season passes which I feel like is a good deal because you only have to go something like three times to make it pay for itself. That's nice because you don't feel like you have to do everything in one trip.We've also done a brews cruise with NoDa Brewing which is fun - kayaking and then beer and a catered dinner from the restaurant which was really good - all in this outdoor amphitheater by a fire. They go through the summer. I definitely recommend a visit at least once!
4	I LOVE THIS PLACE! Okay, I've only been here twice, but I've also only ever been to Charlotte twice... and I've gone here during both my visits, so, that's gotta mean something, right?!Rock climbing, rope courses, canoeing, whitewater rafting - this place has everything you could need to have a fun, adventurous day in the outdoors!The entire center is beautifully built and well-maintained. I cannot wait to go again the next time I swoop on down to the Queen City!PS: The food truck (I wish I remembered the name of it) is SUPER GOOD and well-priced! Quinoa & sweet potato soft tacos for the win!
5	I love this place!!! I have a season pass and have been going almost every weekend.  I really enjoy flat water paddle boarding, mountain biking, and rafting.  It is also a great place to have a drink, hang out, and watch rafters.  I always take out of town guest here.  I am a girly girl, but this place has made me love being outside and getting dirty.
5	I'm reviewing the white water adventure rafting and Rodeo rafting here and can't speak to the other activities (even though everyone looks like they're having fun!)My family and I went early on a Saturday morning. We made reservations early in the week for adventure rafting. It is an extra 10 dollars online to make reservations, but it was worth it. Getting in was easy at 9 in the morning. There wasn't much of a line and the parking lot wasn't crazy (yet). The rafting is around a 90 minute activity. You sit through about a 15-20 minute lecture on rafting safety and then you gear up. They call your party's name and then you meet your raft guide. Our guide was Cory the first go round. REQUEST him!! He was GREAT! Super friendly and funny. The adventure rafting is fun and you DO GET WET. I even fell out of the raft and had to be "rescued" by one of the guides on the side. It was a BLAST. The four of us decided to do Rodeo rafting after our adventure rafting. It is an extra 15 dollars per person for this CRAZY activity. Our guide this time was Carter, and he was GREAT, too! The boat you use during this activity is TINY and they spend about 15 minutes giving you safety swimming lessons as you spend more time OUT of your raft than IN it. I would not recommend this for people who are afraid to get thrown under rafts and smashed into rocks. This is EXTREME. I would also not recommend doing this activity on a busy Saturday. There are too many other rafts that get in the way of the Rodeo experience. I was run over twice by other rafts and at one point got smashed between two rafts on the big drop. It was INTENSE! My father and sister left with bloody legs and arms.That being said, I would highly recommend you try both the adventure and Rodeo rafting on a week day, not on a busy Saturday! We will be back!!
5	Love this place.  They have live music once a week at least, great ziplines, fun trails to walk and a very non- challenging whitewater rafting experience.  Fun!
5	Reviewing the restaurant. Food was absolutely a surprise. The chicken thigh special was killer, and the beer selection was phenomenal. Oh and the price was dirt cheap.
5	This place is great value for the admission price, plenty of activities for adults and older children. The bar and grill has the best food I have ever had in a "park" setting, lots of healthy freshly prepared options and a very nice selection of craft beers. You will get get banged up a bit while white water rafting but that's part of the fun.
1	U.S. National Whitewater Center5000 Whitewater Center ParkwayCharlotte, NC  28214To whom it may concern,I made an honest mistake this evening at the US National Whitewater Center, a business I've supported since its grand opening in 2006.  The manner in which the situation was handled left my wife and I stranded with two dogs, no way to get home, and cost hundreds of dollars to correct.  As a business owner who values their patrons, there is no way my customers would receive this kind of treatment. On Thursday evenings there is a large turnout.  Tonight was no exception; the parking lots are full.  As you drive near front entrance there are people going back and forth to their cars with: kids, dogs, lawn chairs, church buses, taxis, etc entering the facility.  To the right of the main entrance there are a few parking areas in a dirt lot.  This is the area where I have parked my car for years.  When the area gets full people routinely park beside the roadway in the grass.  Tonight this is where I parked.   What I did not notice in the midst of the commotion upon entering was the addition of signage stating no parking past this point.   As we parked the car a USNWC employee was standing 15 feet away looking directly at me, who smiled as we gathered our two dogs and exited the car.  We then let the dogs visit a few trees, still a stone's throw from the employee and the car.  Upon leaving at 8:45pm I noticed the car was not there.   First thought was it had been stolen, then I saw the signs "no parking, towing enforced".   I then wondered how many times I have parked there before with that sign glaring at me.The front desk keeps tabs on cars they have towed, so it didn't take long to discover that was what happened.   They provided me with the towing company's information.   I've never been towed before, so I had no idea what to expect.   The conversation with the towing company was very disturbing. Yes, we have your car but we close in 15 minutes and if you aren't here before then, you cannot get it until tomorrow.   The USNWC isn't exactly bustling with taxis at this point in time, nor is it very close to anything.   A taxi was dispatched immediately, but who knows how long that takes.   I told the towing company I would call them back as soon as I was on my way.  Several employees from the USNWC were nearby and overheard how cumbersome all this had quickly become.  What now had to happen: get a cab for my wife and I plus two large dogs, get to the towing company in 15 minutes, have hundreds of dollars (cash only), provide proof of registration, proof of insurance, copy of driver's license.  Time was the biggest concern as there was just no way manage all this and have any hopes of getting my car back this evening.   I had never thought of it before, but taxi's are not pet friendly.   When it showed up, I took the taxi and my wife plus dogs stayed behind waiting for friends on the east side of Charlotte to pick them up.   By the time I arrived at the towing company, the owner agreed to have someone onsite, provided I met their requirements to retrieve my car.  Friends met me there with cash, I had my insurance card matching the VIN of the car, have my car keys, had paperwork in the car with my name and address on them.  With all this, plus me being frantic and stranded at the location they towed my car from: "No can do without: title, bill of sale, or registration receipt".   Given I want all of these to be in a safe place, I do not keep them in the car.  Long story short, I'm not getting my car tonight and I will not make that business meeting at 8am across town.   Having said all that, I realize that I parked in a spot marked no parking. In between realizing my car had been towed and the taxi showing up, I spoke to the manager of the USNWC about my situation.  I asked how long the no parking signage had been there.   He advised it was installed about one month ago.  There is little point in debating the merits of the circumstance at this point because the damage is done.  Nevertheless, I asked if they knew the policy was recently changed, would it be reasonable to put a sticky note on my window indicating the policy recently changed and you cannot park here anymore.  No answer.Why did I write this in the first place?  For starters, I'm upset for not seeing the sign and for parking where I shouldn't have.   What upsets me more is a business I had a connection with for years let me down.   Respect for one's customers is what every business should strive for.  A simple warning sticky-note on the window, or a yell "hey read that sign" would have made my day.  Instead I may never return to a place I have hung out with friends for years.  I hold no illusion my experience will affect business there one way or another.   More than anything I find it disrespectful.   I believe those actions give insight to the inner workings of the facility and how its customers are valued.
5	From the moment you drive the long and winding road to the gate you know you are going somewhere special. This is a place I spend many summer days dripping in my own sweat and loving every moment of it. If I'm being honest, I spend a good portion of the more milder seasoned days there too. Today was the great Beast Feast. Bands played all day long by the white waters and the food trucks were a plenty for a competition. $5 bought 4 tickets and you could try a bit of this or that and then vote online for your favorite truck.  These type of fun events go on all year so if you did not like the amazing White Water Rafting, 4 hours worth of Zip Linning, Mountain Biking, Rock Climbing, Obsticle Courses, or Hiking, that a year long pass gets you (complete with all necessary equipment rentals). Then perhaps you will enjoy what a $5 parking pass or $40 yr round pass gets you; a casual restaurant overlooking the rapids, tons of walking trails, live bands and fireworks in the summer, and tons of great events like Beast Feast throughout the year. Please if you do nothing else while visiting Charlotte, go take the day enjoy the white waters. :)
5	Their "recess is back" advertisement campaign really doesn't do this place justice. It is like an active-lifestyle Disney land. Seriously. Where else can you go for white water rafting, and kayaking, zip lining and tree top rope walks, and kayaking and paddle boarding?Amazing; we were there from 9am till 3pm and still couldn't do everything there is to do. We will definitely be back.The snack bars are pretty good and the beer selection isn't bad either. You really can't loose!
5	Perfect place to bring visitors! Had some friends from out of state visit this past weekend and all I can say is...awesome! From whitewater rafting to rock climbing to walking on a thin wire 45 ft above ground...we left the whitewater center feeling like we conquered the worldRecommendations:-arrive early! (Got there around noon Saturday and it was very crowded)-buy tickets ahead of time -upon arrival, reserve a slot for whitewater rafting (spots fill up quickly)-pack snacks and water (went on food truck competition day and each truck had at least an hour wait)
5	What everyone else said....and more. Go...go often. Get the family and, go. Pull the kids off the sofa and out of a classroom, and go. You will remember why God gave us the ability to reason...to strategize a solution in an accelerated endorphin surge and survive through a full body/mind synergism. Oops, slipping to the dark side there...but, it's all true. Just read the signs plastered all over, designed to keep you safe.So, go. But bring your own food and water. Didn't care for Rivers Edge...they apparently  didn't get the survive and thrive themed memo/ mission statement. The beer is great, so stick to that and some nuts if you forget the snacks. Love ths place...will get a season pass next year...for all the reasons Yelped already; except the guy who was towed. That stinks. A bigger message interwoven in that survive to thrive theme...read the signs or you will go down, literally and figuratively.
5	This place is boss. 7+ miles with the dog and he still wants to do the soft water!
5	Great for outdoor enthusiasts both hardcore and amateur ;) Dogs are welcome!Be ready to be having a blast flying overhead or down the rapids rather than just taking pics or Facebooking --- you won't have time to!
5	This place is great! We did the day pass to do everything and I have to say, the white water rafting was worth the whole pass. Was tons fun! We did the rope obstacles which were super fun also. Definitely looking forward to trying the white water kayaking. Looks awesome. I was pretty happy that the lines were minimum on a Sunday. We got there around 12, and although we didn't get everything in we got a lot in and left Pretty happy. Also, we tried the food there. Everything is priced pretty well, even the alcohol. I do think they can work a little more on making their food better. I had to put a good amount of salt on almost everything. I think that's my only complaint. I will be back soon.
5	I can't say enough good things about this place.  I went here for my bachelorette party this past weekend with 8 of my closest friends.  It was probably my favorite weekend of all time.  We went whitewater rafting with our guide Clifton.  Not only was he handsome, funny & charming, but he really knew what he was doing.  He kept us safe and totally engaged the whole time.  90 minutes flew by like it was 45 minutes!  If we had time, we probably would have gone for round two!  We followed the rafting with a mega drop (sooo scary, yet thrilling) and the Canyon Zip.  We were already talking about another trip before we even left!  The food and beer selection was exceptional.  Our server wasn't the most polite, but that was really the only drawback to the whole thing.  Worth every penny!
5	This place was amazing! My mom took the BF and I here when we were visiting at the end of summer. It was so much fun. We started out with the big zip line that goes over the rafting/canoeing area. That was fun, and not scary at all, so don't let that hold you back. Then we walked around for a half hour before our rafting time. At 1, we sat with a bunch of other people and got the rafting talk, you know, be safe, follow directions, don't be dumb. We got geared up and got in our raft. Our guide was really fantastic. We did four runs. Two on the easier side, two on the harder side. It was really fun and really intense. At the end of the last run, our guide flipped the raft XD the water felt great, and another raft rescued us!After rafting, we decided it was food time. We went to the restaurant there and sat outside. The food was pretty yummy and reasonably priced. It also gave us time to dry off. After food, we started to head towards the high ropes courses. We decided to start with the super beginner, which for some reason was kinda difficult. Though my mom did it, which was pretty bad-ass for a 60 year old. I managed to jam/sprain/ouchie my pinky on the first obstacle. Woot. That didn't stop me from doing the other easy one, the moderate one, and one of the hard ones that ends in an awesome zip line. The BF and I had a great time doing the courses together. Mom sat out after the first, but next time she's going to try the one that leads to the fast zip line. Luckily for me, the BF is an Eagle Scout, so he knows all about high ropes courses. He was able to help stabilize a few ropes, since neither of us were using our harness ropes as support.It was getting late, and we decided that more food was necessary. We split a salad and a trail mix cup. Both were yummy, and from the little store here. We sat listening to the live band for a while, then headed home to get me some tape/brace for my finger. All in all it was a fantastic day and I can't wait to visit again and do everything else there is.
5	Came here and had a BLAST.  A must if your a local or visiting the Charlotte area. The white water course is close to the real thing.  Staff is friendly and they take your safety seriously. I plan and getting a yearly pass...
5	If you love outdoor sports this place is perfect. I came here to inquire about hosting an event but my brother goes mountain/trail biking here all the time and he gets an intense workout. I came here 11/30 so it was the last day for the rapids for the year but I didn't go because I like to do water sports during the spring or summer so definitely next time. They have rock climbing, zip line, trail hiking/ biking. They have a restaurant and outdoor sport shop. I will be back during warmer to do the canoeing and rafting. This place at one time or still do train for the Olympics. They also hold all kinds of events here. Fun place to visit well worth it.
5	Green.  River.  Revival.  If you did not make it this year please try to check it out next year.  It's worth the time you sit in traffic waiting to get in because I bet that time will be less than the travel time to get up to Chicago or down to Savannah for a similar dyed water experience.And there it is...the wildly green water like a river of Ghostbusters Kool Aid!  To my knowledge, it's non-binding so if you are all "Yay, rafting!!" and inhale some you should survive.  After rafting through the Ghostbusters Kool Aid I didn't experience any clothes or skin staining!  Food, beer, and live music aplenty you officially have a license to chill!  This year Love Canon was on the stage and kept rock in' the crowd.Safe to say we had a great time!
4	If you're ever in Charlotte, this place is worthy of a visit. From zip line to rafting they have it all. Great food and beer to enjoy while you watch the activities.
4	Great place for outdoor activities. The white water rafting is fun but your clothes absolutely horrifically stink after you come out of the water so don't know if the water is dirty or there is a lot of chemical added to the water. 4th of July event is great too!
5	On the outskirts of Charlotte lies this huge gem! If you need a little escape from the city life check out what the USNWWC has to offer. If you're looking to go on a hike, bike ride, zip line or simply enjoy the scenery. Not to mention all the water activities that are offered. Hence the name! The center offers several different options when it comes to activities if you're really outdoorsy or not. On top of that, there are several festivals throughout the warmer months with live music and local brews. Don't forget to check out the Thursday river jams and zip(line) and dine events. The staff members are helpful and friendly! One more great perk, they're dog friendly!
5	So I'm in town for two months visiting the parents from Seattle and the old man suggests I check this place out. It's like Disney World for outdoorsy people. When I leave to return to Seattle, I'll be crying at the thought of not having the USNWC a quick car ride away from me. I think I'm tearing up a bit now.I bought the season pass and I've definitely made good use of it. Staff is super friendly, rafting is great, kayaking is great, everything is great.... Except that soon I have to leave it behind ;___;
5	There is a TON to do here. We actually came here to kill some time on a Sunday afternoon and had a great time just drinking a beer and watching the rafters. I'll have to come back when I have time to actually take advantage of all there is to do at the Whitewater Center. You pay one price to have free range throughout the center, or you can pick and choose which activities you want to do. There's whitewater rafting, kayaking, mountain biking, stand-up paddle boarding, zip lining, as well as a few other things. There's an on site restaurant, and an outdoor bar area that serves different styles of New Belgium beer. Dogs are welcome too! :)
5	Must visit if you are in Charlotte.   Great hiking / mountain bike trails.  White water rafting is costly, requires to sign a waiver understanding that the USWC is not responsible to possible injuries.  Besides that it is very fun.  My dog Layla loves the place as they are very dog friendly.  Love that you can unwind with a beer right at the restaurant.
4	Rarely do I write reviews for anything that isn't a restaurant. I feel weird reviewing barber shops, grocery stores and Dollar Trees. There's a lack of sexiness when assigning a star rating to your local hardware store or shoe cobbler. Do shoe cobblers exist anymore? I could probably Google it, but I digress.The U.S. National Whitewater Center is a very cool and sexy place (unlike a shoe cobbler). No offense to any shoe cobblers out there, but where else can you go zip-lining, stand up paddleboarding and white water rafting in one afternoon for one price?My fiance and I hit this place up on a random Monday in April and we had a blast. The park was not crowded but since we were out of town, we decided to buy raft time. We spent $10 to secure our spot, plus about $50 each to get in. Add in five dollars of parking and it was an expensive day, but everything was paid for up front.We spent an hour on an official training course and although it wasnt as intense as we had hoped, it was a good first experience. This center offers rafting for all ages, even intense rodeo rafting.After rafting we went zip-lining which was cool, but a long wait. We also did about a one mile stand up paddleboarding excursion on the nearby Catalpa river. In one afternoon we had crossed off three things on our bucket list.If you are in the area, there are worse ways you can spend the day. The center also offers rock climbing, obstacle courses, flat and white water kayaking, running trails, biking trails and more. The entire facility is dog friendly and has stores, shops, and a few bars. It is always good when you can day drink.Best Bet: Go rafting and reserve raft time in advance. Then go paddleboarding before grabbing a beer. Anything else you can fit in to your schedule is just a bonus.
5	Awesome place! I drove from Raleigh to Charlotte with my friends as we all wanted to try ourselves at whitewater rafting (yup, this was my first experience at it :)) and this place was worth every penny we spent. The staff here is extremely helpful and friendly. Most of my friends, me included, were doing these things for the first time and the staff really saw us through it.We really enjoyed the four rounds we had around the river. We received tons of safety tips all the required equipment from the staff and clear instructions when we were in the water. They have really done everything they can to keep us safe without making it boring. Only suggestion I have is carry cloths and footwear that will dry quickly or you can also rent it onsite. We also tried the land activities like zip lining, adventure course and mega jump which got our adrenaline pumping.I would definitely suggest this place for groups who love outdoor stuff. I am sure that I will visit again and give the rest of the activities a try :)
5	This is an awesome place for the whole family. Even the family dog! They have so much to offer from white water rafting to just hanging out drinking a beer!I wish I could do everything in one day but it's almost impossible.
4	A spendy day, but worth every dollar. We did the family white water course, the rope courses, zip lines, rock wall climbing, kayaking, and more. The rope courses were challenging,  and tough on my fear of heights. Not for the faint if heart. We went on a Monday,  and I wish they had more staff because we did a bit of waiting in lines. The rafting guide made the whole adventure. Bring sunglass holders and a waterproof wallet, and don't forget your ID. They have lockers, but it is easy enough to run to the car. There is a decent cafe for lunch, lots of drinking fountains,  and places to buy drinks, but not near the rope courses. Make sure you grab a drink and use the wc before heading over there, or you'll have to get in and out of your gear twice. Leave little ones under 40 pounds at home. And it isn't just for kids. Besides the activities we tried, they offer mountain biking, SUPs, and lots more. If we lived here, a season pass would be a no-brainer.
5	You get a lot of bang for your buck at this place right here. Only $54 for access to all of the activities and that's a steal!Whitewater rafting was a blast. Our guide Vinny was awesome! He not only made sure we were safe, but he was also was a ton of fun. Definitely plan to spend from open until close here if you want to check everything out. Half a day is not enough. Also, rent the $10 locker. It's worth the extra money to be able to access your things an unlimited amount instead of paying $2 every time.
5	U.S. Olympic Training Center is a terrific venue for watching the 4th of July fireworks.  Especially when you purchase "Big Drop Party" tickets.  This ticket gives you free food, and not just rock-gut crap - I had broiled shrimp mixed with cajun rice, and steamed green beans.  They also offered a nice leafy green salad.  I enjoyed two glasses of white while sitting under a large white tent, table and chairs provided.  We did not have to carry camping chairs for a country mile either.  A variety of bands played on a open-air stage and the evening was fabulous.  I highly recommend the U.S. Olympic Training Center for white water rafting, zip lining, rock wall climbing, walking trails, mountain biking, and the Outfitters Store.AND this facility is pet friendly!!!!
4	This place is excellent for spending one fun fulfilled day. I visited this on Independence Day so they have fire works on this day.the best activities we enjoyed a lot were river rafting,mega zip,jumps,cycling and adventures trails.finally our day ended with fire works.the fire works were awesome and they have live music too. Overall it is the one of the best day for us.if u ppl visit it will be wonderful for u too.it is a very good place to spend complete day with adventures events.
5	This place. I cannot stop talking about it. I want to go to there. All. The. Time!It's such an incredible time! Of course if I lived around town, I don't know if I could afford it! At $39 for a "cool pass" entrance it is not cheap. But was it worth it? TOTALLY! The Cool Pass gets you access to everything except for the White Water Rafting. So what can you do? Well, really, what CAN'T you do! We went zip lining over the white waters, kayaking in the river and went through the rope course. The zip lining is awesome because it's fairly long and high up, but not scary high (for me at least). The kayaking is super relaxing. It's really just a push off the dock and you're free to kayak wherever. They also offer paddle boarding, which I haven't done, but seems a little more strenuous. I wanted to chillax a bit, so the kayaking was perfect! So... the rope course. I imagined the rope course to be walking across rope bridges. My imagination was TOTALLY wrong! It's HARD! I kept screamiing "I'M TOO OLD FOR THIS!" You're strapped into a harnas, so I felt safe, per say, but it's still totally terrifying. I barely got across the first one and thought, I cannot do anymore, but you're pretty much stuck doing the rest after that. The point of no return! So I whined, and sweat and complained my way through the course. Would I do it again? Not sure, but if you're up for the challenge, it's worth it. Just remember, it is NOT leisurely like kayaking! So did I sometimes look over longingly at the White Water Rafting? Yes, but I really assume I'll be back when I visit Charlotte and I'll be shelling out the extra dough for a pass to try it out!
5	Thank you USNWC for another amazing experience! This is the third summer in a row I've been here with friends and family. This trip, we had a group of 43 adults and teenagers and most of them had not been before! We had an early white water time at like 11 and it was amazing again! Went down both the beginners course and the competition course twice and got to surf a lot! The US Olympic training did not commence this time but we saw a few last time. After the rafting, a group of my friends and I went paddle boarding for a good two hours or so. Swimming off the island is fun! There is a major drop off from about 1 foot to 10 foot of water about 2 feet off the island. After we returned, we did all of the ropes courses. My friend had been scared since she was a child of ziplining and now that she is about 43, we helped her get over her fear and she did the mega zip! It was incredible!  All around an amazing trip and also great food at the little cafe!
5	Whitewater rafting here is incredible. It's an official Olympic rafting center, so everything is state-of-the-art. You'll go through a safety seminar just to make sure you know what to do in case you fall into the water, but it's so much fun. In the summer, it's a great place to have lunch and watch everyone stroke their way into a frenzy. If you have a group of friends or family who don't mind getting wet, this is the PERFECT place to spend a weekend afternoon.
1	Had a great day here.  Lots to do: hiking, kayaking,  zip line,  etc. Trails could be marked better as could directions to the different "gear-up"  spots.  Low review is for their customer service.  Apparently it is their policy not to issue refunds of any kind.  I bought an event ticket I wasn't able to use (for zip lining).  They told me it wasn't their policy to issue any refunds.  I can understand not issuing bracelet refunds if you're unsatisfied with an event.  But I hadn't even done my event and had the ticket to show.  We had to leave.  They told me to come back any time,  my ticket is good for a year.  I explained I live in California and they had no other suggestions.  Point is,  a blanket no refund policy doesn't work and is poor customer service.  There are certainly times when a refund is appropriate. If I hadn't paid cash,  I'd would've refused the credit charge. Bummer.  I would recommend waiting to buy an event ticket when you're absolutely sure you'll be doing it.
5	This place is great!!!  Although I haven't done many of the activities yet, the concerts and other events here are always a great time.  $5 to park the car, then free entry, just get there early because it gets packed.So much to do!  Of course, the natural thing people think of is rafting.  But there are ziplines, paddle boarding, ropes course, bike trails, hiking, etc.....  There's even a restaurant.Charlotte should be extremely proud to have so much outdoor fun so close to home.  I will update once I've experienced all this place has to offer.
5	The US White Water Center is a blast.  I have probably been around 5-6 times.  My brother and I did the Rodeo Rafting and it is well worth the $15 extra dollars.  Only Rodeo raft of you have some experience. We swam at least 6 times. But if you can't swim or have never rafted before please don't consider rodeo rafting.   Get there earlier so you can get a good parking spot.  Also getting there early allows you to get the most out of your day-pass.  A day pass cost between $50-$60 and you can raft as much as you want (usually), zip line, kayak, SUP, and bike. Spend your entire day there and it will be worth your time.  Also if you just was to go watch people raft (which is a blast) you can watch for free ($5 for parking though)
5	Absolutely love the place!  First time I came here we rode the mountain bikes, whitewater rafted, and finished the day off with a cold beer.  This past weekend we did the Hawk Jump, Rock Wall and Mega Zip Line which were all loads of fun.  They have a few pass options for the different activities and they are reasonably priced.  This place is unique, has many things to do for adventurous folks and the staff is friendly.  Definitely worth it.
5	The US National White Water Center is hands down on one of the best destination in the Charlotte area!. A most visit place if your in the area of traveling for business. I probably come here at least 4-5 times a month to take advantage of their extensive mountain bike trail network. The rafting is enjoyable as well, but i've only down this once. A yearly parking pass is a must, which cost $40 for an entire year, and well worth the price (the daily parking fee is $5 per car). The onsite bar/restaurant is OK, nothing special but they always have a decent beer selection with rotating taps. plenty of local Charlotte Brewery to choose from (Noda, Triple C, Old Mech, etc....)  Bring the family and go spend your entire day there - you'll be glad you did!
5	The US National White Water Center is probably one of the coolest places I've ever been. We paid $60 (including parking) to spend 10 hours ziplining, white water rafting, hawk jumping, rock climbing and going through obstacle courses. We could have also gone paddle boarding and mountain biking but we ran out of time (what a problem to have!). Some tips:- Get there early or when they open (9am) because the lines got pretty bad around lunchtime - Make a reservation for white water rafting so you can completely pick the time you want to go- Do the dry stuff first so you don't have to change multiple timesIf you are visiting the Charlotte area this is MUST but make sure you give yourself an entire day. Also- stay away from visiting during Labor Day weekend because the lines were crazy and we were told its their busiest time all season. If you live in Charlotte I recommend getting the season pass since there are so many things to do!
4	Chicken Caesar was great and Lesley enjoyed the salmon BLT. Service by Jake was great. About to head outside for live music. I would recommend.
5	Looooved this place! We came on a Sunday, and it happened to be overcast, so it wasn't very busy. Apparently the day before was completely packed. So, we actually were able to go rafting twice, rock climbing, kayaking, paddleboarding, & ziplining. The only line we stood in was for the ziplining because it was towards the end of the day. We would've done even more but ran out of time. I definitely recommend this if you're in the Charlotte area.
5	Fun fun fun. White water rafting is my absolute favorite. Calm it down afterwards out in the flat waters. Fun to bring family and friends to stay active. I can't get enough of this place.
5	LOVE this place! Nice variety of outdoor activities to choose from whether you want an adrenaline rush or a calm, relaxing day. Highly recommend for anyone that enjoys the outdoors.
5	I am here riding the trails at least 3x's a week if they are open and these are, HANDS DOWN, the best set of trail we have in the Charlotte area! One place, 20+ miles of single track, and get a beer and dinner after???? WHAT???? It is AWESOME! If you are in the Charlotte area you MUST check this out!
