1	AVOID!!!!!I went to this office for an examination and as soon as the doctor's assistant found out I had insurance she started ordering a slew of different tests and X rays and even and MRI.  I told her I didn't need any of the tests and she said "but you have insurance it won't cost you a thing!"  I just got a bill in the mail for over 400 dollars!!!!  The office manager will not return my phone calls and I was completely taken advantage of and lied to.  By the way after literally 3 minutes with the doctor who did not even look at the X rays, he said I had a muscle strain and should ice it.  Thank God I didn't get the MRI the assistant was trying to sell me! AVOID!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	This place is the worst!! You need to avoid at all cost.  I waited for 2 hours to see a doctor, but instead saw a cocky PA.  Once they found out I had insurance they started recommending all sorts of tests that I didn't need to include and X-Ray for a strained muscle!  They told me that it wouldn't cost a thing because I had insurance and then a few weeks later I got a letter in the mail stating I owed 150 dollars for my fee X-Ray.  When I called the office to get clarity they told me, it wasn't their problem.  Really!! That is what they said!! I told them I wouldn't pay and they said fine they would just use creditors.  I then called back trying to get in touch with the office manager and left many messages but never got a response.  A few months later I received numerous harassing phone calls from creditors.  I played the bill and my insurance company is currently filing a grievance against them.By the way after I went to this unprofessional organization, I went to OrthoCarolina for care and didn't receive any surprise bills and they got me feeling better!If you don't like being lied to while receiving poor medical care, avoid this place!!!
1	Not sure of how good the doctors are. But had a frustrating experience today. I met with a PA two weeks ago, who gave me some medications and asked me to meet the doctor a month later. Two days ago, I had to contact my PA because my knee pain went intense. The hospital staff didn't allow me to connect to her, but instead they insisted on having an appointment with her. My appointment was scheduled today and when I went there, the receptionist said I can't meet the PA because I already have an existing appointment with the doctor 15 days later. I asked her, what if I break my knee until then? If it wasn't an emergency, I wouldn't have bothered calling you guys for an earlier appointment. I literally wasted my paid time off today! I tried to call the PA again, and now they said they can't allow me to directly talk with her! RIDICULOUS! Worst kind of treatment one could ever get!
4	Dr.Homesley did a knee replacement about 8 years ago on me and today, he saw my wife who was also having knee problems.Very efficient and professional. We had to wait about 10 minutes after we got there but for anyone who has spent time in a Dr's Office, this is nothing.It would have been very easy to order more tests than necessary and drive up the bill, but that was not the case.  Ordered just enough tests to verify that a minimalist approach at this time with appropriate exercizes, use of a knee support until inflammation subsides etc was the preferred approach at this time.All in all, I've been very impressed with Dr. Homesley and have referred several friends to him who have all been very satisfied.
5	I brought my daughter in for a knee injury. She was previously seen at Orthocarolina where we spent about 10 minutes with an MD who recommended starting physical therapy at once. She had a dislocated patella and torn MCL along with other damage. I wasn't comfortable with this recommendation and came here for a 2nd opinion. Dr Barron recommended a knee brace for a month to allow for proper healing THEN go to physical therapy. That made much more sense to me. Each visit, we spent a good bit of time with both PA and MD and her care was excellent. I will come back here myself if needed!
