4	I really wanted this to be my go-to place, given it's location near my house and their great prices, but unfortunately it wasn't the right fit for me.  I was able to get an appointment quickly (within a few days.)  Everyone in the studio was extremely friendly and the process was painless.  The lashes lasted forever but they just weren't for me.  I asked for a more natural "mascara" look but the lashes were still too over the top.  They were more than twice the length of my natural lashes and did not look natural at all.  They were made of a stiff plastic material that was uncomfortable and looked more like false eyelashes than eyelash extensions.
1	Let me start off by saying this company gave me a very bad first impression and I will not go back!I was referred to this place by a close friend of mine! I have always been eager to try eyelash extensions so I finally made an appointment. Due to a small emergency and no parking in the lot where the store was located I walked into my appointment maybe 3 minutes late! While on the way I tried to call twice to let them know I was running 3 minutes behind but was sent straight to a voicemail both times. I arrived and Was greeted by the receptionist. She told me "the stylist was still with her previous appointment and it will just be a few moments, have a seat!" I was ok with that, then the receptionist asked what kind of lashes had I wanted to get today and she showed me a variety of pictures to choose from and I got really excited. After about 10 minutes of waiting the receptionist says "well we'll need to reschedule when are you able to come in next?" I was like what do you mean, I don't live close by, I don't want to reschedule, why would I do that? She says "you showed up late and that's our policy." I'm thinking if that's the policy then why didn't you tell me that as soon as I walked in the door? Why did you tell me to have a seat and make me wait all this time? After about an additional 10 minutes of arguing because I really wanted to be seen that day and get my new lashes, I'm thinking we could have been half way done with my eye lashes already. They refused to take me and said if they were to help me that their next appointment would have to wait. Then I thought, you made me wait when I first walked in but they can't wait for me?! I asked to speak with the manager and she wasn't available, I left my name and number and still have not received a call! Very bad impression, there is not good communication skills or customer service skills at this location! I wouldn't recommend this place due to their rudeness and failure to want to keep my business and accommodate me as a NEW customer.
2	I would give this place 2.5 stars. I kept coming across specials for a $29 full set of individual lashes on multiple social media sites so I thought I would give it a shot. They lost there first star due to the waiting time, my appointment was made for 330pm and was told to arrive early at 315pm. I made sure I arrived at this time due to there strict rules of being on time. However when I arrived there was a sign on the door saying they would return at 330 ( they actually got there at 335pm) leaving me to wait outside in 100plus degrees. I also work in customer service so I know these things happen but when you preach to be on time to others you should be as well.  The second star was lost due to the quality of lashes, the actual look was awesome but the only lasted a week and most of the time fall out in clumps of 2 or 3 so I feel they could have been applied better and lasted longer. The last half of a star was deducted was for the price paid, the inital deal of $29 is ok but wish they lasted at least 2 weeks, but I would never pay membership price to have them refilled every week.
1	I was told this place shut its doors and has no furniture inside.  Come see me for lash fills!
1	I too went here because of the price and that they can do the lashes quickly. Within a week my lashes were falling out in clumps taking my real ones with them. I ended up with practically none of my real lashes left. The ones that are still there have clumps of glue and other lashes stuck to them 3 weeks after I had them all removed. I have had fake lashes for a long time and this was by far the worst job ever done. I'm worried that my real lashes are ruined permanently. :(
