5	After calling 10 different Upholstery Shops I finally found Sonny's. Not only could they get me in quickly, but they quoted me the best price. If you're looking for great upholstery work at a great price then I suggest you don't look any further.
5	Down to earth, excellent service, just a good guy who prides himself in doing a good job at a fair price for his customers.... That's how I felt when I left Sonny's. I called to get a quote on my seats that had been falling apart since I purchased my new car & the owner said, swing by... So I did & he looked at them, pulled & prodded & clicked things back into shape & the job was done. Quick & painless, no waiting, no big bills. I saw a custom older car that he had just done while I was there & was extremely impressed by his quality of work also. Thank you Sony's, people like you are why I believe in the local, small shops!
5	Its extremely hard to find an good upholstery shop in phoenix, take it from me. Sonnys is the only one I will now use. They do amazing work, won't overcharge you and are very friendly. I highly recommend using them for any of your upholstery needs
5	The center console armrest on my wife's 2009 Honda Pilot needed to be replaced and the dealership wanted $100 for a new piece so I decided to look around to have it re-upholstered instead. I found Sonny's on Google and decided to give them a shot. I brought the piece down to their shop and met with a very nice lady who welcomed me warmly. They matched the color perfectly and did such an amazing job it looks just like an OEM part. Very professional quality all around. And to top it off, it they only charged me 1/3 the price of what the dealership wanted!! If you are reading this review, please take it from me, use this company and you'll be glad you did! ~God Bless All~
4	Friendly professional work . Best place to go.
5	All 4 of my door panels started to peel back within a week.  The Ford dealer said they had never seen this happen. .....please..... I looked at up online and sure enough many Ford escapes have this problem. Fords suggestion included replacing the whole door panel at 800.00 to replace and install.  Sonnys solution included replacing the panels with fabric for under 300.00Great job and very accommodating about pick up time.
5	Absolutely amazing! I needed my vw bug convertible top installed and as a young lady there was no way I could do it alone so Sonny helped a girl out and even worked with the manufacture to make sure it fit properly! Can give enough stars for all their hard work and the top looks amazing!
5	Sonny foamed and covered a custom motorcycle pan.  They were a little backed up due to a sick employee so it got done a little later than originally discussed.  However, the few day longer wait was well worth it.  We originally met and discussed design and they have a large catalog of materials to pick from.  Sonny had me come in to review their work as they made progress to ensure it was what I had in mind.  The final product was top quality, very comfortable, and exactly what I was imagining. They glued and riveted to ensure it would be long lasting. The price was reasonable, just over $200.  Other shops quoted around $300.  I would recommend them to anyone.
5	I had a worn/torn leather seat on my car repaired by Sonny's and could not be happier.  The leather matches perfectly and the workmanship is fantastic.  Thank you Sonny!
