5	If you aren't getting your hair done here, you probably have ugly hair! Just kidding! Sort of! I'm serious, this salon is so awesome that I drive in from Orange County just to get my hair cut by Johnny. He is a magic worker. I have really thin hair that is VERY dry and I always leave Salon Static looking amazing. I haven't tried the other stylists but they all seem really cool and look like they are doing some awesome work on their customers. I can't recommend this place enough. It is great!!!!!!!
5	I had a coworker that always had beautiful hair so I had to ask her who her stylist was.  It was jonny!  That was 4 years ago and I have been going to him ever since.  I have also referred many friends to him and he never disappoints.  He is amazing and I love my hair!
5	Salon static is the prettiest salon in Vegas!! Iv had steven and Cindy cut,color and style my hair, they are the best stylists, not only did they listen to my desires for my hair, they made me love my hair!!!
1	a while back i went to get highlights one of the hair stylist  forgot her name ..  she had pink hair .fried my heir  to the point of having bold spots and ending up with green hair , i called management to get my  money back they didnt do  nothing for me no compensation what so ever , i promised  my self i will let everyone know how incompetent this place is
5	Getting my hair done by Selena. She is one of the best tete is and also does great make up work for your every needs. She is the only person i let touch my hair now.
5	I followed Tyson my hairstylist to Salon Static even though it's not that close to home for me but it was worth the trip! The salon is beautifully decorated with black and gold details. I love the decorative trees they have in the middle of the salon. They are more busy during the week so I went over the weekend. I had some gold highlights put in my hair, had it trimmed and deep conditioned. My hair felt and looked awesome afterward. Tyson takes time to make sure your hair is perfect  before you leave the salon. When he works on my hair I don't feel like he's rushing me out the door. I've always been happy with what he has done with my hair!
5	I got a great haircut here, and had a lovely salon experience as well. I was in Vegas for work and decided I needed a haircut immediately. You know the feeling when your hair is fine one day and then suddenly becomes too annoying to deal with, so you just run out and chop it off? No? Is that just me? Anyway, I purchased my first Groupon Now, called the salon, and got the last appointment of the day. When I arrived, the salon was pretty quiet, and my stylist, Tessa, was just finishing up with her earlier client. The salon has a really cool feel to it and is super cute and trendy inside. When it was my turn, Tessa really took the time to talk about what I wanted and to make sure she understood my requests. She did a great job doing exactly what I asked for, and suggesting, in a totally non-pushy way, some alterations to make my hair look cute. Tessa was also a total sweetheart, and she was easy to chat with, which is the part of hair appointments I usually dread because it feels so forced and superficial. Not here! In the end, my hair looks better even than I was expecting, and I've been getting a ton of compliments on it!  I've even had good luck styling it myself, which I usually take as a sign that I received an excellent cut. I only wish I lived closer or made more frequent trips to Vegas so I could return to this salon!
4	I went here for the 1st time today... not for the hair services but for the hair removal services of my favorite threader, Pat. Salon Static is beautiful & inviting & the people I saw/encountered were very friendly. I'm thrilled that Pat is working here now & know that all her regular clients will be just as pleased.
5	We don't have the best hair stylist in Hawaii, so I usually only cut my hair once a year while on vacation. I'm so glad I stopped by Salon Static. My friend Tyson works there, and I was finally able to get a haircut from him. Of course I may sound a little bias because I've known him since grade school, but he does a fabulous job on layering and styling. He'll even give you advice about what you should and shouldn't do with your hair based on your face shape and hair management style (i.e. I only go to the salon once a year, so highlights would have been pointless since I would never maintain them).I have to admit that I am picky. I would never hire a make-up artist with bad make-up. If this is also important to you, you're in luck because Tyson has gorgeous long hair.  I personally wish I could steal him from Vegas and move him back to Hawaii!
5	So i bit the bullet and finally got a Brazilian, I've had a bikini before but this was my first time going bare. The girls that wax here (Brazilians N Brows) do a fantastic job! They are super quick and make waxing a breeze. I couldnt believe how easy it was, i was expecting much worse... It really wasnt bad at all. They specialize in Brazilians and Eyebrow shaping. I was finally able to "fix" my caterpillar eyebrows AND clean up my naughty parts. Best part is they do all the waxes very fast without making you feel rushed. My eyebrow and brazilian only took about 25 min for the combo. They have a private line to make appointments with them ( 702-751-4929), it's cool because you can text them too. Feeling totally sexy and ready for the new year.
5	Great place off the strip with very talented stylists. Definitely recommend it and ask for Steven!
5	Great salon. Very nice and relaxing. Ask for Angela. She does a great job!  Nice precision cut.
5	Amazing service. Real nice place. Angela by far the best stylist I have found in Las Vegas. She has never let me down. From the haircut to the always incredible scalp massage I would not go to anybody else.
4	Tatiana is the best! She takes her time and does a great job on a Brazilian Blowout! Great hair care that lasts for months!
5	I have been to too many eyebrow threaders across the Las Vegas valley and each one of them has messed up my brows in one way or another. I then resorted to only getting my eyebrows threaded every time I would drive out to California. Recently, a friend recommended Pat here at Salon Static and she is A-MAZING!!! And she only charges $10 for brows!!! It is so rare to find a decent threader for this cheap! If you don't want to look like an angry chola, then definitely go to PAT!
5	This review is based solely on the threading services by Patricia. You can't go wrong with her. I've been to other threading places that are painful and pretty judgey about my eyebrows telling me I overpluck and to just let my eyebrows grow naturally.  Dude, I have a scar on my eyebrow, it doesn't grow back!Anyhoo, Patricia is really gentle and is probably the nicest lady in Las Vegas. The prices are already awesome and she even gives you a facial massage afterwards! You can't beat that!
5	Great atmosphere, great stylists, I had Beth today, and super friendly and beautiful owner! Will be definitely coming back!
5	So I've never done eyebrow threading because everytime I watch people do it, its like their digging into the skin and the persons face is so red! I've only done waxingWell today my two friends had an appointment and I tagged along.  Right off the bat I met PAT and she's so welcoming along with her beautiful self.They ALL talked me into doing it. Well not even talked...I had no choice but to sit in the chair. I was nervous as heck!!!! Pats hands are so delicate and she made it so easy. Even better you get a head massage after. Best part....the price is awesome!!! Can't get any better than this. Totally recommend her!!!
5	I've been getting my eyebrows threaded by the lovely talented Pat for many many years and I gotta say...I am so thankful she moved from Eyebrows R us to Salon Static. It's a friendly atmosphere. Pat schedules her own appointments now...which is great. If you've ever waited for Pat at Eyebrows R us...and don't get me wrong...the wait is worth it...you can appreciate the appointment scheduling. She takes her time with you. She still gives you the same beautiful eyebrows. The amazing eye massage. From all the small talk that we've had over the past years...she is a huge part of my life. I don't think I could function with out Pat. Girls...you know on those days when you're running behind and barely have time to put your make up on? a nice set of threaded eyebrows by Pat will make those days easier. and then the days where you get dolled up...make up looks on point! If you've never tried threading before...I highly recommend Pat. Any time someone compliments me on my brows...I refer to her. I live on the other side of town and still see her. Love love! xo
