5	I have been to many different types of dentist & even went out of the country to find a great dentist place and I have FINALLY found a dentist for me!First of all, the secretary and dental hygienist are incredibly sweet and very helpful with everything.  They answer every question and problem  that I have.  They always kept me informed and kept me comfortable when I felt anxious about any procedure that I had.  Every appointment that I had is always on time; on previous dentist I have gone before I would wait for over an hour to get my teeth cleaned, but with Nevada trails dental I know I wouldnt have to wait that LONG. :) You are usually in & out fairly quickly.  They also have a television for you to watch while they are working on your teeth. Lastly, Dr. Brian is so wonderful and A-A-Amazing! He would always ask me about my school and he is very gentle working on you.  Couldn't ask for a better dentist!
5	I've been going to Nevada Trails for a few years now and I have nothing but good things to say. Dr. Brian and his staff are courteous and very professional. You won't be disappointed!
5	I've lived in Las Vegas for 13 years, but took a 9 year break from the dentist when I moved here in '99. I chose Nevada Trails for their proximity to my home and work. I let them know how long it had been since my last cleaning/check up and not only were they kind, gentle and understanding, they were complimentary of my oral health!! I have referred all my girlfriends and co-workers to them and everyone is thrilled with their service and care. It's 4 years later and I actually look forward to my bi-annual appointments!! You'll never wait more than a few minutes to get in and the office is clean and pleasant to be in. T.V. or music are provided for your relaxation too. The staff know you by name and welcome you back sincerely!! Highly recommend the skills of Dr. Brian and his hygienists!!!!!
5	The best dentist experience I've ever encountered! Today was my first time coming to Nevada Trails Dental and I could not be more happy with my choice. I actually live right across the street from it, but there are plenty of other dentist offices in my neighborhood that I could have chose from. I was able to get an appointment in within two weeks of me calling which I just needed a regular checkup despite the fact I have not seen a dentist in over three years... I received a reminder text message (which I loved) yesterday to remind me of my appointment. I arrived a little early to fill out all my paperwork since it was my first visit and right after I was done,the dental hygienist was ready for me. I am always used to waiting at least 10 minutes in the waiting room, but they said they even strive to not keep their patients waiting. How great is that?!? The dental hygienist and the dentist, Dr. Brian had nothing but great things to say about my teeth. They complimented me on my great oral hygiene and I even got sent home with a goody bag! I highly recommend this family owned dentist office that I will now be visiting every six months!
5	Will never skip an appointment to the dentist I have found my my guy....
5	I ended up picking this dentist due to the yelp reviews.  They are as everyone says: extremely friendly, smiles everywhere, and extremely efficient.  When I first called to scheduled the appointment, the office was closed and come to find out the Dr. Brian closed the office for a couple of days so everyone could be with their family (this is a one dentist establishment ! which I love!).  Their office is simple but done very comfortably and neat.  The receptionist, Jeanette, is very friendly and takes the time to explain the specific forms, the reasons for the forms, and where to sign.  While filling the forms out there were two other patients waiting. I was very surprise how quickly they received them and had them in the back since they just open literally 2 minutes after 8am.  My own wait was short, a mere couple of minutes, before Susan called for me.  Susan explained at the very beginning what she will be doing with me and during each process (x-rays, measurements, cleaning, etc) she talks me through each step and what she's looking for (good or bad).  My dentists in the past would do the cleaning after the exam but at Nevada Trails Dental, they did everything prior to the doctor coming in which I really like and you would think that would be more common since you'd be "fresh and clean" for the dentist.  Susan is great even with me pestering her about whitening information.  She provided me with her experience, cost, what insurance covers and why certain things aren't, and told me the pros and cons of their two options.  Dr. Brian was friendly, along with his staff.  I was a little surprise he examined the x-ray results in his office rather with me considering how his staff talked me through everything.  The time with the dentist is pretty short (I was with him for maybe 10 minutes) and I was in their office a total of 90 minutes.  But during that short time, he checked my mandible for issues, did an oral cancer check, and of course check my teeth (again, the only dentist I've ever had to do all those check!).  There is one little confusion which is their hours of operation is not updated on their front door.  They are open at 8am but the door still say 9am.  Which through me since it was my first time and was worried I got my appointment time wrong.  Overall, I'm extremely happy with my experience and glad I went to this office! ^_^
5	I literally just left the office. I created a YELP account because I was so impressed with Nevada Trails Dental. I had one filling and a cleaning done, with no pain whatsoever... excellent, excellent excellent! The office staff, hygienist, dental assistants and dentist are extremely  knowledgeable, communicate well & are very friendly (NOT a bunch of grumps moping around). Alicia is very easy to work with as far as payment plans etc... Highly recommend.
5	I read the reviews on yelp and decided to give this dentist a try. I had previously gone to another dentist in Summerlin, but they were way too expensive for me. I am a cash pay client as I have no insurance.  The dentist in Summerlin had no real discount for cash pay.  So I did not go back.      I then scoured yelp for a good dentist that was willing to work with me as  far as the cost issue. I took my son in to get an exam and minor dental work done.  They worked with me on the payment that ended up being half of what the other dentist wanted me to pay.      As for Dr. Brian, he is very professional. My son who is 8, said that when  he gave him the shots to numb him it did not hurt at all. ( he got shots on 2 different appts) My son said there was no soreness in his mouth after either times.     In review1. Great with kids2. If you only have cash, they will work with you. Very reasonable. My whole family is going to Nevada Trails now.
5	My family and I highly recommend Dr. Brian's office. We have been going to Nevada Trails for 8 years and couldn't be happier! Alicia and Dr. Brian have a wonderful caring and compassionate staff. Throughout the years and visits we have become friends.   My dad has unfortunately had problems because of a previous dentist in Ohio. Dr. Brian and Alicia sat down with my dad and explained options and detailed the process for him to make him feel comfortable in all aspects.    When you make your next appointment here you will feel genuinely cared for! In addition, Nevada Trails is extremely clean and organized in every aspect possible!
5	Amazing dentist, staff, and office!  I first found Dr Brian's office when I had a botched filling (from another dentist), was experiencing bad pain and fearing Id need a root canal. He took a lot of time and was able to save me from needing the root canal. Fast forward about 10 years...and I'm still a very happy client. In fact I live far from the office now, but travel the distance twice a year for cleanings and checkups.  My husband now goes there and Id confidently recommend this office to my best of friends.
