5	Tons of flavors, helpful and knowledgeable staff, and an overall great experience!
5	Best hookah spot in vegas hands down.. Great hookah food and bar what else could u ask for . Have to try it so worth it :).
5	Staff (Nate and Pat when I was there) is excellent and friendly. Very chill environment. Outdoors but its covered and they have heaters and fireplaces so it not cold. They have a ton of flavors and a lot of custom mixes if you just want to try something new. They have a big screen and play good movies (SWAT, I liked it but you opinion may vary)
5	I'm from the middle east and been searching for the best Hookah in Vegas and I finally found it! Don't bother going anywhere else!!
5	Great quality hookah. You won't be disappointed and very laid back. Great service. They also partnered with Satay next door and can provide whatever food they serve. It's an outdoor and locally owned venue. Good management and cozy. Give it a try.
5	This place is great and was super close to our hotel. Its super chill inside, so you can just relax and smoke hookah, unlike those clubby new hookah spots that are popping up, where the hookah is shitty and you go deaf from the music. Las Vegas hookah uses starbuzz tobacco and has so many flavors to pick from, also the hookahs are made perfect! We are so happy we found this place and will defiantly be back next year when we come out here!
5	This place was awsome. Great customer service. Very chill lounge environment with music playing. Great quality of all products. Visiting Las Vegas, we came back 3 time in the week we were there. They gave us great advise to make our choices of flavors. We ended up almost trying everything on the menu, because they kept getting better and better! On our last visit we tried the best product line, I personally can say, is the best I have ever tasted! Any flavor in the Nirvana line is AMAZINING!!! Best buzz ever! Thanks a lot LAS VEGAS HOOKAH!!! We had a blast and I will visit every time I'm in Las Vegas!
5	Great place to hang out with friends. Awesome staff. We always have a great time when we come. I would definately recommend this place over any other!
5	The staff is awesome! They helped me find everything I needed, and let me try a new flavor they just got in. I was pleasantly surprised by the number of different flavors offered here. Most places only have a few to choose from and this place has EVERYTHING! Oh and the best part was the selection of hookahs they have for sale... Ladies they have lots of pink! I'll def be back when I need some more shisha.
5	Owner is awesome and chill. We came in, smoked, chilled, and we were treated extremely well. Recommend to anyone:)
1	Do not go. Not open. Closed down took us ages to get to location. Even the food side of it seemed damp and dark. Unattractive and all over waste of time.
5	My girlfriend and I went here after dinner while we were in Vegas. It was a little difficult to find, but it was absolutely worth it. The inside is nice and relaxing with some fire pits and pretty comfortable couches. The hookahs are made perfectly, and the staff is great. We had the pleasure of being served by the manager, and even meeting the owner. They are both great guys, very nice and fun to talk to. My gf smokes a lot of hookah so she's really picky, but she loved this place. The owner and manager even helped me to get an awesome flavor she's never tried before (something that's nearly impossible to do). We loved it so much we went back the next night after dinner and a show. If I go back to Vegas, I'm definitely going back here.
