4	This place recently moved up the street from the awful location prior.  The owner (mantini) is really trying hard to make this one work.  However, even though he's hired sales help he still suffers from a lack of marketing.  It's not enough just to have good food in the upscale casual market.  As far as I know they don't even have a website.  This new spot is much nicer than the old with exposed brick, fireplace, plenty of roomy seating, marble bar and redesigned menu.  They also have a unique bar in the back directly exposed to the kitchen area.  I was here recently on Friday for dinner and sat at the bar.  The bartenders are pretty good with my favorite being Harry whose been with mantini for four years and is a former cook.  This place probably is more of a winter restaurant, but  deserves your business in the summer if for nothing less the cocktails served with fresh squeezed orange, grapefruit, etc.  The food is pretty good but a little uneven.  The pulled pork quesadillas are good and I had the salmon special on Friday cooked perfectly with a maple glaze and served nicely with sauteed spinach and green beans.  In the past I've tried the filet which is a decent cut of meat, but not prime I suspect.  It was cooked perfectly medium rare and I really like their choices of sides.  I have tried the ribs before, but surprisingly wasn't that impressed.  They were doing good biz. on a Friday in the summer.  I'm guessing this new spot may be here for a while.
4	Mantini's is an upscale casual grill that feels slightly removed from the South Side action despite its East Carson address. The cozy atmosphere is inviting, with the open kitchen, brick walls, and the gorgeous marble bar.  Dinner is a bit too expensive for my budget, but I often get lunch here (take out is also available). The barbecued pork quesadillas and mozzarella, basil, roasted red pepper panini are positively delectable, and my friends rave about the fried cod sandwich, which is gigantic. They also have a surprising amount of vegetarian options. The service is hit or miss - I've had spectacular servers, and I've also had flaky ones that all but ignore the table. It reopened at this location fairly recently, and with time I think it could become a true South Side staple.
3	Had dinner and drinks here last night, and there were some hits and misses. The building itself is really cozy and nice, and the servers were really great. The food could use some work, though. First of all, I ordered the pasta special of the day with lobster. I didn't think it would be too crazy expensive since the price of lobster is super low right now. Thankfully, the waitress told me how much it would cost before sending the order in-- almost $50!! Completely insane. I changed the meat from lobster to chicken. The dish came with 2 sides, and I got sauteed spinach and steamed broccoli. The people I was with got salads and bruschetta, all of which they enjoyed. Apparently they messed up another order, and we got 2 apps for free: crab cake and boiled shrimp. Both were good. The crab cake had a lot of meat in it, and the shrimp were seasoned and big. When my meal arrived, quite some time later, it was pretty tasty, and the portion was huge. Chicken with linguine and a vodka sauce. I thought it needed seasoning. The spinach and broccoli definitely needed seasoning. There wasn't even garlic in the sauteed spinach. Finally, we got an order of their creme brulee. It. Was. Terrible. Terrible!! The consistency was watery, there were nuts or something in it, and it was just bad. With a few minor changes to the food, namely seasoning, this place could be really great.
1	VERY VERY DISAPPOINTING! I am from SF, CA and was in PGH on business. Saw Mantini's by driving by and it looked good... that's where the good part ends. I ordered the huge rib eye, over priced but my friend and I would share it and said this to the server. Without asking the steak was served SLICED! like roast beef. Quarter inch sliced rib eye steak. I was shocked and was told rudely "that's what we do when a steak is shared"... well what about !@$$&^**!!! asking me if I want it shredded? I asked for the chef who turned out to be the owner, Matt. He really had an attitude and pushed the fact that I said we were sharing. He said they would cook another steak but.. "its going to take about a half hour! It was early; we'd wait... and three minutes later our bill for the soup and salad was handed to me.... a very "get out!" move. There is a bar inside and in a failed attempt to keep the cigarette smoke out of the dining area there are huge fans creating airflow that's uncomfortable and the place still has the cigarette stink. Matt Mantini is a wanna be chef with a I am right,  attitude.  He allows his staff to be rude because he is rude himself.   I felt the server should have asked if I wanted the steak cut  in any fashion.  What happened to "steak 101"  and trying to please the customer?  I can hang with the high prices but I do expect to receive top end service and food.   Mantini's prices are equal or more than the high end places in San Francisco!  If it was possible to rate this place with a ZERO! I would!  I am so glad I took a friend there and not business clients. Thanks, Yelp, for a venue to air my opion of this place
5	From warm toasty rolls to perfectly seasoned sauteed spinach, everything was delicious. Quick, friendly service and nice ambience. Amount of food was ginormous! We ordered clam chowder soup, which had lots of clams, perfectly seasoned; crab cakes with their special spicy sauce on the side; piles of ribs; melt in your mouth t-bone steak; freshly squeezed fruit cocktail...  I was worried because of a poor review but went there because my friends raved about this place. I don't regret taking my husband there for his birthday. Only thing is, if you are not a big eater, split an entree with someone....or go there after fasting for a day ~
1	Mantini's - where the customer is always wrong.  Six of us went to Mantini's last night for steak, and all of our steaks were overdone. My friend politely told the waitress that his steak was overcooked, and the next thing you know, the owner/chef came over to our table and angrily told our friend that his steak was done perfectly. He did not take it back or make any effort to address the issue....he just yelled at us. It was completely outrageous behavior, and the poor waitress was very apologetic. Normally, I would ask for a manager, but this guy owns the place, and apparently is cool with treating his patrons like crap. We won't go back. Go somewhere where the food is better, and they care about their customers.
4	Was really impressed by this place.  The bartender was friendly, the owner was friendly, the crowd was friendly.  Place looked upscale, and charged to match.I had the vegetarian daily special, which was risotto in a cream sauce with two sides.  It was the largest vegetarian dish I've ever been served, which sits well with me; I like to eat!  My girlfriend got a salad with basalmic, which tasted overdressed (2-stars), and she had a flatbread pizza (3-4 stars).  We also had a few drinks; a full third of their available bar space is dedicated to juicers and fresh fruit, which makes for a phenomenal mixed drink option that isn't anywhere else I've seen in the Southside.I'll go back again, as I really enjoy a place to grab a drink that doesn't imply an all-fried-food menu.
1	Where to start?  This was the worst experience I've had at a restaurant in a long time. Despite only having two other tables occupied at the time (8:30 on a sat), we were seated right next to the bar and some rowdy bar patrons yelling obscenities during the Pitt/ WVU game.  They were out of our first choice of wine, and could only offer a partial bottle of our second choice. No offer to accomodate with another selection as is customary. The service was very poor, with empty water and wine glasses throughout. We couldn't even flag the waitress as she disappeared for long periods, which couldn't have been to serve others since there were so few people in the restaurant. We were never offered a second bottle of wine. The salads clearly came out of the fridge, iced over. The shrimp small and overcooked, and the lobster tail wasalso overcooked. The lamb chops were pretty good. No review on dessert, since we weren't willing to stick around for it.  Oh, the entres were pricey to boot, ranging from $25 for the shrimp to $40 for the lobster. Not unexpected for a quality meal with good service, but neither was present. Summary:  avoid this place. There are much better options for food and service.
3	I had been wanting to go here for a while but was somewhat apprehensive after my experience at another steakhouse, which shall remain unnamed.  Located directly on Carson Street, it is surprisingly easy to find parking since there is an off-street parking lot less than a block away.  The ambiance was rather nice, but the best part was the warmth.  It was so cold outside and the fires inside helped to dispel the chill.  We were seated in a booth and handed our menus.  I hoped that the lack of other patrons was not to be a foreshadowing of what was to come.  It didn't take us long to realize that the service was atrocious.  It took some time for our waitress to finally make her way to us and take our drink order. Luckily, we were also ready to place our order at that point and so got the entire ordeal out of the way:CokeUnsweet Tea with LemonTurkey NoodleBeer steamed shrimp16 oz NY Strip (medium-rare) with Green beans and Cheddar/bacon smashed potatoesAfter about another 15 minutes, our waitress finally decided to bring our drinks and the soup.  Unfortunately, she brought the wrong soup -- Chicken Tortilla.  We immediately sent the soup back and I think that the waitress sensed my impending explosion due to the current service we were receiving.  Why?  Well, she actually started to appear more often and become more attentive to the people that pay her bills.  A cascade occurred and we received the soup, rolls and butter, and the beer steamed shrimp.The food that arrived, though, was just not good.  The rolls had large amounts of sage on top and were not thoroughly cooked.  The Turkey Noodle soup was predominately a smoky flavor and not much else.  The shrimp were rubbery and after eating only one I was in Old Bay overload -- over-seasoned!  I was not looking forward to my dinner entree at this point.When the entree finally arrived, I figured I would save the steak for last and tried the green beans and the smashed potatoes.  They were plagued with the same inability to cook as the appetizers and rolls.  I didn't think it could get any worse and tried the steak.  I swear there was a light that shined down from above on the steak with angels singing as I tasted it.  The flavor was amazing.  How in the world could the steak be so good and everything else taste like cow manure?  Regardless of the reason, I split that steak in two and forgot about everything else on the table.  As poor as the situation and the preponderance of the meal was, the steak WAS that good.  The steak by itself would have been at least a 5.  The service and rest of the food brings the rating down to a 3.  Don't go here expecting to eat anything but the steak with maybe a beer or a cocktail and you won't be disappointed.  I wish it was cheaper.
4	I love the atmosphere in this place.  If I had the means, this is exactly how I would decorate my kitchen/dining room.  Steak was excellent, pulled pork quesadilla was great.  Excellent.Just ate there again last night, and this place never disappoints. The fillet was perfectly cooked to my liking.  Tomato salad was great.  My friend had the rack of ribs - delicious!Service was very gracious.  We had a large surly group - but they were beyond accomondating.
2	Unless you're going for one of the grilled meats, Mantini's is probably not worth it.What's to love?The interior is nice. Open kitchen, good lighting, and a clean space with good table room.What's not to love?Well-intentioned but insufferably slow and spotty service. Almost nothing on the menu for vegetarians. The salads were anemic. There was nothing "wild" about the mushrooms in the wild mushroom quesadilla--more like "weird" mushrooms. The menu seemed lost, like someone was trying to squeeze together casual steakhouse and  upscale American eclectic menus. And most everything seemed to be 10-20% overpriced.*I will say that the majority of the people at the table got steaks and seemed pleased, so if that's what you're going for, then it's probably more like a 3 star experience.
2	Mantini's... where pretension rules. As other reviewers have stated, the atmosphere is pleasant. Exposed brick walls and an open kitchen give this restaurant a pleasant and modern feel.The moment my boyfriend looked at the menu he exclaimed "pretentious much?" On the very short menu, all the prices are written out in script as if to suggest that we would be experiencing white glove service. It couldn't be farther from the truth.This is the longest I have EVER had to wait for a lunch. I ordered the turkey club and fries, while bf ordered the bbq special with a side of broccoli. Forty minutes later (there was one other group of people in the entire place), our food arrived. I must say that the turkey club was quite good, but bf received cole slaw instead of broccoli. When he approached the waitress about the mistake, she rolled her eyes and said, "Oh did you want broccoli too?" No. He wanted every side but the one he ordered. Ten minutes later, his side was brought out. After we had finished our lunches. Succinctly? The food is good, but not worth the poor service and attitude.
2	Before I say the rest, let me just say, the BBQ wasn't bad--but not good enough to compensate for the lousy service. You can read my girlfriend's (Becky Z.) review, but l can sum in up for you: the service *really* sucked.  There were one other table there when we arrived, but the service was terribly slow. The food took forever. The waitress was inattentive and not very helpful. I can see why it was empty on a nice Saturday afternoon...
3	I knew that I would eventually return to this restaurant.  I really liked the steak last time.  With the closing of the Pittsburgh Chophouse in Robinson, I had no other alternative known to myself.  After finding our parking spot and being seated, I was ready to order rather quickly.  On the menu:Potato SoupShrimp cocktailFilet Mignon (12oz, medium-rare) with green beans and cheddar-bacon-smashed potatoesIced Tea with Lemon and WaterWe received that soup, some rolls and butter, and our drinks rather quickly and everything seemed to be on point.  Someone must have read my last review because the rolls were now fully cooked with a hint of sage on top.  Add some real whipped butter to that warm roll and I was pleased.  The soup was another story.  I was told that they cooked the potatoes with beer, but it just wasn't meshing.  I had a big brown potato chunk in the soup and the flavor of the entire bowl was just off.Some time later, our shrimp cocktail arrived.  For the price, the presentation, size, and quantity of shrimp was fairly poor.  Luckily, the shrimp were not dipped in Old Bay Seasoning prior to bringing them to the table.  Even though they now tasted good, I doubt I will get them again unless the size of the shrimp or the quantity is elevated.Some time later, we received our entree.  The steak was cooked a Pittsburgh rare -- dark brown on the outside and refrigerator cold on the inside.  I was a tad perturbed due to my request for medium-rare; but the fact that I still liked it and ate it speaks volumes for the caliber of meat that they use at Mantini's.  The green beans were still inedible, but I could actually tasted the potatoes in the smashed potatoes this time.With this visit, I will no longer get anything but the steak, the bread, a drink and possibly try some different appetizers.  Nothing else is really worth the price tag or the flavor.
3	A very nice dinning experience.
