4	Stopped in here tonight to try it out.  It's a pretty typical sandwich shop with a nice selection of sandwiches.  i noticed they had some wraps with pretty original combinations which sounded good.  I thought the bread was very good and they had a nice selection of veggies.  I was super excited to see their avocado was actual fresh avocado that they sliced in front of me.  Most sandwich shops have pre-smashed avocado or guac with additives to prevent browning.  They were a bit expensive and they don't slice their meats and cheeses in front of you which is a bummer.  The girl working was super nice and friendly.  They also have a punch card which gives a free sandwich which was a bonus.  Overall, I would definitely go back.
5	..
2	Ok, Tired of Subway, very very tired... New Sub place across from my fave grocery store LeeLee,,, anyways,, went into SideWinder, and there was one other customer.. Checked out the menu, and then stood there,, seemed like about 5-8 minutes before I was asked if i knew what i wanted to order.. REALLY ?no warm greeting, good am, afternoon, let us know when you are ready,, and yes, the other customer was already at a table with his sub,, After the fail in greeting and hospitality, I ordered and decided for TAKE OUT.. definitely no sense of urgency form the 2 working here and got my sub and drove 2 miles home.. Home, unwrap the samich, and the bread is totally SOGGY, and not from mayo or oil, but from sitting in water like soggy,, yuck, 1/2 the samich was no good,, there is no way that they didnt notice when making the samich.. If Lees sandwich took Credit Cards i would go there from now on,, but looks like i may need to drive a little further. !!
3	I used to live in the area (now I moved by the one in Gilbert) but came here a few times for grub. Just a heads up, their menu online is not updated with what they have in store. I let the manager know the last time I was inside but am not sure if it's been updated. So, I have ordered the turkey and avocado croissant, Italian sub and a wrap. Both tasted good but it is expensive in my opinion for what you get. I've never been in when it's busy (even during lunch time) so that weirds me out too. Their chip selection is also limiting...they didn't even have regular plain chips! Oh well, this place is sufficient for a sub bite but can't say it's amazing.
1	The worst sandwich I've bought in a long time. I had my husband get sandwiches for us for lunch. He didn't tell me right away that they microwaved my cheesesteak sandwich. I tried a bite and had to spit it out. After inspection i noticed the meat was gray and smelled old. In the trash it went!  My husband had a hot ham & cheese. That was microwaved. He said the bread was chewy and hard. Sorry, there are no second chances for an establishment that microwaves everything. I'd rather have a hot dog from Circle K. No offense Circle K.
5	I love the hot pastrami sandwich!  It's one of the best I have had. Love the new ownership and they deliver now. Awesome sub shop
4	Staff is super friendly, sandwiches are fresh, the cookies are warm and the prices are fair! They deliver too which is even better!
