4	Nice new place.  Counter has about 8 seats and looks as if a counter will be put in the window for about 6 more seats.  Had a few people in front of us waiting for there take out orders and a few at the counter.  You order and they then cook your order.   It took 11 minutes from when we ordered. The food is good.  Went with the Chicago Dog which was a killer.  Have been craving one for a while since my favorite Dog shop closed last year.  The Mac and Cheese comes with the long spiral noodles and is pretty good.Has been a while since I have been to the Library location, so will have to return and got one of the build your own burgers.facebook;https://www.facebook.com/BurgerzNDogz
2	Darren W. has a degree in Creative Writing from Fantasy Island University, as a result, his reviews on Yelp are useless -so this is the first official/actual review of Burgerz and Dogz in Mt. Lebanon. For a burger and a dog, not  a bad place if you like bland non-salted meat.  Salad, not so good.  You will find a much better burger (light years better) down the road at the Galleria (Houlihan's or Mitchell's) and only pay a couple extra bucks for it.  I recommend the skinless hot dog as the natural casing is too hard to bite through and pushes the toppings on the rest of your dog when you try and bite through it.  (undercooked skin is harder to bite through than crispy skin so all the toppings get pushed to another region of the hotdog when you bite into it).  They use the Vienna brand 100% beef hot dog.  I feel this hotdog is not salty enough and have never liked it, so if you are craving salt in a hotdog, this hotdog is not for you.The hamburger, not bad.  I ordered mine medium-well and it was done appropriately.  I ordered mustard, ketchup, onions, and French fries on my burger.  Did not receive the onions (no biggie) but the burger was done good and the rest of the toppings made it very good except, my ketchup was in packets in the to-go bag instead of on my hamburger, not cool!!!  If I were eating my sandwich in a car, I would have been extremely upset when not received the way I ordered it!  Again, the actual meat was bland, no salt.  NOTE: One should not have to "salt" a friggin hamburger from a burger joint!!!  (This seems to be the norm in Mt. Lebanon.  Any restaurant or sub shop in Mt. Lebo is bland because entrepreneurs doing demographic research think that because an area is "upper-middle" class, the people want bland, non-salted "good-for-you" foods.  Read my review of Lebo Subs, right across the street.  Well, I don't go to a freakin burger and dog place to eat healthy!  So in reality, the burger was bad because they missed 2 of my toppings (ketchup and onions) and the meat was salt-free.   I had a salad there last week.  Their Italian dressing is horrible.  The Italian was not creamy but someone's "oil-and-oil" interpretation of Italian -tasting like it was made in someone's basement, hello botulism!  Horrible!  Let's not be creative, just serve Italian dressing!!!  Never again!  (But to be fair, this is a burger and dog place, not a salad place.  They just end up alienating vegetarian family members.)So, ok to go to this place if you are fine with bland food.  Just order your hamburgers "well-done" (as the meat is nothing special) and get the "skinless" dogs and forget about the salads.  If you are a person who craves SALT in their junk/fast food, this place is NOT FOR YOU.
5	Love this place.  Great food. Great service.  Kids love it.  I know I have said it before, mac and cheese dogs, come on!
4	Stopped by to Creat Your Own Masterpiece.  The place was crowded with the small dinning area in the back being full and only a couple seats at the counter.  B&Dz use hormone free beef in the burger.  Burger was perfectly cooked and very good.  Had the sweet potato friez.  The friez were overly coated with cinnamon....!
5	I couldn't be happier to see another Bndz location! It's great to not have to trek through South Park to get one of my favorite burgers and fries. Furthermore, this location seems to be more open and spacious. While out and about in Mt. lebo, I called in my order and took my food to go. I immediately began to compare the new Bndz to my beloved South Park location. Overall, the food was spot on. The burgers were cooked to perfection. The fries were crispy and delicious. My only gripe would be that they seemed to skimp a little on the fries. When you add on the fry and drink combo it's another $3. The burgers are already about 10-12$ each so, a little pricey to start. Therefore, if I'm paying 15$ for a burger and fries, I do expect to have a good size helping of those delicious fried sticks. Fries aside, my favorite aspect of Bndz is the emphasis on quality, hormone free meat. The ingredients are always fresh and of a higher quality than most. Have you tried the chicken bacon burger? Yes, it is diced chicken but, it's much tastier than the typical, dried out chicken breast most places call a burger. Overall, I'm thrilled to welcome Bndz to the growing restaurant scene in Mt. Lebo.
5	Good service and food. They remade our fries to make sure they met a higher quality. Definitely appreciate that
5	I've been going here almost once a week since they opened and always get the same thing. The Chicago Dog with the natural casing is just about amazing. This hot dog could compete with any in the Windy City and that's probably the case because they use the same Vienna Hot Dogs. Another cool thing I discovered this past week is that they are doing 1/2 off mounds of fries every Wednesday, which is a heart attack of fries, nacho cheese, bacon, Mac n cheese and ranch. Throw in an Iron City and it's yinzer heaven.
2	This place recently came to Mt. Leb and it immediately hopped on my "Eat Here" list. I went with my guy after a heavy night of adult beverages and we needed greasy food ASAP. Foremost, the set-up of the restaurant is awful. We walked in to the store to the grill line and some bar stool seating (no alcohol involved). We tried to order there, but were sent back to the "dining area." Our waitress was young and very slow. She didn't make much of an effort to connect with us or help us order, even though we told her it was our first time there. We ordered chili cheese fries from the menu as an appetizer - of course, they came with our main course. Tim and I both ordered custom burgers from the Burgatory-esque menu pads. The toppings that were available were extensive specialty items - avocado, smokehouse onion cheddar cheese, season your own burger? Why don't you have seasoned meat, BnDz? Our MTO burgers were tasty, but nothing special...even with the added specialty toppings. They were both over-cooked.The dining clientele itself was very interesting. One woman knocked over her glass of Pepsi and her waitress took a total of 20 minutes to clean it up (with paper towels, no rag or mop). Nothing made sense about this place.
3	I've eaten here twice and it's just OK. I do not like the ordering process on the sheets. I'd rather just tell the guy at the register what I  want, but they have made it a chore to order. They burger was decent, but not the best I've had. In fact, the burgers across the street at the Saloon are much better, and cheaper. My husband isn't impressed either and probably won't go back considering there are other options. I had high hopes for this place but so far it's been a bit of a disappointment..Some of the staff are  friendly enough, but seemed confused as well. Not a good flow and overpriced.
