5	We have been to the Nest and the Crypt but this one is our favorite!!
5	We lost our voices from screaming (yes, Jason did too!). This place has four haunted houses to go through. Each one was unique in it's own way. They were all fun, scary and the cast made a world of difference. Everyone working really got into their part. They almost looked like they were having more fun then the guests! The costumes, make up and props were great (they even had us walk through a trailer house!). For the best experience, try to go with two or three people through the houses. If you are with a large group, you may want to break it up. If you can't, the cast does a good job trying to get the people trailing from behind scared as well (watch out from the back!). There are a lot of teenagers there, but it is to be expected. If you have a good Halloween spirit and enjoy haunted houses, this is the place for you. I hadn't gone to a haunted house in over 10 years. A huge thanks to the cast. We had a great time! Arizona Scream Park is tough to beat!They did have beer and soda. Cash only.
3	Okay so I haven't been to a haunted house in over a decade and I liked this one but I did encounter a few things that I felt could have been improved. First off I was told several times that no refunds will be given. I was well aware of that rule when I bought my ticket at the front gate. But then the employees working the front of each haunted house repeatedly mentioned "NO REFUNDS." The guy working GoldMiners Revenge must've said it 3 times while he was going over the rules.With that said, my next issue was the dead spots in GoldMiners Revenge. Yeah it took 10 minutes to complete this house but at least 6 minutes of it was me trying to find my way through the dark. I know thats the point but I felt these dead zones could have at least had more props or something.Finally my last problem was the timing. When I went through the new Horror High we ended up catching up with the group in front of us and they were the ones getting all the scares. Then the group behind us caught up and before we knew it there were like 12 people walking through the same section of the house. I realize they need to maximize the amount of people going through each house due to volume but it took away part of the experience. I haven't had the chance to visit any other haunted houses in Arizona yet but for the most part this park is mediocre at best.
2	I remember coming here when I was younger. This was one of the first haunt experiences with just my friends and I, and we thought it was way badass. Fast forward to the present and it's a different story. First of all, erase any notions of high tech thrills. This is a straight old school experience, meaning not too many crazy costumes, sets, props and way more actor scares. Done right this can be awesome and way effective, but done half assed and it can be a shit sandwich with a side of diarrhea soup. Second, the price is pretty steep for what you get. It's 27 bucks for all access, plus 10 if you want the fast pass. If the mazes had some real quality it would be worth it, but most are just dark areas with super dusty floors. I will give credit for their theming, because all the mazes have a backstory that follows through during your experience. There are four mazes total, with one being in 3D. All in all, go if you haven't been or want some old style thrills, but skip if you don't like getting dusted as shit and have high standards for Halloween entertainment.
3	So I will rate the pumpkin patch portion of this place. We did NOT go to the haunted house so please take that into account. I have seen this place setup before and in years past it was much bigger and more festive.The people there were very nice but busy hanging out with their friends and chatting (can't say I blame them too much there was minimal traffic)Either way we did get a couple of good pumpkins and my 2 year old thought it was fun. Next time I think I may head for Tucson for a good old fashioned hay ride and farm experience at Buckelew.
1	Ok guys... So a group of friends and I went to This park last night to celebrate.  We bought the tickets that would allow us to go into two different houses.  We were right at the end of the first house walking through a dark tunnel with uneven ground.  My friend was holding onto the wall to steady himself and snagged his hand on a nail.  An employee taped up his gashed
5	I didn't know what to expect when going to this haunted house, but when I got there, it really scared me and my friends.  We had a great time!
1	Went to this haunt last year and thought it was the best haunt I had ever attended and I have been to haunts all over the country.  I especially enjoyed the school house where the actors were allowed to touch the patrons. Well, this year the quality has gone from awesome to awful.  We had to pay to park, waited in line for an hour for tickets, waited in line for over one hour for the haunted hospital, waited way way over an hour in line for the school house.  By that time it was past midnight and the park was closing.  Therefore, we were unable to go through the other two haunts that we paid for.  The two haunts we saw were so disappointing. The hospital was full of dead hallway space with very few actors.  The school house was even more disappointing.  When we finally got to the entrance, the actor drills you to be nice to the actors because they are tired and are trying to give their best. That was a buzz kill but even worse was when you enter into the vestibule and they ruin the experience because they are more concerned with signing a spiral notebook agreeing that the actors can touch your hair and/or feet.  Only two actors barely touched the back of my head and it took maybe 3 minutes to get through the haunt. I feel they sold too many discount tickets and sacrificed actors for greed.  Sorry we wasted so much time and money.  We won't return next season.
1	Lame lame lame.  Felt very amateurish.  Unorganized.  Slow lines.  If your idea of scary is a few teenagers jumping at you, you'll enjoy.  Also extremely rude chick at miners entrance.  Save your money not worth the admission
5	By far the best haunt in Arizona! This is a classic haunted attraction that uses the natural environment extremely well. Driving up to the park is freaky by itself! Each attraction had something different to offer. Zombies in Zombie Infirmary, mine shafts and bridges in Gold Miners Revenge, being touched in a haunted high school in Horror High, and crazy 4-d Clowns in Clown Town of Terror. We enjoyed each and every house and will be back again next year!
4	I don't have much to compare this to, but I thoroughly enjoyed this haunted house experience.  We purchased our tickets online and exchanged them for wristbands when we walked up.  Once inside, we picked the house that looked like it had the shortest line and got ready.  The actors on the outside made us laugh, and the ones on the inside made us scream!  I'm tough to scare, but there were enough "jump factors" to keep me on edge.  The abandoned mine was creepy because it was almost too "Arizona".  Like, I've walked through those sewer pipes out in the dessert.  The clown house was trippy; 3D glasses, painted walls and crazy lights combined into an experience that kept us just off kilter the whole way through.  The hospital touched on some real fear when we were forced to crawl through small spaces and ended up getting lost.  There were also some great scenes between the zombies chasing us.  The school was definitely the best one, where the actors were allowed to touch and mess with us a little more.The lines were kind of long, but we were there on a Friday night.  For 4 different houses with different concepts, I felt I got my money's worth.
4	I had my doubts at first. Driving past this park, it's very unassuming. Walking through the park is something else entirely!We originally had our hearts set on the "Thirteenth Floor" haunted house but didn't want to make the trek. Plus, staying near Old Town Scottsdale provided the added benefit of consuming several doses of liquid courage. We planned ahead and bought tickets online (cash only at the door). The Eventbrite website makes you include names and emails for each ticket. They do not actually check the names at the door. Instead, you redeem your purchased tickets (via phone app or printed) for general admission wristbands. The tickets are $29 and well worth it.There are actually four different "houses" within the scream park: Horror High, Zombie Infirmary, Clown Town of Terror and Gold Miner's Revenge. Each one offered a unique theme with a couple serious scares. I consider myself relatively fearless, but when you're making your way down a dark hallway and some creepy ghoulish figure comes bounding down, I don't care who you are, your blood gets pumping! Without giving too much away, the Clown house had crazy neon paint and 3-D glasses. You'll get physically touched in one of the houses, but it's very light. I was extremely impressed with how well the monsters stayed in character the whole time. Even when we got lost in a maze, we were ushered to freedom by menacing voices.Overall, a very good haunted house experience. It's a lot of fun going through with a group of friends or family just to hear their reactions. I definitely recommend AZ Scream Park when looking to satisfy your Halloween haunted house needs.
5	I wasnt expecting much, based on word of mouth my friend had received in her position as a bartender.  We arrived and started at the furthest house to the left and worked our way clockwise.The Zombie Infirmary was absolutely terrifying.  Completely pitch black in many areas and absolutely phenomenal.The Old Miner location was pretty scary.Horror High was amazing, second best to ZI.  There was a little person on a tricycle that was one of the most creepy things I have seen in my life.The Clown Town of Terror was so-so at best.  If I had to do it again, I would get this out of the way first and work my way up through the rankings I have provided.A few final thoughts.  Wear crappy shoes and pants, extremely dusty area.  Go to this and not 13th floor, way scarier.  If possible, go in a twosome.  They send you through as a couple which allows both of you to receive every fright, not like the big hoards sent through at most haunted houses.
5	After being married for 14 years and together for 17 years and dealing with me begging him to go to a haunted house with me every October my hubby finally relented and surprised me with a trip here for date night.  Having been a haunted house performer in my younger days down in Tucson I always have loved a good old fashioned jumpy, psychologically freaky, somewhat disorienting haunted house experience.  I was a bit worried that with the way horror movies have evolved and special effects have advanced that this was going to be more gory and horrifying than I could handle- but it was PERFECT!I see no one else has review this place for 2014 so I wanted to post this for anyone looking into going now.  Specifics:Location -easily accessible and plenty of parking (parking cost us $5 cash only which I don't believe was listed on the website but I could be wrong)--its in a desert lot so it is dusty- go ahead and plan on wearing clothes that you don't mind being active in and skip the sandals/flip flops (yes we still wear flip flops in October in AZ so this is an important tip LOL)-- bust out your sneakers or other comfy close toed flat shoes - you will be grateful you did. Trust me since it is so dark no one is even noticing if your outfit looks weird with sneakers go for comfort and practicality. Cost- after you pay the $5 for parking you enter the facility and there are ticket windows--the night we went the window furthest right was for people who had purchased tickets online in advance and one furthest left was for people who had a groupon and the middle was for people buying at the window.  The park has 4 Haunted Houses (others call them mazes) and in 2014 the cost was $23 for 2 or $28 for 4.  There was also the option to purchase a "speed pass" for $10 more which gives you a separate line to go in and cuts your wait time.---Note- if you plan this in advance enough you can save a few bucks and get the groupon which in 2014 was  $21 for 2 Houses and included the speed pass (so you save $12 going that route but you only get 2 houses... the $28 you get all 4 Houses and to me the wait times were nothing that would require a special "speed pass" to endure. We were there on the Friday one week before Halloween and we walked right into 1 house no wait, waited for 1 group ahead of us for another and waited maybe 20 minutes each for the other 2---we were there from 7:15ish until 10:15 and to be honest we enjoyed having the break to wait in line in between  I would opt for the 4 houses and no speed pass.Experience-I am not going to give spoilers but will say that we took a peak at 1 yelpers review while we ate dinner before coming and we agree that Zombie Infirmary is the SCARIEST one of them all- so do what you wish with that info.  They are lined up in a half circle with Zombie Infirmary being the one to the north (on your left when you walk in) then goes clockwise to Gold Miner's Revenge, Horror High and then Clown Tower of Terror.  I mention this because we started at Zombie Infirmary not really realizing that's what it was- as the sign calls it "Castle"---there was nobody in line for that one (we were in at about 7:30pm) so thats the first one we went to.   Then we just followed along the circle and ended at Clown.#1 tip for doing the actual houses- if they give you the option to go as just a pair DO THAT-- WAY scarier than going with a larger group..if you are attending with a larger group I suggest splitting up into no more than 4 if you can ---this is because the bigger the group the harder it is for anyone besides the 1st one or two people to benefit from some of the "startle scares"  We did Zombie and Clown as just the 2 of us and those were both the BEST experiences for us... Zombie being by far the most terrifying/disorienting and Clown was the best at startles and disorienting.  Gold Miner they didn't give the choice and we had to go with a group of 4 others (so 6 total) and some how we caught up to the group in front of us too quickly and then the group behind us was a ton of tweens that essentially ran through the thing and caught up to us so at one point we were a mob of like 15 people---similar thing happened in Horror High which really took a lot of the "4D" elements of them being able to touch us out of the fun since there were so many people all together we were all already touching each other....I'm sure thats not the case always but it was for our visit and not anything the crew can do about  how other guests interact so I don't fault the park at all.Be prepared to take 10-15 minutes walking through each one maybe longer for Gold Miners Revenge as it is the longest one-  it also has some tricky footing to be aware of so there are times when you are forced to GO SLOW so you don't roll your ankle or slip down an incline/decline.Have fun!!
3	Pricey for sure and paying for parking is not something I am fond of. The attraction alone is expensive enough and we only did 2 of the attractions because of the price.The mine was a walk through pretty long and really felt like walking through a true Arizona desert in the middle of the night. True uneven ground and fog and some scary parts because you really can't see where you are going but would have liked more actors around to scare us further.Our second pick was haunted high school where they can touch you. We had two girls ahead of us who were touched a lot more and entertained more then we were, but a decent enough attraction.Better pricing and staff to tell you where to go would be appreciated and dump the parking fee.
