5	I had no idea what I was getting myself into when I was researching entertainment for my wedding- long distance....I'm so thankful I ran across Party Masters Entertainment and spoke to the owner Pinky Lieb.  He was excellent- so professional and really listened to my expectations.  I highly recommend Party Masters Entertainment to any bride looking for a really fun party atmosphere.
5	My Wife and I decided to do a destination wedding, we live in Phoenix and decided on a summer wedding in San Diego/La Jolla. Obviously, this createed a lot of logistical challenges as the ceremony (beach), cocktail reception (outside), and dinner reception (inside) were all in different locations. The staff at Party Masters were outstanding in pulling this off, they provided the music for the ceremony and cocktail reception. Additionally, they did the video production for the whole wedding day. The dinner reception was a big production with a lot of moving parts, it started with the Party Masters' produced photo montage of the bride and grooms individual lives and finishes with photos of our fun times together (this was a big hit!). This was followed by the traditional first dance, we decided in advance to turn it up a notch here, we did a change of costume and perform a second dance which was a fairly elaborate Tango with a "Dancing With the Stars" theme. Our wedding party joined the fun by acting as the judges. Party Masters oversaw the set up, and production of this over the top reception, everything went seamlessly, and we partied and danced with our family and friends late into the night.More importantly, the staff at Party Masters managed the big picture. Although we had a really good wedding planner, when we started to run behind on our initial agenda, she wanted to cut the cocktail reception short. Party Master took charge and kept us from being rushed on our big day!We love the wedding day video produce by Party Masters, in fact we got everybody together several weeks after the wedding to share the video.All I can add to the above is the staff, music, lights/dance floor, sound systems, and customer services experience were all top notch. If your planning an event, I highly recommend using Party Masters.
5	I used Party Masters for my wedding and it was OUTSTANDING!   Pinky Lieb was my DJ and also helped me plan the timeline for the reception of the wedding and designed the lighting that made the venue look stunning.  He also helped me pick rental furniture that complimented my venue and fit within my budget.  Pinky was a pleasure to work with.  I received compliment after compliment from my guests who raved about his ability to get the crowd in the mood to dance and have a good time at the party.  He picked the right music to make everyone happy.  The company website allows you to plan which songs you absolutely want played at your event or ones that you do not want played.  Every suggestion Pinky made was spot on and every choice he made as a professional on the night of my event was complete perfection.
