3	Right at the intersection of N. Scottsdale Rd., N. Greenway-Hayden Loop and Mt. Getoveryourself Lane is the new shopping center, Scottsdale Quarters.  Because there was not enough shopping at Kierland Commons and certainly not enough within the surrounding square mile, Scottsdale Quarters was wisely erected during this recession.I visited because my daughters received H & M gift cards for Christmas and there is an H & M here.  H & M is pretty much targeted at 20 somethings and wannabe 20 somethings.  Sort of Ikea meets The Gap.  Although in fairness I did spot a Sgt. Pepper looking jacket that I tried on...it just didn't work.  For me or anyone.So Scottsdale Quarters also has some upscale stores and Brio restaurant which I have not tried but it has reviewed pretty well.  What they are lacking at this point is a good coffee house where dad's can chill while the kids are at H & M.I like the upward rather than outward design of much of the shopping center.  It would be nice if they add apartments or condos rather than office space above,  Or at least a mix.  That would certainly lend itself toward an urbanism that the Valley is missing.
3	Came here to visit the Apple Store. It reminds me of Santana Row in San Jose. As of now there isn't much going on here besides the Apple Store, H&M, and a few other stores. I think if they add some more stores it could be a real crowd pleaser. It is basically brand new. The parking situation was a little iffy but it did the job. I would like to see what more they do with the Quarter in the coming months/years.
5	I love the urban feel of this place, and the swanky Apple Store is a big enough draw for me! The place is brand new, so not too many things are going on yet, but more stores are opening all the time! There's now a really high-end iPic movie theater, a frozen yogurt place, a great Nike store, and much more to come in addition to H&M, West Elm, and the delicious Oakville Grocery Co. Parking is fine and it's easy to navigate. When you're done here you can walk to Kierland across the street, too! :)Can't wait to see what they do here in a few years!
4	Well this mall definitely fits the Scottsdale demographic.....classy...upscale...expensive...lavish...but at least the parking is free. The thing that makes this place suitable for everyone however is it's urban feel. It has an H&M....apple store...organic restaurants....the Nike store....and more stores to come this summer. Now with the Kierland Commons right across the street....it makes this place seem even more suitable to visit because I think it keeps prices competitive throughout the area....especially for restaurants. The outdoor seating is vast and I am sure it will be a popular locale for the locals and visitors for years to come. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
1	Please refer to my attached photo for why the Scottsdale Quarter gets ONE star for my review. HALF of the entire parking garage was reserved for Valet parking on a Tuesday night at 8:00pm.  And all the spots were empty. Don't get me wrong, I don't mind parking far away and walking or even parking valet, but I was just "stopping in" to grab some froyo at Menchies. The walk to and from my car took longer than it took me to get the Frozen Yogurt.  What's the point of having a parking garage if it's completely empty and reserved for valet parking? Its no wonder the Oakville Grocery closed, there was probably nowhere for the customers to park.  I wouldn't be surprised if other businesses close as a result of this horrendous parking situation.
4	Well, I finally have a better idea of the goal behind Scottsdale Quarter. During construction of the Quarter, they opened up a restaurant here and retail store there, but they never gave much indication on what was going to be placed in the middle. Now I know: a lot of restaurants, shopping and entertainment! I like. Scottsdale Quarter really has it all. Shopping - both high end and low end, restaurants - both fine dining and average, snacks, coffee shops, home furniture, electronics, nightlife and yes, even a brand new state of the art theater! I could spend my entire Friday night here and have dinner, drinks, a movie and post-movie snack without moving my car. Architecture-wise, they did a pretty decent job. The courtyard area in the middle of the Quarter really opened up the center and I like the water works surrounded by benches, chairs and even lounge chairs! At times, it feels a little cramped, but it's not unbearable and it also makes me feel like I'm in a very urban environment. Parking can be a bit of a pain, but I've learned to just accept defeat and park underground. I wish that they offered some "30 minute" parking options, especially since they have some "in and out" style shops - like fro yo and coffee. They have one or two loading zone parking spots but they are always taken so hopefully they add some more! I wouldn't choose Scottsdale Quarter for a quick trip because it would take twice as long to find parking alone, but if they change that I definitely will. Between Scottsdale Quarter and Kierland across the street, this could be shopping and dining paradise. I hope that one day they create some sort of above ground walkway to go between the two shopping centers so that we can easily go back and forth without having to cross the busy intersection. All-in-all, I'm very excited that Scottsdale Quarter has come to town. They've brought in some wonderful local businesses and popular chains and it is a great option for those in North Scottsdale.
4	A nice place for dining and shopping. I love True Food Kitchen and the iPic is a nice addition for entertainment. parking can be a haul depending on which stores you want to visit but sometimes you get lucky and there is curbside parking available. This is a great place for a date night or just for meeting up with friends so the next time you are looking for that perfect place to shop or dine or catch the latest movie (no children allowed at iPic after 7pm) this is your spot.
3	And here we have yet another outdoor mall with the usual suspects- Apple, H&M, Gap, Nike, Pottery Barn, ect. This is a nice mall, a little on the small side but the grounds are cute, and they have a few really good original places to check out. I love Beach Bunny, and I will be back very soon to check out Narcisse!Great location, not too crowded, and I never had a problem with parking. Check this place out next time your out shopping with your friends or on a date night.
4	Scottsdale Quarter has been a nice addition to the Scottsdale scene.  I love True Food Kitchen, Narcisse and Parc Central.  Primebar is pretty good as well for happy hour.I'm not a huge shopper but the retail component seems a little weak at SQ.  The Apple store is nice though. I've been spending more time at SQ lately than across the street at Kierland Commons.
4	Just what North Scottsdale needed... more shopping and food! (wink)At least it is fabulous shopping and food. Havent eaten at a place I didnt like there. Good luck parking on the streets... dont even look, just hit the two garages at either end of the Quarter.
3	Eh - okay, I like the look of the complex design, probably because it has that downtown urban vibe. Right now, it doesn't have a lot of great shopping - but what it currently has is the always-cool Apple store, the hip and somewhat cheap fashions of H&M, and the modern and reasonably priced West Elm. It's got some small shops popping up as well as some delicious eateries such as True Food, Grimaldi's and Brio. Like Kierland Commons (located right across the street) it is a nice area to walk around, and has a centrally located play-fountain area for the kiddos. With some of the pricier restaurants and the gimmicky iPic theater, it's definitely another personality-lacking shopping mall - which Scottsdale has an abundance of - apparently Scottsdale needed another one.
4	This is an upscale outdoor shopping experience with restaurants, bars and movie theaters. Its directly across the street from Kierland commons. Between the Scottsdale Quarter, Kierland and the Promanade (all walkable) you can easily blow through your powerball winnings.
5	The Scottsdale Quarter has executed everything perfectly.  We love to spend the entire day here - iPic Theatres, Tanzy, Salt, Grimaldis, Stingray, Apple, Parc Central, Nike, Eddie V's and tons of other eateries and shopping.  This is North Scottsdale at its best, and you will not be disappointed.
4	This is a great little entertainment and shopping area. There are a lot of Superplex choices in North Scottsdale and I like the downtown city/urban feel of Scottsdale Quarter. You can walk the entire complex (round-trip) in 10 minutes, yet there are enough shops and restaurants to last all day.It's not at 100% occupancy so there is still some minimal construction going on, but it's nothing that gets in the way of a great time.The only downer is the parking. Just go directly to the below ground parking structure. Street parking is non-existent unless you want to Valet. Also, access to Scottsdale Rd is limited to one exit.The minor parking issues are far outweighed by everything else SQ has to offer. It is now on my list of places to go during the weekend!
2	Great place for shopping and dining if you don't mind valet parking but they really don't have anything unique to offer (other than the ipic theater, which I LOVE).  Overall, it's just not worth the drive if you don't live in North Scottsdale.  You can find most of the stores and restaurants in your local mall... or at least at Scottsdale Fashion Square, which is much closer to me and has way more to offer, in my opinion.This place does afford some really great people watching, though.  Just make sure you bring your A game or else have sufficient self confidence that you don't mind not fitting in.  Because I can pretty much guarantee that everyone you see here will be thinner, prettier, better dressed and drive a nicer car than you.  Unless you are on the "real housewives" show.  In which case this is where you already hang out and you probably will never read this review anyway.
5	Great haopy hour deals good vibe
1	This will NEVER be a shopping destination, for me !Unless I need to visit THE APPLE STORE, I'm staying away.For the most part, the center is a collection of OVER PRICED restaurants and clubs.If YOU need your ego (or other parts) stroked, by barely 21 year old female WANNA-BEE'S .... Take a VIAGRA and your wallet, with you.The parking availability is terrible.Plus the Valet reserved zones, have made it shopper unfriendly.
4	This place is starting to be a lot of fun.  There are more stores opening and more restaurants coming in.  The environment is pretty nice and shopping here has been great the last few weeks.
4	Scottsdale Quarter is another fabulous outdoor shopping mall that offers visitors choices of stores and restaurants on the higher end and a few that won't break your bank.When I first ventured to Scottsdale Quarter I was so disappointed by the lack of stores available, but now, after a few years, it has finally filled out (she's finally an adult, hee hee).  The grounds are always clean and in the center of this shopping complex is another ground water fountain-esque fixture that you will find little kids running around in and enjoying in the warmer months. At night, the Quarter is starting to become awake with 30+'s hitting up Narcisse Champagne Lounge, Primebar, and Salt.Restaurants currently include: Brio, Dominick's Steakhouse, TK's Urban Tavern, Stingray Sushi, True Foods, Tanzy, Primebar and a few more.Shopping stores currently include: the Apple Store, Nike, Beach Bunny Swimwear (full on expensive non-practical "swimwear" that probably wouldn't survive water), Brookstone, Buckle, Calypso St. Barth, Free People, Pottery Barn, Republic of Couture, and many more.Scottsdale Quarter is still growing and I am super excited to see what else it will offer!
3	Keeps getting better and better.  The Commons across the street is better during the day.If you are partying at night, this is your spot.
2	Every time i come here my experience is less than satisfying.. I don't know if its the fact that this place is trying to be urban and hip, but instead it's a bunch of overpriced stores and pretentious restaurants. The parking -1, I mean what the hell was the person thinking who design this place, parking is confusing and people try run down the back of your ass to get passed you to park.. I mean why are u in such a hurry though? calm all the way down!The vibe. -1 . umm there wasn't a vibe to speak of, yeah some people were dinning and out and about walking around but most of the mall seemed dead. People -1 Pretentious.. like let me valet my honda accord so I look super cool kind of pretentious LOL .. Honestly the only good thing here is the Apple Store, I love the design and the customer service is friendly whenever I've been there. H&M's men section sucks, and The Nike Store is overpriced like SHIT..yup I will try to avoid coming here in the future.. Fashion Square, hell even Kierland is a better option. MUCH BETTER VIBES2 LONELY STARS.
3	Scottsdale Quarter is starting to thrive with a long list of retailers. The list include shops such as:H & M, Sephora, H & M, Nike Store, Brookstone (I believe this is coming soon), Express, Gap, West Elm, ItSugar, Pottery Barn and some clothing boutique. Restaurant-wise, there are plenty to choose from including Prime Bar, Dominques, Tanzy, Brio, Grimaldis and True Food (to name a few). They have a good amount of businesses at the Quarter, but I still feel like everything is a tad too cramped and it's a little confusing making your way up on alley and into the next. However, the most disappointing aspect of the Quarter is the lack of parking. There are barely any street-level parking spots which means that unless you have been graced by the parking-luck fairy, you'll be driving deep underground to find a spot in the garage. The whole process to park at the Quarter makes it nearly impossible to "run in and out" to make a return, grab a quick charger from the Apple store or pick up a makeup product from Sephora. Because of the parking situation, this isn't your shopping mall where you can "just quickly stop by" but instead, be prepared to spend about 10 minutes parking before you start your Quarter experience.
5	Brio has the best happy hour!  Where else can you go and get a great burger for $3.  Add a beer for $4 and I am a happy girl!  All their appetizers are $3!  Sweet deal.
4	I love walking around this outdoor shopping area (mall). It is mainly upscale stores... so it is really meant for people that have alot of money to spend. I just enjoy walking around and seeing what it has to offer. I am new AZ... so this outdoor shopping is quite new to me. Where I am from, most shopping (like this) is inside malls. We did have some outdoor shopping... but nothing like this. They have some great restaurants and the iPic theater (which is amazing, yet expensive). I love to walk around here and Kielrand Commons. I could do these shopping centers on a weekly basis.
3	Very status conscious mall.  Prices are inflated to match.  If it weren't for Dry Bar, I would make it a point to avoid this place.
1	I work in N. Scottsdale and found a restaurant that I wanted to try in the Scottsdale Quarter. I don't know who designed this place but they must have been smoking something. Parking is TERRIBLE! Most of it is reserved for valet and the spots weren't even filled up. I got so aggravated trying to find a place to park that I just turned around and left. I never even made it to the restaurant. It's sad because I feel bad for the places that will lose business because of shoddy parking. My advice is to park across the street at the Commons and walk.
5	The Quarter is just a fun place with a fun atmosphere!  Splash pad for the kids; movies for all ages...and any type of food you can imagine!  Try it on, you might like it!Where the vibe of the city meets the serene blue skies of the desert, Scottsdale Quarter is a new city district that is poised to become the most unique shopping, dining and entertainment destination in the Valley.
2	I will say the best part about the whole place is the Apple store, biggest one I have seen thus far. However, getting into the place and parking is a nightmare. Either there is too little of it on the sides or most of it is valet parking only. The place is like a little village of shopping. Just too far of a drive and it didn't leave enough impression to make the drive worthwhile. I can't see how this place can be very popular during the summertime seeing as it is outdoor shopping.
4	I'll start with the simple, there is food here for everyone from the inexpensive happy hour to the reasonable local sourced true food and press coffee, even the higher end lounge and bar scenes, retail has choices from the classic styles of the Gap to the trendy H&M and most in between at all price points, Nike store and a Lululemon for fitness conveniently flanking a candy store.  But my review is centered around the family choice of the splash pad, we frequent a few of them throughout the north valley when we are owed with our memberships at the Train park or Children's Museum, less bored than seeking a change is probably more accurate.  This pad has great seating, plenty of dispersed shade trees a few benches and even a little turf hill to layout and dry off for the kids, too small for adults.  The pad is a cool tiled stone surface similar to the large ones at Millennium Park in Chicago, haven't been no problem, it is a large surface compiled of a nice grippy stone very level with small gaps for drainage, the kids almost never slip and rarely seem to fall, in also allows for a shallow pool think 1/2" or so that maintains a cool surface and allows the less adventurous kids to hang out on the edges away from the fountains and jets.  Great for all ages and convenient for the parents to sit adjacent but not so close that we have to be in the spray.  This is a large pad I would guess 60' by 20' with 12 fountains, it staggers the spray randomly keeping the kids circulating and also varies the intensity of the spray.  The fountains are 3' circumference rings of water that allow the kids to actually sit in the middle like a water cage, and they love it.  If not for my ashamed attitude you might find me right in there as well when the temps rise a little more.  This is my favorite pad so far that we have visited, the hours are good as well though I must say the clocks are off by 10 minutes so be patient it will start just later than scheduled.  Right now the hours are 10-9 M-S and Noon to close Sunday.  This was hard to find and not posted on the Scottsdale Quarter website(?).  We found it nice to wander south to Press Coffee Roasters a local owned and operated shop (must go) picked up a mid morning snack, bagels pastries drinks of all sorts, staked out a seating area and enjoyed until the water works started up.  Early is better, but we won't mind if you all sleep in and we enjoy this gem in more tranquility.  I almost didn't review the area, to keep it to myself, but my kids love company, and social time so this one is for their benefit.  On a side note we love the Apple store that is in this area and when shopping they have a brilliant kids table filled with iPads and apps that my kids adore, so if in the area and you need a tech device or a little A/C and some healthy diversion for the kids, the apps are education based and simple for my 3 and 4 year olds.
4	Wow! This place has changed! I used to work at the Scottsdale Air park and would pop into H&M a few times a week at lunch. Then there were only a few stores goin on. But now! There are all kinds of placed to shop eat and be entertained. We went tot he Yelp event at SOL Cocina last night, great new place. They just opened and I cant wait to go back again! Great tacos, and lots of tequila. They even have a yummy Skinny Margarita.Brio has a great lunch!Stingray has some fabulous sushi! They has these great specialty rolls that you cant find anywhere else. I cant remember the names but there is one with pico shrimp and this yummy creme, gotta try it!True Food is awesome! Their Spaghetti Squash Casserole is out of this world. They even have these great organic liqueurs that you can put in your cocktails. They shopping is great too, Express, GAP, H&M, Nike and tons more. They even did a great job with the parking, two garages and lots of street parking.
4	Ya know, if it weren't 376 degrees outside most of the year, I would like this shopping area even more than I already do. There are plenty of shops and eateries to keep me entertained for a few hours.Mainly I hit up the same three places, listed thusly in no particular order:-Apple store to feed the addiction, nom nom apple products nom nom-H&M... must... buy.. cheaply made... inexpensive... trendy girl ... clothes omglolcat-Press Coffee Roaster... BECAUSE I'M JUST NOT CAFFEINATED ENOUGH. Runners up:-West Elm, to drool and fawn over adorable and ridiculously overpriced home decor.-True Foods Kitchen, because it's just yummy but I never get there often enough. -The bathingsuit store, Have no idea what it's called. Cuz who doesn't like exposing their flub to the world in overpriced bathing suits that you cant even get wet, probably. And so ends my mini-tour of the Scottsdale Quarter. Questions? Good, I didn't think so... let's go get drunk!
5	This is a beautifully built outdoor mall with such an urban feel. The Quad has a fun water fountain area where children come to play and the adults can lounge in the chairs and sunbath. The luxurious iPic Theaters upstairs is a great choice for a nice night out with friends or a fun date night. Salt Lounge in iPic has these unique liquid nitrogen drinks (so cool how they look like they're smoking) and uses all fresh ingredients.Tanzy next door has an amazing Sunday brunch with bottomless mimosas and a chef's pancake station. There's also a fantastic happy hour Monday thru Friday with awesome drink specials and a mobile carving station.  It's very unique!Lululemon, Express, Kitty,H&M, Paper Source, Make Meaning, L'Occitane, West Elm, and Apple are some of the amazing retailers in the center.  There's also a popular Stingray Sushi with their busy outdoor bar area and the talented Dry Bar.Overall, I love this center. All of the employees are friendly and it has a nice community feel, and that truly tops it off.
3	Scottsdale Quarter tries to match the illustrious feel of Scottsdale Fashion Mall.  The only problem is getting from venue to venue is outdoors.  In the heat, it is quite a feat, even with misters on.Nevertheless, Scottsdale Quarter has some nice stores and restaurants.  I usually go to eat at one of the restaurants.
5	I love this place, favorite place in scottsdale!! I love true foods yum!! It has everything ipic studio for a one of a kind movie experience. H&M love love!! As well as bath and body works, the apple store and niketown its like San Francisco in scottsdale, well maybe more of a walnut creek for my bay area yelpers, lol! Free parking as well as a nice ambience. Cool one of a kind stores like dry bar a blowout for the ladies and mini bar ber shop for the men.
4	I am officially impressed with the Scottsdale Quarter. Since their launch, they have opened up several shops in the center and every shop offers a different treat. This is turning into a playground because rather than being a shopping mall full of high-end stores, it's full of small novelty stores, gift shops, activity stores and more. Here's a breakdown of the main reasons why I like Scottsdale Quarter - Fountains - I've been here several times with my nephews and boy do children love playing in these fountains! It's turned into a Mom haven because kids spend the entire time playing in the fountain. - It's Sugar - this is the candy of all candy shops. Between the bowls full of loose candy, to the rows of M & Ms in every color, to the novelty candy such as over-sized gummy bears, this store has everything in the candy-family imaginable.- Make Meaning - the perfect one-stop-shop for creative thinking! Here you can decorate your own pottery, plates, create candles, soap, jewelry, decorate cakes, etc. - Paper Source - crafter's delight! - Delicious restaurants including Brio, Sol Cocina, True Food, Dominique's, etc.  - Fun retail shops like Nike Town, the Apple store, Sephora, H & M, Kitty, Beach Bunny, West Elm, Pottery Barn, Express, etc.
4	the Quarter is nice. it's uptown scottdale. if you know what your getting into, then your good to go and you wont be disapointed. if you have no idea what i mean by "uptown scottsdale", then you wont like it. it's pricy and meant for shopping and dinning. dont forget about upstairs; thats where all the fun is at (ipick and Tanzy!). also, know that the valet you drop off at, must be the one you pick up at. i hate that. i want to drop it off at one of the 19 valet stands (all run by the same company) and pick up at any. wouldnt be difficult to do. but, alas, im an 'sdale snob. I'm going back to watching anthony bourdain now.
5	Great shops!!! Also great service through out!! Plus we saw Steve Nash here way nice!!!
3	Just not much shade when it's time to walk around in that AZ heat.  Love the Food Selections overall and the Lulu Lemon store.
3	Scottsdale Quarter is Scottsdale's version of cute urbanism. Located off Scottsdale Road a quarter of a mile south of Bell Road/ Frank Floyd Boulevard, it is an outdoor shopping mall that resembles a modern village.  Cruising on Scottsdale Road it is so easy to mistake Scottsdale Quarter for an Apple Store next to a few high end shops. Unlike  typical shopping centers, cute urbanism does not overdue it with advertising the stores to passing motorists. We discovered the Scottsdale Quarter on a walk from the Sleep Inn to the Apple Store.  I am more of a foodie than a shopper. In my case, Scottsdale Quarter is a nice place to go see a movie, sip a coffee in Press Coffee, people watch, and grab a bite to eat. Being a former New Yorker I was glad to see Grimaldi's Pizza.  Scottsdale Quarter is a good mall. It's strong points are people scale architecture, a nice park that features a fountain, and nice restaurants and shops. It's weak points are that it is a representation of a village without residential and a grocery store. Another weakness is that it is a representation of a pedestrian scale village that is primarily accessible by the automobile.  If I lived in Scottsdale, I would definitely return to Scottsdale Quarter. Being that I live in Las Vegas, I will remember Scottsdale Quarter when I visit their version of cute urbanism: Town Square.
4	This place has so much potential to be really awesome.  We enjoy coming here for the food and drink, but not so much for the shopping.  Here's a breakdown of this outdoor mall:+ Dominick's Steakhouse is housed here.  One of the best Steakhouses in Scottsdale.+ Apple Store, Tanzy, Brio, Sol Cantina...some of the places we enjoy at this mall.+ It's outdoor and walking around is pleasant.+ Convenient parking.  There are 2 large parking garages on opposite sides of the mall as well as a few valet options.  The street-side parking is often hard to find though, so it's not worth driving around looking for a space in my opinion.+ They have misters throughout the entire place to cool you off during the hot Summer months.My only complaints are that it is relatively small and that businesses go under quickly (see Narcisse, Prime Bar).Overall, it's a pretty cool place to hang out at.Return Factor - 95%
1	Things got ugly!!! 2 employees: 2 different stories. The customer service was lackluster yesterday, but reached epic EVIL today!! I was told by an employee I could exchange a shirt I bought on sale for my husband for store credit and less than 24 hours before and when I arrived today, the manager said, oh no it says on the receipt,  "all sales are final". I explained that I had spoken to 2 of her employees yesterday, one of whom said I COULD NOT return it and the other who said I COULD NOT return it for a refund BUT COULD RETURN it for a store credit or exchange. The size was slightly off, so I brought one of the shirts back to exchange it for some items I had looked at yesterday (in case I had to return the shirt). Amy, the manager refused the exchange saying "the policy is the policy." So when I explained to her that I was informed by HER EMPLOYEE something different she said, "I am not the owner, I don't make the policy" well, whoever the owner is, I hope you understand that is NOT the type of service that will earn my loyalty or that one might expect, especially in an upscale shopping center like the Scottsdale Quarter  (but really anywhere).  I work in customer service and I would NEVER have lost a customer for life over a 20 dollar sale exchange.  I dislike when managers don't stand behind their employees and won't do what is right for the customer. So unfortunately,  I would not shop there again and can't recommend it to anyone.
3	I work across the street and only walk to the Quarter if I feel I'm on top of my game. As a pedestrian, I've seen drivers blow through the solid red light in the crosswalk on Scottsdale Road many times. And, clearly the flashing red, which I believe means stop and proceed with caution, doesn't mean much either. So I feel a need to be psych, to play "Frogger" with the cars.  Getting into my car and driving three hundred yards doesn't seem to make any sense given the dearth of parking here. We like to come to the Quarter because of the HH at Brio and shopping at Pottery Barn. West Elm is an interesting twist on the same concept and I like to window shop inside the Apple store. Our family usually heads to H&M and Sephora next door, while I'm at my electronic toy store. We've hit a few of the restaurants. Coal Burger is now gone, but it was okay. The pizza is very good at Girmaldi's and the yogurt place on the corner is also good. The MiniBar-ber wasn't bad either and they give you a nice hair cut. I love the coffee at Press Roasters because it reminds me of the northwest.  We've haven't tried Restoration Hardware yet, since they moved across in their new incarnation of themselves. It's their third, if you are playing along at home. So, the Quarter for me is "A-OK", but I wouldn't call myself a fan
2	Wow.  This place is the epitome of Scottsdale douchyness.  They do have some great stores but try not to hang out here that much.  You don't want to lose touch with reality.
4	Love this place. could have better stores that are more known to people, unlike some that i've never even heard of before. wish there was more restaurants but i guess thats what Kierland is for right across the street. parking garages need to be bigger though, i'm always afraid i'm going to get hit in my car or my car is going to get hit while parked because of all the speedy drives that think they can just zip up and down and out of parking spots fast because they drive a nice car.
5	Very nice & awesome shopping with great restos....  Definitely worth a visit, valet parking available.  There is ample covered parking too, lots of spaces!  If you're a big Apple fan, this mall has one of the biggest Apple store in the valley!  Misters are available throughout to help cool off during the HOTzona months!  They have a fun area for little kids with water spouts in the courtyard.  I love most of the stores here with my favorites of course like Lululemon, Free People, H&M, Sephora, etc.  A variety of restaurants, from steaks to pizza to sushi to Italian and the Ipic theater.  What can I say...  Come here and enjoy and have fun, whatever your mood is!!!
3	I have been here a few times!  The parking gargage are CRAZY!!!  These drivers don't yield to pedestrians, they try to back into a space but they SUCK at driving, and they don't seem to know what a STOP sign is!!  Love the stores there but it is pain to look for restrooms.  And it is just too freaking HOT for the summer to be there.
3	Another great outdoor place to window shop in Scottsdale. If you're looking for good deals or sales, skip every place in Scottsdale.
3	High end stores for the high end Scottsdale folks.I myself go for happy hour deals, and shopping at some of the stores. The way the complex is built is easy to navigate and the parking garages is a great build. No worries about where to park!
4	Apparently developers have decided that the outdoor shopping mall is going to replace indoor malls, which is great when it's not summertime in Arizona. Even so the high (three story) buildings at Scottsdale Quarter provide enough shade that you can still go there in the heat.  While it's mostly national chains, it goes to four stars because of the inclusion of some local restaurants and the Valley's only Nike Store. It also includes one of two Lululemon stores in the Valley, an Apple store, plus chains like H & M, Urban Outfitters, and others.The parking garages at each end of the strip are convenient and spots are generally available although I'm sure they are crowded during the holidays.All in all, a nice shopping addition to North Scottsdale.
3	I can't be the only one that is extremely enraged whenever the Eddie V's valet guys put the sign in the middle of the road.Pros: Press Coffee, Grimaldis, True Food, C3 Kitchen, H&M, and Paper Source.Cons: That Eddie V's sign, Scottsdale moms trying to park their oversized SUVs, the basement garages, the crosswalk across Scottsdale road, the stores that we have at every other shopping center in Scottsdale (i.e. Bath & Body, Charlotte Russe, Buckle)
5	Beautiful outdoor shopping experience!
4	What a cute outdoor mall.  I don't know how it survives during the summer as it's so darn hot out outside, but yesterday was a cool 83 degrees with a breeze.  So we wanted to take advantage of the outdoors - plus the hubs needed to go the Apple store.  They have a lot of shops out there including H&M, Gap and Lulumon. Also some cute boutique shops.  And of course their dine-in theather, IPic is there, too.  They have a neat splash pad with kids running around.  Also plenty of restaurants.  It's also across the street from the Kierland Commons where they have plenty more restaurants and shops, too, if you can't find what you need at the Quarters.
1	I never write bad reviews, but I just couldn't help myself with this one.  They have a bunch of chain and some boutiquey type stores.   The only part I do love are the gorgeous palm trees and the sitting areas in the middle of the malls.   Other than that this place if for a bunch of snots, and show-and-gos.  I went to several stores and restaurants after it opened thinking it would get better. The last time I went, another customer dropped a heavy object on my foot in store and laughed with no concern and went back amongst her group of friends/family to further laugh, and the store employee asked if I was ok and did nothing.  I limped away, got an novacaine injection in my foot later because of the pain.  I will NEVER return to this douchey overpriced, snob shop place. This goes to show the type who hangs out here and loves to blow and spend spend spend their hard earned casholla to be oh so-hip and to be "seen."  No thanks for me.
4	I was introduced to Scottsdale Quarter by way of Taste of the Town, which holds their annual MDA fundraiser here.  It proved to be an excellent venue for an upscale evening full of food, drink, music and dancing, and some silent auction bidding.  The outdoor area is ideal for the Arizona fall weather, though I'm not sure I would do much window shopping during the day in the summer.Once I got my directionally-challenged brain wrapped around the parking garage orientation of SQ, I feel pretty good about leaving my car and being able to find my way around.  Tanzy/iPic has since become my most frequented destination,  but there are several great restaurants and enough shops to keep you busy.  Paper Source makes the crafter in me giddy, and I like to window shop Lululemon.  If you can avoid the occasional snobbery that comes along with some of the clientele of upscale Scottsdale destinations, this shopping center offers a little bit of everything, and has enough unique businesses to keep me coming back.
3	Parking here is not fun, especially in the hot months of summer. For the amount of cash dropped at some of these boutique stores and eateries, I would think getting the $6 valet validated SOMEWHERE would be possible.....but, not that I've found as of this review  :/ The happy hours could be longer, some end at 6 and weekends are omitted (in THIS town?!), and the retailers could stay open a bit later for those of us who sipped on vino and now have loosened up our credit cards! Overall, the vibe is cool, the misters are cooler, and I will continue to suggest The Quarter as a meeting spot for our quarterly ladies' night. It still gets the job done!
3	This is an excellent place to walk around when the weather is right and there are plenty of dining choices in a variety of price ranges.  The shopping varies from Gap and Sephora, which are relatively moderately prices depending on what you buy - to pricier places like Restoration Hardware, West Elm and of course an Apple store (which in its defense has some moderately priced products). The water feature in the center of the location is a hot spot for little ones to play.  They have misters throughout also which does help to keep you cool in the hot summer months.  The only negatives are the parking garages where it can be a bit touchy getting in and out with a few crazy drivers and it can be a bit of a walk from the garage to your destination if you are going somewhere in particular.  But we can all use a bit more walking in our lives right?Overall: B+There are lots of shopping venues to compete with in the Phoenix area, but this is definitely not a bad stop off if you are looking for one!
4	Ok, Scottsdale Quarter does have something unique to offer since they have the only West Elm and Restoration Hardware stores in the valley. Since I am in the market for a new couch, I love looking in these stores. There are a lot of really great restaurants in there as well so as long as the weather is nice, it's a great place to shop and hang out.
4	Scottsdale Quarter is a great place to hang out even if you only window shop and skip out on the expensive restaurants. I usually have my little one in tow with me so I come here to get some fresh air. First off, hey Mommys out there, this place has 2 amazing family restrooms! Both are equipped with a nursing area with low lighting, changing station and separate toilet. They are always clean, so it's actually a pleasant experience if you have to change a diaper etc. I find the fountain area to be peaceful and like to watch the kiddos running around in the water.  If your looking for a less expensive place to eat here try out the new C3 Kitchen. I have grabbed lunch here many times for around $8. My favorite restaurant here has to be True Food Kitchen and Press for coffee.I agree that the parking is awful, but I'm the sort who will drive around until I find a spot, which is probably a complete waste of time because they have 2 parking garages, but I do it anyways.
5	This is such a great shopping center, tons of good store. And did I mention that it is beautifully decorated and even better at the holidays? Love just going here in a date on the weekends with the hubby, lots of good places to eat including true foods and then walking around listing to the live music they have on the weekends. Also has pottery barn and restoration hardware to give you plenty of ideas for home decorating.
2	If there was a place I'd reenact the scene  from pretty woman where they snob her out of the store and she comes back and says "BIG MISTAKE!" It would be in one of these stores. You shouldn't judge customers by the cover, you end up losing business.
5	A great place to shop and eat. So many varieties of clothing and foods that this is the ultimate place to stop. If you hate shopping in malls then you will agree with shopping here. Free people, lulu lemon, ipic, and much more. Eddie V's, Dominic's, and Sol are a few of the great restaurants located there.
5	I love the quarter! Especially the nike store
5	I love the Scottsdale Quarter, they have it all! Restaurants, shopping and HELLO, a candy store! Great place to shop or if you have visitors, great place to take them. Love the area for the kids to play in the water on a hot summers day. Overall atmosphere is just wonderful!!If you haven't been, go to the Scottsdale Quarter. It's beautiful!
4	Scottsdale Quarter is a new outdoor shopping mall in North Scottsdale.  Featuring shops such as a massive Restoration Hardware, West Elm, Apple, Sephora, Gap and more.  There are also a range of restaurants and services, such as a blow dry bar and Dominick's steakhouse (to die for - separately reviewed).The only thing I dislike about this shopping area is the parking.  I've found it tricky to find a parking spot, let alone park a large SUV.
5	Great shops. First class outdoor mall. Love the Nike  store. Kids love the fountain area in the Summer when it gets hot.
2	Ugh, this place never fails to annoy me in some way.  First, the parking is always a zoo.  There is some street-level parking, but very little, so you mostly have to use the parking structures.  Even if you just need to dash in to grab something, like an online pre-order, you often find the 5-minute loading zones to be taken.  I've seen cars in there for over an hour.  And then the valets will often cone off a bunch of premium spaces for their high-tipping customers.Of course, everything in here has to be over-priced to pay for the high cost of being in a mall like this.And the people...avoid this during the day mid-week, when the unemployed kept women flood the place with their attitude and pretentiousness.  Or go and sit by the fountain and enjoy it.  You could play a good game of one-up bingo listening to them compete with each other for most pretentious story and show of wealth.I only come here now if someone insists on a meeting at one of the restaurants and I can't talk them out of it.Well, iPic is a really cool theatre experience.  At least if you go late on Sunday the parking is alright.
4	Always a great place to go for the latest styles in fashion. Very upscale. It's never overly crowded.Five star dining on-site.
4	So I come here for 3 things: the splash pad, Menchie's, and H&M. Oh, and I have been to the Apple Store also, so I guess 4 things. The splash pad is awesome for the kiddos because it is nice and shaded by huge palm trees. There is a nice blend of retail clothing shops, jewelry stores, restaurants, and specialty stores to keep most people happy. A few other fun places are Make Meaning and iPic if you really want something special. Nice misters make the hot summer days a bit cooler. It is like a street taken out of Beverly Hills and transplanted into the middle of Scottsdale.
5	Favorite shopping mall in phoenix area. The reason being is: when the weather is nice and permitting, it's beautiful and serene.My son loves tuning around on the grassy area and in the sprinklers.They have great shopping like H&M, Gap, Nike, Urban Outfitters. Home stores: Pottery Barn, Restoration Hardware, Bath & Body Works. But best of all is definitely food options. I haven't had a chance to try much at all being celiac and special diet but I have been to a few places and crave all the rest.True Food Kitchen is great for healthy and dietary restrictive options. Menchie's frozen yogurt, great for the whole family. Lots of other options including many fine dining, steakhouse etc. They also have a section across Scottsdale Rd which included Barnes & Noble, The Cheesecake Factory and much more. I recommend shopping here just for the view and atmosphere.They have 2 parking lots on each side of the mall and valet if you wish. Conveniently located off Bell Rd & Greenway and minutes from the 101.
5	This is my number one stop to get a quick shopping fix, especially when I don't want to explore fashion square mall for my entire day. I feel like I get more stressed out trying to figure out my GPS location at fashion square than I do actually enjoy the shopping. Now, Scottsdale quarter is fully outdoors, so if it's BLISTERING heat outside, it might not be your favorite place to be.Although on fall nights it's my favorite place to get a bite to eat and spend some of the money that I definitely don't have.Also I believe during some seasons they do concerts in the park, plus H&M and Apple are right next to each other so I don't have to walk much when I am here. And want a cup of coffee to keep you going? Pressed coffee is a straight gift from god. Everytime!
5	This place is awesome. It's super convenient and the stores are amazing. The staff of the quarter itself are extremely friendly and helpful. Once you get a hang of the parking it's even more amazing. They are expanding and can't wait to see what else will be here.
5	Now that the weather has cooled off this us my #1 venue. Good selection of shops, Sephora, Forever 21, H&M and many speciality small stores I have yet to explore. Love to browse at Pottery Barn and Restoration Hardware, Tks Urban Tavern has good food. There is a band playing some Saturday evenings. Great addition for North Scottsdale.
4	I love Scottsdale Quarter. It is beautiful. It is full of great food!! I love to see the cars people bring out to park if you go.. True Food.. Then there is Zin Burger ( you haven't lived until you've Zinned) I could go on and on just about the food but......... Go to IPIC. My favorite place to see a movie. Blanket & pillow.. Big recliner.. Not to mention my server to bring me what ever my heart desires. Oh free popcorn and sodas. Gotta go.. Think I have time to catch a moive
4	Superb area for a day of shopping, a movie, and noshingI'm an admitted fan of Scottsdale Quarter due to the cool blend of businesses they have. My wife and I occasionally make it a special when our girls are in school and we happen to have to vacation time we need to burn.The iPic is on the east part of the campus that stretches across N Scottsdale Rd. On the west end is the Westin Kierland. In between are tons of shops, excellent dining, ice cream, common areas with water features, and even music lounges. Heck, for Christmas, there is even a horse and carriage decked out for the holidays like in New York!You'll enjoy the experience. People even live there as part of the mixed-use, neo-urbanism neighborhood. design. That gives a cool 24-hour vibe.Only knocks: 1) It is less fun during the summer heat as the SQ is an outdoor mall;2) There are some snooty people around that are really impressed with themselves, their ungodly expensive cars, and their rich attire with jewelry (you catch some complaints that a truly first-world problems-- e.g., "the spa wasn't relaxing and should have paid me to go this morning" and "Lulu did a poor yoga class this morning and they need to hire people at [some place I don't know]"; and3) The Apple store there is still the worst one for service in Phoenix-metro. I think the snootiness rubbed off on them.Taken as a whole, still an exceptional entertainment-eat-relax spot. The experience is one of the best in the region.
3	I love a lot about this mall but unfortunately a few main topics make this a 3 star review and not a 4 or 5 star review.  The Good:- Variety of stores- The size of each storeI LOVE the stores at the Scottsdale Quarter.  One of my favorites is the stand alone Kendra Scott store which I didn't know existed until just a few days ago.  Along with the KS store they also have multiple other small jewelry and clothing stores, kids stores, and restaurants.  I could spend at least 2 hours going through every store.  The Bad: - Parking (yes although they have a parking garage)- The unsafe crossing areas Parking here is a nightmare if you're coming on a Saturday.  Although they have a garage I've found that it is often full and you have to drive to the 3rd level to get  a spot.  If it were just parking that was frustrating this would be a 4 star review because otherwise I love this place.  What makes me the most frustrated is the lack of safe, efficient cross walks for pedestrians.  The best example is by the Apple store across from the restaurant-  which I'm forgetting the name now but I think it's True Food?  Anyway, that area is a hugely popular area for foot and car traffic however it does not have a clearly marked crosswalk OR a clearly defined stopping area for cars.  Gahhh! We had to run across this road a few times and were mad at the cars who almost didn't stop for us but then understood it when we were driving through that area and constantly had to stop for pedestrians!  Overall, I do love this mall but really wish they would put a little more effort into the logistics of parking and safety of pedestrians.
