5	New bakery just opens in squirell hill.  Delicious and feasible single serve desserts. Will add more but safe to say this place is a hit.
5	If you are looking for delicious fluffy buns, this is the place. I tried about six different buns and they were sweet but not overly sweet. They have a very nice selection of many different flavors. My favorites were the red bean paste, the one with almonds and the hotdog one. They even have breakfast buns with ham and cheese. They also have pastries that I plan on trying next time I go. This would be a great place to stop by on your way to school or work. Their customer service is great. The people at the front greet you warmly and are very helpful.
5	Pink box is brand new in what is quickly becoming a very crowded bakery rich stretch on Murray ave.Pink box is a Chinese bakery with lots of buns.We a each got one. One was like frosting covered and the other was cream filled.  All that and they have a cookies and more traditional desserts.I haven't had anything bad from here yet.
3	Pittsburgh finally has it's own Chinese pastry bakery. I've been craving custard buns, roasted pork buns, and pineapple buns since I've come here to live and Pink Box is the answer. The bakery's format is exactly like Chinese bakeries. To select what you want, you grab a tray and tongs and go to each station to see whether that particular baked good piques your interest. I would say they have a nice selection of baked goods and stay true to the Chinese-style. I ended up getting the roasted pork puff pastry and pineapple bun. My main complaint would be the cost of each baked good. The pineapple bun was $1.75 which is more expensive than most of the places I've been to in NYC. As a far warning, there is a $10 minimum to use a credit card.The roasted pork puff pastry was alright. The puff pastry was too dense but the roasted pork was on point. I have yet to try the pineapple bun and am looking forward to it. They have more options I would like to try before I permanently rate this place so stay tuned!
4	I needed a birthday cake  and came across Pink Box on Yelp so decided to check them out.  (I live nearby but  somehow missed noticing  a new bakery in my neighborhood.)  The owner and staff were welcoming and informative and the cake was as delicious as it was beautiful.  I'll be back to try more of their offerings!
3	Pink box has a nice assortment of buns and other pastries for a Chinese bakery located in Pittsburgh. I got the strawberry bun, a slice of lychee cake and coconut bread. The lychee cake was just a tad too sweet for my taste but otherwise very moist and fresh. I made french toast with the coconut bread and WOW! I will be back to buy more it! The strawberry bun was nice, not too sweet but also buttery.
5	I love that there is a Taiwanese bakery in Pittsburgh now. I always stock up on Chinese pastries when I visit family in NYC or Boston, which are pretty similar. When I ran across this place this morning I was so excited that I went right in even though I had stopped at another bakery just moments before. The workers were all getting ready for the day; one decorating a cake and another preparing something in the back. I was pleasantly greeted by a girl and chatted with her a bit. They didn't have a lot of options yet because they had just opened  but they did have a few freshly baked buns on racks. I got a pineapple bun and a bun with hot dog and green onion. They were fresh out of the oven and still pretty hot. I couldn't wait to go home to try one so I sat down at the little table outside and ate the hot dog bun. The bread was light and fluffy and it was even better than the generic hotdog buns I am use to from Boston or NYC. I ate the pineapple bun later for lunch and the bread was also light and fluffy with a hint of sweetness. The pineapple topping was not the typical Chinese crust. It was much lighter but still very pleasant. I will definitely be back to try more things!
5	Mmmmmm so delicious. I was so excited to hear about a new chinese bakery in town and they did not disappoint! I tried two different buns and the lotus moon cakes, all very good but the lotus moon cakes were INCREDIBLE. There are also a variety of non-chinese bakery items that looked delectable as well. Pricing is ok - not the cheapest but worth the quality of their food. Will most definitely be returning to try out more items!
1	Bought three pastries here. One of them was good, service was a little sketchy, I'm pretty sure the lady at the register pulled a Houdini and double charged us 7 dollars. Authentic taste, but I want my money back #wheredembands
4	I can't say enough about the service here!  I actually stopped in for regular bakery bread, because I saw "bread" advertised on their window.  When I realized that it was a Chinese bakery, I got a tad bit giddy.  A guy came right over to me and pointed out what was what, and which items were popular, etc.  I chose a pork bun, and a red bean bun (which I haven't had since I was in Taiwan).  Both were really tasty!  Yes, some of the items are on the "pricey" end.  But, what do you expect from a place that A. has zero competition as far as I know, and B. is paying Squirrel Hill rent?  I've had similar quality (but slightly bigger and less expensive) buns at the Vietnamese bakery in Philly's Chinatown.  However, the fact that it is now possible to get this treat in the 'Burgh is worth paying a little extra.  I'll definitely be back soon.
4	I got a piece of mango cake and a pineapple bun for my manfriend and I.  Needless to say I ate both..lol so good. The pineapple bun is perfection.
4	Good, but more expensive than Sumi's Cakery and Bubble Pi down the street. Might return for a more special occasion, but it's too expensive to visit regularly. We tried:Moon cakes with egg yolk (flaky non-traditional kind) - really goodCheese w/ hot dog and green onion w/ hot dog buns - goodPineapple bun - ok
4	Wow! I did not think that I would see the day where there would be a Chinese bakery in Pittsburgh tho most likely because of lack of competition and volume compared to other big cities they charge the prices they do. A friend suggested we try Pink Box Bakery Cafe. I hesitated this round to try my favorites but settled on a pork and chive bun at the suggestion of the staff, who are friendly. It was tasty!! My friend was happy with her ham and cheese bun. I'll be back for more - maybe try my beloved egg tarts and sweet bun - though there is a $10 minimum with the credit card and they don't offer tap water (no cups). They will have moon cakes though! Will keep that in mind for the festivals next year. There was seating outside but otherwise no where to sit inside.
4	The only proper Asian bakery in all of Pittsburgh! It's definitely pricey, but I have no limit to how much I will spend on sweets, and especially Asian goodies.  Egg tarts and hands down my favorite dessert and the ones here are passable.  I've tried everything here it seems and I've decided:-I don't like their red bean products-I don't like their taro products-I don't like their moon cakes-I like their cream pastries-I love their almond flaky bread and will get it every time
4	Awesome n fresh stuff.. N I like d timings too.. Unlike a lota pastry shops I found in Pittsburgh they don't close at 3 pm!
5	Give me a minute to collect my thoughts because Pink Box Bakery just blew my mind.The store front with it's bright pink covering is enough to invoke one's curiosity.  Stepping into the bakery you are graciously greeted by the employees, who, if you ask, will delightedly tell you about any of their sweet and savory offerings.  Pink Box Bakery has a variety of flavored buns. This time I got a ham and cheese bun and a pineapple cream bun.  They were both delicious! And I can't get over the prices!  You'll pay between $1.75 and $2.50 for just about any bun!
2	I was disappointed with my first trip here and decided to give it another shot so I stopped in for a couple treats.  The cakes were wonderfully presented and looked delicious.  They're on the smaller side so I picked up 3 for my companion and I.  The white chocolate mousse cake was EXTREMELY sweet, to the point neither of us could take more than 2 bites, and I LOVE sweets.  I don't think I've ever said something was too sweet.  We had to throw the rest of it away.  We got the cheesecake as well which was ok, nothing special.  Our final dessert was the tiramisu which had a bottom that tasted chalky.  We ended up throwing it away too.  The presentation is wonderful but deceptive, imo
3	If I had reviewed Pink Box after the first five timesI had gone there, I would have given them five stars, but I've had a few incidences that dropped my opinion a bit. If I could give them 3.5 stars I would. All of their macarons are delicious. I have unfortunately been given the wrong flavor macaron more than once. Both times I was given lemon instead of vanilla and both times it was an unpleasant surprise. The lemon macarons are good, but not a good replacement for vanilla.The roll cakes I've tried have not been great and I did not really like my coconut pastry, BUT there are a bunch of other desserts I have tried and enjoyed:-The bread (both bean and chocolate)-All of the taro products-Shortbread cookies-Almond flak pastry-Fruit tart -Almond brittleThe people who own/work there are also usually really helpful and sweet.
5	Really good bakery. It's asian themed, so some of the items were a little unfamiliar. But I gave a few a try, like the custard tart and pork bun, which were both really good. I will definitely be back. Added bonus, most things are individually wrapped which makes it really easy to take to work/school.
4	Came here for a late night sweets run the other day and was pleasantly surprised. When I first heard an Asian bakery was opening in squirrel hill I had my doubts but this place is the real deal.The strawberry shortcake and chocolate cake were my favorites followed by the mocha cake. Definitely planning on using that shortcake as a birthday cake!All these cakes were fluffy, light, not too sweet, and flavorful I was a bit disappointed by the matcha cake, it was quite dry and blocky. Overall quite good, I want to try the Black Forest and taro cake at some point. Bought a ham and cheese bun to eat for breakfast the next day which was yummy as well.
4	Pittsburgh has a fruit tart shortage.  I do not understand why because fruit tarts are what heaven is made of.  So after a desperate search one night, I discovered Pink Box has Asian and European baked goods!  Score!The blueberry fruit tart ($3) was PACKED with blueberries.  More than I have ever received on a fruit tart, and they were perfectly ripe.  The custard in the tart was the perfect amount of sweetness, and they used graham cracker crust for the tart, my favorite!  This fruit tart was awesome.  But I spent less on pastries when I lived in NYC than here, which makes me cringe.The staff was super super super friendly and made recommendations and explained things, which was awesome.I really need to get back here and test out the Asian and other desserts!
4	Delightful. All the classics of Asian baked goods. We had a range of goodies: topping the list were the scallion bun, the ham, cheese and onion bun, and the thick cut perfectly square bread loaf. Which were all excellent. The egg custard was good, not great. Looking forward to an even larger selection of options as they grow.
