4	Generally friendly baristas and pretty generous with the "extra whip".  Drinks are made well for the most part, not weighing too much on the occasionally watery chai tea. They are pretty quick, even during a rush, but once in awhile they give me the wrong kind of scone. Overall though, they get it right, make it tasty, and are always smiling. *thumbs up*
4	This was my first stop at this Starbucks.  It was very busy but orders moved along quickly.  Friendly, efficient baristas and cashier staff made the experience a good one.  This is one less Starbucks I need to visit to get to all of them in the Las Vegas Valley.
4	It's a Starbucks...what more can I say about it???  I got their Shaken Ice Tea with the passion fruit.  Very tasty.  It's a really good summer drink.  You can't go wrong with coffee from Starbucks...they've got it down to a science...consistent drinks, average prices and fast service.  This is a really good location...and has a drive thru for added convenience.  Has outdoor seating and is close to my house...I'm sure we'll be back here with our dogs!
3	Ran in here with my friend right before closing so she could use their free wi-fi. We didn't buy anything and they practically swept us out so overall I can only base it on my 5 minute experience and it was satisfactory. I'm not a fan of any Starbucks but it was nice that they were open late and let us sit in there using their wi-fi without buying anything...or maybe they didn't notice =/
4	Great starbucks location located south of the strip right on LV Blvd. Conveniently located next to a CVS and other fast food. Good service, quick turnaround... the coffee seemed better here somehow... maybe 'cause it's Vegas. ;-)
5	This Starbucks is near my workplace so I'm always here. The staff is always friendly, the quality is always where it should be, and the service is very prompt and accurate. Most Starbucks around the city can get rather packed but this one isn't that bad. 90% of the time I find a place to sit and play with my iPad. The manager, Adam, is very attentive to what's going on in his store and when something doesn't go the customer's way, he will try fix it so the customer leaves happy. I'll keep coming to this Starbucks for a looong time for my good ol' green tea latte's. PS. I asked my Lovely girlfriend out at this special coffee shop.
4	Coffee's good, but super expensive since its on the strip.  They do make a delish iced white chocolate nonfat mocha though.
3	Starbucks is Starbucks.  Place was clean and my drink was made correctly.  Stopped by because is was next to CVS.
5	I'm a regular here, and its a good location, clean, nice service and overall leaves me wanting more Starbucks. Mission accomplished.
3	Ok service. This store is still obviously confused by the corporate mandated changes in their internal process. There was a line the whole time. The service was rushed and I couldn't say that it was friendly.
5	The Baristas rock here! I stop in on my way to work and they are always so happy and caffeinated.  Super friendly staff!
4	The baristas are friendly and I usually have a table to study at for hours though it can get busy around noon. The music is loud and not to my taste, and sometimes they don't have the panini I prefer, but all in all, a good place.
4	This Starbucks is great!! It can get quite packed, both drive thru and in store, but they have such a great team which seems to have it down to a method so that they get you in and out as fast as they can and with great drinks! Definitely a great team of people, they are always kind and friendly.  I love this location since it is so close to my home, as well as on my way to work and anywhere else!
4	This is my neighborhood Starbucks. I usually stop by a few times a week on my way to work.Drive thru is pretty quick except for the occasional busy morning, and then it is faster to run in.Friendly staff.
1	I always give this Starbucks the benefit of the doubt! Its my go-to when I need to go to work but today I stopped by on my day off around 8:30AM. The drive thru's are always ridiculously long (up to 15 min wait sometimes) so I decided to order inside. I order a grande light white mocha/hot and they give me a small mocha frappe. Mistakes happen sure- but they made it seem like it was my fault they messed up. Plus not one of the 5 people working there today  apologize for the length of time I had been waiting. Once the barista gave me my correct drink, I said Thank You and barely even looked at me. Way to go on your customer service Starbucks. Never ever going to this location EVER!
1	Why do I even bother coming back here? Their green tea latte tastes gritty from the  powder they refuse to blend. Keep forgetting that this is the one location I have to order a chai latte instead since they have no clue on how to blend the free tea latte. Seriously if you can't make it right, take it off the menu.
5	This is a really fast Starbucks with a drive thru. The baristas are really friendly and even gave me directions, as I am new in town. Make you sure you try the seasonal blend. It tastes really good. My new favorite Starbucks.
1	Nothing bugs me more than paying for an expensive coffee and it not being made right!!! I gave this Starbucks more than 3 chances and they failed me.  I just moved to Vegas and I was happy to see a drive thru Starbucks right up the street but I now drive the extra mile up the road to the walkin Starbucks, because this place is HORRIBLE. MY drink had tasted like straight sugar even when I ask for extra Coffee.  When I called the first time to explain that I wanted a replacement the manager insisted I bring the drink back even if I go the next day. WHAAAAT? ummm ridiculous!!!  Bring the same drink back a day later???? Yes!!! Crazy. My wait in line is always 15 minutes or more. And when I get to the window they are not friendly or welcoming, never say hello just ask for the total. Oh and they always look very social inside. Maybe they should focus on making a proper drink!!! I would rather have McDonalds coffee then go here again!!!!!
3	As I was heading home to LA, I wanted some coffee. This Starbucks is convenient and just south of the Strip. However, they have the world's slowest service here! I don't know if it was because of the crazy drinks people were ordering or if it was the hired help.
4	Hilarious drive thru girls. They were making party line jokes and cracked us up.  Refreshing when tired road tripping.Even though it was busy it moved quickly and our drinks were exactly as ordered. I'd give them one more star if they had a double drive thru so it would go even faster.
2	SLOWEST STARBUCKS EVER. I can't stand that this is the closest location to my house. I'm a former partner so I totally understand lines and wait times and I always end up waiting for way too long here.
5	Fast and clean service and outside seating is perfect to snob it up like a preppie and fresh air and clean area.... Great place for a cup coffee any time of the day.....! Cause I said so...... And never tell a guy with out a neck that he's wrong .....;) lol have a great day !!!!! Yo
1	Fourth visit and fourth time they get my order wrong.  I can't wait to use up this gift card.  Expressso seems so weak, almost watered down.  Light ice here must mean 3/4 cup filled.   I'm about to give this gift card away.  One star for at least the server smiles and apologizes for the numerous mistakes they make
1	The worse drive through ever. If you want to wait 20 mins in line come here. I can see this maybe happening here and there. But out of 8 times I've been here only one time in which  I did not have to wait less then 5 mins. Just got to the screen 14 mins after waiting. So another 5 mins and hopefully I will be out of here.
1	I went there today to order the green tea latte. I got it recommend by my friends. The taste is pretty good, but I don't like the customer service. It was the worst one ever. The guy who took my order his name is Louie. My husband ask " can I have a green tea latte" and he said " green tea frappuccino?" Then I told my husband that I think it not that kind, because I wasn't sure it's the right flavor. Then he said "ok thank you, I wait for you at the window" I was so surprise. We haven't finished the order yet, and he didn't ask the size for my drink. Later, we gotta pay for the large one. It piss me off. Such a bad customer service here. I never gonna come back again.
3	I've been here maybe twice since living on this side of town.  I've never been a huge Starbucks person even though I spent half of my life in Seattle lol oh well.  I got .10 off for bringing my own coffee cup, but I like just paying a flat .99 for a refill where I usually go.  There's not much I can elaborate on since I'm more of the house coffee type or black coffee in general without all the loaded sugars and syrups, but I will indulge every once in awhile.  Ooops back to my review..it's in a good location for me.
3	I would normally give Starbuck's 5 stars, I mean c'mon, it's Starbucks. But this location REALLY needs to work on its "Food with beverage" system. TWICE now they've made me late for work because they got me my coffee but forgot my goddamn croissant. They ask if you want it warmed up, and I always say yes. Usually takes just a couple minutes. Once I sat in the drive-thru for 10 minutes while they tried to find it and then had to make a new one. I'm sure the 6 cars behind me LOVED that. I mean WTF, people. It's a goddamn croissant, stick it in the oven for a minute and hand it over, or if that's too difficult just put it in a bag and I'll microwave it at work.I'm fuming as I write this because I HATE being late for work. The line today for both drive-thru and inside were at least 10 people deep. I ordered regular coffee instead of a latte because I knew it would take forever. Got the croissant as a last-minute whim (What? I love croissants and having it stare at me from the case while I waited to place an order made it impossible to resist) and he asked if I wanted it warm. I asked how long, and he said just a minute. So I got my regular coffee and went over to put cream in it thinking I'm making good time. 5 minutes go by, I'm starting to pace because now I have to rush to work. Another 5 and then the people after me with 3 kids gets their breakfast sandwiches. WHAT THE $*%&. The guy goes, are you waiting for something? I said, YES a croissant for like 10 minutes. I'm in a  goddamn hurry. JESUS. I see him go back there and stick it in the oven for 15 seconds and stick it in a bag and bring it over, which just PISSES me off even more KNOWING I've been wasting 10 minutes for a stupid effing croissant.I get to work 2 minutes late. Granted that doesn't seem like a big deal to most people but that's not the case for where I work. Late is late and it is NOT okay. $&*(^#%#*(&^$* EFF YOU Starbucks for the shitty start to my day!
4	I visit this location almost every single day, and have noticed over the last few weeks they have really picked up the pace. I swear for five months straight I would have to wait ten minutes in the drive through each time. But they have really sped things up. With that being said my order is always correct and all the baristas have great customer service.
2	Well i try to avoid this starbucks at all possible but its the one closest to my house so i dont really have a choice. I will say that morning crew is better than the evening crew. Esp going thru the drive thru. I say this because this past evening there was an episode where they took soo long with the order that alot of ppl were also complaining. granted there was only 3 ppl working from what i saw. Shouldnt Starbuck know how to staff ppl at appropriate hours of the day?
1	This is by far the WORST Starbucks that I kno of... I've never sat in a line so long before just got a coffee.... I was in line for over 20 mins a few times and they never say thanks for waiting how may I take your order they just go straight into ordering.. So I said when I approached the window what's the hold up...?? And the guy said well we only have three people working..... If it's busy then just hire more people you kno???? My gosh it's horrible horrible horrible.....
4	Some companies perfect their products and deliver the best consistently. This is the company. There are other large key competitors, but I think Starbucks set the standard in the industry.This particular location is just a few miles from the strip so it's not that busy. Service was quick and the coffee was great.They have limited seating here, but also have a drive through. Not to mention, you'll see some "interesting" people come in and go out!  ;P
5	Wow this store is a top stop for my family. The staff is always super nice and very quick to make your drink. We are Starbucks lovers and this store is top notch.
3	I'm waiting for my drink but I can't believe this location is full of flies! At around 2pm on a Monday not even crazy busy, this Starbucks location was a bit messy attracting flies. So if your planning to sit down and enjoy a cup of your fav beverage be ware of company! Other than that. Ok beverages! It's Starbucks.
2	I usually come here often and I just came to get a quick bite and some coffee before I headed to a trip to California. When we ordered our food the cashier was extremely nice and listened very well. But it took forever to get our drinks and food and all they had to do was heat it up and add ice in some iced tea? Also there was MANY flies flying everywhere.
4	Nice spot
3	Come to this location quite a bit since its on my way to work. Just like other locations it's pretty busy at certain times like at twelve during lunch or around 3 to 4 when people are getting off work Or going to a closing shift. Today, they weren't so good. Pretty slow drive thru. Waited 15 plus minutes, that's just sitting after we paid, for 3 simple drinks and looking back at the line, it was pretty long. They shouldn't put a new person to handle orders at drive thru and make drinks. Put the faster more experienced people on.
4	For the most part this is a great location. I've been coming to this one, as well as frequenting many others, for years. And, although some of the employees (Serena for example), who have also been here for years, who have served me dozens of times yet still don't seem to know my name, or have the time to say hello (or even make eye contact) and don't thank me when delivering the drink, as I do for them, most of the employees provide top notch service. Robert, RJ and Andrea are always welcoming and provide great service on the night shift. During the day, lately it has been Miranda who has done an exemplary job providing a warm smile and a welcoming energy while providing quick and efficient service that leaves little room for mistakes. This is a very big and fast location so I know it can get busy and overwhelming for the staff at times. That, and the fact that there exists employees at this shop that will go the extra mile for you with a smile, is why they collectively get a four stars. I read in previous reviews about a fly problem during the summer months and I tend to agree. I think district management can do a better job providing this store with the tools to solve this issue as it is a problem that can be remedied.
1	Worst Starbucks I have ever been to in my life. Customer service is horrible. Waited 20 min for 2 cafe espresso frappes ... It was not busy might I add. When I finally asked the cashier about my drinks she didn't even answer me in a thoughtful way instead proceeded to respond by saying they were out of the whip and swirl that goes on those which she had already informed me. I told her to put any other whip and swirl no big deal. No one had even started my drinks. Everyone looked uninterested and unapologetic. Need I say more.... I'll pay extra money for my drinks inside the Starbucks At planet Hollywood before returning here.
1	I go to many starbucks around town and this one by far is the slowest and worst in town.  I am happy I am moving to the westside and never have to go to this place ever again.
2	If you come here on a weekday morning on your way to work, make sure you have plenty of time. This place is full of tourists from nearby timeshare resorts making their morning coffee run. They order drinks and breakfast for themselves and their entire party of eight waiting back at the timeshare. The staff can't seem to keep up with all the orders. Every time I've gone in there, I've waited more than 10 minutes for my order. And all I ordered was an iced coffee. If you are a local or on a schedule, I'd suggest getting your caffeine fix somewhere else.
5	Best indoor service! Vanessa and Miranda are sweetie! Drive thru is always busy! Go after 1 pm and it quiets down
3	Came here with some friends for a good cup of coffee. The barista at the cashier was  very talkative even though we weren't ready for a lengthy conversation. We were a bit nervous about making the people behind us angry.  The drinks were ok and the stations were dirty also they didn't have any chocolate chip cookies
