1	Usually we like Salty's but when we went there for a fun Saturday Cinco De Mayo party. Our day went from fun to totally grossed out!!!!They had these plastic yard glasses that they were selling for $5,so if you pay the extra $$$ and you get to keep the glass. Well apparently they didn't order enough, and they were telling the bus boys they need to try and collect them if they could. Now I'm all about helping some one out in need. That is if they ask me nicely....BUT.......there was this little punk a$$ bus boy that wasn't even asking if we would give them up, he was trying to just take them off our table. Rule #1 DON'T TOUCH MY BEER. Rule #2 ASK ME NICELY IF YOU CAN TAKE MY STUFF FROM MYTABLE.Rule #3 DON'T MAKE RUDE COMMENTS ABOUT MY FRIENDS AND I WHEN WE SAY NO THANK YOU.See it's really not our problem you guys ran out. Call you beer vendor and ask him to bring you more. That's what you pay him for. So after a while some of us decided to mingle and see what they had going on in the blocked off parking, with the band and stuff.And who should we see rifling thru THE GARBAGE but that same bus boy looking for those green PLASTIC yard glasses!!!! I almost threw up my overpriced cheese quesadilia!! We could not believe it. We told the management what we saw, and hopefully it wasn't the same management that told him to do it. And they seemed less then interested.Instead of telling management I should have called the Board of Health. YUCK!!!!Think of it this way people, if they're pulling those plastic cups out of the trash to make more $$$$ what else are they pulling out of the trash to resale to make more $$$$. That is just Wrong and Nasty!!!Salty's you should really be ashamed of yourselves.
2	I would give it three stars, but I just didn't think it was "A-OK". Went here for some afternoon margaritas. House margarita with rock and salt was just ok. I have had worse, way worse, but I have also had better. If you would like to know what place is better see other reviews. Anyways, I sat at the bar with my guest and had a couple of margaritas and a couple of beers. She decided to get something to eat. Quesadilla. Pretty easy and consistent. They were cheap, which I liked( happy hour price). When they came out they sat in this salsa which was running. Problem, it made the bottom of the quesadilla soggy and not that great. Total for 3 house margaritas, 2 beers and 1 quesadilla was $25. It was happy hour though so I imagine dinner hours would be a little more expensive.Overall. Drinks were okay, but it is not hard to make a margarita, or take the top off a beer.
4	The chips and salsa here are dangerous, many an appetite has been dashed upon their craggy contours, so beware matey.  Arrrr.  I'm a pirate.  But yeah, the Salty kitchen in general has been good to me.  No complaints anytime that I've eaten here, but it's been too long for me to conjure up any specific details of what was good beside the chips and salsa.As for the margaritas, most of the time I'm already liquored up before I get here, so I'm probably not the most reliable judge.  I just remember that the last time I had one on an empty stomach, (and after drinking earlier) it flat out knocked me on my ass. I woke up the next morning on the bathroom floor next to the toilet bowl! haha.   That hasn't happened to me in a long time my friends.  So yes, I'll have to try a margarita at lunch sometime when I'm dead sober and report back. Moving along, it's no secret that I'm a fan of patios, but be careful here, some of the misters will drip drip drip all over the table.  The weekend night crowd is your 20s early 30s meat-market set, nothing particularly special here.  Lunch and dinner is more mixed.Two years ago, as far as I could tell this place was shit-hot on the weekends.  These days however, it seems that good portion of their business has been siphoned off by the Dos Gringos that opened up last year further down the road at Baseline & Greenfeld.   Could be the Gilbert Gestapo DUI nazis too, the economy, who knows.  I did spend Cinco de Mayo here in 2007, had an ok time.  Again I haven't been to the Salty on a weekend night for a while, so I'm not the best reference, anyone else want to weigh in?
3	I've been to all the valley Saltys, but choose to review this one as it is the one I most frequent due to the proximity to my house.First off, I learned early in my Saltys experience that this isn't really a place to go for good eats.  Mediocre at best.  I gave everything a chance and it's all just OK...nothing stands out, except for the habanero salsa that you have to specifically ask for when served chips and salsa (that you have to pay for, wtf?)   Probably one of the hottest in the valley, I absolutely love it.  The actual chips are pretty good too, when they're consistent.This particular Saltys quickly went the same route as its brethren, catering to 20 somethings (which I am)  looking for some ass (which I don't really mind, but just giving you an idea)  I know it's East Mesa, but it almost has a Scottsdale'y feel to it, especially on Fri and Sat nights...and that's why I kinda like it I think.  It's a good place to people watch without having to go to Old Town, or even Mill for that matter.  It's also a great place to day drink with cheap-ish beer.  Better than Dos Gringos in my opinion...not as uh, dirty feeling?Don't like it at all as a restaurant, but as a local watering hole, it's not bad.
1	After a day full of meetings, I gathered a friend, and we headed out to eat some Mexican. I had visions of chips/salsa, and margaritas. We headed to On the Border on Stapley near Baseline but found that this location had closed. Egads. Then we remembered The Salty Senorita across the street. And thus begins the saga. "Hi, are you here for happy hour?". We said no but were seated in the bar area anyway. At least we got a booth. Lucky us, huh? Joe "lots of product in his hair" brought us menus and took our drink orders. He was pushing a certain type of Tequila and I took the bait, with the stipulation "on the rocks with salt". My drink, and my friend's water arrived and we ordered. The chips and salsa AND our dinners arrived at the same time. .Really Joe product??? Chips with the meal? FYI, chips and salsa here aren't complimentary, you have to order and pay for them. It was then we noticed ants had taken over our table. At first we thought it was just a couple but noooooooo. My friend brought the ants to the attention of Joe product and he feigned concern but did not offer to sit us at another table. Now my friend is getting annoyed. It's hard to enjoy yourself when you are swashing ants off the table. Our booth was by a window but we didn't see any influx from the window of ants, so we're not sure where they are coming from, but they don't stop. Friend mentions it a second time, and then, again with feigned concern he offers to move us to a different table. By this time we are almost done eating and I just say let's finish and get the hell out of dodge. Our bill comes, we pay, and my friend asks for the manager. Hell, he's even younger than Joe Product and looks like he just woke up, thus we'll call him Bed Head. Bed Head offers to buy us a drink on the house? Really? That's your solution? He said he'd make sure other patrons aren't seated in this area. Egads, no thanks, we just wanted to leave. We weren't after free food, but the offer of 10% off or some kind of compensation for sharing our entire meal with ants would have been appreciated. A free drink? Hey,maybe one of those $60.00 margaritas would have made everything alright! As far as the food goes-I had the chicken antchiladas (get it, lol) with beans and rice and they were dry. I like my enchiladas with oodles of sauce and cheese, and these had very little sauce with a little design of sour cream on them. My friend had a steak and avocado salad. He said it was ok. This is a never return place for me.And a note to Joe Product-chips and salsa should have arrived WITH the drinks, and before the meal.Reflecting back, we were there on Earth day so perhaps having ants share our meal was relevant.The margarita gets a 7 out of 10 limes as it was pretty good.
3	For a nice Saturday afternoon lunch, we decided to give this Salty location a try.Perhaps because we were there on an afternoon, the place wasn't very busy at all....so, we had pretty good service.We were a little surprised that you have to pay for the chips & salsa.  Yes, they're good, but aren't they typically complementary? Our food orders ranged from chicken nuggets to mini-burgers to chicken chipotle tacos and pulled pork tacos with the coca-cola sauce.No complaints from us.  The food was good, our server was on the ball and no problems parking.As far as price ... yeah, it was a little much.  Perhaps a lunch menu with lower prices would have been nice.  Our bill was just about $50 for the 5 of us (remember, we had 2 kid meals at $5 each), so it was a little more than we like to spend for lunch.  Overall, it was a nice lunch, but we probably won't return anytime soon.
2	The family and I stopped in this afternoon (Saturday) and the place was pretty slow. It was my first trip to this location, though Ive been to the Scottsdale location on several occasions.The first thing I noticed is that this location is beautiful. From the two large bars to the outside patio I felt immediately comfortable and had flash backs of spending Spring Break in Cabo.Our server was gorgeous, just incredible. I cant recall her name but she reminded me of a younger, more attractive Thandie Newton. So within just a couple of minutes I was ready to give our visit 5 stars. Unfortunately things went south fast. After our server took the drink order she just disappeared for about 10 minutes. Since we had just come from playing miniature golf (in the middle of summer) the kids were very thirsty and this long departure made it very difficult for them... and us.She finally returned and took our order. That went pretty smooth. We didnt order anything unusual or "off the menu." My wife decided to have a Strawberry Margarita.Again the server disappeared, this time for over 20 minutes. So by this point we've been in the restaurant over half an hour and we still dont have our food and my wife never received her margarita... on a very slow Saturday afternoon.I caught the attention of a manager and asked him to refill our drinks and check on our food. He returned a couple moments later with our server in tow and food in hand. It looked good, but the plates were scorching hot and the food was lukewarm, which is usually a sign the food has been sitting in the expo window for a long time.The food tasted good, including my wife's chicken quesadilla... unfortunately she ordered a steak quesadilla. By this point we were just happy to have food so we didnt complain.The manager seemed very apologetic and offered us a free appetizer for our next trip, which isnt likely to ever happen at this location. I would have preferred a discount on the bill or maybe an offer of dessert but no luck.
5	great booze!!! and I love love love love love love the staff! food ok! hahaha
3	Great environment, great bartenders... just an OK placeto dine. I'd go to 4 stars if I were reviewing "a good time", but as such, 3 stars have it. I would have to say the best food is their fish tacos, but I haven't tried everything on the menu... so give it a shot.
4	I've only ever been here during the Iowa games and I sit at the bar so I guess that makes the differance.  I really enjoy watching the games here, everyone is so nice, although the servers don't seem as happy to be there as the rest of us but hey they had to get up at 8 on a Saturday morning so I don't really blame them as it's not their team.I can't wait for this upcoming season so hopefully it will a great year!
4	I think salty senoritas is going to be our new hot spot! The first time I met the guys there it was on a Saturday and it was a little overwhelming cause apparently it's a hawkeye bar. The fans are a little rude and out of control spraying beer everywhere, so double check to see if it's game day! But I went there last night for a company function and wow what a difference! It was packed, music was pumping, and employees were jamming! We started off at the bar and the girl bartender Ashley was great! She was hilarious and wonderful! We got 2 margs that she suggested, tequila soltice and kamodo dragon, and they were delicious! When we moved to our table we all shared happy hour apps which is such a great deal. After the meeting we went to say bye and thank you to the bartender and she informed us it was ladies night and a dj was about to start so we ended up stating and partying the night away! The best part was the manager made it a point to come by and thank us for our business! What an amazing atmosphere and friendly staff
1	I sigh as a write this....we went for food. It wasn't very good. It wasn't bad, just boring, overpriced, and salty. I suppose the name of the restaurant should've been an indicator.The pina colada was meh.I wished I was either at a dive Mexican restaurant or somewhere like El Zocalo. Anywhere would've been better really.It was irritating paying over forty dollars for two people for such a disappointing meal.  Next time I'll check Yelp first.
1	Totally disappointed here, people. Server forgot to input my order and the place wasn't even busy. I ended up getting the wrong order after a lengthy 40-minute wait. So the manager gives me a $2 coupon for my next visit. It's still sitting in my car. Not too generous on the pours... and the Malibu Pineapple was too watery. Definitely a downer in my book :(
3	The taco's are really good... and that's as far as it goes.  I had the lobster burrito the other day and it was awful.  It had the consistency of cottage cheese.  Not much lobster, either.  But, at least they had a ball game on to watch.
3	Came here for happy hour on a Thursday.  Was excited to find out about their margarita/manicure combo (such a fun & clever idea!) but then I didn't end up taking advantage of it.Had a couple margaritas (can't say they blew my mind) and tried some of their apps (tasty but nothing to write home about).  Best part was probably the salsa.  Mmmm. Love my salsa.  And theirs was good.  Smokey, my favorite.  And the chips were light, crisp and the perfect amount of saltiness.  Would come here again for chips/salsa & probably just stick to beer.  Not bad if you're in the area, but don't make a special trip.
1	I've been to this Salty Senorita three times to eat, and a few more with just the sole intention of getting drunk. After my most recent experience here, I can guarantee that I will not be eating here ever again, and it's highly unlikely that I'd be back to drink, either. Went in this past Sunday at about 3 in the afternoon with some friends, there were a total of maybe 20 people in the place, most of them posted up at the bar. Not busy whatsoever, which means there's no valid explanation as to why the service was so utterly slow. The salsa was bland (tried both the regular and the "hot"...which wasn't in any way), the food was overpriced for what you get, and what I got was the wrong order so I had to send it back (which I absolutely hate doing...I've seen "Waiting" a few times). Our waitress was as bland as the salsa, and the whole staff just seemed bored and annoyed that they were there. One of my friends who was starving didn't even finish half of his food, it was so awful, and when I finally got my order back the second time it was still not what I had asked for. At this point we just wanted to leave, so I gagged it down and we payed our bill, happy that this experience was finally over.
2	Came out with the wife and mom to watch the Iowa-Ball State game, and if you are an Iowa fan, this is a good place to catch a game. Lots of regulars and former Iowans.Pros:Many TVs. Good salsa, very smoky flavor. Cons: Many TVs lead to few conversations on any meaningful topic other than "the TVs are too loud" and "I can't hear you." Maybe this explains the roughly 30 minutes we did not see a waitress. It can't be though, as she was busy talking to her friends. You know the type. Early 20s, ASU student, lots of tats and a few piercings. I may be getting old (late 30s), and have some piercings myself, but get over yourself and do your job. Most of us old farts don't really care about what happened at the awesome party you were at the night before; in a month, she probably won't either.The chips soaked up every last ounce of oil. If you took a match to one, it would burst into flame. If you rubbed one on a piece of paper, you could see through the paper in roughly 2.4 seconds.
2	I used to love going to this restaurant when I moved here a year ago. The atmosphere is unique and the happy hour drink specials are great. However, the less I drink there, the more I notice how bad the service is. It takes forever to get someone to come to your table when you first get there. Then after that, it takes quite a while for them to come back Also, our servers were not nice. You could tell they didn't want to be there. And that happens about every time I go. Besides the service, the food is mediocre.I will be looking for a new place with cheap drinks and better service.
4	Great for happy hour!  THey also have all you can eat tacos for $5 every Friday.  Ask for Rich as a bartender.  He's the man.
5	It's been a year since I have been in and was stoked too see that our favorite bartender is still working here! Last night we gathered for a retirement party and Ashley took wonderful care of us! Have great bands here and makes any happy hour Friday enjoyable! Ashley gave us samples of the confession and we loved them so ended up drinking the night away with those! Thanks saltys staff for making our night memorable!
2	Salty Senorita in Scottsdale... mexican food, football on flat screens, outdoor seating, margaritas!  Kinda sounds like a little piece of heaven to me?  What's not to like, right?The horrible service.  You might have read the other reviews.  You might be asking yourself if it's really all that bad?  The answer is yes it is.  The little girls they hire to wait tables are across the board worthless.   After watching them I started to question whether or not they literally walk out of their way to avoid seated customers.  It's too bad, because Salty's has all the right stuff... but apparently also has all the wrong people.If I'm wrong, I'll never know.  After eating there twice and having the same experience, there simply won't be a third time.  Too bad.
2	I don't see the big deal about this place.  The food is nothing spectacular, they don't really have any good drink specials.  Oh, and the service is horrible.  I went there twice and had bad service both times.  The wait times for a server to take a drink order are ridiculous and they don't like to come back and check on you.  The servers would rather hang out and talk to each other than take care of their customers.  I would recommend going elsewhere.
5	Saltys does it again! Even though it was a little slow in there still had fun with the staff! Diego was very helpful with tequila and since they were so slow the staff was hanging around the bar and got to hae some good times with them. Staff here is always upbeat and friendy. Always love coming to this place no matter if they are dead or busy! Great "cheers" feel
4	Great, cheap place to drink, DJ Hazardous is awesome! 2 dollar beers, cheap eats, and a great dj is what keeps me coming back to saltys in mesa. Staff is friendly too!
2	I can't say that I am a big fan of Salty's. I have been there a few times for happy hour and I just haven't been impressed. I don't like the margaritas. They are SOOOO sweet! The last time I was there I asked if they had Sangria, the waitress asked me if that was something that you eat or drink? Sigh. I do like the chips and guacamole! :) But sadly that is about it.
3	Came here for a little Cinco de Mayo lunch-action today. It's not my first time at this Salty Senorita location, so I pretty much knew what to expect. As a solo diner, I just pulled up a bar stool and sat at the bar. Service was actually phenomenal! I didn't catch the bartender's name, but she was awesome. Extremely attentive, and friendly. I arrived a bit earlier around 11:30am, as I expected it could get busy today. I chose Salty for two reasons:a) It's Cinco and I wanted some good mexican grubb) I wanted to earn some frequent flyer points in the Dining Rewards programFirst of all, since it's been a while I've been here.... they have a new menu. It's a large one-pager. Alot of things seemed to be missing... like chimichangas! No Chimis?? But the bartender told me they could make any burrito a chimi. And $1.99 for chips and salsa?!? I thought those used to be free? sheesh... Oh well, I'm expensing this meal anyways... so I got the chips & salsa, diet coke, and the grilled chicken burrito. The burrito was fabulous... and fresh tasting. On the side was a large serving of refried beans. BUT.... I was rather surprised to see a $9.99 burrito being served in a cheap red basket. Kind of a turn-off... A $10 burrito deserves a plate. I asked the server if that was now customary to serve their food in baskets -- but she said it was just for cinco. Apparently it makes it easier for them to clean up. (I can understand maybe later during the drinking hours -- but not during lunchtime.)Food was decent, service was awesome.... I'm giving 3 stars because I feel as though they're nickel & diming customers by charging for chips & salsa and putting $10 burritos in red baskets. Boo!
3	They're closed!  We used to go almost every Saturday while my son is at skate, but today there were "available" signs in the windows, and a landlord lein on the front door.
