3	Great neighbourhood salon.Prices are reasonable (colour = $150 without cut/style, mind you, but I have A LOT of hair, so..)They also just remodeled and now have a cool spa area...Ok this is such a non descriptive review, but it's late at night, maybe I should just go to sleep and come back to the review tomorrow.Sarah, my stylist, is SUCH an expert in my hair (Keri Russell-Felicity type curly, frizzy and A TON OF), and seriously, anyone that takes as long as they do (~1.5-2 hours) on my hair, and still have the amiability and conversation to humour me for that long gets two thumbs up.  Although she's now given birth to two beautiful boys (TWINS!) so she won't be there for a while, however, everyone else is VERY good.  It's also the only place that if there's someone better knowledgeable on a different kind of hair, they'll refer you... But all in all, it's a great salon.
4	People here are wonderfully friendly and flexible. I got my hair cut by Karen, and she did this fantastic interesting style with my boring, long straight hair. I was a bit uncertain about it and went back a day later, and she readily changed it around a bit to suit my tastes. Now, I actually think that she was spot-on for the first cut, but both looked really good. Three months later, it's grown out really well.I also go here to get my eyebrows done, and they really listen to my rather specific desires about shape. It's a little pricey for me, but I like to be cheap. I'd go back again though, because they do a wonderful, lasting job.
4	My friend introduced me to the salon last summer.  Thank God she did.  I had been looking for a good hair salon in Madison for forever.  William Jon does the job well.  I've gone to three different stylists:  Sarah, Cassie, and Karen.  They all have been fantastic.  I'm very picky about haircuts so I'm easily displeased with the final product.  I have yet to have a bad encounter at this salon.  I've also had two manicures done.  They are a bit pricey I feel, but it's worth it knowing that I trust the all the employees working with my hair.
5	I have been searching my entire life to find "my salon/stylist." My first time at William Jon Salon? Match made in heaven! I am an extremely picky customer when it comes to getting my hair done (seriously...a stylist's nightmare...") but I can tell you I have been to several of WJ's stylists including Jekaterina, Casey and Shana. I do have long red hair, so it is tricky to get the right shade and it does take a long time to style my hair because of its length/thickness. But these are guys are truly professionals.
5	If you got hair color problems this is the place to go and Betsey is the person to go to. This is the 3rd time in many years that I have gone to her to fix a bad color. I tracked her down from the other (not out of business, William Jon salon on the square). This time she cut my hair and did a wonderful job. She never makes me feel bad for what I did and she is willing to work with us who can't afford regular salon coloring visits and attempt to do it ourselves. She has been in the business 50 years and she knows her chemistry. I hear she is great with African American hair as well. Check her out.
5	Lovely staff; great hair stylists. Love it!
