5	Such a pleasure to deal with. If your heat or air goes out these are the people you want to do business with. They were recommended through word of mouth, I like that in a business because you know someone else was a happy customer. They were timely, efficient and honest (we knew what was broken because HomeDepot, who we thought we had a warranty with came out looked gave us a price and charged us 79 dollars for a service call) Ken was the serviceman who came to my house, he spoke very highly of the company he worked for, and he was very nice and professional, he checked out the unit diagnosed the problem explained it to me and told me someone would come back tomorrow with the part to fix the unit. As promised he came back, at the time promised with a call he was on the way. They have been around for a long time that in itself says something :)
1	To make a long story short, my AC was not working well during the heat of the summer day but worked fine at night.  The tech they sent was adamant about replacing the unit because it was apparently in terrible condition.  I was dinged for 250 bucks in coolant charges that was used to cool off my AC for the tech to even be able to diagnose it.  In total they charged me $500+ and the AC still did not function correctly. I did not believe the unit needed to be replaced so I had a 2nd opinion done by SilverState Refrigeration & HVAC.  It turns out the only thing wrong with the unit was a bad capacitor which was fixed for  $189.  Also instead of using coolant to cool off the AC to diagnose it,  the tech just used water from a water hose  for no extra charge.Going from needing the unit replaced to just a bad capacitor really makes me wonder what RightNow Air was thinking.  Glad I didn't fall for their ploy to get a new unit which would have costed me $5000+.  I would never recommend RightNow Air  to anyone because you will likely be taken for a ride.  Businesses that try to take advantage of people in the summer heat of Vegas is just criminal.SilverState Refrigeration & HVAC would be the ones to call.  My AC is working great now and I spent less than half of what I paid RightNow Air to just blow smoke up my ass.
2	i used this business 2 years ago and signed up for a year of service for $25.00per month.  i had my thermostat replaced and the service person said i needed2 compactors for my furnace, costing around $250.  he tried to "sell" me anew heater/a/c unit, which i declined.another new service person came to check out my "free" a/c unit last spring,but it cost $159.00.  he said he would put himself down, on paper, to schedulemy next service.  i did NOT like that! since he was buying a new home, he also tried to "sell" me a new heater/a/c unit;and even took pictures of my outside units on video.  he said the wires mightget hot and things looked rusty.  he kept bugging me about making coffee, andasked too many questions of my home.  i had had it with them, and i calledthem to stop mailing and phoning me.would not recommend this kind of service to anyone.barb b9/6/2013
5	I have been a client of Right Now Air for many years.  I never hesitate to recommend them to anyone.  I have lived in Las Vegas for 60 plus years and finally found the best when they were recommended to me.  Their technicians are extremely knowledgeable and always explain what they are doing.  I have a service contract with them and have never been disappointed with the quality of their work.  When you need them they are there.  Their office staff is very friendly and very helpful in getting a technician to you ASAP.  Right Now Air is the place to call.  You will be treated right.EMac5/28/2014
5	I was very impressed with the kind staff of Right Now Air.  They were the last company I had give me a quote to replace my unit and definitely the most impressive of the three.  Randy, the man that first came out, gave me several different options on replacing my air conditioning system.  We live in a 19 year old home so I knew the system needed to be replaced.  He could tell I was concerned about having my mom stay in our house without A/C for a couple days.  They offered to send out a portable A/C unit which they installed in my mother's room while I got the financing approved. This was going WAY over the top and I couldn't believe they would do that for us.  When they installed the new Air Conditioner, Brandon and Jacob were absolutely phenomenal!!! The were so sweet and made sure they kept my house nice and clean.  I don't know how those guys spend some much time in those hot attics but even as they were dripping sweat, they kept a smile the entire time.  By the end of the day, the A/C was blowing nice and cold. Thank goodness because I don't think we could have gone one more day in our house as hot as it was!!  It's only been a couple days since they were out here but everything seems to be great.  I loved working with Randy, Brandon and Jacob! Thank you so much Right Now Air for your phenomenal service and fabulous staff.  I definitely recommend this company to anyone who wants to deal with good people who deliver great service, always!
5	After numerous visits from companies my idiot home warranty company sent out, I called Rite Now Air for an estimate to replace my 21 year old system. On time, honest, clean, polite. They weren't the highest or lowest bid but I chose them. The day of installation, the crew was amazing, everything done on schedule, mats on the carpet and covering the shelves and carpet in my closet where the attic access was.  They re-did my master bedroom ductwork for free to help with the air flow, and painted the ceiling around the attic access to cover all the grimy fingerprints (most of which were left by prior repair guys).  Highly recommended, when my other system dies I will be calling them again!
5	I had Right Now Air come to my house earlier this week to look at my air conditioner to check up on another companies work. They came when they said they would, they were polite and it didn't cost a fortune. I have used them before and every time I have gotten 5 Star treatment.
