4	Wow, a great place for comfort food. We stopped there for a late lunch a few days ago and what a treat. The atmosphere was very mellow and comfy. There were 2 dining rooms and a bar you could eat in also that had a fireplace even though there were only candles lit in the fireplace.We started with the seafood sliders. My husband had some kind of baked chicken in apples with the best baked beans I have every tasted. I had the chicken and dumpling which was very satisfying. All meals come with a green salad and as they say on the menu: all meals come with something sweet. For desert we were brought 2 shot glass filled with the most delicious mocha chocolate cake topped with whipped cream. Yum.The service was wonderful. Our waitress was cheerful and friendly and every other person who worked there greeted us in one way or another. Prices were average. Not very cheap but not ultra expensive for the kind of food they are serving. I can't wait to go back to try other things on the menu.
5	Tumbleweeds is the MOST EXQUISITE restaurant in Wickenburg.  The ambiance is a 10.  The chicken soup is the best ever and the specials are a wonderful deal.  The parking lot fills up so much a second row is added.  The menu has expanded but the Beef Stew served with fresh rolls and  a desert (is amazing).   The brisket (neither smoked nor in a catsup base) is unforgettable and falls apart.  They have $1.00 martini night on Wednesdays & a large TV on one patio for games.  A really special place.
5	I just tried Tumbleweeds for lunch recently after reading the great reviews on Yelp. I travel to Wickenburg for business quite often and am always looking for healthy vegetarian-friendly fare. Tumbleweeds offers quite a few vegetarian options. They have lunch specials starting at $5.99, which is very affordable. I tried the soup, salad, and dessert "shot" special. The tomato soup was excellent, and I really enjoyed my peach cobbler dessert shot (served in a shot glass). The owner, greeter, and server were all very friendly and welcoming. I will definitely return to Tumbleweeds next time I'm in Wickenburg.
5	Try the brisket or BBQ ribs.  They are the best I've had.  Atmosphere is wonderful!
5	Having spent a lot of time in wickenburg and seeing restaurants come and go, this has to be the best restaurant in recent memory. Great remodeled interior with plenty of private spaces, delicious food, and friendly service. Next time I visit the area, this is going to be my go-to grub hub.
4	Where do you eat in Wickenburg?  Lots of restaurants, dumps and joints, but Tumbleweeds tops them all - by far.We went last night before the Del Webb performance - they were short handed and packed.  Lucky I had read Yelp and made reservations and our table was waiting.  Too bad every server was rushed...but our gal took great care of us, the food came out quickly and it was wonderful.  One order of Crabpot, one of Ribs without sauce and two of Beef Stew.  Stew absolutely needed more beef, but everything, including the stew tasted great!  Side salad was fine, with a few unexpected surprises and the "shot of dessert" was a very good chocolate cake.  Everything included in the price!Plus a strolling cowboy singer who was pretty darn good (you can put a tip right in his guitar and we loved him)!They made lots of apologies for being rushed.....but they sure didn't need to - they took care of everybody just fine.  Damn, I'm tempted to give them a 5.
3	It surprises me that in a western town like this that you can't get a better steak. I visited during Gold Rush days and had the t-bone as they were out of the ribeye. I don't know if its where they get their beef or what but the meat was not tender and not too flavorful. My definition of a great steak is one that you would never put steak sauce on because it doesn't need it. This one needed assistance. I will probably give them another try but a really good steakhouse could do very well in this town. I must say, too, that our waitstaff was extremely pleasant and friendly and that means a lot. That's why I can't help but think this place just had an off night.
4	I drove my mom out to Wickenburg upon the suggestion of a realtor from the area. We went on a Saturday around 4:30, the perfect time because it starts to fill up around 5 or so. Driving up we found a quaint little restaurant with rustic elements, feeling a bit like a western tourist place. This was obviously not just a tourist place though, as many locals (or whom I assume were locals since the waitresses seemed to know them pretty well).We ordered the Seafood Slicers appetizer. It wasn't what I was expecting (kind of like warm Krab salad with mushrooms on toasted Naan), but it was still good. My mom ate half of the appetizer, and she isn't a seafood person.Since it was Saturday, we both ordered the Prime Rib dinner. It was perfectly seasoned and a good size for an entree, and came with a side of seasoned potatoes that were fantastic - just the right amount of herbs and salt that it added flavor without being overpowering.Our dinner came with a dessert shooter of spiced cake with caramel, topped with a dollop of whipped cream. The dessert was heavenly and tasted a bit like warm bread pudding. I was left wishing for more.Tumbleweeds is definitely a place I would return to for something outside the ordinary suburban fare that I normally end up eating.
4	Still a 4 star.  Fried chicken was too soggy - not at all crispy.  Great staff, usually good drinks, always a great "shot of dessert" to finish the meal.  The food just needs a little more attention.
1	Very disappointed!  We drove by many times and also read other reviews but when we dined here it was worse than a disappointment.  We ordered the A O chicken and the sloppy joe.  The chicken was cold, like it just came out of the refrigerator, the waitress took it back to heat up in the microwave.  When she brought it back it was just mushy.  I think they cook the food ahead of time ad then just heat it when ordered. The potatoes were hard, barely cooked at all.  The sloppy joe I can't even describe well- not a sloppy joe at all, more like a mush of ground meat and maybe some slivers of leftover pulled pork..  We ate only about half our dinner and we were never asked how it tasted or if we wanted the rest to go.  The drinks were good and cheap but we were never asked if we wanted a second drink.  All I can say is this was the very worst dining experience!  Food was terrible and service was inattentive.
5	absolutely loved this place.  I had the brisket and my wife had the ribs.  bother were very good.  Desert came with the meal and was quite tasty.  Great place to eat.
4	Went here tonight with a party of 6. Ordered 5 different entrees (2 had the stroganoff) and everyone liked their food. Service was great, and we enjoyed the Eric Clapton video playing in the background, as we are all at about the right age to enjoy his music. Would have liked to try their ribs, but thought they were overpriced; the only reason for not giving 5 stars. Loved the desert shots!
1	Our salads had "rust" on them so you know the "bag o salad" was old.  One person out of 8 ordered a taco salad in a shell, they bring it they don't have shells, even after we asked.Brisket is NOT brisket it was pot roast and was sooooooooooooo dry and you could tell that the food was not fresh that day because you couldn't tell the potatos were potatos because they were so brown from sitting in the pot.We were all so disappointed with the entire meal including the baby back ribs.
4	We stopped in on a Friday evening. The staff was very nice and helpful. The chicken was excellent according to my wife but my prime rib was over done and a little tough. We will probably give them another chance in the near future.
