5	I would normaly put 4 stars, but i put the extra star to increase what it really is. In my opinion, we don't rate an Indian rate like you rate a French or Italian restaurant and the reason is that service is almost really really shitty. To make sure they won't have to learn the language (to some extension) they'll simply put numbers on their menu to facilitate the way the order is done. I've seen some indian-fusion (with French cuisine) restaurant being quite good at service but it's only because of the French effectiveness background).This place gives you a real Pundjab (sorry about the spelling) cuisine experience. Family business this place is always packed with locals and indians foreigner which kind of give you a tip: If indian people wants indian food from this restaurant, it must be good!). So last time i went there, I was with my Friend and meeting his friend, wife and kid. We really had a good time, the service was really quick even if it did felt cold, I didn't take it for granted that I was suppose to feel welcome in a friendly restaurant. It's a family business, which mean, they probably work 6-7 days a week with a crappy salary. So I didn't take it for granted. It's not a huge place but it's really alive. There's a selection of IPA (made from a local brewery) and it is really good. I don't know the names of the stuff I've had there, since my friend knew what was good, he ordered (with his other buddy) for everybody. The apetizer that looks like a chip with a spicy but sweet sauce is awesome, If it would have been a bar, i'd have that with some pint of IPA all night long! One other thing I think it's important to mention: Damn it's cheap!There's no place in Montreal where i'll have 2 pints of beer, 2 apetizer and 3-4 main plates and a small desert for 25-30$Fun fact: when you get in, you see the wall is covered with some local celebrity and some international too that came there. If a restaurant can survive more than 30 years, you can bitch about it as much as you want, but it shows that this place works and people eat there.
5	Malhi Sweets is a few blocks from the north west corner of Jarry Park, seats approx 20 on super clean simple wooden tables and chairs by wide windows. It's not fancy: some Indian art and TV's broadcasting hot Bollywood music videos at a pretty mellow decibel, lots of framed clippings of great reviews and celebrity guests. There's an attentive staff and diverse clientele and everyone is smiling. Today we started with the Aloo Tikki and Malhi Special rolls, both crispy but light and we loaded them with lots of yummy, spicy sauces. I had Aloo ghobi (crazy delicious cauliflower and potatoes) Shahi Paneer (amazing soft homemade cheese in a creamy, tomatoey, Indian spicy sauce) the man had the Goat Curry and declared it his new favourite food. We shared nan - thin, soft, hot, lightly buttery - perfect. We drank frothy sweet lassi's and an Indian beer called Taj Mahal on tap - light refreshing lager that goes great with curry, and they have some other local and Indian mircobrews I'd go back to try. When we could eat no longer we loaded up the to-go tray's, paid our 46$ bill (nice!) and walked off into the sunset.
5	The tightly packed and gloomy setting of the rather pricey Golden Restaurant on rue St. Laurent was my favorite Indian restaurant until I was told about Sweet Malhi.My taste buds were immediately overwhelmed with flavor and aroma of their delicious entrees and main dishes, their Naan bread was most excellent!  Don't let the attitude of the waiter bother you, he probably works for a low salary. Bright atmosphere and the Taj Mahal beer on tap...yummmm!This is the real deal for amazing and inexpensive Indian food in Montreal.
5	Two words:  Catherine Deneuve.  What other Montreal restaurant (of any stripe?) can boast a photograph of Catherine Deneuve (and Leelee Sobieski [?]) on premises, and positively glowing after what was obviously another amazing Malhi Sweets meal?*Malhi Sweets has been my go-to Indian restaurant for well over 10 years now (even before Ms. Deneuve paid her fateful visit).  It's just wickedly, consistently good, and I've always loved the friendly, no-frills ambience and the grace and charm of the moustachioed owner.  Funny thing is, I was a vegetarian when I started going to Malhi Sweets, and I still tend to order vegetarian every time I go.  Standards include the pakoras, the dal makhni (with 35% cream), the baigan bharta, the channa, the vegetable korma, and the garlic nan.  If only they would bring back the malai kofta, which was my very favorite Malhi Sweets dish of all-time, the one that literally drove me crazy (I literally couldn't rest until every last morsel, every last drop, had been devoured).Hot tip:  if you ever see a plate of chili pakoras on the front counter, order some!  They're awesome, and I've never seen them anywhere else in Montreal.* What I want to know is:  who's the genius who insisted that Catherine Deneuve visit Malhi Sweets?  I wish it had been me...
4	I came here with a group of fellow food lovers.  The place was fairly full on a Thursday evening, but a table for 8 was available. We decided to each order a different dish, and try a bit of everything.  The chicken tikka was great - the chicken was tender and flavourful and the vegetables were fresh and crisp.  The saag paneer, a spinach dish with paneer cheese, was delicious - fresh pieces of ginger gave it a nice bite.  We also had the goat curry.  The goat was tender and moist.  We mopped up the delicious sauces with fresh buttery naan bread or let it soak into the well cooked basmati rice.    Service was friendly and efficient, and the staff has a good sense of humour.
4	Came here on a particularly icy, cold night to meet up with some fellow Yelpers to get our collective Indian on. Despite the somewhat tacky interior and warbling Bollywood on the tv, the place was fairly full and as soon as I opened the door, all I could think of was getting some saag paneer and beer into my gob.Each one of our 8 people ordered something differed: 2 types of paneer, a yummy cauliflower dish, tikka chicken, some goat and enough naan to feed a small country. The service was fast and friendly, the beer was cheap and the total bill was ridiculously cheap. I would definitely come back here and I only wish that it was closer to my house. Question though, does he show the Catherine Deneuve photo to everyone that dines here? ha ha
3	where i'm from, there's a big population of indians and great indian restaurants.the indian food at malhi is ok compared to the fantastic indian food from sf bay area.maybe for montreal, it's "the best" because there isn't a lot of competition around.so onwards with the food review:- naan (was one of the best naan i've had. definitely giving credit here)- chili chicken (mediocre- tasted like pre-made fried chicken doused with indian spices)- butter chicken (love the sauce, but the chicken breast was really dry)overall, a mediocre 3 star indian cuisine, but i'd give them a 3.5 just for their really good naan.we didn't have to wait long for the food to come out - a plus.
2	Having been exposed to Indian cuisine my entire life and on numerous continents I am always on a quest to find that authentic Indian restaurant experience here in Montreal.Recently my search led me to Malhi Sweets. I found the decor to be bright and refreshing as opposed to dim and dingy like a few resto's in the area but that being said, environment was never really at the top of my expectation list. I know that sometimes the best of ethnic foods can be found in establishments that won't win any awards for choice of wallpaper or quality of the chairs.While Indian cuisine is so much more than just "butter chicken"- it is usually the reference point of comparison for the restaurants I try, as I take it to be one of the more popular dishes and a staple to many patrons. This one was disappointing. The sauce was not nearly as rich and flavoursome as one or two others I have tried and worst of all the chicken was extremely dry. I was quite surprised that the Thali did not come with rice so we had to order rice after our Thali's had been placed in front of us, but to their credit it did arrive soon after. Unfortunately the rice was not the light and fluffy aromatic basmati that you usually expect from Indians but was more dense and still slightly "wet"- perhaps a couple of more minutes in the cooker would have done the trick.The service was a bit disjointed and haphazard but good food always compensates for that. When it comes to service, I don't come down hard on "mom and pop" establishments that are reasonably priced. Yes it would be nice to make sure we have knives and forks before the food arrives but as long as I can get your attention within a couple of minutes, we're good.The quest continues and it seems most Montrealers aren't too discerning when it comes to Indian food but for those with a more discriminating and experienced Indian palate Malhi sweets certainly doesn't rank at the top of the list.Lastly, if you're going to charge me GST and PST when I am paying cash, don't try to get away with not putting it through the register. It is one thing to avoid paying income tax to the thieves in Government but it's another to take an extra 15% from the patron with no intention of passing it on to The Man. Demand your receipts.Don't take my word for it- give it a try and tell us what you think!
5	Some of the best Indian food in Montreal. I used to eat there all the time when I worked in Parc Extension. The channa samosas are incredible, simply amazing. The sweet tamarind and cool yogurt pair so well with the good level of heat. I still dream of these even years after moving away from Montreal. Alas I don't think these samosas would ship well Fedex overnight. Well done, honest food in a family-run restaurant.
5	Once upon a time, I was invited to try Malhi. Before then, I was not a big fan of Indian dining. Little did I know, my experience with Indian cuisine at Malhi's would change everything forever after...Malhi is truly exceptional. I have tried multiple dishes on their menu and each has seized my taste buds in a very special and flavourful fashion. Always serving amazingness in a bowl (most of their main dishes are served in a bowl), you won't be disappointed. The various flavours and spices will tantalize you. Shortly after leaving this place, you will want to return for all the goodness they have to offer. My recommendations: the vegetable pakoras as an appetizer, chicken tikka masala with rice and naan bread, and finish off your meal with gulab jamun for dessert.If you live far from Park Ex., it is worth the trip!
4	First and foremost: Ignore the exterior of this place. It looks like a dump from outside and immediately conjures images of a low-rent, dirty interior that is the opposite of the truth. Inside the place is remarkably pretty, well-lit and thoroughly enjoyable. The food is traditional northern Indian fare for the most part and done well. The sauces are slightly less complex than the best I've had (thus the lack of one star) but for the Montreal Indian scene, this is near the top of the class. Service isn't what you'd call friendly but it's competent and quick and there is clearly a serious commitment to quality at every step of the food creation process. We had: Incredibly fresh, fantastic samosas, shahai paneer (medium), butter chicken (death spicy by request), mango lassi and fantastic garlic naan. Will return.
3	It ain't all that, y'all. First time I found the good rather greasy and westernized. Second time biryani was undercooked and not impressively spiced. The mango lassi and raita were very good tho! No sweets! Misnomer there...
5	Simply put, this place is excellent. The food is super tasty, service great, and the restaurant is consistent. Every time I go, I expect my meal to be as good as the last time, and they never disappoint.Highly recommended for Indian food lovers.
5	Nothing to be said about this place!! EXCELLENT. I will keep going back here for my Indian food fix!!
