4	I would classify this as a "Kiddie Park".  Great fun for tots and the slightly older set.  Here you can find rides which may have names such as "Babies First Roller Coaster" and "Bumper Boats for People Three Feet Tall or Less."Enchanted Island has 6-7 little kid rides.  A Merry-go-round, a tiny little roller coaster (It's so cute), bumper boats, a train, a car ride.  Rides cost 1-2 tickets and tickets are $1 each.  There are several package deals for larger amounts of tickets.There is a concession offering amusement park food:  pizza, cotton candy, etc.If you have a child between about 2 and 8 they will indeed find this place enchanting.
3	Thank you, about.com, for letting me on this little secret called Enchanted Island.  My sister and her two kids (ages 8 and 6) finally made their first trip to Arizona this past August, and prior to their trip, I did some research on about.com for kid-friendly spots and EI was one of its "must-visits."  The kids loved all of the rides they were able to try.  There was the bumper boat that my niece couldn't go on bec. she was too tall, and this was the only downside to whole experience- it was clear that my nephew enjoyed it.  However, there were other rides for the older girl to try, that it didn't take long to quell the tears.  Even though most of the rides were geared toward toddlers, my niece and nephew really enjoyed themselves and kept talking about how much fun they had for a few days after!  My sister and I loved seeing their enjoyment.  We also liked the fact that the amusement park is IN an actual park, and a quite charming one, at that.  I was a little wary after reading a couple of online reviews stating how rundown it was, but the park wasn't as shabby as I was led to believe.  I again thank about.com for revealing this little gem, for who would have known it to exist?  My coworkers and other acquaintances surely didn't.  I hope that some of you are able to enjoy it with your families, too.
4	Enchanted Island in Encanto Park has a long history.  The present concessionaire runs the rides and offers a variety of packages for birthdays, gatherings and corporate events.  You can arrange for a Brinca Brinca if you wish.  I brought my kiddie to the rides when they were riveted aluminum rockets, chairs and such hanging from chains on spinning pipe racks.  There's been an upgrade.  The next Enchanted Island thing on my list may be a wedding using one of the large ramadas on the island.  It will actually be renting a boat or sit-down paddler while the weather is nice and tooling around in the canal.The Phoenix metro area has several kiddie trains.  The one on Enchanted Island was the first.  It was also upgraded several years ago.  It's a pleasant ride all around the island.If you have young children or grand kids, you can have a very nice day on the island.  If you need an outdoor venue for an event, this is one Phoenix option.
4	What a wonderfully quirky spot this is. Walking into Enchanted Island is like stepping back in time. There weren't many people there on the day we were there, making it feel all the more surreal. The rides are old-school (some are actually antique), and the arcade games are covered in spider webs and dust. I know that doesn't sound endearing, but in this age of antiseptic everything, it kind of was. The entire place has a very small-town, organic feel to it. You can get a corn dog and a Slurpee. You can put your kid on all kinds of coin-op rides that make them smile. The train ride is full of full-blown train whistles. This place is about as far from Disneyland as you could imagine, while still being an amusement park. The downside: We brought our two-year-old, and unless you are willing to send your young toddler on rides alone, there are just three you can do as a family (the train, the carousel and the spinning cups). We also live near the McCormick Stillman Railroad Park, and Enchanted Island is going to cost a lot more than Stillman. Still, it's fun to adventure to a new spot, and we really enjoyed our outing.
1	This place is a joke!! The rides are very old and dirty, and look like they are about to fall apart. You get better quality from a traveling circus. We had a party here, and the manager Teresa, was very rude and  unaccommodating. The parties are overpriced for the service that you get. We will not be returning, and strongly suggest not having a birthday party there, unless you want a disappointed child.
3	The name says it all.  Enchanted.  in a good way?  if you are 2-3 years old, probably yes.  any older than that and you'd probably think this place was just plain cheesy.  But for the 2 year old, this place is heaven!  and easy on the parent's wallet!  i take myself back in time and i think i would have absolutely loved the bumper boat ride!  would have been nice if they had little squirting water guns on the boats. this place is enchanted in the sense that it feels like you're going 20 years back in time.  it almost has an eerie feel to the whole place because there were so few people and some of the rides clickety clack along sounding like they could break down anytime.
5	An oasis of little kid fun in Phoenix, we hadn't been in over a year and came for a birthday party.  They're always running a deal, so look for one before departing.  One year we did an annual pass.  It was a good deal.  There are also lots of special events that include deals.  One time we met spiderman.There are lots of rides, mostly for shorter kids.  Some have modest height requirement that exclude the very young and some that exclude the tall.  There's a train, carousel, mini-coaster, tea cup ride, an up and down parachute ride, several rides that go in circles in different vehicles (e.g., planes, cars, and helicopters and futuristic flying machines), and a bumper boats ride that turns into a splash pad in the summer.  Determining whether the adults need a wrist band or tickets is always a little tricky as adults are needed on some rides, but not others, and it also depends on the age of the child.  The place has a little bit of a rundown feel, but kids don't notice and have loads of fun.  The arcade is really rundown, but the ATM is really nice.  There isn't much shade, so be prepared.  All of the staff are really nice.There are usually a few game and art vendors about: ball toss game, sand art, and/or face painting.  All are a big hit with the kids, but also hit up the wallet for a few bucks a piece.  Everyone is a winner at ball toss, by the way.
4	Really fun place for kids.  Reasonably priced or you can go on a Friday night for a special wristband that will let you ride all the rides as much as you want.  There is a train that goes around the park and also a carousel.  Lots of little roller coasters and spinning tea cups.  The park was not crowded and was very well maintained.
4	While a bit rundown this place is a blast for the under 10 crowd. The kids unlimited ride pass is reasonably priced. There weren't as many rides as I expected but the ones that were there kept her entertained. Next time I think I'll skip buying the adult pass and opt for buying a few extra ride tickets for myself. The food is reasonable priced but it's not that great. My advise, eat dinner before you come. It wasn't very crowded so we didn't waste a lot of time sitting in lines. All in all, my daughter had a great time. I'd go back anytime.
5	I love this place! We have a carnival every year for foster children here and they are the best venue! Such giving people! The ride operators are so kind!
4	I took my niece and nephew here.  I was a little worried about the location and that it would be not as nice as the pictures on the website made it look.  However I was pleasantly surprised.  It was a nice little amusement park located within a large park.  It's free admission, but you pay for the rides.  We got wristbands for the kids as well as one for me, since my niece could not ride everything alone due to her height.The kids had a blast going back and fourth from ride to ride.  Their two favorites were the "Dumbo" style airplanes and the "Merry-Go-Round" style cars (located next to each other).  The other favorite of the day was the train ride.  It was a nice long ride (at least 5 minutes, maybe more) that takes you through the adjoining park.  My nephew loves trains which was part of the reason we went here, and he was not disappointed.  The Carousel also had 2 small stationary horses which the kids enjoyed (they usually choose to sit on benches instead of the up and down horses). Enchanted Island is definitely for younger kids, since there are maximum height restrictions on almost every ride.  It was reasonably priced for a day of fun for the kids.  They even have annual passes available that seemed like a good deal if you live nearby.TIP: Sign up for their email and you get a Buy 1 Get 1 Free Kids unlimited wristband coupon.
5	Enchanted Island is.....enchanting.  We brought an energetic 6 year old to the park, it was his first experience with an amusement park, and it was perfect for him.  He had no expectations, and absolutely loved every ride.  The parachute ride and the Dragon Roller Coaster absolutely took priority though.  Since it was on a Thursday, and around noon, we brought a picnic lunch and ate in the park across the street.  Don't make the mistake of throwing crumbs onto the lawn, or you'll be re-enacting a terror scene from Hitchcock movie.  Those pigeons were SCARY!  The train ride was great, it cooled us off too, and really lasted a long time.  The park/ride attendants were very kind and patient.  We did appreciate the time they spent making sure each child was secured in the ride.  When we left the park, the 6 year old enthusiastically proclaimed it "THE BEST DAY EVER!!!
5	Took my daughter there and she loved it!!!  Its aimed more for younger kids, its not too big or too small it just right.  Make for a great day, plus Encanto Park is right there also.
5	My kids are ages 2 & 3 and LOVE this place. It is the best for younger kid amusement in Phoenix. Dreadful during summer months but come October thru April, you can't beat an annual pass for ages 1+! Highly recommend and definitely worth the drive if you're not nearby. Plus with the park, ducks and lake you just can't lose!
3	It has been FOREVER since I have been back to this park - at least 25+ years.  My how it has changed.  The rides itself, I'm pretty sure are still the same exact ones that I rode when I was a child.  But the place has cleaned up well.  We were here over the weekend for a friends birthday party.  The reserved birthday areas were spacious and clean with plenty of private picnic tables.  The unlimited rides were also great. I think it's funny how the sign in the park gives you a list of things that are no permitted in the park and one of them says "No Pitt Bulls".
2	This is our second time here and although our two boys were excited, there were aspects I was less than thrilled with. First of all they charge the parents full price for an unlimited band and there are very few rides a parent even needs to go on.Secondly, all the employees looked miserable and had snappy tones in their voices. I understand that doing this job may be frustrating at times because it's redundant and you're dealing with other people kids but hey, that's the job.Thirdly the bumper boats were a huge let down. All they did was go around in a circle...they were so much so the opposite of boats that the attendant was knee deep in the water dragging the boats around so the kids could experience some sort of aquatic experience. On a positive note the weather was nice and the kids don't fully comprehend how less than stellar the quality of the rides are.
4	Cool place for kids 3-8 years old.. I have 6 and 8 yr old they had great time... Would not recommend for older kids nothing for them to ride.. There is about 8-10 rides
2	We recently took my 6 yr old niece. Nestled in a beautiful park with lots of shady trees it looks like its going to be cool. But once you get in you realize the rides are old and faded and all the shade seems to be everywhere except where you want it -- by the rides. It would be best if you go during the cooler weather.We went through all the rides in about 45 minutes.  The red baron planes didn't all work. There were no bumper boats or pedal boats or canoes. One teacup ride looked like it salvaged from a 1929 amusement park. My niece settled on the dragon wagon and the splash park to kill more time and make it worth the cost of admission. The splash park was nice because it had a shady picnic area and misters that luckily no one was using for birthday parties.All is offset by the cheap cost of admission. So you get what you pay for. If they could just modernize the rides i would give it more stars.
2	Though it is a place for kids I personally have seen much better park for kids.There are very minimal rides and all are old.Nothing new..
1	Well...take this for a grain of salt as seen through the eyes of a grown up and not a kid's...This place saw it's prime about 20 years ago -- literally.  Every ride looks like it has been revived from the farthest reaches of the 1980's.  In fact, this park is better suited not as a fun place for kids, but as a setting for a movie where the penultimate chase happens in a long-forgotten and run-down amusement park.  I think there was a Liam Neeson movie that ended like this, actually...Don't bother with the all-day passes, as there are zero rides that the kids might want to ride more than once.  We got there right at 10am on a Sat, and so there were no lines at all.  The whole ambiance kinda felt like what Michael Jackson's personal theme park might have looked like if he were galavanting about on his own.  I really can't imagine waiting in any sort of line for any of these rides.  They are all very disappointing, and, well, lame.  So says my 5 yr old and 7 yr old.The highlight was the soft pretzel from the snackstand.Save your money and don't bother coming here.
1	After spending $65 to get in we rode all 5 rides we could and decided to have lunch. After spending $25 for drinks and snacks as we are walking away from the cashier window my 2 year old split her cheaply made Styrofoam cup trying to pick it up in front of the cashier who refused to replace it but I could purchase another at full price $4.... seriously? I will not be back....
