3	Biscuits Cafe has opened up in a space that was formally a Baja Fresh (all those seemed to have picked up and left Phoenix so not sure what happened there). However, in a part of Tempe not known for breakfast places it is indeed nice to have a traditional breakfast and lunch diner place open up in the area. I had the chicken fried steak with sausage gravy and it was delicious and seemed fresh. I also had some eggs over easy and some cubed new potatoes that were more than decent, though their hash browns look especially good. I also had a side of biscuits and those where okay. I like my biscuits a bit thinner and crispier but if you like fluffy biscuits, you will like the ones here. I will note that the five berry jam that came with said biscuits was especially good. I will say the service was excellent and I look forward to coming back and possibly giving them another star after I've had a chance to try a wider variety of foods. I noticed they had both pumpkin and sweet potato pancakes. I tried one of the pumpkin pancakes off of someone else's plate in my dining group and it was good! Besides breakfast items they offer salads, burgers, soups and sandwiches for those coming in for the mid-day meal. Come try it out and see what you think and a big thumbs up to a solid breakfast place an area that doesn't have enough of them!
3	Decent food, very nice staff and a good atmosphere.  A welcome addition to Tempe's breakfast options.
1	My girlfriend and I came in here for brunch and were sorely dissatisfied. I had some pancakes, bacon and eggs. While those were okay, I could have gotten the same thing for the same value at Denny's for $5 cheaper. However, my girlfriend's meal was another story.She had the 1/2 sandwich, soup and salad combo. I'll start with the salad, because that was the best part. The salad was decent; I'm not sure how you can mess up a bowl of mixed greens. The avocado ranch was a nice touch as well. Neither of us are sure why they served saltines with the salad and oyster crackers with the soup, but sure, why not.The soup was a "Yankee Potroast" soup. My girlfriend coined it as "minestrone with one quarter-sized piece of meat", and that it had obviously been microwaved. Not a huge deal, but I think we all prefer food from an establishment that isn't microwaved and serves meat when it's advertised in the name.Finally, the 1/2 sandwich was a corned beef sandwich on ciabatta bread. The ciabatta bread was hard as a rock, probably old. When it was deemed inedible, I suggested that she just take the sandwich apart and eat the beef and greens. The beef was so wet that when my girlfriend carefully took the sandwich apart, it splattered onto her wallet. Ew. Altogether, her meal at $7.29 of microwaved soup, mediocre salad, and an unappetizing sandwich was not worth the price.I'll note one more thing here. With my pancakes I had poached eggs, and thank goodness I did, because I saw one of the servers shoving scrambled eggs into a bucket. I'm not sure when these scrambled eggs were cooked; it was likely in the morning for easy access when someone ordered them to pull out of the bucket, heat up, and serve. However, I'm not sure why they can't just cook scrambled eggs to order. That makes no sense to me.All in all, it was a disappointing experience. I'm hoping that this was just an anomalous branch in an otherwise reputable chain and that they can fix some of these problems.
5	The first time I came I got a free giant cookie with my meal and this time I got free chocolate covered strawberries! The food is great and service is great too!
5	Service is incredible. Every time we come we get a free treat like cookies or strawberries to show they care. Smiling staff and great food make this place worth the stop!
5	This is exactly the kind of breakfast place you want! The place is named Biscuits so I was pleased when the biscuits lived up to my expectations. The strawberry preserves are heavenly and could (and should) be spread on anything you can find! The sausage gravy on my chicken fried chicken was thick and flavorful. Finally, the eggs were a perfectly cooked over-easy. If this place wasn't a five star breakfast spot before, it became one when they brought out complimentary chocolate covered strawberries! I'll be back here very soon!
4	I love the layout of BiscuitsI thought it was going to be a drab, ma and pa diner... But it is very hip and modern... The color scheme is really cute and the tables and chairs coordinate well... The chairs are pretty comfy too, their types of chairs usually aren't... The cashier was very helpful and knowledgable... She asked if we had been in before, and we told her that we hadn't... She gave us a run down of the menu as well as popular items and things that she liked... Today I got the corned beef hash... It's really all I get at breakfast joints... I also got a Decaf coffee... They have a beat coffee and soda bar... I think it is a great use of space... Their menu has some range to it, I thought it would just be breakfast but they have salads, burgers, and sandwiches..Back to my meal... It is good :) I really like the corned beef and onions.The hash browns are pretty standard, they're goodThe biscuits are yum as well and they come with some sort of Apple strawberry jamAlso each meal comes with complimentary chocolate dipped strawberries... No way! Lol! I'll be here often!
5	I've already gone to the Biscuits location in Chandler about 30 times since they've opened, and I was happy when I saw this new location in Tempe closer to my house. This location is a walk-up, counter system, which I actually really like. I can say that they excel in everything I would hope for in a breakfast place: the food is great and  the atmosphere clean and inviting.All of the french toast options are amazing (especially the Almond crusted kind) and the omelettes are solid (although the chorizo is on the mild side if you're opting for that.)I love this place and hope it has a long and successful future.
3	After Harlow's down the road was so packed we couldn't park, we decided to give this new breakfast cafe a try.  The portions are extremely generous and overall the food was really good.  The prices are a little high I think, but not so much that I wouldn't return.  I knocked down a star because the ham I received was "off" and tasted like it was past it's shelf life, and the oj was just so-so.  They do give complimentary chocolate covered strawberries that are epic!
4	Saw that this location recently opened, so went to check it out this weekend, and so glad we did.  The place looks and feels like a somewhat retro diner but its all new, modern and clean.  You order at the counter, and seat yourself, and you get your own drinks.  I liked this because you end up getting your food faster. The prices were normal, but they do have good lunch specials with soup, salad & half a sandwich for around 8 bucks or so. Each item we had, from the hash browns, to the eggs, to the chicken fried steak & even the pancakes were all really good, hearty, and tasted fresh. Large generous portions, and our plates came with a big ol' chocolate covered strawberry. Bring your appetite and definitely try the cinnamon bun!
5	I went here for breakfast on a Saturday morning, and it was a great experience. I really liked the layout and design of the interior. Everything was very new and modern. The food was great as well I had the veggie omelette and I enjoyed it. My girlfriend had eggs Benedict and she liked hers as well. Food came fast and service was above average. I will be going back
1	Tried this restaurant for the first time recently and was not impressed. Ordering two plates for two people, an orange juice, and a coffee cost over $25, which was ridiculously overpriced for the amount of food we received and the quality of the food that was made. The "belgian waffle" wasn't anything impressive. Literally, go to any hotel and you can make it yourself in less than 3 minutes. Next time I'll stick with Ncounter or Essence Bakery if I want a quality breakfast for a good price and good amount of food and flavor. On a side note, the interior designing was nice, but that does not compensate for the disappointment in the food.
2	The thought of an $12 breakfast still has me reeling. The portion was nice, and the quality was okay. Corned beef hash was waaay over seasoned with a burned oregano overtone , while the hashbrowns, were completely flavorless, and raw in the middle. Ironically(?) the biscuits were damn good.  I ate like an 1/8 of it. (See picture).
4	The strawberry jam is delicious on the biscuits. Ask for dry biscuits (sans gravy) and spread on some of that butter and jam!
1	Ive gone here for dine in and the food was okay.  But take out is another story!!  The french toast was not fully cooked I mean it was still runny once you cut into it!!! The lady asked me what kind of fruit do you want all strawberries or mixed fruit?? I clearly said mixed but she still gave me all strawberries.  I spent atleast 30 dollars and got horrible quality and not good customer service.  Than!! I went back to just get a cinnamon roll. Oh when I opened the box the cinnamon roll was drenched in frosting I mean like the frosting filled up half the box.  Not good quality at all.  Never eating here again.
3	A new and nicely appointed breakfast/brunch/lunch spot.  You walk up to order and then they bring your food out to you.  The food was okay.  I got a meltz sandwich.  The bacon was quite good; but I found the sandwich a little damp with melted butter.  They give you a chocolate covered strawberry, which is a cute little touch.  The prices were reasonable.  I would eat here again.
5	Yummy food. Big portions. I'm coming back. Came after the Pat Tillman run. It was packed, but  the line moved fast. I ordered the chicken fried steak with Ted potatoes and pancakes. It came with a fresh chocolate covered strawberry. Everything was delicious. I'm definitely coming back.
5	The place to go in Tempe for breakfast! Came to town for Pats Run and went all 4 mornings, getting something different every time. Sweet potato pancakes are my favorite but it was all delicious and a large selection.. and a ton of food for the price, other places in town charge twice as much for a third the amount of food! Plus, they give you a chocolate covered strawberry with every meal! Yum. We'll be back next year!
5	Been here a few times and every time has been great. The portions are HUGE and everything is around $7-8. The jam they give you with the toast is delicious. I wish I could buy a jar of it! The food is always good, tastes fresh and is very filling. You won't ever leave hungry.
5	This place is AMAZING!I found this place by accident when I went into what I thought was the side door for Dilly's Deli and got a super happy surprise.Their portions are huge, and really reasonably priced.Also, I like how every meal comes with a chocolate-covered strawberry. The staff and cooks are friendly and willing to accommodate dietary needs (I'm allergic to wheat).LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!
4	Stopped in for the first time yesterday and I was extremely impressed. I live right down the street from Biscuits but I only noticed it a couple weeks ago. The menu was fairly extensive and had anything you could want as far as breakfast goes. I went with Joe's Scramble which came with a choice of toast, biscuits, or pancakes. I chose the biscuits (comes with 2) and all my food was very good. I'm not sure if the rest of the menu comes in such large portions but I wasn't even able to finish the whole meal. Everything was in the $7-10 price range; more than reasonable for the quality. I'd recommend this place to anyone, especially if you don't feel like waiting to be seated at one of the more crowded breakfast places in Tempe.
2	Extremely overpriced for the quality.  A basic breakfast of pancakes and a breakfast sandwich somehow ended up costing $29 dollars? Their name lead me to believe that they have biscuit sandwiches, but they do not. Not to mention, I've driven by this place a few times and they make their employees flip signs on the sidewalk in 100 degree weather. I will not come back here or support any business that treats their employees like this.
3	I went here for lunch. I see that they have awesome reviews for there breakfast maybe next time i would try that instead. Today i ordered there chicken tender platter. Simple and easy . The fries were good, the chicken i was not a fan of... The batter was very flakey and pretty much just fell off and the chicken its self was fully cooked but kinda chewy it was strange... In addition to that the chicken also tasted  like it had a fishy taste. Not sure if they are fried in the same oil. I hope not becasue # 1 i personally dont like fish but i know some people who are very allegic to fish so i just hope thats not the case and it was a weird flook. Besides the chicken i didnt like, the resturant was very clean and the staff was very friendly. I liked that i got a chocolate covered strawberry with my order. There soup and sandwhiches looked very good as i saw other orders coming out so i would be willing to comeback and try something different on the menu. Overall just ok at best but I will give it another try with different menu items next time
4	Perfect! The good is actually quite tasty.. I had the California chicken burger with a side salad. I like the way they stuff their griddles chicken breast with avocado and their side salad is made with fresh greens. I would definitely recommend this place for lunch..  :-)
2	Second time going back after trying it a few months ago. I like to give time for a place to mature after it opens and do a recheck. In this case, much the same - the place is clean, the staff is friendly, and the food is okay. I had the Southwest scramble and I have to say, surprisingly bland for something with Chorizo in it and though I appreciate the bell pepper and onions, I would recommend dicing them up a bit versus having them in strips.As for coffee, decent drip diner coffee but I would like a mug versus a huge hot drink cup. Another diner noticed the same thing - a mug allows one to have a reasonable amount of coffee and then fill it up again so it stays hot. In addition, the little hot cup protection ring should be over by the coffee as you fill up the coffee in one place and then have to carry it over to where the hot rings are, and the creamer and sugar, and it is hot! The hashbrowns looked great but they use some sort of buttery spray when cooking them and it is an off flavor in a hashbrown. In addition, the insides of the hashbrown are somewhat starchy - if they dice their own potatoes I would recommend they wash the shredded potatoes to remove the starch. Oh, I did like the chocolate covered strawberry, that is a nice touch. Other than that, I truly wish I liked Biscuits more as it is a close walk from my house. Hopefully I'll try it again and change my mind.
2	Very good food, it's a shame I did not get to enjoy it. I arrived an hour before closing on a Sunday and got my favorite scramble!  I looked around and remembered buying something on the counter last time I was there , but didn't see anything this time. After my meal arrived, I saw an employee pushing a cart out from the kitchen area. The bottom shelf was full of their muffins. They have several tasty flavors, but it seemed like they were more anxious to get out if there than making these available to the customers that were still coming in. After my eggs, I started on the pancakes I got as part of the meal. My iced tea needed a self refill from the fountain drink area, but the brewed iced tea containers were already gone. When they started sweeping out from under part of the table I was still seated at, I realized that I better find another new early afternoon venue for Sunday brunch.
3	My cousin and I stopped in at their Elliot Road location.  We were actually looking for another restaurant but couldn't find it so this was the back-up.  It was about 1:30 in the afternoon so we were about the only people in the place and they were in the process of closing for the day.  Still, the service was attentive, polite and professional.  Kind of felt like we were regular truckers on our way through Iowa.Cousin had the pulled pork sandwich with cole slaw and I had a BLT with fries.  Both meals came with a huge, ice cold Dill pickle.  He said his meal was very tasty.  The only fault I could find with mine was the fries tasted a little bit like they'd been cooked in oil used for frying fish but it wasn't overpowering and a little malt vinegar and ketchup solved that problem.  We each ordered iced tea and it came in a glass I swear was the size of a small jug.  No sooner had we downed about half of it when the waitress came by again with refills.  And the tea tasted like real tea too.They had Oldies on the radio which added a bit to the country type ambiance of the place.  The menu I would describe as American comfort food right out of the Heartland.  The prices seemed a bit high until you see the size of the servings.  It was more than enough to eat.This restaurant is in the same building that has hosted several others before it including a Denny's and a Chicago-something.  They feature a fish fry on Friday evenings, the only dinner time they are open.  I plan to try that sometime soon.  Oh, did I mention they have liver and onions?  A favorite of my wife and I and something you can't find everywhere.  That's on the bucket list too.  I rated them three stars only because I haven't sampled but one meal so far.  But I, we, will be back.
5	I always look to Yelp for great restaurants to try.  We stumbled upon this place (we thought we were going to a similarly named place).  It's a great atmosphere inside - clean and welcoming.  I love biscuits and gravy and am always on the hunt for "the best".  Well, I will look no farther.  What a great location - right by ASU.  My after-college aged son had so much food due to their generous portion size.  Perfect for him.  It was quiet in there today - since it's summer in Arizona and college is out of session.  I'd imagine it is a hang out for the locals and college kids alike.
5	I really like this place. They have a wide variety of food here and the staff has always been friendly. Prices are very good, I'm not sure how some people spend so much they must be ordering special drinks or something. Anyways Good food and specials here. I like to get the omelette but everything I've seen looks pretty good, especially those cinnamon rolls sitting in front of you at the counter. I like how you order at the counter, saves time and money. I'm glad they moved in here after baja fresh bit the dust. I also like to eat on the patio but it is getting a little too hot out now.
4	I didn't realize this was a counter service breakfast place.We arrived when they opened and the staff was very friendly.  The fresh brewed tea was made and waiting for me to serve myself.I tried the biscuits and gravy and they were good.My daughter had an order of 2 pancakes.  They were huge and looked amazing.  One would have been plenty for a normal sized eater!  And much cheaper to order two then the menu listing of 3.I want to go back and try the chicken friend steak.
5	Went in for the first time for brunch today. The woman who took our order was really nice. She could tell I was having a hard time making a decision and recommended the avocado eggs benedict. So I got it, even though I've never had that before and I love over-medium eggs. My partner got the chicken-fried steak. By the way, you order at the walk-up counter. We got our drinks and sat down. The food came out really fast! The pancakes for my partner were going to take a bit they said, which was no problem. About two minutes later, a man told us they had to make the batter for the pancakes so it was just going to be a bit longer and asked if we'd like some biscuits while we waited. We said sure, and he brought out two small, hot biscuits. THEY WERE DELICIOUS! And surprisingly really filling! He also brought some strawberry jam too. I don't even LIKE jam and I thought it was so good! And seriously 5 minutes later they brought out the pancakes. Not a big deal at all to wait at most 5-7 minutes for a side when your main meal is already out. But to bring some complimentary and delicious biscuits? EXCELLENT customer service and attentiveness all the way around. The chicken fried steak was really good and had some great flavor. The sauce especially had some nice seasoning to it. The hash browns were browned and crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. I personally would have liked them a bit more done, but it was no problem and really could be the difference of being cooked 30 more seconds. So, consider that my petty personal preference. Since I've never had eggs benedict before, I have nothing to gage my judgement against. So take what I'm about to say with a grain of salt: the first few bites were good. But after awhile, everything was a bit too soft and a bit too bland, even with salt and pepper. It makes sense; you have a smooth sauce, a poached egg (also my first one), a soft avocado, soft tomato slice, and an English muffin (evenly sliced and while warm, not toasted that I could tell.)  That's a lot of soft food with mellow flavors all at once. Not my favorite, but I could see how someone else would like it. Like I said, since it was my first one, I have nothing to compare. I ate about 1/2 of it, and since I had hash browns and that biscuit, you can see how I was full! Considering the chicken fried steak was delicious, I think it's just my preference that I didn't care for the eggs benedict. The only true compliant I'd have about it was that there was a bit too much hollandaise sauce. I would ask for half the amount. Overall we'd go back again, and try new things. They had some yummy sounding French toast and other solid breakfast staples.
5	This place is awesome, always greeted with a smile and very polite cashiers. This is a counter order establishment. Place your order and they give you a number to place on your table. They run food out to your table. The portion sizes are great. Have 2 TV's to keep you occupied if needed. Breakfast is available all day.
2	I was looking forward to trying this place as I like this type of fare!  Ordered the breakfast veggie wrap and iced latte. Food came out quickly with generous sized portions for all three of us and looked great when served, but maybe we expected more because nothing really blew us away. In fact,  the bottom of the wrap was soggy - maybe veggies were not drained enough after steaming?  Grilled veggies would give this some flavor as it was pretty bland as well. I couldn't eat it but didn't let staff know...I might have if someone had come around to see how it all turned out. A gentleman came by about 1 minute after we got our food... of course everything is fine then!The mark of a good restaurant is when the manager asks how the meal WAS. It's the only way to get the valuable feedback needed to know how the food is actually coming out of the kitchen. Friend said her French toast was delish, but could taste a hint of onion like a spatula was shared at the grill. She and I both received our lattes well into our meals and only after asking for them when food arrived. Server was polite and apologetic but might have done something like made them a large to show appreciation for our patience.I still want to like this place, so plan to go back and try a different item and chalk this meal up as a one-off disappointment... that's possible, right? Would be happy to edit this review after my next experience... hopefully for the good!
1	I ordered the veggie omelet w/ a side of sausage. The omelet was incomplete. While the menu listed all these delicious vegetables and avocado... Mine had onions and mushrooms with three different kinds of cheese... too much cheese and it was bland. The sausage tasted like butter. So gross. It was as if they marinated the links in butter over night. The service was friendly.
5	Big portions, good flavor, great prompt service, great price.  Pancakes  than IHOP, waffles better than Waffle House, French toast better than...making it yourself.  Will be back.
