5	Move Smart Moving made our move a breeze!  From the first phone call to the last piece of furniture that was put in the living room Move Smart Moving was extremely thorough, very professional and great to work with!  They were even early arriving to begin the move.  There were no hidden fees or extra charges even  though we had three stops and moved into a third floor apartment.  I can highly recommend Move Smart Moving.  They do great work and will save you money and time.
1	On Sept 19 I moved with these people.  The guys they sent were polite and worked hard.  It was the second time I had used this company.  First time they put a crease in my freezer drawer on my fridge.  I didn't complain I just chalked it up to things happen.  First time it was 2 guys and a 16ft truck.  Took them 4 hours to move me from a one story to a two story.  Second time it was 3 guys and a 24 foot truck and it took them 6.5 hours to do it.  I was exhausted and had a paper shoved at me to sign that everything was fine, nothing broken.  I told the guy I had no way of knowing that so he said then go through it all piece by piece.  I signed the paper out of exhaustion,  Next morning my 1800.00 stove that was set in the garage had a cracked glass top.  I called, they said they weren't responsible because I didn't take out the insurance they offered me.  They never offered me any insurance.  I fortunately did take a picture of the front page of what I signed because they didn't bring any paperwork to give me, not professional at all.  They offered me 125.00 and just the top cost 420.00, no labor to put it on the stove.  I said no and argued for days with them, they said they would pay it in house and give me 185.00.  I still said no,  They said all I had was .60 a pound for payment.  But the front page said I had a $250 deductible so therefore I had more than the minimum insurance they were saying I would be paid at according to the laws I looked up on the net.  Long story short they finally did order the top from a "sister" company and bring it to my house one full month after they broke my stove. I got to put the top on the stove myself.   I had to resort to telling them I was going to see what I could do legally about it before they would do anything other than tell me it wasn't their problem.  Cassundra is always out of the office for days according to her when things don't get done.  I need to cook at home because I am a celiac and she knew this.  The stove top came in on Sat according to her and it took until Wed for her to bring it to me and they wouldn't allow me to come pick it up.  If you go to their office address the receptionist will ask if you have an appointment and not let you in.  My suggestion is move it yourself or hire someone else.  The guys that do the work are great but the company itself isn't.
5	They were awesome! I had a limited budget and they stuck to it without any issues - and moving into a 2nd floor apartment. The guys were friendly and pleasant to be around even at the end of their day. No hidden fees, no scams and no damages to any of my items!
5	I saw Move Smart Moving on channel 15 news and thought I'd give them a try. I needed to move the day before Thanksgiving. I called the company 2 weeks before my move date and talked to Cassandra. She was very professional and helpful. I've called other movers on the phone to set up a move and did not recieve the same service. I also ended up paying a lot more than specified from their estimates they gave me. When moving day arrived, Move Smart had 4 men instead of the 2 I was promised and thought... here we go again with the hidden costs!! To my surprise, I was NOT charged for the extra moving men. The foreman Quintin was very polite as were Josh, Jimmy and Francisco. The men were very helpful, professional and organized. They took special care to pack tv's and protect all my furniture. Move Smart did NOT charge me for the miles, gas or wear and tear on their moving van which is pretty much unheard of with other moving co's. They also hussled instead of moving slow as other company's do to charge you more for their time! All and all I was EXTREMELY impressed with Move Smart moving co. and will hire from this co. with future moves and of course refer them to freinds and family
