4	For a new person living in downtown Pittsburgh (and PA in general), as much as there are great regional and local food options, let's be serious...there are not many "healthy/fresh/raw" restaurant options.  I was excited to find Simple Ingredients for I was desperately seeking heathy/green/fresh options outside the confines of my kitchen in downtown Pittsburgh.I have only been once.  I had the Super Foods Salad.  Simple, healthy, fresh, raw.  Salmon was good.  Fit the bill on exactly what I was looking for.  I will absolutely be back.No seating, so you order and they make fresh, you pay for it, you eat it somewhere else (desk or home!).  SIMPLE!
5	I've been wanting to try Simple Ingredients for a while and finally got my chance.  While home recovering from appendicitis surgery,  I walked the few blocks from our apartment and was glad I did. I walked in and told them I needed something light with chicken and they immediately suggested a chicken salad wrap. They made it quickly to order and chatted with me about my health issue.  They were friendly,  polite and the price was decent. Overall... This is a great addition to downtown!
5	I had an awesome freshly prepared wrap and delicious soup! If you want to eat healthy, easy, and delicious this is the place downtown. This seems to be the only place like it in the area and I'm so glad to have this option for a quick lunch or a dinner pickup on the way home.
3	I had passed this place a bunch of times on my commute into work every day... and definitely was excited to see a healthy/fast spot open up (we need more in Pgh!!)Have to be honest though that my salad tasted like a McDonald's salad. I had some yucky pieces of lettuce in mine, the chicken was kind of spongey and the tortilla chip crunchies just didn't taste good.... I dunno, not for me. I had the southwestern chicken salad. I'll definitely give it another shot. Hopefully my next one is better. I'll be rooting for this place!
5	A great place to grab something nutritious, light and quick!  I travel to Pittsburg for work, so it is nice to have a reliable place with fresh and healthy ingredients.  The staff is always happy and friendly too!!
