5	The wife and I stayed a week in Edinburgh (visiting from California) and found this jewel of a place fantastic!!  The staff - especially Susan - was awesome and extremely helpful and informative.The rates are reasonable and the service was great.  Our stay included breakfast which was basic but a fantastic way to start the day.  We're not food snobs but the food was always fresh and prepared as ordered.The club is located within walking distance from the center of town (or 5 pounds by cab) but there are hills to conquer to get you there.  The room was clean and had all our needs covered.The club is full of history and I encourage you to walk through and soak it all in ... there a re a couple of areas not open to non-members but the rest of the club is and everyone we encountered was welcoming.Highly recommend!
3	[This review us for the Scott's Room Dining - We did not stay at the hotel]Uh oh.. what is going on here?! We booked a table for Sunday lunch on a Itison voucher.We were looking forward to the advertised exquisite 3 course meal and a 'kir' to boot!We arrived at the reception and we were given direction to the Scott's Room - the Members Club Dining room. I was impressed with the venue. Old Heritage Scottish decor and many military reminders and memories displayed throughout. A few Princess Royal (Anne) paintings and portraits were dotted around the place. Majestic and sophisticated.. this promised to be one great lunch in such a surrounding. On arrival in the Scott's Room we were greeted and seated by a very friendly gentleman, who poured us a nice Kir - (Not a 'Kir Royal' as Anita A. thought she was getting).We noticed that the 'regular tables' had linen napkins, as we had paper ones. The crockery was all Wedgwood porcelain  and EIIR crestedWe were supplied with an 'special itison voucher menu' - You what? Why? I am here to have a taste of your regular offerings for the voucher price. Not a special cheaper version of your fares..that defeats the purpose of having a voucher, right? However the option were plentiful enough. The lady serving us was friendly and supplied tap water as well for our table. After explaining the soup option we were left to select our Starter & Main.We both chose the same meals: Chicken Pate with Oatcake. Roast Beef, dumplings and Yorkshire pudding. We also took a bread roll each (for a supplement: 80p per person). Whilst Anita was on her way to the 'powder room' I ordered a bottle of prosecco. Which was put in a bucket and added to the small table we were sitting at. The cutlery wasn't changed according to the starter of choice. The table real estate was still occupied by the (now) redundant soup spoons. Then on pouring the prosecco - new glasses, great! Poured in the wrong glass, not so great.. I had to request the empty glasses to be removed, as they were also taking up space. I found that refilling our prosecco glasses was to be done by ourselves.Normally the above is not an issue, but with space at a premium it did became a bit of a bother to me. I normally am not as picky or pedantic about left soup spoons or empty glasses on the table, but if the restaurant lauds its own 'impeccable dining service experience' this becomes an issue. I wanted, nay EXPECTED top service. So what if I am here on a voucher - this is their opportunity to shine, to invite me into this wonderful restaurant of theirs so I may decide to come back for some other reason in the future, maybe even bring some friends. But if the basics are not met, I take that in. Starters were nothing special and once finished we received our mains (soup spoons still there). Two thick slices of roast beef. A Yorkshire pudding (tumbler size), two dumplings and some mangetout & carrot cubes. It was supplied with a liberal serving of gravy, yummy! We also received some horseradish. I was so looking forward to this. On closer inspection the beef was 'done'. No pink areas, or even a slither of rose. Nope. DONE. Dry And though. Yes the beef was difficult to slice and chew. I tried both pieces to ensure it wasn't just that particular one. Anita was also struggling to get a bit off the beef. We have experience with roast beef and we know how it should taste and look. We had a brilliant soft, pink and 'melt in mouth' experience in Kyloe for Sunday lunch. We've also made beef roast ourselves. So yes we expected a similar offering. Sadly no.. We did mention this to the waitress and she in turn let the chef know. They apologised and explained that this particular roast was left a little too long in the oven. We gathered that much. Unfortunately this distracted us from enjoying our mains so I can't really comment on the other parts, I guess they were alright..We were offered a new main, we declined this as we did eat the veg and were slightly filled with that. (- I did notice that during all this our soup spoons where finally removed as well) On to the desserts.We asked for the apple crumble with custard. (normally their menu with have vanilla ice cream included, but I guess itison voucher diners are not privvy to that). The waitress advised that the chef had added extra portion of apple crumble to compensate for the main course. This now was indeed a bowl full of pie! The custard was hot and we enjoyed this, best part of the meal! In all I expected more, a lot more. I received instead a mediocre meal and no service of the advertised standard. Disappointed. They have such a good spot and as a venue they are certainly on many people's list to visit. We may even think of hiring a banqueting room, but arrange our own catering and serving staff thank you very much..I have had much better meals in lesser classed venues.
