3	Food was very good and the setting was very nice. Rather expensive for what you get. Suprisingly small portions...  Sorry, three stars. Give more for the money and this place could easily be 5 stars.We will try again and post results in the future.
1	The habachi is way to expensive for the portion that they serve.  For hibachi steak & shrimp they charge 18.00, which is more then the prices on other hibachi places and they cook infront of you.  For 18.00 the portions were really small.  Usually I'm not able to eat the whole meal in other hibachi restaurants but in Yama, I ate the whole meal (besides the soup, didn't like it) and was still a little hungry.  Place is nice. Food was okay, portions were horrible.  I do not recommend it.
3	Yama is located within the array of attractions in Concord; from the mall to the speedway. It is easy to overlook as it is often overshadowed by major chain restaurants.I have been to the restaurant a few times for lunch and have had their sushi and hibachi. The hibachi is average. I've had better. Additionally, don't expect the excitement of having your food cooked in front of you, as I don't believe they have table-side grills. However, the restaurant is clean and inviting.The sushi is good.. average. I don't know that I would come here without the company of my coworkers, as they seem to really enjoy it.
5	Best in concord area. Super fresh and great service You have to try this place!
5	Awesome sushi! Great service, tasty food and a very comfortable atmosphere. Kid friendly/ family friendly.  Lots of variety, menu combos, raw and cooked selection.This is as good as Sushi gets.  Don't complain about the price because Wed and Sun are BOGO 1/2Off.
4	We've been here about 5 times now. We go sushi hopping so we cant comment on the food. The rolls that we got have always been great. Try the Dynamite roll and tell me thats not excellent. Talk to the chef and tell him your likes and dislikes, they will work with you. Very clean, good staff and nice atmosphere. Sundays and Wednesdays they have a special of buy one, get the second 1/2 price, even specialty rolls. This last time we ordered 2 Dynamite, 2 Red Dragon, Dexter and a Fire roll. It came in a boat, was offered free salad sample, 2 complimentary hand rolls and fruit. With drink,tax and tip, walked out around $50. If your in the area and looking for sushi, this is the place. If you disagree, then go to Tsunami.... We like this place.
4	After visiting Nakato's and Edomae last week we stopped here on the way back home. We cant speak for the food but once again our sushi experiance was excellent. Four rolls were ordered and again very satisfied. The Dynamite roll is recomended by us and should be tried. We're a fan of this place for the area for sushi. Buy one get the second 1/2 price wednesdays and sundays....
5	Can't beat this place.  Good for Kids and Good for Groups.  If you aren't sure what to get in the way of Sushi, just ask!  They will help you decide and if it isn't on the menu, the Sushi Chef will make you anything you want!!!!!Go on in and enjoy REAL sushi
3	While on vacation in Concord earlier this week, I was craving some sushi.  So I went searching on Yelp and based on the reviews and closeness to the mall, I opted for Yama.  It was a Wednesday and I didn't realize it was buy one roll, get one roll half off.  I ordered a total of four rolls and edamame for me and my ten year old and it was $20.17!  I was floored at the value as sushi at home in CT is about 10-15 per roll, depending on the fanciness/complexity of the roll.  So we headed back to my inlaws and I was so excited the whole way home to eat my sushi.  Once I got home and actually started eating the sushi, that's when reality kicked in.  It was good sushi, not great.  The value was the only great part.  To sum it up, for everyday boring sushi on a Wednesday or Sunday, then Yama is your place.  I definitely would not pay full price for any of those rolls on a different day.  Next time I am in Concord for a visit, I will spend a little more elsewhere and get something unique and memorable.
3	Good sushi at reasonable prices with a friendly staff. I haven't tried anything but their sushi but my favorite is the Volcano roll. I haven't had a bad roll yet. I recommend coming on one of their buy one get one half off days (Wednesdays and I think Sundays also) so you can try more rolls. Otherwise it could get a bit pricey.
4	Great first dining experience! Went there at lunchtime... wasn't too busy. I ordered sushi (Cherry lunch combo) and my husband had the hibachi chicken. Both meals were excellent! The staff was very friendly, came by to check on us and refill our drinks several times. We will definitely go here instead of other local Japanese restaurants in the future.
2	This place is average. I love Miso soup, there's was not good at all.
5	I'm a big fan of the sushi. The volcano roll is great if you like crunchy sushi. The hunters vile is delicious too. Fair prices. Average atmosphere. I'd recommend if you're looking for a comfortable place to enjoy good sushi.
3	In the Concord Mills area, we decided we wanted to try some sushi. In retrospect, that may not be the best choice. Just being in that area lends itself to those looking for a quick meal, which may or may not meet certain quality standards, no matter where you go. There are places that stand out, but as always, it takes a certain effort to do so.Here, that effort falls a bit short. Their menu is reasonable enough, and you do get the choice of items from the "hibachi" menu or from a sushi menu. But while waiting for the food to be delivered (and this can take a while), the service seems to forget you are there from time to time, and when it comes out, there is nothing particularly memorable. Also, even with the buy one get one half off deal that is offered, you may find that the bill is a bit on the pricey side.
3	Went there for dinner on a Sat night. The hibachi is over priced for the portion size and was over cooked. Sushi was good though. If you are looking for a good sushi place I would recommend but not for the hibachi.
4	This place is close to Concord Mills, but across the street. A little difficult to get to, but I finally found it. The secret is go straight through the light at Burger King and turn left right in front of Mayflower. I went there at lunchtime... only one other couple there on Wednesday, right at 11:30 AM opening. I ordered sushi (Cherry lunch combo: 3 rolls and miso soup). The sushi was excellent in taste and presentation! My reason for 4 stars... they scrimped a little on the ginger and wasabi (I ran out) and the soup was only broth with 2 hunks of tofu and a bit salty for me.The staff was very friendly, came by to check on me and refilled my drink several times. There were making a real effort to get us fed and out of there fast. The sushi chef listened as I was giving the order (my table was very close to him) and he started making my order while the waiter was still entering the order into their computer. He watched intently as I tasted everything too... I gave him a nod of approval when I had sampled. He smile and seemed to enjoy the approval. The waiter walked by each table and checked several times to see if everything was ok. He asked if I wanted my tea refilled two times also. The manager/owner made sure my check was delivered and picked up promptly, when I was finished. A+ for team work and service today.My bill was $14, I thought quite reasonable for lunch. I will definitely go here again.
4	This place for some reason doesn't have the best reviews. I can honestly say the food has always been great and no complaints. Obviously like most hibachi it is $$$. However, the portion size is filling with take home. I normally order the steak & shrimp and it is $18.95- pretty standard. The shrimp sauce is on point but I will say the homemade ranch for the salad is not ( get ginger).My go to place since I moved to the area. No wait and I in and out with a full belly :)Must try!
3	Went for dinner on a Saturday night a few weeks ago. I give them 4 stars for the sushi and apps, and 1-2 stars for the entrees. The sushi is great for the price and tasted fresh. The entrees were mediocre at best. The chicken hibachi was boring and the steak tasted gamey and kind of weird. The miso soup was okay, the salad left a lot to be desired. Service was fine and the sushi is great. Just stay away from the actual entrees. And if your eye happens to catch the big "buy one get one half off" sign on your way in, be sure to also notice the much smaller print that says "Sundays and Wednesdays only". We probably should have caught that, but felt a little misled.
2	Today was our second visit to Yama. Our first visit was stellar which is why I am giving them 2 stars. Tonight was a complete fiasco! Long wait to be seated, waitress made it clear she did not want to wait on us. She took forever to take our orders. The children's food came out first with no word on our sushi orders. Kids finished eating with still no word about our sushi. After we waited over an hour for SUSHI, We said we were leaving give us our bill and were informed our sushi was done. Obviously a lie because we waited another ten minutes and still no sushi. We tried to leave again and was told our sushi was done AGAIN. We said pack it up we are leaving. 20 minutes later we were out the door. By the time we got home sushi was soggy and disgusting. No manager stopped by our table to apologize. Beyond disappointed. Concord Mills has so many choices on where to eat that we will be exploring other options in the future!
3	It was ok. Not sure if I'll go back or not. My lunch came with a California roll, two pieces of shrimp tempura and hibachi steak. My husband had the hibachi steak. It was not what I would consider real hibachi.  It was steak with some broccoli next to a scoop of rice and some over-cook carrots.  $22 for lunch. When I pay $22 for lunch I want to be wowed. The service was great though.
2	I came in here for lunch the other day. I will start off by saying the service was excellent and my waitress was more than attentive. I have absolutely no complaints with the service or the atmosphere.It was very empty with only one other table inside. I ended up getting the sashimi platter as well as a ginger salad and miso soup. The sashimi was VERY disappointing. The fish was not very good quality and it was room temperature. It was difficult to swallow without gagging. I genuinely could not eat the last 4 pieces and had to throw them out. The salad and miso were what I expected. 2 stars because of the sashimi.
4	Food delicious. Sushi selection primarily shrimp and tuna variations. Only bad thing is restaurant is poorly lit in the evening.  I will be returning for lunch soon.
3	Okay. Too much dressing on salad.  The yellow tail roll was good.  The yellow tail sashimi sliced very thin
4	I went there a while back, maybe 6 months ago. My girlfriend and I went there for her lunch break and luckily, we landed upon their special hour/day. Their sushi was pretty decent, it was just a little over my price range if not for the specials. The service was okay but the sushi chef was really welcoming. I would go there again, but maybe only for a date and not as casual eating out.
4	We went for dinner here for the first time on Friday night.  This is a small restaurant,  but is decorated nicely.  The server was nice and attentive without over doing it.  When we arrived,  there were very few other diners,  but by the time we left the restaurant had filled up.  We shared 6 sushi rolls between 3 adults.  Some of the rolls we got were huge, making them difficult to eat,  but they were all good.  Of the sushi choices close to our house,  this is probably at the top of the list now.
