4	Grabbed a quick bite here today and I was impressed.  I thought this place would be like a Taco Bell but was suprised that the food was actually pretty good.  They mostly have a simple mexican fast food menu but, they also sell burgers and have a small breakfast selection available all day.  I didn't have any problems with my order however another customer from the drive-thru came in with a complaint.  They fixed their mistake quickly and without hassle.  Prices are good and the portions are huge.  They also got an A from the health department, so I'll be back.
1	:)
4	Thumbs up for the 50 cents - 1 dollar menu. Just got a 2 full bags of food for 2 and two drinks for 8 bucks. Taco bell's menu of cheap items are left in the dust here. Food is fresh for fast food.
5	great Tacos hereWrite off taco bell
1	I guess their "open 24hrs" sign is just for looks, or maybe they were too busy checking facebook on their smartphones at 2:30am on a saturday night, it's all good cause jack in the box ALWAYS has prompt service..maybe next time huh?..
1	Went to the drive thru to get some food. Apparently the manager thought it was a brilliant idea to take an unusually large order through the drive thru and inconvenience the rest of us that were waiting in the neighborhood of 15 plus minutes in line behind this genius or geniuses that placed said order in the drive thru!! This was totally ridiculous and they had a delivery at the same time so there was a semi blocking the parking lot as well!! WTH I finally backed out of the drive thru and left in disappointment!! You geniuses have lost my business for good! I'll never come back and will tell everyone i know to go elsewhere as well!! That was the dumbest most inconsiderate experience I've ever had in my life!! Its a drive thru to expedite service not hinder it!! You should be ashamed of yourselves!! Never again will you treat me badly! I hope you close your doors!! Btw time was 9:20pm  on sat 4-19-14  TERRIBLE SERVICE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
