4	There is something about the smell of fresh paint and woodchips that makes you feel like a man. Which, may not be good, if, for example, you're not, but for me, it's pretty satisfying. Sure, it's hard to find . . . everything inside, but that's half the fun. You can almost use Home Depot as a barometer for testosterone based on how quickly a dude can find something inside. Regulars will know random info, like "Oh, ceiling fans? That's on the west side of the store, near aisles 13 and 14." Keep in mind these are guys that don't work there, they just are regulars, like in the Cheers kind of way. Truth be told, I'm not the handiest around. I'll tell you what though, after spending a while and finding the right part or piece to make some otherwise expensive repair is pretty goddamn satisfying, I don't care who you are.
3	I can sometime do it and Home Depot can sometime help.  This is a hit or miss kind of place.  On days when I'm lucky, someone is walking the ailses who actually know where things are and will even answer all my very basic questions on simple DYI repairs. On other days, they're even more clueless than I am.
3	Stopped by today to get a few things and when I was walking through the garden section I saw a baby bunny!! The girl working there said they have a bunch of them living there and that the bunny's are happy as can be... Crazy, but pretty cool...
4	I am handy around the house - but like most things, a little knowledge is a dangerous thing.  This Home Depot is close to home, so I frequent it quite often.  It is a typical Home Depot, but what i really like about it is that there are knowledgeable people that work there that will tell me when I am out to lunch.  Sometimes (well most of the times) I need a little direction, and they are always most helpful.I think on some of the items, their inventory is a little sparse, compared to Lowe's.  But the people seem much friendlier, and much more willing to help.  Even the customers, if I am looking somewhat perplexed, will make suggestions. Can't beat that!!
2	Home Depot USUALLY rocks. I feel a personal responsibility to report my experience at this location.Went to purchase some boxes and a dolly for a move I have coming up. Boxes- check. Dolly-check... wait a second!  Why is this thing wobbly and hard to pull?? OH, because there is a HOLE in the tire I could fit my FIST into!This was probably due to the fact that Home Depot accepted a return from a customer that used or ABUSED this dolly. Either reject this person from making the return OR take your losses and demote this thing to be used on the floor. Do NOT try to resell it as NEW?!?I posted a picture of this dolly, FYI, in case you can't believe what I'm saying.Just a little advice, from now on I will be making sure my merchandise is NEW when shopping at this Home Depot and probably the other ones as well.
4	Quick fix, good prices. Not the brightest light bulbs in the pack (making me visit with return trips to finish one small project) but all in all I know what and where to find what I need.
4	Whenever I go to the Home Depot I try to make it seem like I know exactly what I'm looking for (even though I usually don't).  Even when I've been "on a mission" I'm always approached by the staff.  Customer service is consistent, prices are competitive, and it's organized in a fairly logical manner.  I always walk out feeling confident with my selection.  This is another store that can be a nightmare for an indecisive person like myself; a decent selection of inventory always makes it hard to choose!  Ask someone for assistance and you'll find it much easier to make a decision.  I purchased my patio furniture from this store.  There was a deal going on for free shipping with an online purchase, so we asked a sales associate if he could call in the online order for us.  Within fifteen minutes my beautiful set had been ordered; it arrived in a massive box two days later.  I had to ask a friend to help me set it up--the delivery people do not offer assistance with assembly (that I know of). What more is there to say?  It's Home Depot.  I've never had a bad experience at this store.
3	i go to this depot too all the time because it is right across the street from work. so when i'm done with my paying job, i drive across the street and can pick up stuff for my non-paying job. pretty standard depot....unless you vigorously hunt someone down for help, you ain't gettin any.
4	I came to this store looking for icicle lights with green wires that my other Home Depot didn't have. Well, this store didn't have them either, sadface, but I did notice it looked less cluttered and a little more organized. Staff was friendly and offered helped. I didn't browse as I was on a mission for lights, but I would come back here again if I needed anything that my closer Home Depot didn't have.
2	This is a first for me. I tried to return a tool that failed. I was told my receipt expired. I explained the tool died the day I bought it but it is hot out and I have not been doing much in my workshop. I was told there was nothing they could/ would do about it. I advised them to throw the tool away and that they lost a long time customer. By the way the tool was a arrow rivet gun. Total value with tax is $21.00 As a homeowner in the neighbor hood this costs them potentially tens of thousands of dollars over my life time.I will drive the extra mile and go to another home building center.
1	Just for the record, It has been almost 30 days since Home Depot publicly said they would "look into it". Not a peep.I have since out of habit pulled into the parking lot twice and once even got almost to the door before I realized what I was doing. I got back in the car and went to Ace Hardware once and to Lowes the other time. Not a lot of money about $100.Bathroom cabinet, sink, counter top, toilet etc. In September. Just not from Home Depot.
1	Bought washer/dryer. The vendor they outsource to delivery/install to is Barlows Distributors. Vendor said they would call 30 min in advance of arrival within the 9 am - 1 PM window provided. It was not our home, so it was important to get a call so we could go there for the delivery. The first call is Barlows saying they are at the door. We explained we were four miles away and didn't get the 30 min call, they said too bad and left. Home Depot can outsource the service, but not their accountability.Very upset. People at Barlows were rude as well.
1	Continue to be horrible. Now I ordered carpet, they input the wrong one, when I communicate this they tell me the carpet I ordered 12/24 is no longer carried! This store is a train wreck.
3	Home Depot is normally very good about accepting returns on plants that have died within the time frame listed on the receipt. I believe some are 90 days and others up to a year. It was explained to me that returns could not be done on plants killed in the recent frost. The manager explained that he lost 20k in plants himself and that frost is "an act of God" and he could not accept the returns. I was surprised by this since the summers are hellish here and he accepts returns on plants that have withered and died in the AZ sun. I did not argue with him. I simply asked if he could throw away the bag of dead plants. About 5 minutes later he walked up behind me and explained that he could offer a gift card for the most expensive of the plants killed in the frost. I appreciate that he didn't let me leave the store disappointed. I will also head back to use the GC when I'm sure the AZ winter has is done  with "it's acts of God".
1	Horrible!! As a gift my parents got us a gift card to The Home Depot to help install new floors in our house. We called Home Depot to set up an appointment and the Home Depot advised that we needed to pay a fee to have the house measured. We set that up and paid the fee to get the area measured. We requested a quote for wood and tile, tile in the entry and kitchen and wood in the family room. We decided to do this and move forward with the flooring. Home Depot required 100% payment upfront. After about 5 weeks the day of the install comes.....6 hours late the installer tears out 50% of my old tile and informs us the measurements are wrong and we needed to pay additional for extra supplies and installation. We called Home Depot and complained, they said that they will take care of the extra installation for the portion that was not measured by them but we need to pay for the extra supplies. Home Depot told us that if we did not agree they would stop the work that I already paid 100% of and not take care of the extra installation that they missed leaving my house torn apart. The extra cost of the job is $400 on a $5,000 job and this is crazy!! We pay to have an area measured to get a job done that ends up being measured wrong and without any other option we get stuck with extra charges.
4	I enjoy going to this HD. Recently bought a home and have so many questions. Everyone in this HD is very easy going and down to Earth. Some people might find their attitude toward each other rude but I find it humorous. It makes a work day go by faster and I don't take offense to it.  So far every employee I've encountered has been helpful and if not knowledgable about a certain product will find someone who is. I would like to say Ron in mill works is very knowledgable when helping me choose the right window. And Kevin a supervisor has continued to provide excellent service. I will continue my journey of house renovation with the help of this HD.
4	I dropped in this location to pick up a few things for the house.  I was assisted by Keith, who did a great job walking me around to the various areas to find what I need.  He deserves to be recognized for his great customer service.  He also had a genuine attitude and smile....even my Wife commented that he went over the top for us and we were only picking up a few small items.  It wasn't like we were spending big bucks this visit.Return Factor - 90%
5	Over Labor Day Weekend I went to Home Depot looking to start a remodel on my kitchen. I needed to start with a new refrigerator, stove and microwave. My last experience with Sears made me promise myself I would never buy another thing from them. Well... I had a fantastic experience at The Mt. View location in Scottsdale, Wes, our salesman made good points on the items I was looking at. No pressure, and he took a lot of time with me. great experience and when the delivery was made, the men that delivered were good, setting everything up. Home Depot you have my business.
4	Have you ever been to a store where everyone is so friendly and helpful that it kind of freaks you out?I have probably been to more different Home Depots than most people so I have a pretty good handle on what the typical Home Depot is like. As far as merchandise, layout and cleanliness is concerned this location is a little above average. Where it goes really over the top is in it's customer service. I have been here on three different occasions;  once solo and twice with my husband and on all three occasions every employee went above and beyond to greet us and ask if they can be of assistance. Maybe I am cynical and jaded but after the 4th or 5th employee approaches us and is super friendly I start looking around for a hidden camera. This Home Depot might want to dial it down a notch.
4	Need cool hardware for your newly remodeled bathroom? In the mood for some DIY instructional classes? Got a troublesome case of fire ants in your laundry room? How about some annoying crab grass taking over your luscious lawn?Home Depot is the place you should be! I do have some bias here, as I believe their prices are more reasonable than Lowe's (competitor). After all, this was one of the first credit cards I opened after I got hitched in late 2002. We're divorced now, but I'm still a loyal HD fan and have never lost the loving feeling.Plus, the smell (think sawdust, packaging, fresh soil, and the lightest scent of pesticide) is heavenly in their stores. Wait... is that wierd??
1	One of the worst places to get customer service. A horrible experience trying to order and get installation done for my house
