3	Honestly, you might have been frustrated at Korean BBQ portions in regular places and perhaps even more when you had to pay $30 for it. Well, here comes Kanda's alter ego (which probably caught some of its market share given that the sushi place is aiming for BBQ as well): same formula, same result.Indeed, you will find a selection of eight meats (ox tongue, marinated chicken lamb ALL YOU CAN EAT) and  many side dishes that are good enough to fill your glutony. Sashimis, Korean kimchi pizza (well, some sort of pajeon), raw beef and the cutest of all: Mini-Bibimpap. And that's what specifically smart about this place as actual side dishes are served in small portions and not bowls like Tokyo Sushi would do. Hungry for a lot of Korean food? Go for it. $25 after tax, with a soft drink included.
3	I went there the other day and i was pleased.  Like mentionned before, the formula is simple.  All you can eat.  Take a sheet and check what you want, give the sheet, repeat!  The meat is not grade A, but it's ok.  Next time, i'll probably only focus on ribs and beef.The service is ok and the staff is nice.Free soft drinks
1	I have never been to a restaurant before where I have wanted to leave before my meal even arrived but this is what happened at Tianxia. A friend and I decided to stop in here for lunch the other day and it was probably the most horrific restaurant experience of my life. We arrived just after 1pm and it was completely empty. We sat down at a set table and looked at the menu, which seemed decent enough. It was not until I looked up from my menu that I saw that the tables surrounding ours were still covered in old plates and food that hadn't been cleared after the patrons left. Not just 1 table but multiple tables. The person working had absolutely no regard for the fact that there were tables that required clearing, and never cleared them while we were there (which was for almost an hour). We friend and I both ordered the Bi Bim Bap which seemed easy and 'safe' enough (how could you mess it up). Once our order was in we were brought a bowl of miso soup and small dish of marinated bean sprouts and kimchi. This is usually my favorite part of a Korean meal and I was looking forward to it. I took one taste of the bean sprouts and almost spat them out. They had most certainly been sitting, uncovered, in a fridge for some time and had definitely gone bad. The kimchi as well was old, dry, and tasted horrible. I made such a face that my friend wouldn't even taste them. The soup was lukewarm and tasteless. After my 2 small, inedible bites of starters I was thinking of telling the waiter that we were going to go somewhere else and not to bother with out mains, but we decided to stick it out as we're not the kinds of people to leave after ordering. 20 minutes later, our lunches arrived: overcooked reheated rice, cut up old imitation crab (on my bi bim bap?), some sort of indiscernible meat (which was a surprise as this is supposed to be a bbq place), green onions, and an undercooked egg (which I don't mind, except when I already don't trust the quality of the food that I'm eating). Now, my friend and I are both the kinds of people who will eat everything that we are served, whether we like it or not. We go out for lunch once a week and no food is off limits. You can imagine how bad the food must have been for us both to only be able to take a few bites before being so completely put off that we had to stop. I have never been tempted to dine and dash but I had no interest in paying for the meal that we were served. The restaurant was dirty, the food was old and bad, and the service was non-existent. Of course, we couldn't leave without paying, and were waiting around forever for the server to bring us our bill. He was busy chatting with the cook in the kitchen; too busy to 'wait' and clearly too busy to clear dirty tables. Finally, after sitting for 15 minutes after we had clearly finished eating, my friend went to the back, into the kitchen, and asked for our bills. Needless to say, we did not leave a tip.I have never before been worried about getting sick from eating in a restaurant before my experience at Tianxia. I have an iron stomach and can eat anything, but I could not eat more than just a few bites of my meal here. This is my first ever restaurant review and I hope that it will save people from getting sick from eating here. I will never go back here again, and I hope that they close themselves, before they are forced to close because of making someone sick.Do not eat here.
4	Great all you can eat buffet. You're given the buffet menu,choose the items you want,then sit back,get served and enjoy the delicious fare. The service is very prompt and attentive,but serving utensils would be a good idea when someone has to man the grill, larger dishes for the various sauces would be greatly appreciated as well.Overall, great food,very good service and reasonsbly priced.
4	The bibimbap here is good, better than Ganadara. Good portion, the beef wasn't ground as usual, but still good, and I liked the sauce. Only negative was the rice was too wet. It was crowded and most people ordered Korean bbq ($21.99 all you can eat) so we'll definitely be back for that.
4	Come here on an empty stomach! The amount of food is pretty hefty! Sure, you cook on the grill yourself, but there is a wide selection of (fresh) meats, and other food. It's a 'buffet', but chances are, you'll be full rather quickly (and it's pretty delicious!). The staff is friendly and very accommodating, though the gentleman was surprised that we couldn't eat more. We even brought a friend the second time to help us out (lol). Lunch seems to be more economical (cheaper and still a buffet).
4	Definitely a must visit for AYCE Korean BBQ in Montreal. Tianxia has better quality and more variety of meat than other places like Seoul Chako. For example, I find that Seoul Chako sometimes over-marinate their meat. Tianxia also offers free soft drinks in its AYCE price. My only criticism is that the place is a bit small so it can't accommodate large groups, and for a fun activity like Korean BBQ (where you cook the meat yourself), you want to go in large groups.
