5	I rarely review things on here, but I had such a positive experience that I wanted to let everyone know how great this place is!A pricier leather purse's strap started ripping, and I was upset about it until I learned that Eastside Shoe Repair does purse repairs as well as shoes. They fixed the strap for only $12 and did a fantastic job. It did take about 3 weeks to complete because they were so busy, but at that price, it was well worth the wait. Because I'm an idiot, I managed to rip it AGAIN in a completely different spot on a door jamb a mere six hours later. I was even more upset because it seemed less fixable than the first repair. I brought it in again and they fixed it perfectly, again for only $12. I think they may have taken pity on me, because the second more complicated repair only took about a week. I would highly recommend this place to anyone needing repairs on handbags as well as shoes, they did a great job and restored life to my favorite purse!
5	What a wonderful experience. Kind, knowledgeable service. Excellent work. I mean, totally amazing! The work I needed done required taking apart a purse and putting it back together with some better parts. Other shops in the area said it wasn't possible and suggested basically ruining the bag. The ladies at Eastside repaired the bag and it is now perfection!
5	Awwwww shoeeeeeeeeeee... t! Yelp comes through again!That's right folks, the site most known for it's rave restaurant reviews and rad recs for retails can indeed guide you to awesome services right in your backyard. I was packing last Thursday and realized I had some pretty scuzzy looking shoes (thanks winter) and without anytime to wash and polish them up, I decided to scour the interwebz for somewhere close to home that could spiff 'em up for me. As luck would have it this place has some solid reviews and is two minutes from my place. They have wonky hours because they have a boatload of work, but I was able to drop everything off Thursday and pick them up late on Friday... WHAT?! That's right, even as busy as they are, I told them I was getting on a plane Sunday morning and needed my kicks fast. Whelp, they were able to accommodate me and for that I'm grateful. I'm tramming around SF right now in my rad looking chukkas (instead of the 9 inches of snow that awaits my return) and I have to say, they look pretty damn good. Boots, leather, suede they can (and did) do it all! Thanks folks!
5	Eastside Shoe Repair is very popular. So popular they've limited their store hours to Thurs-Sat (other times by appointment). And their turn-around time is 3 weeks. I took a pair of leather, knee-high riding boots to get them resoled and was super satisfied with what I got back. The "Sole-Saver" process cost about $55 (and $5 more because I wanted them to waterproof my boots) but they also threw in a free polish and conditioning. They added a Vibram sole to my boots so I would have more traction, and unless you are looking directly at the bottom of my boots you can't tell that there were any additions. They're that good. My boots look practically new. Totally worth it if you have a pair of nice boots that are getting kind of grungy and need to be spruced up. They also fix other leather goods, but given the long wait for repairs, only take it to Eastside if you can live without it for 3 weeks. I also bought some MooBuzz polish, which is supposed to be made out of all natural ingredients and adds some waterproof-ness to your leather.They also require a 50% down payment and can text you when your goods are ready.
5	I brought in my beloved Clarks Desert Trek shoes with cracked soles. I requested a specific new replacement sole. They carefully talked me thorough all the available options. They also let me know about any contingencies that might require them to do different repair work during the process.When I picked up the repaired shoes, they were beautiful. They even replaced the insoles for me. It's like a brand new pair of shoes for half price. The wait was a bit long and it was a little difficult to find a time when they were open to pick up the shoes, but everything was well worth the wait.
5	I brought a pair of Doc's I won off Ebay here for heel repair. They did such a fantastic job at a really decent price.  They were able to put a sole on the heel of the boot without having to resole the entire boot. I wasn't even sure it was possible as the heel basically collapsed and nothing was left since the plastic was so old. The turn around time was about 6 weeks when I brought my shoes in, but it was worth it.
5	So happy with this place. I bought a pair of frey boots for super cheap and they did not fit in the calves when I put them on....I brought them here to see if they could stretch them and I went back after a week and they were still too tight so she agreed to try to stretch them again. They now fit perfect!!!! It only cost 20 dollars and they can text you when they are done. For both times it only took a couple of weeks. I will definitely go back here.
5	My grandparents would be ashamed of me, but when my favorite shoes broke, my first reaction was "Welp, better go buy a new pair." It wasn't til I was whining about it to a friend that it ever dawned on me I could take them to a cobbler--after all, the problem was only that a strap had pulled out of the sole.Being clueless about shoe repair, I emailed some pictures to Eastside through their website. The owner, Peg, got back to me within a day and told me it should be no problem, I could bring them by the next day and she would take a look. Best of all, they would be ready in time for my weekend trip.I brought both the broken shoe and its not-yet-damaged mate and after taking a look at them and doing some thorough tugging on the straps, Peg said she would repair the broken strap and reinforce all others. I dropped off the shoes at 12 pm and got a text at 4:20 pm that day saying they were ready. Peg recommended I wait another day before wearing them to make sure the glue was set and made sure I knew I could come back if I had more problems with the shoes.All in all, I was impressed with the service, turnaround, and price. I will definitely be back before winter to have a pair of boots re-heeled. They do have odd hours, but with a little planning it should be no problem to work around.
