4	I had the opportunity to attend the Grand Opening of Howl at the Moon.  They had complimentary food and drinks which was great.  Our waitress was really quick and on the ball.  That's what should be expected on opening night. What I really liked about Howl at the Moon was the entertainment.  This is a rock n' roll dueling piano bar, but it's way more.  It started with the pianos and then as the night progressed, it was a full on band.  They had drums, guitars and even a saxophone.  The entertainers energy and humor had the crowd going.  I also love the fact that bar staff got into the show as well.  They were up on the stage and on the bar dancing.I think Howl at the Moon is a great addition to the Old Town Scottsdale Nightlife.  And something that everyone can enjoy...not just 30K Millionaires, pervy trouts or cougars on the prowl.  Check it out!!
4	Was dying to check out this place because I used to frequent the one in Australia on the Gold Coast and I loved it. The musicians here are very talented and the show fun and interactive. As we weren't drinking they offered us free sodas... an added bonus. Cover charge is only $7...you definitely get more than your moneys worth! I would recommend getting there early for a good seat...or a seat at all for that matter....takes a while to get one as no one wants to leave this place. Only complaint is that if you are sitting more than four rows back the chatter overwhelms the music....I think there were a few sound issues...some microphones were not loud enough either....but these I am sure are just adjustment problems that will be ironed out as it was only their second night open. I am sure it won't be long till this is a five star place.
4	I agree with my fellow Yelpers.  This is a fun little venue, and worth the $7.00 cover charge.  The singers might not actually have the best voices, but they are definitely talented entertainers.  I went early-ish (9PM) and there were no seats left.  However, the place really didn't start jumping either until about 10:30PM so...
5	It's about time a dueling piano bar landed here in old-town! The atmosphere is loud, with multiple musicians getting on-stage to accompany the pianos and talk trash. Good moderately priced drinks (including a few "bucket size" concoctions). They have a shot girl wandering around on the weekends. It's a great place to go with a big group to party hard!Best after 9pm on the weekends.UPDATE - Had the best time here for a friends birthday on a recent Thursday night! Amazing weekday drink specials before 10pm.
5	Not your normal dueling piano bar. Great entertainment these entertainers don't let things get boring.
4	A colleague of mine dropped her business card in a drawing here and won a party for 100 of her friends. This included $1 drinks all night, which is freakin' fantastic, so naturally, I'm totally in. Now, given that it is Halloween time, we all decided to wear our costumes.. even thought we were the only group to do so, it was perfect, and all eyes were on us, and who doesn't love attention?. $1 drinks + dueling pianos + costumes = a pretty excellent combination of awesome. The venue itself is pretty big, plenty of seating to watch the live entertainment. Attentive bar tenders, and decent looking food, which I did not try, but should have, to absorb the copious amounts of chocolate cake shots and Kiltlifter I slaughtered. The entertainment was amazing. I myself am a huge fan of piano bars, and the musicians there certainly did not disappoint. They rocked it..  called people up to the stage to participate which is always funny, and the perfect way to get the crowd going. When I say crowd, I mean army. Of drunk. This place was packed and I loved it! I even loved the hostess everyone thought was a giant vagina because she complimented me on my hair and gave me 2 extra drink tickets. She was not a V. She was awesome.Anyway, Arrive early if you like sitting down, or you could just dress up as Tinkerbells hot redheaded tattooed sister, and half the room will offer to give up their seats for you. See, chivalry is not totally dead. Not here at least.
3	A few thoughts on Howl:- I like that it is in Scottsdale but does not feel like a Scottsdale bar. Maybe it was just because it was Halloween, but I did not feel the normal Scottsdale vibe.- It's large and has lots of seating. However, you are not allowed to push their tiny tables together for a large group (something about a fire code?). This seemed odd, considering we were in the corner on the opposite wall from any exit.- It's typical, dueling piano bar fair. Nothing seemed above and beyond what I have experienced at the Big Bang, etc. HOWEVER, they do occasionally bust out drums, guitars, and a keytar!- One time I went to the ladies room I went back and my brand new drink was gone. When I asked the server, she said that someone knocked it over. What? Seemed weird, considering my friends did not remember drink spillage. I ordered another, and then sure enough 20 minutes later my friend turned around for a second and her drink was gone. I think the server was taking our full drinks hoping we would just keep ordering.- When our bill came it looked wrong. Like, really wrong. There was speculation that our waitress may have just brought us shots that we did not order, put 7 beers instead of 5 on our tab,. etc. But remember, it was Halloween and we had had a few. In the end, we decided we may not have been counting our drinks like we should have and paid the bill. Thinking back with a more sober head, I still believe it's possible that we got screwed, and that kind of bugs me. So much so, that IF I go back I will be keeping track of exactly what everyone orders.
4	Howl at the Moon gives me everything that I could possibly expect.  It has officially been added to the Old Town rotation.All I wanted out of a dueling piano bar was a place to get reasonably priced drinks, an open area, and some piano fun.  I want to be able to sing along to every song, and act like an idiot and have nobody look at me funny.  I was thinking that this wasn't possible in old town.  The crowds are too snooty, and everyone looks at everyone else with a condescending eye.  This was not the case.Not only did I enjoy the fact that I could be loud, obnoxious and have nobody care, I enjoyed the musicians.  Throughout the night multiple additional musicians would don the stage and rock out.  I have seen this before, and I got a little bit defensive.  I came for dueling pianos.  If I want to see a bass player and a guitarist, I would have gone to a concert. They do this right though.  I am not sure of the difference, but it works, and I like it.Next time you are in town, make sure to stop by.  Leave your attitude at the door, and enjoy some good music with good people.
4	I went back to Howl at the Moon this past weekend, and had a blast!This time it was with a large group and Piano bars are always a great place for a big group of people.  The drinks are relatively cheap and the bartenders were funny.We were able to get a group of tables right next to the stage and then just party like rockstars or groupies.
2	We decided to check out Howl at the Moon since we were getting used to same old songs and routines at The Big Bang in Tempe. We went in around 8:30 or 9 on Friday night and there still plenty of tables to sit at and there was a 7 dollar cover. The bar itself is well stocked and looks very clean and presentable with good prices for Old Town and they bring around interesting shots like jello shots in large plastic syringes! So it's definitely a good place to stop by for a few drinks before going elsewhere.Unfortunately, the talent on stages range from average to laughably bad, particularly for a Friday night! One of the musicians attempted to play Green Day on the guitar but was playing the wrong chords while smirking with the other musicians, clearly aware that he sucked. One of the singers was apparently tone-deaf, but fortunately the sound guy realized this and kept the mic level so low you could barely hear it. Instead, we just kind of got the idea that they were playing a familiar song. They also attempted some kind of cringe-worthy "stomp" routine which consisted of banging on trash cans with drumsticks which was supposed to rile up the crowd but mostly cause a headache. It's nice that they have other instruments like trumpet or flute available for the entertainers, but it would be nicer if they knew how to play them. When they stuck to the basics with singing and playing the piano, they did well, but I kept having the feeling that they were seeing how poorly they can play while still entertaining the crowd (and getting paid). I think with time, they will find consistent talent, but at this point, I'm sticking with the Big Bang for my piano bar fix.
4	Ive been here twice, the only pitfall I see being the pretty outrageous cover they charge sometimes (I'm biased when it comes to paying anything for cover... I end up being the DD and paying cover to stand around and have a good time is ridiculous).  The first time I came I went to go joke around with the bartender when she asked me what I wanted to drink.  I said "I don't care as long as you make it for me in one of those buckets you have behind the bar".  She then surprisingly passed me a menu which had buckets of drinks on it and... well I was in heaven.  Good times with friends and the owner Bob is a really nice guy.  Highly recommended!
3	Howl at the Moon is 2-2! I've been twice, and both times were a great time with friends. . . the drinks aren't overpriced and the energy in the place in infectious! It's the perfect setup for a piano bar, and you never know what they'll say/sing next because it's always off the wall!Honestly, the show is a little raunchy for my taste . . . but it's all in good humor and everyone's having a good time! I'll definitely be back, but it's not somewhere I'm taking family when they visit.
3	Great place to hang if you win the happy hour drawing. Otherwise shots and drinks can be pricey :( Dueling piano jockeys do make the atmosphere way fun!!
4	This establishment has been on my list so long, that even as soon as I heard they were scouting for a spot to obtain for expanding their chain here in Scottsdale, I signed up for their email alerts and progress. It just so happened that opening night I was actually away in Cost Rica.  For some unknown reason, it took until now to visit.  (So many places, so little time...)Wednesday nights provides fantastic specials of  1/2 off everything, from what I recall.  Britney, our server, was always around at the right time.  It seemed she had over a dozen tables, yet appeared promptly when we looked like we might have a question, or when we were considering another order.  The stage never stopped with entertainment for even a minute.  There was always at least 1 musician playing or singing, usually in tandem with pianos, hence (obviously) their term of Dueling Pianos, of course.  Several times there was 3 and even 4 performers on instruments of guitar, horn, or drums.  I thought it was a great change, out of the ordinary, and a lot of fun.  I already have a list of people I want to bring, especially since I have visitors coming in March and April who I know would enjoy visiting and seeing such a spectacle.
4	Howl at the Moon in Scottsdale is just a great time for all.  The talent is exceptional and entertaining.This is the type of place you would go every few months or maybe when friends come to visit from out of town.
3	Well this sucks....Howl at the Moon has closed already!  I was just there less than two weeks ago and had a fun time (with the bucket sized drinks contributing).  Now, it wasn't all that crowded for a Friday night, but it was decent, and we had a good time.I even got an e-mail that I won a free happy hour party.....guess I won't be getting that now!
4	What the heck happened? I was planning to go to Howl at the Moon on my animal print bar crawl on May 1 and JUST now learned that it is closed!?! I am in partyville shock! We were just there last Friday having a blast. Okay...who knows the scoop? The rumors will fly...served to underaged?
5	Arrooooooooo!I had a review started, and then I saw they closed.  I'm surprised, considering that on weekends they were pretty busy, and they did a great job with the Yelp event.  Sadly, they were just a little far for me to drive to on a regular basis.
