2	The staff is great but the beds...not so much.  The place could use an overhaul.
1	From the looks of this place, both inside and out, you would think that they would have better deals.  The appearance is what I would call "ghetto".  The beds must be old because I thought it was going to close all the way down on my face when I got in for the first time.  They also allow you to tan 20min in  the same level bed that other salons only allow 15min in and I felt as if I did not get as good as color so the bulbs must be old too.  The beds are cracked and look ancient.Cheap paper posters are falling off the wall, they have tacky cork boards for local advertising and even tack fliers up in the room.  I'm not interested in auto-glass, etc. when I'm tanning, sorry.  Music is played out of an old-school "boom box", and they still have pictures on "employees" on their 'employee wall' of girls who haven't worked there in years.  I don't even want to know how long their lotions have been sitting around.One day I accidentally left my Michael Kors rose gold watch in a room, called to inquire about it and they claimed they didn't have it.  Obviously they clean the rooms after each client so I'm guessing that one of the employees is rocking my watch these days.I have another friend that left her lotion for them to hold there (a service they offer) and the next time she went to tan they claimed they had throw it away.  I'm guessing a nice bottle of lotion didn't just go in the trash and maybe an employee got to put that to use too.Look around for cards locally that offer 1 week free or $10 for 10 days to new customers to try this place out if you still feel inclined to go.
3	Came here because I just moved to area, and it's super close to home. Just bought a few sessions so I didn't have to commit to a place I wasn't sure about.The girl up front was pretty straight forward and nice, which was a plus.I've had a decent experience so far. Not super luxurious, but I'm not paying much either.
3	Friendly clean and nice!
5	Sunchain Tanning rocks! Ive been coming here for over 15 years! The staff is always friendly and knowledgeable and the beds are clean and well kept. You are given your own basket with cold towel and lotions, deodorant, etc.. to freshen up with after your tan. The tanning beds work great! For only thirty bucks a month you get unlimited ten minute bed tanning! They also have a wide variety of lotions for sale.. and a punch card to get a free lotion sample packet after so many tans.
1	I went here to get a spray tan done for an event. i paid $45 for two sprays. cathy, the area manager, sprayed me. she spent the entire time telling me how great she was at spray tanning. i had this done on friday night. i woke up saturday morning to the splotchiest tan i have ever seen. orange palms, brown wrists, and a white face. i called immediately and explained the situation and that no i did not want them to fix it since they screwed it up so badly and i wanted my money back. they were more than rude and told me i must have gone swimming or not followed directions. thanks for telling me i cant follow the basic dont shower for 12 hours rule. they wouldn't refund my money. i went in the next morning to show them how bad it looked and even the girl working there said it was bad. cathy finally said she would give me $10 back. no. we finally agreed 5 phone calls later $20 back. when i called to give them my debit card number for the spray tan cathy was magically unavailable for several days to take the call and the girl on the phone snapped at me "did you not listen to the message i left you?". she said $10 was the new client special (never offered to me). so thanks cathy and sunchain for ripping me off and doing the crappiest spray tan i have ever seen. i would never ever ever recommend this place!!!!!
5	I usually get on Yelp to gripe about things.  But I have been going to Sunchain for almost a year now and their level of customer service is great.  They are always friendly and greet you with a cheerful smile when you walk in.  Everything is always clean and the price can't be beat.
5	This location was very easy for me to get to because I am within driving distance of Hayden and Mcdowell. The equipment at this tanning salon was very clean and well maintained. The price was reasonable for the service I received from this location. The front desk staff was very friendly and responsive. I am going to tell all of my friends about the excellent tanning service I received from Sunchain.
4	The place is really clean and the staff is supper friendly and knows their products/packages/tanning beds. Go in, get your tan on, with no haste.
5	Whenever I go into Sunchain no matter who is working there they are all so friendly. Each employee knows all there packages, tans, lotions. No matter how many questions you may have they never get annoyed. They are happy to help and answer all your questions. When you wake in you are greeted with a big smile and all of them are amazing. I have been to lots of tanning salons and Sunchain is by far the best one. No matter you go into a tanning bed, mystic spray tan, or get a custom one you know that you are getting a beautiful golden tan.
1	I would give Sunchain as a whole no stars if that were an option. When I started tanning years and years ago in Old Town, it was nothing but pleasurable. However we moved to Chandler and I had to cancel my membership. Lo and behold I found a salon in Chandler/Gilbert and my husband got me a 3 month contract for Christmas and when the 3 months were up, I signed up for the month to month contract. Let's talk about how disappointing it was when that salon shut it's doors without any warning.... They refunded my money, but still have my lotion. That wasn't an altogether great experience, but I decided to give them another shot since they have a salon next to work. I walk in today to try and sign up and told her I was a member at the salon in Chandler that closed, and she acted like I was making it up to try and get a free membership? She was less than professional the WHOLE time I was there, and I am pretty stunned they would treat someone that way who has used their services for so many years. I have the emails from the last store they closed which I would have been happy to provide, but I'm no longer interested in doing business with a company who doesn't care about their clients, the people who keep their business running.
