5	I have been a customer of Surprise Mini Storage for the last 3 years, I travel a lot and I need a place I can trust to be safe with my valuables, These guys are GREAT! A+ The facilities are always very clean, easy to access and with all the camera's, tall block walls and solid gates I feel very safe leaving my possessions with them. The staff has always been very friendly, every experience I have had with these guys has been exceptional. They even brought me a cold drink one day when they saw me working on my unit, that shows they really pay attention to who is there!I highly recommend these guys, If your looking for a mini storage place, look no further!
5	This is a great storage facility - Clean and well maintained with reasonable prices.  Working with Nadia in the office is a joy.  She goes out of her way to be helpful
5	I know that as far as mini storage goes, they are pretty much the same. I was so impressed with the customer service at Surprise Mini Storage that I had to leave a review. The lady who runs the place, Nadia, made us feel as though she truly wanted to help us. She helped us pick out the right size unit and even cut the price for us for the first couple months, even though she knew we were going to rent there! We brought our 3 and 4-year-olds with us when we first signed the rental agreement and she gave them some toys to play with while we filled out paperwork and even let them pick some out to take home! (they still talk about the nice Nadia lady at the storage place)! The day we moved in she came in and swept the unit out (even though it looked clean to me!) We never had any issues with the gate or the actual storage unit that we rented for the whole time we where there. On move out day Nadia came by twice with bottles of water for all of us and our movers. I will be recommending Surprise Mini Storage to anyone I come across who needs a storage place.
5	I had a very good experience with storing my furniture at this storage center. The facility was clean and well taken care of. Nadia was very helpful with finding the right size for my things.  She took extra care in telling me how things work. The paperwork was clear and helpful. When I moved my furniture out of storage, she was helpful and the move out was as good as the move in. I recommend this storage center highly.Cecelia H
5	This is the best Mimi storage that I have ever used.  Very honest and trust worthy. Very friendly and they will bend over backwards to help you out.  Month to month rental.  Much better than my last Mini Storage.
