1	This place is horrible.  The front desk girls are two faces.  They look so unhappy and bitchy there, causing them to give horrible customer service.  No friendly hellos from other staff, groomers, doctors, or even the girl that took our dogs away.  We placed our dogs there for boarding for two nights, it came out to $27.50/ night for the long run.  Some test crap that cost almost $30, just to make sure Dusty can get the Bortedella shot. On top of that, it was $10.50 for the shot.  We wanted extra walks for the dogs, which was $2 an extra for each walk,  $8 for each dog and I don't even think they walked my dogs.  We took them home and they ran to the back right away to poo and it was 12 noon already.   They charge for things and say things like "there is no way of separating it." I strongly believe that this place neglects your dog.  Our dogs name are Hiro pronouncing heer-ro and Dusty.  They cant even take the time to pronounce your dog's name correctly, which insulted me.  My dogs now have the runs because of their care less ness of feeding my dogs the food that we gave them. It is five minutes down the street for my house, but I will never go back.  i would rather cough up more money or even drive further to make sure my dogs get the right tender, loving, care.
5	I have nothing but positive things to say about South Shores Animal Hospital.  Their staff is consistently friendly and Dr. Claus treats me and my dog with great respect.  He listens to my questions and gives thoughtful answers.  I would recommend South Shores Animal Hospital to anyone who is looking for great care for their animals.
5	I can't say enough great things about Dr. Claus and his staff. I have a 4 year old rescue Greyhound. Unfortunately, I travel a lot for work and have to board my Grey fairly routinely. He's a big dog and always ends up in the suite at South Shores. When I return from my travels and pick up my pooch, he's always well groomed, rested and relaxed. He actually gets excited when we go to the vet (a first for any dog of mine at any clinic).  Recently, he had to have minor surgery on his tail and dew claws. It was quick, reasonably priced and the after care has been phenomenal. I always know my buddy is in good hands with Dr. Claus, which gives me peace of mind. Great group of people!
5	The 6th Day of Christmas.I've been taking my Shih Tzu, Marley, here ever since he was a wee pup eleven years ago.  Over the years, the vets and staff here have always been compassionate and friendly to him when he needed vaccinations or a teeth cleaning.  Marley is my baby boy and I couldn't ask for a better place for him to get the medical care he needs when he needs it.  I'm grateful for the years of service that South Shores Animal Hospital has provided and look forward to many more.
5	We've brought all 3 of our dogs here to see Dr Mark Claus over the past 15yrs. Couldn't think of a more caring person and doctor to help us deal with all stages of their lives. Look no further for best vet in our valley.
5	When our longtime vet transferred to South Shores, we transferred too.  I cannot say enough about this clinic.  A fantastic front desk staff, a knowledgable office manager and awesome vets. One of our dogs injured himself while our regular vet was out of town. I had to see someone else in the office( which I do not like to do)...he read my Doug's chart BEFORE he came in the room.  I was highly impressed with him and feel that our pets will get quality care no matter who we see.  I have referred several people to the office and they all feel the same way!!!  If you want honest quality care for your pets without extra unnecessary tests and procedures, go o South Sores!!!
5	Goodbye Pet Medical Center; Hello new doctors with affordable pricing, caring staff and people who don't email me monthly reminding me my Pug is fat. I am extremely pleased with the South Shores Animal Hospital. I had been a long-time client of Pet Medical Center but my boyfriend wanted to switch because a doctor left our old vet and moved to South Shore. We visited with all three dogs last week and I was extremely pleased. The staff was very friendly and handed the record switching from our old vet. We had an eye infection treated on my pug, a wellness exam on our Golden and a swift check up on our maltese. Overall, it was a good visit. I will definitely be back!
5	I rushed my mix toy poodle her because of having difficulty to deliver her puppies,  Dr Claus and all the staff are so nice and kind. Dr Claus did his best to save my baby's life and the two puppies. They really care your pet as their own. Thanks doctor Claus your the best.
5	The best!Dr Claus is a fantastic vet! The staff are quick and knowledgable in what they are doing!I feel some places are like used cars dealerships, but this medical centre isn't one of those. They always offer you a choice and never pressure you into anything you need.Recommended already to 6 other people
5	We have been taking our dogs and numerous other rescue pets here for 15 years. Dr Claus  is a skilled and knowledgable doctor, who cares about his patients and their families. He will discuss several options with families to ensure you are happy with the treatment your animals receive and are not surprised at the costs either. Our dogs go to him for routine shots and unfortunately we've had to have them go for emergencies as well. I trust  all of the doctors at this clinic, and have never been disappointed with South Shores.
5	Dr. Claus is one of the best veterinarians in the valley. He saved one of my dogs and is extremely knowledgeable. Highly recommended!
