4	If you like the rustic pine Mexico style of furniture you have to check this place out. They have a large selection with many different styles and sizes. They also have a good selection of decorative accessories to choose from.
5	My other half saw a commercial for Tres Amigos around Christmas Time and has been dying to go.We made it last month and again today... I must say they have gorgeous furniture and just our style.We love the Mexican Rustic look and found many pieces we would love to own as well as decorations.The employees greet you when you walk in and ask if they can help you right away but they don't hound you like other places do.We shopped and purchased some beautiful items. There are also items for your yard or patio and really cool ceramic pieces as well.Definitely will be back.. again and again!
2	This place has awesome stuff, but terrible customer service.  I ordered products online only to receive an email 5 days later telling me that FOUR of my five items are on back order and that it would take up to THREE MONTHS for the items to come in.  When I called to see if they could send me the one item that they DID have in stock, the woman said she would have to charge me $10 for shipping even though shipping would have been free on my entire order if the items had all been in stock.  When I asked her to waive the fee since they are inconveniencing ME by not having four of my items, she said no.  I also suggested that they start marking items on their website as out of stock if necessary and she said they can't.  Wow, awesome way to treat your customers.
4	Great selection for Mexicali and southwest looks for your home. Staff is very knowledgable and most off all they don't bug you while you shop like all the other furniture stores.
2	Way too much junk in this store for as big as it is. Mexico produces more than just junk so they really need to bring some better quality stuff in!. It was 50% off which was good because the prices were about 50% too high for what they had.
