4	I might be a little biased, seeing as I live in the apartments just north of this place and I REALLY like being able to stumble back home safely. I love this little place. The owner, Larry, has always been amazing to my boyfriend, friends, and I every time we come in. He occasionally makes us neon green "ectoplasm" shots...or what HE likes to call Mister G shots. Also, cheap pitchers of beer are great for the Sunday and Monday night football games that are shown here. Happy hour prices are wayyyy awesome. $3 jagerbombs and other cheap well drinks and beers. The food is great! I honestly didn't expect it to be so tasty. We usually get $1.50 slices of pizza, a whole pizza to share, or the super deliciousness that is the "medium" wings. We learned that Larry used to own Tessios-another yummy local pizza joint-which explains the high quality of his pizza.This place is worth a try if you're not sure. The laid back, personal environment makes you feel like a regular even if it's your first time in. The business seems to building steadily purely based on the great service and great food. The place that was there before this was similar and barely "meh" quality and Mister G's blows it out of the water.
5	Mr. G's gets 5 stars because I'm rating it for what it is - this isn't a House of Tricks, this is a Native New Yorker. It's a bar/restaraunt combo with great specials, great food, and the most personal and friendly service I've ever seen. The proprietor, Larry, has made me feel at home like I've never felt at home in any establishment, and I've been a regular at quite a few places before. Every employee is friendly and they always have smiles on their faces. The food is made with care, and everything tastes home-made.Sundays, I'm here from 10am until football's over, and the atmosphere is great. Several TV's all over the place are showing at least parts of every game shown, so you miss nothing. The main screen can hop around based on the action or the prevailing opinion on the best game on. When football isn't on, Larry will hand you the remote - the channel usually ends up on comedy central, but it's not a rule. Combine all of this with long hours of operation, free wifi, and a number of 2-tops, this place is great for sports fans, couples, friends, students...anyone who needs a place to be. Mr. G's is Cheers 2.0.
5	Great beer prices. Awesome happy hour specials. Even better food.  Everyone who works here is great and always happy. 5 stars easily.
4	The usual suspects post Yelp event were looking for cold beer and a good bite to eat, as we just had our fill of sweets. On the recommendation of some fellow Yelp geeks who had recently tried the place we came in convoy. Tucked away in a corner they practically share a wall with Cornish Pasty Co. [Which I still have yet to try...] as you open the door you are greeted with a cozy sports bar atmosphere with at least 3 flat screens going with the game. The crowd was lively and and the beer was cold. [I was told non game nights are not as busy as it was when we were here.] Our group bellied up to the bar. Service is great! It is a small time operation but they are good with making sure your needs are met. The menu has a good variety of salads, pizza, pasta, sandwiches and wings. My choice on this fateful night was the Arizona Steak Sandwich. They offer a full at $8.99 (10") and half at $5.99. Deciding on the half, when it arrived I was glad I did. This was stuffed full of perfectly cooked steak (no Steak'ums here) grilled onions peppers and cheese. There were some jalapenos in the mix because this sandwich was just spicy enough to lure me in and keep me enjoying all the flavors to the very end. I can see myself occasionally going out of my way to come here again.
4	I will be back to try some wings with ghost chilis on them! Mister G's was a nice little place that had the definitive Tempe feel about it. Being right next to Cornish Pasty Co only amplifies that feel and will hopefully be a plus for G's if CPC is packed and people are looking for some grub and a beer. I got to try a bite of pizza, which was okay (it was just bar pizza to me, but decent), and the hot wings. The wings are actually what brought me in. I was told by a fellow Yelper that the regular "hot" wings left his face on fire, so naturally I had to try them (my stupidly high tolerance for heat implores me to see how hot I can actually go)! I went for a split dozen of the hot and the fire wings, and both sauces had some great flavor. The "hot" had the better initial kick of heat, but the "fire" had one of those slow burns. The more I ate of either, the more I could feel my face get warm. By the end of my meal my mouth was definitely on fire, but manageable to me. I was pretty pleased when the owner said that they could put ghost chilis on them next time for me, all I had to do was ask to take it up a notch. I'm now looking forward to my next visit.So, yeah... I pretty much just reviewed hot wings and wing sauce. I will eventually try something else at Mister G's though, I promise! The service was friendly, attentive and made me wish I lived closer so I could casually swing by unplanned. It's worth a visit.
4	This is one of the best accidental finds I've made in a very long time. We were headed to Cornish Pasty and walked by this cute little place and decided to stop in for a beer before going to dinner. There were only a few guys at the bar. The server was very friendly and accommodating. Then, I find out that Mr. G is a Denver Broncos fan. I'm in LOVE! I finally found a Bronco's bar in AZ! The food is good. I had the Philly Cheese steak. The meat is super tender, lots of cheese and fresh crusty bread. Quite tasty! The pizza is good too. My boyfriend won't stop talking about the wings. Needless to say we never made it next door... You really need to stop in and check out this family run, super cute place. Grab some grub and a beer, just don't take my seat!
5	I don't want to hurt their rating, so I gave them 5 stars.  I actually want to give them 1 star, because I will no longer be able to enjoy hot wings anywhere else... ever again.Mister G, thank you for your hot wing heaven!So this place was an accidental discovery.  I've seen it a couple of times driving by.  Since my girlfriend and I are foodies, and always looking for a new adventure, we stopped by to see what's good with this joint.We ordered the hot wings by chance, and now I dream about them.  The hot is where it's at!  Lite me up, burned me just right, but still took care of me the next day...Anyway, the pizza was grubbing too, and I hear the Philly Cheese Steaks are not to be messed with.  Really, did we find a place with bomb hot wings, great pizza, and good sandwiches.  A very special thanks to Mr. G's as we have found our new football bar and a place that serves hot wings in the way they were meant to be!
3	Ok Mister G's, you are right down the street, so that's probably the only reason I walked in the door.I've only tried the pizza, but it's great! The red pepper flakes are somehow also the spiciest pepper flakes. ever. I'm a vegetarian, but a former hot wings fanatic, and the wings look terrific.Went here a few times so far and here's the low down:Good:1. Pizza!2. Prices!3. Beer!4. Sports! (if you like sports, which I don't always but it's basketball season)Bad:1. Very well-lit.2. Very well-lit3. Karaoke Saturday night (which my friends and I crashed so we could get some late-night pizza action)4. Very well-lit.Mr. G's, you would be the perfect neighborhood spot if only you would turn down the lights. Please?
5	I found this place through a friend just over six months ago and have been back regularly since. It is a fantastic local watering hole perfect for sports. Football fans get their fill sundays with all day happy hour and multiple TVs featuring Sunday Ticket. If you're a sports fan living away from your team like me its a great, affordable place to spend a few hours watching the game. The food is stellar, the staff may be the best in phoenix. Come in a few times and you're as good as family.
4	I ordered Mister G's last night (Sunday) because there were one of the only restaurants open. I've tried almost every late night delivery place in my area at this point but for some reason I always skipped over this place.I wasn't expecting much, but I ordered the stuffed shells and half a pastrami sub. The prices were reasonable for what you get, and everything was quite tasty. The pastrami was perfectly seasoned and there was plenty in the sub.I really recommend this place. Haven't had the pizza yet but I expect it will be good!
5	Very tasty wings! The drinks are cheap as well.  We all got wings and everyone was very happy with them!  All of his flavors are really good (we didn't try the honey mustard) and the heat levels are not some pussy chain restaurant rating either- Fire is Fire!  My gf got the philly cheese steak which she loved.  The place is really small, but its got some TVs and a dart board and its really chill.  They deliver as well.  I will be getting my wings from here from now on!  We had 7 people with us and Larry (Mister G, the owner) came out and talked with us for about 5 mins while we gave him our praise over his great sauces.  He is really nice and I always feel better supporting businesses that have good people behind them.
2	I have to admit that I'm really surprised Mister G's has a current rating of something like 4.5.  I've been on a few occasions and had them deliver once and I just don't like their pizza.  It's not good.I ordered a pizza and wings special that they hung on my door once and I gotta tell you, man:  The pizza tasted like it had been frozen and bought at a store.  The wings tasted good, they TASTED good, but the texture was odd.  It was like eating an approximation of what human food is supposed to be like as imagined by an alien species.The ambience on the inside when you want to eat in is really just not condusive to a great time.  It looks like it would be better if it were only a bar, but the fact that it's identified with as being a pizzeria makes me like "meh," about the overall effect of their decor.I remember when this place used to be Roma's or whatever it was before.  It's more or less similar to what it had been previously.No offense to Mister G. himself.  It seems like he could really kick my ass if he wanted to.
5	I have continued to eat here after my initial review, and it just keeps getting better.The wings are AMAZING. However, if you are getting delivery they do not punch holes in the container and steam makes them squishy. I have tried several time changes (for how long they are cooked) and 15 minutes (which is 5 min over how long they normally cook them) is the best time for the wings to still be crisp when they get to your door.The pastrami is great, the garlic bread is amazing, the delivery drivers are awesome! Their pasta is great. Still haven't tried the pizza but it looks good.Mister G's may be my favorite delivery place in Tempe.
3	Stopped in at 5:30 for a quick dinner. Place was nearly empty except for a few regulars at the bar. Service was prompt and the food was fine. Nothing too remarkable.
5	Ok, I am on like day 16 of ordering from this place. NOTHING IS BAD on the menu. The baked ziti is sooo delish and the portion is HUGE. The steak and cheese philly is the best I have had in awhile.My staff orders pizza and wings, and cold sammies from there too, and we cant get enough!And yesterday we even got a pretty cute delivery driver!
3	cute place to grab a cocktail and some late nite Italian food. cute family owned place. our bartender was daughter of the owner, very friendly.
2	Drove from queen creek to meet out of town friends here. This place was recommended to them by a local hotel.  After a 35 minute drive we waited 40 minutes for 6 wings to come out. After another 10 minutes we got another 6 wings.  After another 15 minutes we waited and finally got one of our 2 pizzas. Our order was finally complete to our table after an hour . The wings were just ok. We liked that they offered different flavors.  The pizza was horrible. It tasted like a soggy tontinos pizza. Good priced. Great service. The people were very respectful and friendly.
2	I called toward the end of the night so I'm not really surprised that the lady that picked up seemed a bit passive-aggressive when I told her I wasn't ready to order and was just asking how late they were open. I called a few minutes later and they told me that it would take an hour since the driver would be taking the pizza on his way home. The driver was a nice, older gentleman. When he called, for some reason my phone didn't register it, so he texted me, and that was nice. I apologised for that and he said he didn't mind.Their pizza smelled fantastic and would probably be great if it were just cheese, but the one we ordered had pineapple only as the topping, and the savoury flavours didn't quite mesh with the sweetness of the pineapple. It was also weird because the pizza smelt heavily of garlic, yet it was nowhere to be tasted. The cheese had a good texture that was chewy in a positive way- not to soft, or too tough- and their crust smelled good but tasted pretty generically bland. We had been really excited to try it because of the smell, so it's unfortunate that it didn't turn out so well.
2	Just as the rating says, I have experienced better. However, I did have a cocktail here  for a change, and it was delicious. The staff is very nice and kind, however even though my friend rants and raves about how awesome this place is, and how often he goes, I wish I had just stayed home and had two shots here. Not worth the price, trip, and no point in being social. The customers are regulars, and people that live around me, but they get antsy if you sit in their spot or play a game of pool. The food takes quite a bit of time to come out, too, which isn't so bad since that's not really the point of going to a restaurant. More hole-in-the-wall than anything. Won't be returning without peer pressure.
5	I don't think my previous 3-star review was the downfall of Mr. G's, but now that it's gone, I miss it sorely!I would love to know what happened to my fave neighborhood pizza/beer/sports bar.Elegy for Mr. G'sO Mister G, how I loved your buttery, crispy crust!When I was too lazy to make dinnerYou phone number on speed dial was a must!Basketball games with the regulars were great,and the crew was so friendly and quickthat I nearly always stayed late.O what happened to you, that you closed?Christmastime 2011 turned cold!Where are you G crew?I really miss you!Seriously, what happened to this place?
