2	Keep in mind this is an airport bar. California pizza kitchen is next door and they serve it here. Drink: got a double spicy Bloody Mary. As you'd expect, none of this fresh or housemade. Not very strong either. For 14 bucks, totally not worth it.Food: had the Santa Fe breakfast pizza on recommendation of the bartender. She said that the burrito was bland. I can't imagine how balnd as I had to douse this in chollula sauce to give it flavor. Wished there was somethin spicier. The eggs were super weird but I liked the sauce. I wanted to like it more, afterall, I have heard so much about CPK (confession: I've maybe been here once in my entire life). Pizza is usually worth all the pain gluten and dairy do to me. I can honestly say, this time, totally not worth it. Service: service was decent. Lady was nice enough. I laughed when she carded me but not the guys who looked much younger. TVs and music were not really jivin together but whatevs. I've tried a few different spots in this airport; I will say I won't be trying this one again.
4	I didn't feel like Bojangles and I wanted breakfast in the B concourse before my flight.  I got one of their breakfast paninis.  It was good, but the menu doesn't mention any sides and indeed it does not come with sides.  Just an FYI.  The sandwich (in airport pricing) is priced accordingly since I would have paid a buck or 2 more at Chilis for a breakfast burrito with breakfast potatoes.
3	My coworker and I came here because it was fast and close to our gates. I would come here again for the beer, but the food was not so great. the food we ordered were: chips & artichoke deep:  was below average even for airport food.  it came out literally less than 3 mins.  I can tell it was in a package and microwaved.  club sandwich:  this was better but still was not the best.  It was a bit dry and also came out in less then 3 mins.  beer: was great good home brewed Carolina beer selections! if your in a rush come here cause they are pretty quick!  enjoy!
3	Ok so service was classic airport hub.... I am an IPA fan and had a Hop drop and roll on a layover. Mecklenburg brewery was a pleasant surprise. Good taste and body. Nice thick head on the brew as well. Nice way to take the edge of a hump day at the end of the day
