5	Where do we begin with a testimonial for Lisa Buzelli? With nothing but positive feedback, it is hard to know where to start.My husband and I are absolutely thrilled with the service we received from Lisa. We started working with her about 9 months ago (our first thought with a move to the Las Vegas area) and she, from the beginning, has been ever so helpful. My husband is active duty military and with this we had a lot of back and forth with trying to accomplish our goal to get to Las Vegas. Lisa was always very patient....and even when we had to take a break from house hunting due to our military situation and uncertainty about whether or not we would actually make it out to Vegas, she checked up on us. Lisa wanted us to know that if we ever had questions or concerns that she would be available to us. Lisa never left us in the dark. She was there for us and she cared about finding us our dream home and dream location.In a market that is being bought up by investors, it is difficult to find a first dream home in a dream location. You fall in love with many, but many come unavailable. Not to be discouraged- Lisa works hard, and she cares. She cares about her clients. Specifically, she cares about our family and she cared that we find a safe location fit for our lifestyle. We found many homes we loved, but Lisa helped guide us to a location that best suited us. With us living out of state during the house hunting process we needed a realtor to get to know us and go that extra mile. We did not know the area and we had no idea where was safe and where in Las Vegas would suite our needs as a family. Lisa got to know us. She wanted to find us our perfect place.We are now happy and we are now home owners. More than just handing us our dream home, Lisa has gone above and beyond for us. We are currently still out of state, and have needed help with putting final touches into the home buying process and she surpassed what her job description would entail. No need for fine details...but I can assure that she has done more for us than what any other realtor would ever dream of doing. We have been blessed. Lisa found us our perfect home in one try. The home we purchased was the only home we saw in person when we came to Las Vegas to house hunt. She got it. She got US. We took it. This was our first home buying experience. We could not have asked for a greater one. We feel absolutely blessed that Lisa was introduced into our lives as our realtor and now friend.We hope that this testimony can give any sort of insight as to who Lisa is and how much she cares for her clients. We are more than pleased and extremely blessed.- Ecstatic first time home owners Maribeth & Joel 5/19/2012
5	The best place to be a agent in Las Vegas
1	Do NOT do business here! The agents can swindle their vendors and the broker could care less about returning your calls.
5	Suzie Marquardt is the best Realtor we've ever met: honest, attentive and working relentlessly to get you the best deal possible. We only wish more people are like her and the World would be a better place!
5	Devin Keays is beyond FANTASTIC!    I met Devin through my searches for a place to rent via online websites such as realtor.com, zillow and trulia.  Devin was just spot on from the beginning.  He always had my best interest at hand.  He communicated with me via, text, phone and email more than any one else.  Devin definitely made it easier to deal with the stresses of moving.  Not only am I moving, but I started a new company which is why I'm moving.  Two major events at the same time is enough to make anyone go MAD.  I can't say enough about Devin Keays.  Realty One Group is lucky to have such a caring and customer service oriented person on their team!  I definitely want to meet Devin in person when I get to Vegas!  Ryan Cabral (a much happier person because of Devin's help)
