4	Good Sandwiches....whenever I am craving a tuna sandwich after a long day on campus I come here!! Tuna sandwich is great. The super sub/roast beef and provolone are good items to try as well. Yet the primo sub of them all here is the Big Kahuna Cheese-steak (grilled onions, peppers, mushrooms, jalapenos and extra cheese!!)  The soups are great to have on a cold winter day!! Also...if you like sandwich wraps as much as I do...you have to have the grilled veggie or chicken ceasar!!
4	Wow! Good ole classic subs! I am from Jersey and when I ate these for lunch at a meeting I flew into Vegas for I was like DAMN! The sandwich totally reminded me of all the subs I used to get back home. That night it had me craving subs..that is something I never crave. YUM! You need to open one in Downtown Los Angeles.
4	Super duper subs that actually taste *FRESH*. I've tried the turkey club, the super sub and the Big Kahuna Steak -- All very tastey and very satisfying!  Really fresh and flavorful ingredients and the bread is pretty good too.  A little crumbly, but it tastes yummy. They grill their beef right in front of you.  I have found the service to be only slightly better than those other sammich shops.   Parking can be a challenge too since it is located in the strip mall where Ruth Chris' Steak House is located as well as the Firefly tapas bar, Yolie's and Marrakesh. The sandwiches here slams Subway onto the ground and then steps on its face.  Go forth and chow down.
3	Normally I really like Jersey Mike's..this location and the Trop one near Eastern are both close to work for me to grab a good sandwich.  Today I had an odd experience and had to yelp it.I ordered something very basic and on the menu...turkey and provolone on white mike's way.While making my sandwich, the employee (sandwich artist?) asked if I liked bacon.  I immediately told him no way, I do not eat pork, it is practically the only thing I don't eat!  I took my sandwich to go, get back to work...and he put ham between the turkey and the cheese.  I did not find this amusing, and I am not sure if it was intentional or not.  I will not return to Jersey Mike's.
4	Hidden amongst the GIANTS of Fine Dining @JerseyMikesSub is a real treat!!I received a flyer in the mail for a BOGO sub and after seeing this place on the Travel Channel's Sandwich Paradise I knew it had to be good.This was my 1st trip to a Jersey Mikes and I was truly delighted with the quality & flavor of the subs.Philly Cheesesteaks, Turkey Clubs and all made fresh to order. ONLY one kinda bread but its GREAT!A litle pricier than Subway,Quiznos,Port O Subs,etc but WAY BETTER!!
4	We order from this store about once a month. They are usually prompt and the sandwiches are really good. The one delivery that took forever they were very upfront with a driver issue and they bought us sodas and chips.
2	Ok so I'll start by saying I used to work for JM at other locations (FL,NV). For the longest time I wouldn't go near another franchise (Subway, Quiznos, etc). Lately however, I find the prices at JM to be rediculous for some of their sandwiches. $10 for a giant?! Seriously? They used to be 8 bucks. For someone like me who gets their philly steak with just cheese and onions it makes for a pretty measly sandwich. We used to throw in a little extra meat if someone didn't want any other toppings otherwise the meat gets lost in the bread.This location is by far the worst I have ever been to. The employees at McDonalds and Taco Bell have a higher IQ and a better attitude. Ordered a philly steak with just onions. How easy is that? Not easy enough I guess. Luckily I was watching and noticed her throw on peppers instead of onions. I would understand if it was a busy day and there was a line of people with lots of orders how it can get mixed up but the store was empty and I was the only person there. There were other employees hanging out on one side of the store talking loudly with either friends or co-workers cursing, making out, etc.One of the girls even mentioned loudly how she had to go pick up her mom from prison bc she just got released. (lol)Anyway- the food is still good quality but make sure if you are going to go to any JM find a coupon first. Lots of BOGO coupons and stuff out there. Def worth it if you get a BOGO.
4	I like some of the sandwich places for different reasons (subway, port of subs, but capriottis is my all-time fave). This one is different because the meats and cheeses are from back east. The subs come on white or wheat rolls- crusty on the outside and soft on the inside (so it can get messy with crumbs). We had a BOGO coupon (from the weekly local circulars) so the pricing was not bad- $12- for two subs, two bags of chips and two drinks (free refills). We also have a stamp card, so we'll get a free sub soon. My husband got the italian- mikes way- lettuce, vinegar, oil, salt and pepper, minus the tomatoes and I got the heated/toasted big kahuna steak (jalapenos, onions, and extra cheese). My husband had a bite of mine and liked it (surprised because he usually avoids heat/spice, unlike me- I love it spicy!). We've come to this one several times; especially since the one on Trop/Eastern closed. The parking lot was crowded tonight so we had to park in the next lot across the way (still in the same center). There are a lot of ethnic restaurants in the general vicinity and a an office building in the back of all the restaurants. This location is pretty spacious and has lots of seating (tables and chairs) including a row of seats facing the window. It is pretty empty so we had our choice of seats, really. It is also very clean. There are separate bathrooms for the men and women in the back. There was one person working, who was pleasant.
4	Ralph always rocks
5	Capriotti's is OK, I guess. It gets constant hype here in Las Vegas, and they definitely have some good sandwiches.But I'm from Jersey. And when I think of a submarine sandwich, I don't think of turkey and stuffing, or pastrami and cole slaw.Ask me to imagine a sub and I'll close my eyes and picture a Jersey Mike's #13.I've said it before and I'll say it again - a great sandwich starts with great bread, in this case a soft, crusty roll dusted with a ton of cornmeal.Meats and cheeses are sliced to order, cut thin and piled high. In the case of the #13, we're talking about ham, prosciuttini, cappacuolo, salami, pepperoni and provolone.There aren't a ton of veggie choices, "Mike's Way" is the traditional lettuce, tomato, onion, spices and oil and vinegar, aka "the juice." This is definitely a place where sticking to tradition pays off.That's it - no gimmicky sauces, no toasters. Just a great, authentic Jersey Shore style sandwich.Their cheesesteaks are also pretty fantastic, a much more moist and well-blended steak and cheese mix than Cap's steaks. It's not a POP'S whiz wit, but it doesn't claim to be.The sandwiches are fairly expensive but so, so, so good - and I get coupons in my inbox and mailbox every month. And besides, for a taste of home like this? Well worth it.
1	It just didn't work.I'm all about customer service and I know that everyone has their niche in the service game. But when I walk to the counter and the manager/owner (I'm assuming) says "#13 Regular, Mikes way" without any greeting or acknowledgement that I'm there (he was staring at his little notepad) I know we're going to have a problem. No, kind sir, that not only isn't what I want, but nothing on the menu sounds worse, thanks for asking...I guess some people like that sarcastic, I-know-what-you-want type personality, but I'm not one of them. (yelling) I know what (yelling again) I want!!So now let's get to the food that just outright stunk. I ordered a Chicken Cheesesteak (not the #13 that the proprietor so graciously offered). My order is basic, chicken cheesesteak, just meat & provolone cheese, add mayo. The chicken is overcooked, the bread is just gnarly, and they use some other white cheese that is anything but provolone. Gotta love it when you take your lunch back to your dining area of choice to come across a botched order. No bueno. I've had Mikes when it's been pretty good, but this location isn't that great and it will be a long while before I return - maybe if they put one of those "under new management" signs I'll go back sooner than later.
1	In the past, I never really had an,..."issue," having Jersey Mike's.  In fact, I used to think it was a good place.  This visit kind of has me thinking the complete opposite.  We went at about 2 in the afternoon and it was not busy at all.We ordered a Club Supreme, Mike's way.  I understand when having these types of sandwiches, they tend to get a bit messy.  What it a huge pile of lettuce on there and all.  Our sandwich wasn't cut fully, so we had to tear our pieces off of the Giant which made it messier.  When I asked for a side of banana peppers, he kind of mouthed under his breath, "it's gonna be a long day,..."  (I was thinking, wait a minute, is it really a bother to you to put banana peppers in a little container??? -- STFU! sheesh, at least say it after I walk away!!!)Another thing we noticed, was that there was no bacon in the sandwich.  We thought, not a big deal.  After waiting by the register about a minute or two, we saw the person that made our sandwich come from the back hallway from where the bathrooms are.  We asked about the bacon on the sandwich.  You would figure, we could wrap up the sandwich, and he could put in there.  But!!!!!  What this guy did was take a handful of small pieces of bacon and put it in a long, white, container, that looked like it was for a wrap.  --  The problem was that, he used his bare hands.  HE DIDN'T PUT ANY GLOVES ON!!!!!!!!  Ughh,... The only positive part of that visit was watching ESPN on the television.
3	When I walked into this place, I thought "we picked this place over Lotus and Los Tacos?!"  I was the first one there of course, my lunch friends are notoriously late.  I ordered a Baja Chicken wrap hold the cheese and was skeptical when she threw a brick-like hunk of chicken on the grill. After much sauteeing, I felt a bit better.  I had her add banana peppers over jalepenos so I wouldn't be breathing fire all afternoon.  Have to admit, it was a really good wrap.  The combo of sweet /spicy and mexican spices blended well together.  I liked how the cashier was about 8 years old but ran a cash register better than most cashiers at McCarran (just one example).  Overall a good lunch and I'll be back.
2	This is probably the lowest Jersey Mike's rating I've ever given.  Two things rubbed me really wrong about my visit here.  First was the owner/manager's attitude.  He said something to my wife about her order, I forget what it was exactly... trying to be funny I guess, but it came off in a total d-bag style.  Second thing was the kid ringing up our order.  He looked about 10. Aren't there some sort of child labor laws, or does anything go in Vegas?
1	Ugh, this location is the worst out of the three that I frequent.  This one is VERY close to my work, so we order trays of subs from them quite a bit.Most of the time, they screw it up, so I finally decided to write a review about.Called yesterday (24 hours in advance) for one tray of subs.  I asked for the tray to have equal amounts of 3 different subs.  I also asked for it to be delivered at 11:30am.  When placing my order, I felt like I had to "coach" along the girl on the phone.  "do you want my name?  do you want my phone number?  would you like my credit card?  what about expiration date?" she didn't ask for ANY of these things!At 11am, the sandwiches are at my office.  I guess I would rather have it there 30 minutes early than 30 minutes late?The platter had mostly Turkey & Provolone, NO Club and just a FEW (like 3-4 pieces) of the italian.  I asked for the onions to be on the side- no onions at all.Even when we order a normal one sandwich they seem to mess it up AND take over an hour for delivery.I'm pissed but I don't feel like calling because it won't get anywhere with them.  Lost cause with them.  So annoying!
3	I love Jersey Mikes' franchise; however, this location seems to be hit-or-miss.  The food for the most part is good, I always get the #12 or occasionally a meatball sub.  Sometimes the roast beef here is not great and somewhat slimy.  The main problem I have is with the staff.  I have had staff be rude, and sometimes when I walked in I would wait for a few minutes before an employee would appear.  That being said, there are some really nice employees too, I hope this location weeds out its crappy employees.
4	I have ventured back to this location again and the staff seems to be better.  I am temporarily upgrading it; however, I will be back to check on the service.
4	I had the first Jersey mike's sandwich in LA and loved it... the meats are always freshly cut and the veggies they have are perfect for a sandwich. Had the sandwich again the next day and it keeps getting better day by day.. good Sandwich. So long SUBWAY
5	I just had to follow Kelly M. This Jersey Mike's location is soooooo much better now that it has been remodeled and is under new management!!The new staff is amazing. My husband and I travel on the East Coast a lot and often try to stop at the local deli shops. When you stop into those East Coast deli shops it feels like you have always belonged and that you are family. Well this Jersey Mikes on Paradise Road gives you the same experience. The staff is friendly, provides the best services and can make a great sandwich!!! I also love the new decor and can't wait to go back again. I usually get the Original sub, Mikes Way and it's the best!!
3	I had the provolone, Cappicoal and Ham Sub "Mikes Way", you get what you pay for the quality is good but the prices are high so if you're on a budget then Subway might be more your place. Over all it was yummy but nothing unique about the subs. near my home We have Claros Italian Market which is better and much lower in price. Still no places beats Titos Market In South El Monte.
4	I had a nice visit for lunch on my 50th birthday, the manager had everyone to give me a shout out and came to the table to ask if everything was ok.  I really like the milk chocolate cookies too.  Nice and clean, everyone was friendly.
5	This is by far the best Jersey Mike's I've ever been to in terms of customer service and cleanliness. The manager, always has crazy hairstyles, is by far the hardest working and fastest person who's there and on top of that she's very friendly and knows me and calls me by name everytime I'm there.Great service and good subs. The only area I know they need help in is with their phone orders. My assistant placed one the other day and the guy screwed both sandwiches up so a little more attention to detail is needed on that front.
4	Jersey Mikes is now on my regular lunch rotation. And while I need to explore the rest of their menu a #13 Italian on Wheat, made Mike's Way with added "Red" spread, pickles, and jalapenos just hits the spot more often than not. Nitpicks: They need a larger chip selection including more "healthier" baked chips besides the plain baked ones. And some parts of this location are a little tight to walk through especially if they're busy. One seriously good bright spot: SERVICE is AWESOME here. In short for a good, reasonably priced lunch choice this Jersey Mike's is a sure bet.
2	Unless the lady Manager is there expect your sandwich to be wrong.  I called in to have it ready when we picked up only to find that they never started it.  Apparently they guy took my order down wrong and the manager had to correct it.  Unfortunately she had to take care of another helpless staff member so my husband ended up with a completely different sub than he ordered.  The subs were fine but of the two times I have been to this location in the last week it's clear there is only one person who knows what to do!I seriously hope they are paying the manager big bucks because she is running the shop and having to do everyone's job for them!
5	Everybody who works here is crazy genuinely nice, at least the couple times I have been here. I had had Jersey Mike's when I was living in California but I don't remember being overwhelmed. I love how they are slicing meats and cheeses as you're ordering it... Makes it seem so much better and fresher. I'm so boring in my sandwich picks that I can't speak to some of the more creative flavors, but what I did get was great. I love oil and vinegar on my sandwich--and a big bonus is that it's so much healthier than mayo! Or at least in my mind it is...then again I eat chocolate and call it health food so what do I know.Definitely will be back considering I drive by it every day to/from work!
4	I looove sammiches and Jersey Mike's does a great job of making some good ones.Located right next to Firefly, JM serves up some great sandwiches in their own way. Jersey has either cold or hot subs, and everything is cut and sliced fresh in front you like like Port of Subs. They don't have baked subs but they do have a grill for their phillys.I came in and ordered the Club supreme or whatever they call it... The sandwich was great, they sliced a ton of meat on to it, the toppings were perfect and the bacon was suuuuper crispy. On top of that, the service was great! People who work here were real nice. The friends I came with had a the Chicken Parm hot sandwich, though it sounded good, it came out to a hot mess literally.They def get points for offering a UNLV discount, but beware showing up at lunch time! They can get packed.
4	Super quick and delicious subs in 5 mins with amazing and super nice employees - honestly what more can you ask for?
5	We were in town with friends, having a grand time.  Driving down the street to a show, we were a little behind schedule but had the munchies.  My buddy suggests Jersey Mike's.  Good choice.Our friends had been there before but we'd never heard of Jersey Mike's.  So we knew nothing going in - what they serve, what the prices are, what the options are, etc.  Annnnddd....we were in a hurry.Those people there took good care of us.  They were patient while we stared all over the interior like goofs, trying to figure out what to get and why.   They made suggestions and streamlined the process so we could get back on the road.Back on the road, those sandwiches were delicious!!!  Reasonable pricing for everything we got (sandwiches, cookies, chips, drinks), polite interactive employees, and great taste.Go Jersey Mike's!!!!  We'll be back.
4	fav place for a fast healthy sandwich. They shave the meat right in front of you, unlike subway... Who knows how long subway's meat has been sliced. YUCK!Jersey Mikes over Subway all day every day! Order it mikes way!!My fave sandwich: Turkey - Mikes way with banana peppers
5	Service here is always excellent. They are never short staffed and the employees are always friendly and polite. They strike up  conversation while speedily preparing your sandwich which I appreciate rather than being rushed along the "assembly line" like other sub shops.The subs are great - full of flavor, average prices, and offer a different spin on your regular sandwich. I have had the chicken Parmesan which was delicious, and I've seen both of the variations of cheesesteak which I think is next on my to try list.This location is clean with fast service and is never too packed if you're dining inside. Don't forget to sign up for their email rewards for discounted subs!
5	Had it for the 1st time few days ago the chipotle sub was really good! Service was top of the line really recommend it, just warning the giant is really a giant! Hahaha
1	Horrible service, called in order and messed it up quite badly and I will suggest my work gets catering from somewhere else and I for sure will not order here again since they messed my order up 3 times.
4	Love there sandwiches and wraps. They are always so nice here too.
5	This location has extremely nice workers, actually they all do! The sandwiches are always good, I've never been disappointed. The meat is in display and fresh every time. They are simple sandwiches but always good. I always get the turkey and provolone mikes way, yum!
4	Reading reviews after eating my sub has me puzzled. The staff is extremely friendly and gave me suggestions having never been here. When I walked in management team of about 7 was having a meeting so it seems they are genuinely interested in making their chain/store better.I ordered the California Club Mikes Way with no tomato & it was very good. I can't believe other sandwich shops are in business with chains like these. Meat, cheese, lettuce, avacado, etc. all tasted very fresh. I also got a free cookie having it been my first time here :)One minor complaint is the location of the store. The plaza looks a little run down & could detract from their business.I would suggest it & would like to see one of these chains in the East Bay. They'd do good business.
1	Seemed like a good place to eat a first but as a first timer it's so confusing which side to order from. Just wanted a Caesar wrap and had to wait longer to order it from the "hot" side. I'll just go to subway thanks.
5	The staff here was amazing. Smiles everywhere and my Italian sandwich was made Mike's way, which is tasty tasty. Whoever you are, thank you Mike.
3	Tasty ingredients but...got the California Club as a wrap, and they wrapped it really weird. It was too full and awkward, it was like a box. Then as I was eating it it tasted bland until the very end when I finally hit the bacon and globs of mayonnaise. She wrapped and cut it the wrong way, like I should have eaten it sideways. And then the cup lids didn't really fit well. it's silly to complain about the lids, but it added to the whole experience just feeling awkward...
5	Awesome sandwiches, roast beef is fresh roasted medium and delicious. These guys are always friendly and make me feel welcome. I eat here twice or so a week for lunch. Always the best.
