4	So there I was in Phoenix on a sunny Saturday afternoon. I had just met with an old friend for a much too quick lunch before she had to go on a field trip. Guess they still do those in college, who knew?! We parted ways when I received a call from her that it was open to anyone and we could continue catching up... sure I said, as I love exploring random interests.I board the bus with my friend and a group of Sustainability degree seeking students. We soon find ourselves in Glendale, AZ in a very normal neighborhood in front of a very normal, clean, green landscaped house... nothing screamed farm at me and the only reason I knew we were in the correct place (besides the fact the bus stopped here) was a tent which said Urban Farm on the side.He was very into himself and the conversation was more Q and A style than anything else. Great as it involves the crowd however I felt more educational topics could have been covered. It felt at times as though he were speaking down to a group of second graders instead of the college students and adults in front of him.Diverse plants and trees were explored as were different ways to cultivate.  Also loved the chickens. An interesting time for those interested in the not so average.
5	I have done this tour twice now with Greg (the owner of the Urban Farm), and he is very knowledgeable.  His entire yard is edible except the shamel ash tree in his back yard which is way cool.  He reuses anything even makes his hardscape part of his landscaping with reused pieces of broken concrete that he took off another job site.  He has chickens that clean his garden at the end of the season and fertilize it at the same time.  He teaches you how to grow a tree the size of a bush so that you can reach all your fruit instead of feeding the birds.  He also sells organic hand wash, dish soap and laundry detergent that you can drain into your garden so that you are using your own grey water instead of pouring it down the drain.  I highly recommend do the tour since it is only a $10 donation.
4	Greg's extremely knowledgeable & I've gotten lots of great ideas on permaculture, gardening, water harvesting, and urban orcharding from his urban farm!  He does a thorough tour of it and always has some new project going on that makes subsequent tours interesting.  He loves to be looking at "what's next" so often his new projects include a new or leading edge technology or method.  Worth a visit, especially during the nicer months in Phoenix!
