4	Had to go here because I was diagnosed with kidney stones. As for any doctor or hospital visit, you have tons of paperwork to fill out not to mention any discrepancies between your insurance and the place itself. The wait times are what everybody complains about the most and this place is not any different. I know wait times are to be expected but some places make you wait so long that your butt starts getting numb just sitting there.I arrived for my 10 am appointment at 9:45. I get called in at about 10:10 and they put me in one of the designated rooms. About 30 minutes later my urologist shows up, does all the necessary things like checking my vitals, past medical history, and current documentation on said diagnosis. The verdict was to come back to the hospital the next day so surgery can be performed to remove the stones which has been determined to be lodged.The service overall was pleasant. I didn't deal with any unhappy or disgruntled employees. They answered all my questions and made sure the forms I filled were all correct and complete. The Urologist himself was pleasant to deal with. Overall, I thought everything went smoothly. I don't think there will ever be a 5 star rating for any place that you have to wait to be seen but this place I think is pretty close to it.
2	Went for a checkup, the doc wanted more extensive testing.  I was told by the front desk that they'd call in two days to schedule the tests.  After more than a week went by without hearing from them, I called.  someone said she'd find out what had happened and call be before the end of the day.  Two days later, still no word, so I called again.  Finally got things rolling, scheduled the procedure and I was told that I needed to have some bloodwork done prior to procedure.  They said, "go to quest labs and they'll have an order for the bloodwork."  I did...Quest didn't.  Called the doctors office to try to get the order, but was told that someone would call me back.  At that point, I decided that if I can't get a call-back, and they can't be responsible enough to send in a simple order for routine bloodwork, then why on earth would I want to let them perform something invasive on me?!  Final step, called radiologist and urologists and cancelled everything.  back to square one with hours of wasted time, and a bill for an office visit.  Their proud claim of being one of the largest urology groups in southern nevada is kind of like the Circus Circus buffet advertising that it has the largest plates.  I'm going to do some research and try to find a professional with the priority of patients rather than volume.
1	I called to make an appointment for my dad who was just released from the hospital and is an existing patient. He needed to be seen right away, per the doctors at the hospital. When I called, they said no one gets in without waiting a week. To clarify, I asked if they were completely booked? They were not, they just make their patients wait a week - even in emergencies! I would stay clear of this place!
3	I saw the PA, which usually is a good experience for me, however this guy seemed to have decided what the issue was before he ever saw me. No discussion, no physical contact. Just a suggestion to stop all my pain meds for three weeks. BAHAHAHA! Riiiight. Wouldn't that be nice? Clean office, not a long wait, just not much concern, either.
