5	Great new North Central spot.Nice bar and a good food menu in the location what used to be an old car garage.Strong drinks and good looking food.Good parking.Lights a little bright in the mens room.Can't wait to try all the stuff on the menu.Thanks for putting a new spot in North Central.
4	Quick update: Stopped by the past weekend. The claypot chili wings are top notch. Some of the best wings I have ever eaten. A solid choice. Looks like a good addition to the Bethany Home & 16th St area. Really cool renovation of an old mechanic's shop. Slide up garage doors and fold up windows give the place a really open air feeling. On to the food! The menu is pretty sparse, but covers the standard pub type fare. Salads, flatbreads (pizza), wings, burgers, etc...We had an order of deviled eggs to start the night. Yea, never seen them on a menu before either. They were good, but a bit tame. They could be spiced up a bit for my taste. For dinner, I had a bacon cheeseburger. The bun was super tasty. Brioche bread and toasted a bit. Beer and wine list was lengthy and reasonably priced.I would return and would recommend.
4	Got off the plane from Sacramento and my buddy who picked me up at the airport suggested we stop here for a drink to catch up. What a great new addition to North Central.16th Street and Bethany Home is really turning into a hot spot with Phoenix Grille,The Vig Uptown and now Garage!I can't review the food because we just had a couple of drinks but the bartender was very nice and the space is amazing. They've kept the big garage doors which can open to the patio in nice weather. The interior is spacious and open with a big bar and plenty of tables and booths for seating. There's even a fireplace which had a roaring fire going which was perfect for this time of year.Definitely a great addition to this part of town!
5	Great new spot!!! Was greeted at the door and quickly seated by the fireplace nice touch by the way. This is an actual old auto garage turned gastro/bistro. The tunes are spot on and they have 4 TV's for all the games. Service staff is very friendly. The food is contemporary punched with lots of love. The wings are amazing an offered in a chile, sweet soy, or truffle glaze. They have shrimp cocktail, deviled eggs, cheese board just to name a few apps. The basic salads and burgers and dogs. (brats and franks!).The Lamb Chops are awesome dont miss those
2	kind of yucky--I debated on whether to do a two or three for the Garage--The restaurant itself is great looking, very industrial--great patio space on Bethany Home.  We went for lunch about 1:30--service was fine, but it took more than 20 minutes for the food to be served and all we ordered was 2 BLT's and a flatbread--and by that time there were maybe three other tables of folks--so they weren't exactly busy.If you are going to do BLT's you should do them well--spend a little on wonderful tomatoes and put enough bacon on them to live up to their namesake--for $8--i expected more than a strip of bacon--They also put the sandwich on brioche--which is not the right bread for a BLT--the sandwich needs a dense bread--well toasted to offset the moisture in the mayo and tomatoes--this thing was hard to eat at best.What was really awful though were the fries--first of all the potatoes had no taste and secondly they was a VERY NEGATIVE taste of oil that had been used way too many times--I have to say a got home after this meal and didn't feel right the rest of the day.  I can see going back to the garage for a drink at the bar--but it will not be on my list for lunch or any other meal  I think these "mechanics" need to go back for some more training on quality.
4	Great atmosphere, good selection of beers on tap, and interesting appetizers. Try the deviled eggs, which are unlike any others I've had, since they feature truffle oil and BACON! I'll be back.
4	I live in the neighborhood so was hoping this place was going to be a good new local spot and am pleased to say it is.  Nice beer selection and well above average bar/comfort food.  The service was relaxed, friendly and efficient.  Well laid out interior with large bar, table or comfy booth seating.  All the food we tried got the thumbs up and included some excellent deviled eggs, mac n cheese, a cup of their chili and the house burger.  The outdoor patio will be a sweet option in good weather.  Would recommend for drinks and/or a low key meal.
5	Happy that this place opened up!  Burgers are amazing...and their horseradish pickles (guessing boarshead brand) are a great addition to the meal.  Havent had anything other than beer to drink, but the Trippel that they have on tap is awesome.  Its pretty rare to see a Trippel on tap.  A great place to go any night and grab a drink.  The fireplaces are a great mood setter and the staff has been great every time I have gone there.  Giving it a 5 because I can walk here, love the the beers on tap and bottle, and food was great!
4	The Garage is a great new place atop what is slowly becoming my favorite intersection.  The service is fantastic, they have a few good beers on tap, and the food looks to be promising.They also have a decent happy hour, which as I remember has $1 off tap beer and some wine specials.  What they lack is any happy hour food prices, which would definitely bring me back here often.  We only had food once, which was a flatbread.  Pretty good although nothing to write home about.  Their menu looks promising but I would consider the food a tad too pricey.  The atmosphere is pretty good (with the exception of the lighting in the men's room, which can kill you if you're not careful).  I think its a great place to stop in for happy hour before heading over to the Swizzle Inn to get your drink on.
3	I really like this place. They have lots of seating and a good size bar. The front of the building has roll up doors so you get the outside air while sitting at the bar. My girlfriend and I just st stopped by for a beer and a few apps. The bar has a good selection of liquor and a good selection of beer on tap or in a bottle. I dig the atmosphere in this place. The staff was way friendly. We ordered the deviled eggs and the chipolte wings. The eggs were good but a little to strong with garlic. The wings were really good and they were crispy. My only complaint was i wanted them hotter. They had great flavor but need some heat. If your someone that doesn't like hot wings don't let the name chipolte scare you away these wings are = to mild wings. The other disappointment was the menu is very limited. The bartender told us they have a daily special everyday but its basically 3 flatbreads, a few salads, a burger, a sandwich, and about 6 apps, fries and onion rings. I will be back and in hopes they will have more food items in the future cause we like this place and its close to home so i will stop in often!!!
4	We made it twice to "The Garage" and were easily converted into big fans!  One of the best things about the place was the ambiance and decor.  The cool layout made us feel like we were in a very cozy and long established bar.  Like some other Yelpers, one of the things we like to do is check out the bathroom in new places!  The "garage paraphernalia" tucked into the walls and the industrial sink are some pretty cool touches.  Think modern man bathroom...with class! :)  Kesha should shoot a video here!As far as the food and drinks go, we were equally pleased.  We sampled the wings (Chili Claypot...fantastic!), the sweet potato fries, the chopped wedge salad, the meat lovers flatbread, and the bratwurst.  While the bratwurst was very tasty, I was hoping for a big ol' uber-bratwurst.  The rest of the food we had was way above average.  The food definitely seemed dialed in.  Both times we went (more happy hour excursions) our order was quickly delivered....and quickly consumed.The drinks were a steal too!  The tap selection was very eclectic and if you like Jack & Coke, try their well-whiskey.  Very tasty!  The Mrs. went with a Bacardi (well-rum) & Diet.  Getting back to the beer though...try the Steigel!  If you like Stella Artois, you will love this one.  This is going to be a frequent spot for us and gives us one more reason to wish we lived in the neighborhood.  This is at least a 4 1/2 star place!Note:  On our last visit, we had the good fortune of meeting the owner, Ted.  Ted's character comes out in his bar.  He seems like a laid back, enjoy life kind of guy.  We truly enjoyed our time sitting and chatting with him at the bar.
2	Bleh. I have been anxiously awaiting the opening of this spot, since I frequent the other spots on the same corner.  I had some pretty high hopes that this might end up rivaling Postino's or Bomberos... or well... something other than a drive-thru.I ordered the daily flatbread pizza.  It was a Chicken Teriyaki with prosciutto, pineapple and red jalapenos.  The ingredients didn't seem to be of the best quality.  The chicken was a little gristly (sliced breast meat would have been nice), and the cheese was unspeakable.  It was straight-from-a-bag mozzarella... which was congealed into a huge mass of grease.  The pizza was so wet with sauce and grease and heavy from too many toppings, that I couldn't even identify the crust... it was disintegrating before my eyes.  The prosciutto was all in one large clump, instead of being sprinkled throughout.  So disappointing.  My friend's caprese salad was mainly a plate of tomatoes with a garnish of cheese and a sprig of basil.  I love a good caprese - and especially enjoy when there is a fairly equal amount of all ingredients.  Helps balance out each bite, you know?  No such luck with this one! Our service was fine.  Helpful enough in the beginning, but I think once she sensed we weren't thrilled with our food, she just tried to get away with a minimal amount of interaction.  The waitress never asked me how my meal was... even though I was clearly picking at it, and only ate half of it.  She offered to clear it away - not box it - so, she must have realized I didn't enjoy it.I will definitely wait a while for a return visit.  Since it is close and has a great layout/atmosphere, I am hoping that they work out these rather large kinks and become the kind of place that I would like to revisit.
1	Very Disappointed! We were really looking forward to their opening since, we live in the neighborhood and it is within walking distance. It advertised itself as a wine bar...not so much! Postinos and Bomberos are wine bars. This place is more a beer and burger joint! We ordered the garage meat and cheese plate, and when it was delivered may husband and I just looked at one another. We could not believe for the price we were being served what looked like some refrigerator leftovers. I would have been embarrassed to serve this to anyone. There was not even enough meat or cheese for one person and it was served with two little pieces of crostini. Two glasses of wine and the platter with tax was around $40. We left and went down the street to Postino's for their antipasti board...wow what a difference. Their chef needs to visit the competition and learn what is out there. To say the least we will not be returning!
3	I've been here twice now and definitely think it's a nice addition to the neighborhood.It's great that they kept a lot of the history of the building and were able to update it and turn it into a nice bar/restaurant. It's a very attractive space and will be even better when the weather gets warmer and they can roll up the overhead doors.This last visit I ordered the Garage burger and a combo of their waffle fries and sweet potato fries on the side.  The burger was good, but let's face it, a burger is pretty much a burger.  The fries were above average and the portions were huge.My favorite part of the meal was the Thunder Canyon amber ale.  Brewed down in Tucson, it is awesome and gives Fat Tire and Kiltlifter a run for their money.The service was friendly and overall I have enjoyed stopping in here for a beer or a bite to eat.
3	I think Garage has potential to be a great draw to Uptown Phoenix! I really like this place, the renovations are awesome, but the menu lacks balance in pricing and portions. With a name like Garage, I was prepared for a gritty, hamburger-driven menu, but that is not the case. Garage strives for pretty and delicious instead. My burger had great size and flavor. Instead of the selections on the menu for cheese, I opted for goat cheese...I highly, highly recommend this! The burger, the bacon, the goat cheese and the bun came together to one fantastic flavor. None of the ingredients lacked any sort of quality, that's for sure.My girlfriend's salad was kind of small for $10, but also had good flavor. In fact, it was one of the fresher and better tasting caprese salads that I've tasted, but it seemed more like it should have been under the appetizers for around $6 instead of the salad menu. It just wouldn't be enough food for me if I solely ordered that for a meal.Again, Garage has potential, and a lot of it. The space is gorgeous, the service is friendly and the quality of the food sets a high bar. Since it's close to my house, I will be back. I'm curious about checking out their happy hour.
3	So, I too live within walking distance of Garage.  I have popped in on 3 separate occasions & each time I have enjoyed myself.  The menu is small, and I've only have a couple of different flat breads, so I definitely need to venture out.  I also seem to keep stopping by during happy hour.  I'd like to see what their dinner selections are.  Staff is friendly and attentive.  I'll definitely go back to sample more beers, wines, and food.
4	Where is my half-star on this one.It is clear from some of the prvious reviews that this neighborhood place is making an impact on the neighborhood.  Is that too obvious?Like several reviews before me, The Garage is walking distance from my home.  So, as I anxiously watched grow-up I was hoping it would give us an alternative to the Vig or other related spots.I would like the 1/2 star on this because there are a few kinks that need to be worked out, but on style, astmosphere and most importantly earnestness, this place deserves the benefit of the doubt.  So 4 stars it is.Likes:Comfy and engaging seating for the bar and Patio.  The almost outside bar has a great feel no matter which side of it you sit on.  Service has been friendly and enthusiastic each time I have visited, and the staff truly seems to care about their new place.  That sort of sense of ownership is hard to come by.  The food is definatley tastey and I think their  much talked about burger is one of the best in town.  I told the bartender that it was the perfect balance of a juicy burger you would grill yourself at home, with all of the flavor and quality of a great restaurant burger.  Good stuff.   Location:  I already told you it was in my backyard.Challenges:I spoke of the bar and patio as hitting the mark.  The rest of the dining areas seems a bit confused to me.  The cozy booths along the back are nice, but leave me feeling detached and left out of the energy.   The calvalcade of smokers going out to the back smoking patio is also a bit busy. The dining area in front does the opposite, I feel out in the open and exposed.  Not sure what the solution is, but it keeps me at the bar or on the patio.   Everything I have eaten has been tastey, but lack of options and a little priciness keeps me from going back as much as I might.  I want this to be my neighborhood bar, but those things keep me from being too regular.  All of this not-with-standing 4 stars it is.  There is pride in the place, and they seem to really care about quality.  I will be back for sure.
5	The Garage is yet another central Phoenix building reuse success story.Much like it's neighbor, The Vig Uptown, this outstanding venue had a drastically different former life, in this case a tanning salon.OK, actually it was a Garage, and I know this not only because of my amazing powers of deduction, but because my parents actually brought their cars here when I was a kid. I have never had the experience of having dinner and drinks at a place that I was last at when there was oil & grease on the floor, and guys in blue overalls running around.I've had the opportunity to visit The Garage twice so far, once on a Friday for dinner, and once on a Friday for lunch. A great friend of mine lives right down the street, and he has been telling me that we needed to hit up The Garage.On my first visit, it was very busy so we grabbed a beer and loitered until our table was ready. The service was quick and friendly, the bartender was attentive. We each got a draft beer of something, it was pretty good, but the glass wasn't frozen. (Perhaps it was cold, but after being spoiled by The Roosevelt and their iceberg cold pint glasses, it was a noticeable difference)Ambiance wise, The Garage is beautiful. I would have never imagined you could take a working mechanics garage and convert it into an upscale sleek neighborhood bar and grill. Unlike corporate ventures, The Garage keeps is simple, and clutter free. That's not to say there isn't character and charm, because the place is really impressive, it's just not overdone. One of the things that will catch your eye is the super cool huge propeller that occupies the East wall of The Garage. In addition, there are little mechanic related items scattered around the restaurant which pay homage to the building's former life. Seating is comfortable and plentiful, and The Garage gets massive points for creating a comfortable seating plan without placing too many tables and cramming people in (Ruth's Chris anyone?).Our table came ready and we were seated and greeted by a server named Casey. Casey was friendly and knowledgeable and made some helpful recommendations. We each ordered a burger, and they offer several different sides, but being a simple guy, I went with waffle fries.The food arrived a short time later, and the burger was truly outstanding. Casey came back around to check us, and he was clearly pleased that we enjoyed the food. It really is a cool thing when employees take pride in what they do, and where they work, and The Garage is one of those places.Apologies for the wordiness of this review, but it really is worthy of praise and attention. Great food meets wonderful service, with the added charm of a tremendous venue. Prices were good and the crowd seemed really nice, with an eclectic mix of patrons. Great job Garage, I look forward to many visits, every three months, or 3,000 miles- which ever comes first- and unlike regular garages, I will trust you when you say "Try the deviled eggs" and won't think you're selling me a part that isn't broken, or I don't need.
4	My girlfriend suggested we meet here for our weekly happy hour get together. I live in the area and love trying out new places in Central Phoenix, so I was excited to meet there! To get to the point, my only complaint is that their happy hour was not really a happy hour at all. I think it was $1.00 off draught beer and $2 off their (very expensive) wine list. There were no discounts on food! Definitely no points for a good happy hour. We split the Caprese salad which was very, very good, but again, too expensive for what it is. I ordered the grilled cheese and my girlfriend got the burger. We both were satisfied, but overall, I didn't think the Garage was anything special. I did love the decor and layout though and the service was really good.
1	My wife and I went there on Friday afternoon for a late lunch. We were looking forward to trying a restaurant that was new to our neighborhood, with outdoor seating. When we sat down, there were only 4 tables being used. We thought this would mean we wouldn't have to wait long for lunch. We were WRONG! We waited for 15 minutes to get service. It took 25 minutes for them to deliever  2 hamburgers that we paid 12.00 a piece for. The hamburgers were good. They add an additonal 3.00 for a side that, we thought was part of the meal. They didn't tell us there was an extra charge for the side.The menu has a limited selection for entrees. The service was terrrible. It was our first and last experience
5	We stopped here this afternoon for a late lunch.  The atmosphere is friendly and hip, the beer cold, and the food delicious.  My Garage Burger arrived with a heap of sweet potato fries that were more than I could possibly eat.  My wife's chicken wings were sweet/savory delicious.  The burger, which we shared, was huge, delicious, and smothered in gorgonzola cheese and bacon.  Wow.  Another wonderful restaurant in this up and coming neighborhood.
3	I walked into Garage on Saturday night around 8:45 after I was unsuccessful in my attempt to find a seat at either of the bars at Rokerij. There was a spot at the bar, and I was happy to be checking out Garage after passing by it a few times.I liked the vibe right away--the exposed brick, simple layout, understated bar, working fireplace, patio seating, happy-seeming people in conversation, friendly bartender who greeted me.I ignored the full bar when I saw that the six beers on tap offered all I needed for the night. There were a couple that I had never heard of (imports) and as much as I wanted to explore, I had to go with the Vanilla Porter from Breckenridge Brewery. I was in the mood for a burger and thought that it would be a worthy pairing (it was). Unfortunately, the burger didn't pull its weight.The Garage Burger is a fairly straightforward offering - Bibb lettuce, tomato, caramelized onions, a few pickles slices (with a touch of horseradish), applewood-smoked bacon, and cheese. I skipped the cheese, and ordered it medium rare with sweet potato fries and waffle fries. (The attentive and accommodating bartender suggested I go 50/50 between the two. She recommended the sweet potato fries, but I was a bit hesitant as everyone today seems to be serving them and not everyone does it well.)When the plate arrived, I went after the sweet potato fries and was very happy with them. Top notch, top notch. I picked up the burger and had a good first bite: bacon, lettuce, beef, bun (probably not in that order). Unfortunately, the first bite was the best. The bottom half of the bun was quick to give way, and before too long, a few substantial pieces of the patty had fallen onto the plate. I got a good look at a few of the renegade burger bits and saw that the burger had taken on too much heat; it was a few seconds beyond medium (and well beyond medium rare). I also remembered that I had ordered waffle fries and that the onion rings that were on my plate were a mistake. That's not a deal-breaker for me, but the limp rings with a soggy coating were. The o-rings had a prominent oniony flavor (yeah yeah, I know, just stay with me for a second): The onion ring tasted more like a raw onion than a deliciously battered and fried one. While that flavor was too strong, the burger patty was bland. It needed the bacon to have any real flavor, but the applewood notes dominated the burger. No wonder the bartender looked at me funny when I turned away the plate of condiments.As much as I was underwhelmed and disappointed by the burger, I'm going to come back. I'll try one of the flatbreads and perhaps a salad before I shut the door on this Garage. And, let's end on a positive note--the men's room was worth checking out. The sink looks like it hasn't changed since grease monkeys scrubbed down with Lava. Various tools are set into the walls. But I didn't come here to hang out in the men's room.I'll give it three stars, but I'm only using pen for the first two. I want to like it more, and I promise to try harder next time if the kitchen does too.
3	This place doesn't have many vegetarian options - a flat-bread pizza, a grilled cheese and a few salads.  Boring!  Even their deviled eggs come with big ol' bacon strips on it. I ordered the Caprese salad, which was pretty tasty and my dining companions seemed to love the chili and chicken wings.  We got chocolate cake for dessert and it is huge, rich, and dense!  Our party of 4 couldn't finish it - so, definitely split that one!   Our sever, Casey, was great and this old garage has a very hep, uptown ambiance to it.
5	Great service, good beer, AMAZING burger and yummy sweet potato fries.  This place is an awesome bar food venue with a cool interior design, not too pricey or pretentious.
4	Very cool neighborhood place...good beer selection and the flatbreads were great!  The bartender was very friendly and the place just has a cool vibe!
4	Great atmosphere and service to match.  A great addition to the neighborhood!
1	Stopped by for just a cocktail and to check the place out.  The bartender was rude and short with us.  After three attempts of trying to figure out what she was saying, we got it!  We didn't even get a chance to look at the menu as we couldn't finish our cocktails fast enough.  There was not a very welcoming atmosphere, apparently unless you are a regular, and the "smoking patio" is a joke.  Because of the non-welcoming atmosphere, we won't be back.
4	Service was slow at the beginning but i found out later he's on work release from tent city.  So all is forgiven.  Good happy hour, cute place plus an elderly couple was making out by my friend's car when we left.  Good times!  PS i got a ride home, since hearing tent city dui stories made me not want to join anyone there...
4	I'm into lists so I'll just keep this simple.  Here's what I like about the Garage: -great vibe-friendly and competent servers (who also frequent some local bars in the area, so be nice b/c you'll run into them again!)-caprese salad-sweet potato fries-wide selection of awesome beers on tap - bet you haven't heard of several of them!- nice patio- nice TVs for the sports fans (though none on the patio)-hard cider on tap-tile on the ladies room is very pretty  =)  (yes, I did just write that! haha)-cute servers (both men and women), there are a fair amount of servers in this area who still have mullets and sport 80s do's so this is a nice change of pace! This area of Central Phoenix pretty much has only dive bars or true restaurant/dining options. but the Garage offers the perfect medium in between.  You could go there for food or you could go there just for drinks.   Definitely recommend checking it out if you are in the area!
2	Rather than say anything negative about the food or service, I'm just going to post pics of the girls bathroom. That's it. The best part about this place is the bathroom. You decide what that says about everything else. I'll try it again sometime. Hopefully the bathroom won't be the best part.
3	Went last night with a group of 18, a challenge since they don't take reservations. The person I talked to earlier in the day said there was nothing they could/would do, the hostess when we arrived said we should have called ahead and they could have tried to prepare for us.We ended up splitting the group into 4 tables.The food: the deviled eggs were bland as hell. Now I know why they add the bacon on top. My burger was good. Meaty and juicy. I'm personally not a fan of sweet pickles at any time, especially on a burger. So many onion rings I couldn't finish them. Other diners at the table had the brats and said they were ok, but not really a lot of flavor, which seemed to be the trend with everything.Also, the aluminum bottles of Coke are cute and trendy, but I'm not big on not having free refills on sodas at a restaurant, especially when they are charging $2.00 a pop.I had so been looking forward to returning here after my first visit in January. I would go back, but now it's just another restaurant to me.
1	This trendy bar is like Scottsdale.  If you are not in, you are out.  Simply a local bar with cliques.  We went there the tonight to celebrate our successand were treated coldly. at best.Stay away from this pretentious wine bar.  It's too bad because the food was satisfying but the staff is very cliquish.  Go to Rokerj instead and have warm, friendly evening.  This is a bad place and don't be sucked in by the eclectic surroundings,  Especially stay away when the bartender Kim is on duty,  She is cold and very unfriendly and preoccupied with the other help instead of the patrons.  This place deserves to close as Scottsdale pretentiousness moves west because of high real estate cost.  Stay away with your attitude.
2	Food...mehService...mehAmbiance...mehMy husband's french frys were cold.  My cheese plate seemed as though it was prepared in the early morning and let to sit in a fridge for hours.I would go back to people watch and drink beer, but eat elsewhere.
4	This place provides one more reason to say goodbye to bs corporate chains forever. a place without pretensions, cool ambiance, friendly inviting service, and food full of robust flavor. This experience totally delivered.
3	Love this converted and hip place! Met a friend here for "lunch" (We didn't eat). So I guess for "booze lunch", hence I can't comment on the menu. We sat out on the front patio. It was a nice day. Patio somewhat standard and overlooking Bethany Home Road isn't the best of scenery. The back "patio" was one small two seater table and reminded me of being punished. This is where people go to smoke it seems. The inside was clean- has a large bar and decorated quite nicely. Hip "garage" feel. It was empty inside. I had a couple glasses of wine. Service a little slow considering we were the only people there. She mainly just talked to the bartender. Lots of potential here! They did a nice job with the decorating and the drinks were cold and good. Decent wine list. Average prices. I will have to come again and feel the place out a little more and try some food.
2	Like everyone has been saying this place has great potential and hopefully the owners get with it!  Beautiful decor and great friendly staff.  Unfortunaltey I have to give it only 2 stars because the food is extremely over priced and uninnventive.  $10 for a Caparese salad with just a few tomatoes and mozz......you can go to Vig across the street and get a Greek salad large enough to feed 2 people full of chicken and tons of veggies for the same price.  With all the competition coming to this neighborhood and all the great restuarants in the Central Corridor they're going to have a hard time staying open if they don't improve their pricing/menu options.
4	Been here once, but once is enough to know that I'm going to become a regular.It's a really cool-looking spot, with all kinds of memorabilia from its former life as an actual garage. You have to check out the bathrooms for instance.Great bar area, with plenty of room to spread out, and they have outdoor seating out front right next to it.I made this an expensive evening because we a) ordered an appetizer followed by both special entrees and b) drank like there was no tomorrow. It was worth the cost, and I sometimes have buyer's remorse from my Friday evenings out. San Tan and Stella on tap, grilled lamb chops followed by more beers and a big ass ribeye sitting on grilled asparagus and ginormous shrimp on lemon polenta with corn and even more San Tan and Stella equaled about a c-note. Like the movie producer said about a piece of ass in Godfather part I, this was one of the best steaks I've ever had, and I've had em all over the world! I hope they make those specials permanent menu items.The service was also excellent, and we had a conversation with our server about the food and the beers they served which was really helpful in deciding what to order.
4	I went here tonight with the BF to use our groupon, and we enjoyed it very much. We had a very friendly and helpful waiter named Casey, who was efficient and personable so that was really nice. We split the caprese salad, and the kitchen actually split it onto two plates for us, which was really nice. It had a chunk of mozz, a slice of beefsteak tomato and a bunch of little red and yellow tomatoes. I thought the mozz and the little tomatoes were good, but the beefsteak tomato was a bit firm. I ordered the special chicken sandwich they had today, which was very tasty. It was chicken on focaccia bread with arugula, onion, tomato jam, and garlic aioli. It was sweet and savory and the bread was really good. It came with sweet potato fries which were also good and plentiful (I took home like 2 sweet potatoes worth and ate like maybe a half a potato.... whoa). The BF got the burger and he loved it! It was perfectly cooked and had a nice flavor. He got waffle fries with his burger and they were delicious! They had a good seasoning on them and they were crunchy, but not too crunchy. The prices are also reasonable when you consider the amount of food that you get. So I would definitely come back here.
2	Went there for lunch.  Split a chopped salad and a deviled eggs.Large portions.  Salad was a bit heavy on sauce, but I liked it.  Deviled eggs had some truffle oil which made them pretty good.  Burger was gigantic.  Ordered onion rings that were just not good at all... must be frozen pre-bought, which sucks.  Burger kind of tasted oily bland.  Tried to add mustard, and it wasn't terrible, but for an upscale burger at $12 expected just a bit better.  Companion had sweet potato fries which were much better.Service even though the place was dead was very slow.  Not unfriendly, but they need to realize people that go for a mid-week lunch usually don't have 1.5-2 hours to eat.All in all, it wasn't a terrible experience.  I really like the ambience... love the modern look of brick and blackened steel.  But I'd probably be more interested in coming here for beers and drinks with a couple appetizers, than a sit-down meal.  For a meal, there are just much better central Phoenix locations.
5	The BF and I went back here last night because he felt like a burger and it was 9 o clock and we didn't want fast food, so this place came to mind, despite the fact that it is far away from home. I was so impressed because our waiter, Casey, remembered us from the last time we were in and even remembered what was on special the night we came in..... it was kind of crazy, but I think it is so cool that a place like this has such good service. It was definitely unexpected. The BF got the burger again and he really loves it. He gets it with havarti cheese... it is good. I got a different special which was a flatbread with chicken, BBQ sauce, onion, bacon, cheese, and red jalapenos on it. This thing was good! It was spicy and sweet, which is a great combination, and the crust was very crispy, which gave it a nice texture. I also like that the bacon was there just to support the other flavors, it wasn't all about the bacon. I am not a bacon fan (despite being called crazy for this fact), so when I can eat something that just has a slight bacon flavor, that is perfect for me. The portions were large and the prices are pretty close to standard. Again, I would return.... this place has really impressed me.
4	We got to the restaurant at the end of  a Friday happy hour  with 10 mature hungry men in tow.  The restaurant was crowded with large parties of "youtts", as Vinny would say, in a TGIF mood.  The staff was very helpful in finding us an immediate space, although  small, with a promise to move us when the crowd lessened.  We got really good service and a bigger space when it became available.The food menu was limited but very adequate for our simple minded tastes.  The wedding soup was among the best and the meat cheese plate was fantastic. No complaints in this group means it was a really good overall experience.The surroundings were simple, casual and fun.  I'd certainly go back for more.
5	I gotta 5 stars this place. I went twice since I moved back to AZ in late-January, and botrh experinces have been awesome. Super cool wait staff AND the food has been amazing. Their flatbreads are yummy. My kids like it there too.
5	Last Friday, the 8th of July, my partner and I along with 8 other men visited the Garage.  It was very busy and we had some difficulty finding space for all 10 of us.  However, the staff was very accommodating and quickly found us a round table, which was rather crowded, but then a little later found another table that could be moved over so that we could sit more comfortably.  I had the Italian wedding soup and the wedge salad which was excellent. My partner had one of the flatbread pizzas and he found to be very good.  All of  the other members of our group seemed to really like there food, and one of our guys, who is a true expert among the hamburger crowd, was barely able to finish his hamburger.Since our group meets for dinner at a Valley restaurant almost every Friday evening, I'm positive we will be back.
5	Comfortable, cool, kinda swank but not pretentious; modern place with a retro attitude. I like it! Great dark brew right off the tap. Great place to be when its freaking 118 degrees outside. Sat next to the owner, Ted. Had no idea. A regular Joe. Fun guy, great sense of humor. Just started coming here and only had the Deviled Eggs, but I'll definitely be back for the atmosphere, the cool and the vibe. Nice job, Ted.
1	We've been to the Garage several times (always brought other friends with us because it was close and we liked the atmosphere and the food was pretty good). Service was okay. Recently we chose to go there because we had purchased a groupon. Five of us ate dinner (food was okay to decent) and had two drinks a piece. The bill game to $125 without tip. The Garage deducted the $30 groupon, but we didn't notice until after we left that they tacked on an extra $16 fee. I went back to ask why the extra $16 fee? They said if you use the groupon during happy hour you lost all happy hour pricing. This wasn't mentioned at the time otherwise I wouldn't have used my groupon. They said it was on the groupon that it wasn't valid for happy hour (fine, then don't take it and by the way we also had five dinners). We didn't go there for happy hour, we went for dinner. At the end of the day, I spent $15 for the groupon, paid an extra $16 for the happy hour charge (total of $31 dollars) and received a $30 deduction. Not good math. My conclusion - don't go there with your groupon during happy hour, you might get screwed. Also, as a restaurant,  you would think you would want to make a return, local, recommending customer happy, instead of screw them. I won't be returning and I won't be bringing my friends either. We can go to Zipps, the Vig or Phoenix City Grille instead.
4	I have been there a few times now.  Overall, service is solid, although I feel the bar service is faster than when sitting at a table.  Ambiance is solid and generally full during the early evening hours.  They can improve on little things, but overall a good, casual place to go.Burgers are fantastic.  The horseradish pickles and Havarti cheese is a nice touch.  Flatbreads are very tasty.Wings are interesting - off the beaten path a bit, but tasty.I like how they promote local beers.  Decent wines by the glass as well.
3	I want the Garage to do well. It is still a work in progress, though. Three of us visited two weeks ago. We were sat right next to a group of 40 - 55 year old ladies out for a surprise birthday. What's with that anyways. Do you really need to go to a somewhat small restaurant with your pack of "girls," and occupy a large swath of the dining area? Do you need all the paraphernalia (collages, centerpieces, hats)? I was seriously waiting to see a youngish birthday girl. Nope, she was the oldest. 60, easy. Act your age. While you're at it, you are not a size six anymore. Needless to say, it was loud. At least one of the revelers apologized right when we sat. As if that's any conciliation for the volume 11 cackling. First off, the Garage has good brewskis. Not a huge supply, but what they have is quality. We had wings and truffle oil deviled eggs. Both were great. I had Schriner's Sausage Flat bread, and it was great. Wife had something, I forget, and said it was good. Friend had some large salad and said it was good, too. Overall, food was better than most. So, why the three stars you ask? Service. Why do some cool places slip up on this? Is it because they hire "cool people" or friends that don't really want to work? First off, a server (we were seated at the entrance/ exit to the kitchen) dropped a glass bottle of ketchup five feet from my foot. My wife and I had splatter on our jeans and glass near our sandal clad feet. Hardly a response. We were handed a rag. Our server not so sympathetically wondered, "Oh, they almost dropped a bottle of ketchup on you." The rest of the night just seemed a little disorganized and not relaxing? Every server seemed in the weeds or confused. Empty beer and water glasses. Entrees arrived and empty app plates sat there. $60 for three for apps, dinner and beers.
3	probably the best bloody marys i've had in phoenix! food is good pretending to be great.(happy hour is 3pm-7pm)
1	I must say that I was amazed that I had purchased a Groupon Now to use for lunch this afternoon and they were not even open.  It looks bland on the outside, I really could not see inside.  I get the feeling that I may have been better off not going inside (but may never know).
4	We initially went because my husband had wanted to try out this little gastropub and is a huge fans a trying a variety of beers.  And we've returned because I fell head over heels in "food heaven" with their Shrimp and Risotto dish!  Beautiful, large shrimp are wrapped in bacon and grilled.  They are then placed on a bed of a lemon risotto that has the perfect balance of freshness from the lemon and comfort from the cheesy goodness.  There are splashes of truffle oil, balsamic glaze and some other sauce that make this dish a total delight!  My husband typically orders the burger, and said that it is a good and satisfying when you're looking for an All-American burger on a good roll.  I've also tried the lamb, which to me was just okay, and I probably wouldn't order it again.  We've had friends order the flatbread pizzas and the wings and all said they were really good too!  We ordered the bread pudding once too off of our servers recommendation, and it was different than most bread puddings, but really good.The service tends to be hit or miss... so be aware of that.  You'll probably be pretty upset if you're really into excellent service... it hasn't been awful, but it can be inconsistent (we've had really good, one average, and one that was terrible).  Some nights tend to be really busy, so I'd avoid that as it seems that any service goes straight down the tubes.  But, since I'm hooked on their shrimp and risotto... I will return whether the service is great or just ho-hum.  And my husband really seems to enjoy the beers, while the selection isn't huge, he has really liked what he's had!
4	The parking is horrific.  (It's in the same structure as Luci's and a cupcake store).  However, brave the parking situation since this is a much needed local non-chain addition to the neighborhood.  Without dissing Zipps across the street, (I mean, how many Zipps can one metropolitan area really need?), this is a great place to watch football and get a few beers.  The cons are that there are on a few good beers on tap, which does thankfully include a cider.  The food is good.  I really really like the garage board, which is one of the best cheeseplates in town.  Artfully assembled, with the perfect mix of cheeses, meats and different nuts, olives and sweets its addictive.  The decor is minimalistic and could actually benefit with another mural but overall its a comfortable easy place to grab a beer and eat a deviled egg.  Seriously, they have bacon.  They are delicious.
4	Good happy hour and dinner place in my neighborhood.  Looking forward to cooler weather so I can eat outside here again.-Good beer selection-Great wings-Tasty flatbread pizzas
5	I love this place!  It's got an urban/industrial decor-feel to it.  The food is great, and they have great lunch specials.  It's right around the corner from work, so great for work.  They are quick and considerate of that time.  It really is inviting, and just made me feel like I could have been sitting outside the San Fransisco warf or something. Just imagine the water outside.  I, of course, went on a beautiful 80 degree weather day, when the windows were all open.  Their flatbread pizzas are delish!  The serving size of the sweet potatos was huge! You could really split that. It has a great bar.  It's very inviting, and just makes you want to come back for happy hour. I'm not a big fan of bars that don't have any domestic beer on tap, and there wasn't any that I could see.  But I'd still come back, because their happy hours look very reasonable. Ladies, you have to check out the bathrooms. Straight out of an interior design catalog! They were advertising their brunch menu, but I haven't tried that and due to location may not.
4	Great spot! Went there last night with a bunch of girlfriends for HH. They had a great band playing (a little too loud for HH ). We shared some aps and flatbreat, their goat cheese flat bread was really good! They really did a good job decorating the space and the round bar is great ! I would definitely recommend trying it !
1	I would love to be writing a great review of this place.  Unfortunately, this is not a good one and I cannot even review the food since we didn't even get that far..We were seated and waited for about 20 minutes with no service.  We then went up and approached the hostess and told her no one had come to our table yet.  She said she would send someone over right away.  There were plenty of servers yet no one had stopped at our table and it wasn't even a full house.  At that point after 30 minutes of no service we decided to leave. THE END.
3	Typically I give a place that falls in the middle of great and bad multiple chances.  For whatever reason it's easier for me to 1, 4 or 5 star a place after the first visit, rather than 3.  As far as yelp is concerned, 3 stars isn't a bad thing - "A-OK."!The scene is strange.  It's a mix of typical Arcadia, Scottsdale and the like.  This place is more of a sports bar than anything, in my eyes, with better food than your typical sports bar fare.  Seriously.  There's like 14 televisions in here.Service is quick-ish.  Food is fresh.  The servings are very large.  Some things waver on decent-to-bland, while other things are pretty swell.  The mac & cheese is a pass, in my opinion, and not worth the $5 (for the small cup you get - ah, contradictory to my large servings note!).  Some dishes have an overpowering taste, while other leave you wondering if you're eating food or chewing crunchy water (that sounds gross now that I've typed it out!).Beer and liquor list is pretty typical; nothing to note really.  A few changes here and there and I could see it as a really decent spot.  The same could be said for the food, really.I'll be back, yet again, The Garage just hasn't blown me away yet.  Also, on a funnier note: "Garage" reads easily as "Garbage" on the menu, which was kind of comical.
1	My husband and I had eaten here several times in the past and really enjoyed it. Unfortunately it seems that the influx of business they've received through their Groupon deals has taken a serious toll on the service and quality of food. Our last visit went from bad to worse pretty quickly. To start out, we decided to sit on the patio, and weren't greeted for about 10 minutes. We ordered the Claypot Chile wings as an appetizer, and waited for over 30 minutes for them to arrive! In the past, the Claypot Chile wings were one of our favorite items on the menu, but this time they were bland (almost tasted like they were coated in oil) and not nearly as crispy as we had grown to expect. The server mentioned they changed the sauce, probably to save money.For dinner I ordered the Caprese salad with a side of Mac & Cheese, and my husband ordered a Cheeseburger. As I started digging into my mac& cheese I noticed a funky texture in my mouth, and it turned out to be a large piece of paper!! It was so large that I can hardly believe this wasn't noticed before it left the kitchen. Besides being absolutely disgusted, what shocked me the most was that the server didn't even bat an eyelash, and a manager NEVER visited our table AT ALL to apologize for the issue. To top it off, in order to salvage the rest of our meal I asked for some balsamic glaze from my very skimpily dressed Caprese salad and my husband asked for some ketchup, and we never received either! I am very disappointed in what has happened to the Garage, and will not visit again!!
5	We went here last night as a result of a groupon and we'll definately be back. The deviled eggs were fantastic and the flat bread was excellent. Can't wait to return to try the entrees. Service was great and atmosphere is comfortable. Noise level was just right. And most importantly, the smoking section is out back. So the patio can actually be enjoyed without smelling smoke. Great idea. I wish more restaurants would implement this concept. I would eat on the patio more.
5	My wife and I went to the Garage last night, and to our surprise.These place was GREAT!the bacon wraped shrimp and the margarita pizza were so so good.My wife is a cab drinker and the wine and prices were good.
3	Cool atmosphere but HH deals are not deals.  Still fun and worth ckg out.
4	I've been to the Garage a few times generally for a long lunch, they are usually pretty quiet and I can catch up on some e-mails while getting a quality craft beer. They don't serve the domestic swill so if you drink boring light beer continue on down to your local sports bar. I over heard the owner mention he didn't know what a Gastropub was until someone told him he opened one, he did a good job I enjoy frequenting his place.The service is good, bartenders and servers make recommendations and I haven't been let down yet. The burger is quality and can't beat the price, I love the flatbreads and they always seem to have a good special at lunch. If you have a chance to have the chicken meatloaf sandwich give it a shot you wont be let down. People have mentioned and complained about service and I can say that this place can get busy especially during weekend dinner hours so if you're impatient, don't be, get a drink and enjoy yourself and the atmosphere and the weather, especially when the doors are open to the patio.My only real complaints are the rear parking, its tight and limited, people who park out front consistently back into the poles, the rear entrance forces you to enter through a small smoking section that can be dirty and smell of smoke and if you sit in the booths there is a faint smell of tire as there are 3 hanging on the wall... but maybe that's just me.
3	This place is starting to grow on me. I wasn't too impressed the first time I popped in here because despite my appreciation for the beers they had on tap, I really could not a get a feel on the vibe which is VERY important to me. That impression was probably premature because they had just opened.I've been back a few times and they've added stuff to the walls to give it more personality and I really enjoyed the service the last time I was here. I didn't eat but someone close by was eating something that smelled AWESOME!!! I really love the back patio with the fireplace....nice touch.This is another one of those places where you'd maybe want to start out the night rather than finish (it closes at midnight on weekends so finishing here would be an EARLY night for this seasoned drinker!) or maybe a good place for brunch.
5	I dig this place for sure.  The wild mushroom and goat cheese flatbread is (in the words of Fergie Ferg) tastay tastayyyy.  They have a decent selection of beers, my favorite is the Left Hand milk stout.  As far as food goes, they have a little of everything: Deviled eggs with truffle oil for a starter, caprese salad, house made soups, flatbreads, burger, chicken sandwich, grilled cheese, steak, etc.  I have heard complaints about the service, but I have never had a bad experience here.  Kim, the bartender is super sweet, and Casey and Dillon (servers) are rad and accommodating.  Thanks guys!
5	Can't sing enough praise for The Garage.Happy Hour with the half priced appetizers is the best. You can get 4 big-ass grilled lamb chops for $7, and they will honor your Groupon as well.Speaking of Groupon, they usually run "NOW" deals that you could redeem for lunch any weekday.Hands down my favorite restaurant in Phoenix.
1	stopped in for lunch to go. the waitress recommended the chicken sandwich. pretty much the worst chicken sandwich ever. won't be back. to bad as i love to support local businesses.
3	Overall this place gets 3 stars. The food we had and the service get 5 stars. However the food we Wanted was unavailable and so this is how i arrive at a rating of 3:A few minutes before 8pm last night when we got to the restaurant, the specials board out front had some kind of chicken thing that sounded delicious to Ben. Ben ordered the special and the server told us that they never change the specials board so she didn't think that was the nightly special but she'd check to see if they had any. She comes back and tells us that what was on the board was indeed NOT the special of the night, but rather a pulled pork sandwich. So Ben orders the Ahi tuna and she tells us that they are also out of the tuna. He orders the pork sandwich, I get the chicken sandwich and order mac and cheese instead of fries. Oh, we also got the deviled eggs to start. Deviled eggs were great, but i was also starving... Each half had a little piece of bacon sticking out of the middle and was drizzled with truffle oil (which I never can tell if that actually makes my food taste any different, honestly)Ben loved the pork sandwich. My chicken sandwich was pretty great but the Mac and Cheese... man, oh, man! SO GOOD! I ordered a vodka martini- well vodka is Finlandia and cost 8 bucks. I suppose that's "normal" for not being happy hour, but I usually only order drinks that are on special, so my average martini was definitely a splurge. Happy hour apparently ends at 6pm and starts again at 10pm.I'll go back during happy hour and try some more things.
1	Well we wont be back again. This place could be so cool but I don't really care for the menu and we have been unhappy with the food the last two times we have been and this last waitress sealed the deal for me. The waitress we had this time seem to be in la la  land. She forgot about comin back to take our dinner order after we ordered wings, she couldn't seem to finish her sentences, and really didn't seem to give a shit about us and she only had one other table. The chicken sandwich is not the same as the one I had the first time. This was a chicken breast with the fat still on it, totally untrimmed. Chicken fat in your mouth is the most disgusting thing ever. Also the bread was hard and it was not cause it was toasted to much it had dried out from sitting out un covered. Hard as a rock! They tried to tell me it was toasted but, lol, there was  no color at all, meaning not toasted, not dark, I hate being bull shitted, people make mistakes so just admit it don't bull shit me ass hole. I sent it back and did not get anything else. If these cooks here cant prep a chicken breast then who knows what else there doin back there, this is basics. My girlfriend got the grilled cheese and mac n cheese. Again bread not toasted, totally white and cheese not really melted. Um do these people know what a grilled cheese even is. Unreal. The bread was to thick for the amount of cheese. Imagine two pieces of texas thick sliced bread and one slice of cheese, lol this place is a joke. The mac and cheese is watery and no flavor. See ya Garage. If you cant make a grilled cheese, mac n cheese ,or a chicken sandwich that's even acceptable then forget it. I guess if you have a burger and wings here you may be happy that's it.
3	Great happy hour, even on Saturday. All the drinks are either a dollar or two off and the appetizers are all half price. Plenty of places to sit, provided you get there early or if you call and make a reservation. ( Make sure to do that if you have a large group) The chicken wings I ordered were ok but the sweet potatoe fries were AWESOME! All in all a great place to watch any sport event that may be happening with a group of friends.
5	Happy Hour until 7pm- this is fantastic, many places end HH at 6pm so this was a nice bonus.  1/2 price appetizers as well.  We had the deviled eggs, lamb chops and chicken wings.  It was a lot of food with a lot of great flavors!  The lamb chops were delicious, cooked perfectly and had the perfect amount of seasoning.  The crowd for a Tuesday was mellow, there was live music.  A great spot for a meal or just drinks.  The Garage may be one of my new favorite picks!
2	Went there with a couple of friends for dinner/beers on a Saturday night.  We were seated immediately, but it took 10 min for the waitress to visit our table.  After we ordered a round of beers, it was followed by another 10 min wait.  BTW, it wasn't very busy and there appeared to be plenty of wait staff.I ordered the house burger w/mac & cheese - it was good, but I've certainly had better at several places.  The consensus on the mac and cheese (which we tried because people raved about it) was it was average compared to other restaurants.One friend ordered bacon wrapped shrimp - she said it was good, but wasn't happy with the serving size (5 shrimp).Another friend ordered the tuna w/ a side of mac & cheese - he said the tuna was good, but they went overboard on the soy based sauce.We shared the deviled eggs as an appetizer - no complaints here, liked the bacon garnish.More on the wait staff - they seemed friendly, but possibly new.  Our waitress said she didn't see us and apologized for our initial wait (so it wasn't completely her fault...the hostess should have made sure she knew we were seated).  We overheard another waitress serving the tables nearby and she couldn't answer many of the questions that customers had (which is why I assumed she was new).Positives:  decent beer/wine selection, I liked the atmosphere (open air, bar & grill type of place)Negatives:  bad service, mediocre food, pricey dinner entrees, kind of a boring menuWill I go there again? - with as many restaurants as there are of this type, probably not.
3	My girlfriend and  I were sitting around this past Sunday afternoon, the weather was great and it was just a perfect day for a burger and a beer. So I go through my list of foodie options Delux...no, The Grind....no too dark....Relish not that nice of a day...The Garage! Now I had been to the garage when it first opened a while ago and had a great experience. I remember the food being delicious, the vibe being cool and the beers being cold. What more could you want?!So we make our way over there and it is relatively busy  but we don't have to wait for a table outside, so far so good. We get greeted by our server quickly for our drink order. Still not disappointing Garage lets keep this going.....Now this is where the wheels fall off the cart, relatively. Once we get our drinks it takes our waiter another 20 minutes to take our order. Then it takes another 30 minutes to get our two medium done burgers. The burger wasn't as good as I remember the patty was cooked well but the bun was super dry. I got half steak fries half onion rings as a side both were good. So overall it was the service that hurt the Garage, there are a lot of burger joint choices in town this one probably would stay in my bullpen and rarely make the starting rotation...
4	Went for a couple late-night drinks, sat on the patio and our heat lamp kept us nice and toasty on a chilly night. Didn't try the food but we were very happy with the beer. We were there for reverse happy hour - discounted draft beers until close. My lady was thrilled to find that they have Triple Karmeliet from Belgium on tap, one of her very favorite beers that is not easy to find in the states. At least in Michigan where we're from :)My friend and I ordered an IPA, I'm an IPA buff and really liked it. It was more on the bitter end, not very sweet. Wish I could remember the name, will edit this review if we go there again. Great service and overall a satisfactory experience for a couple of beers to finish off the night. The inside seemed very nice (fireplace, modern decor) and the bathrooms were very nice as well. If we're back in the area I'm sure we'll return for at least a drink.
4	I'm adding one star for the patio, because it's a pretty awesome patio, despite the temperature the day I visited.I had the chorizo and eggs breakfast.Pretty good, but not great or amazing.I gather this would be a more enjoyable place for an evening of beer drinking. I'll have to come back for that sometime.
4	I am a big fan of this place.  They have great outdoor seating and staff that is on top of it.  The food usually comes out super fast  - and if there there is any wait - they will tell you.  I usually sit at the outdoor seating during lunchtime and enjoy the sun.  The food can be a little pricey - but its huge portions that you can bring home for another meal.  I would def recommend this place.  The only downfall to sitting outside is that being right on Bethany Home Road - you do hear a lot of traffic.  I saw a few signs for Happy hour specials and while I have not been there yet for that - its something I would def go to!
4	Went here to cure the saturday night fun. I ordered a coke, wings, and chili. My only negative was the fact the coke came in a seperate bottle. So I wasn't sure if I had ordered another one, would I have been charge 1.50$ again? The food took a little long to come out but overall, the experience was worth it and  I will be back!
4	The Lamb Chops &Burgers are excellent. great for happy hour
4	Meat Lover's Flat Bread:Juicy taste to be fedLike a fix from a medSatisfies my redhead.Big-bite Waffle Fries:Side order I adviseGetting it would be wiseTop-notch fries? It complies. Seasoned Shrimp Flat Bread:Burnt edges make it deadLack of flavor that I dreadGet the Lamb Chops instead.Fat Burger is real nice:Seasoned well with lots of spiceI would eat it trice times triceDef...a culinary vice.Service is really slow:Inattention has to goStaff's distracted, you should knowNeeds to get a better flow.Lamb Chops are the best:Chimichurri? I'm impressed.Super flavor, I attest.Tender goodness, I'm obsessed.
4	Tonight was my 2nd trip to this restaurant.  I went several weeks ago for lunch.  They had advertised a lunch special on Facebook but when I got there was told it was for the previous day but they would try to make it for my anyway.  It was a pasta covered in some kind of green sauce which was yummy.  I had wanted to try their bread pudding but they were out of it so I got a piece of chocolate cake.  It was the largest piece of cake I ever saw.  Had to take it home to finish it and should probably waited to finish it the next day as it was just too much chocolate for me and I did not feel good the next day but I must say the cake was delicious.Tonight 2 friends took me there for my birthday.  We had appetizers of lamb chops, flat bread with barbequed chicken which were quite good except the lamp could have been cooked a bit longer.  I got the special of some kind of chicken fettucine.  My friends had chicken salad.  At the end of my meal I got the bread pudding and I must admit it was the BEST I have ever had.  It even beats the ones I make.
3	Hubs and I visited for a nightcap and ended up staying a while longer.  Bartender was super nice and the crowd was pleasant.  Drinks were reasonably priced.  Will definitley be back!
5	One restaurant for many occasions! I can go here for Saturday or Sunday brunch. Bring out of town guests to sit on the patio. Take a date on Saturday night. Watch a game with a buddy. Have lunch by myself without feeling like a dork. Drop by for Happy Hour. Etc. I'm a huge fan of the homemade corned beef hash for brunch. My only complaint about the burger is that it's too big! But that's life in America. I've never had service issues like some other reviews, and I've been there when it's been busy and slow. If you don't see a parking spot up front, swing around back or park next door at night. There are a couple bars within walking distance if you want a change of venue for a night cap.
1	Your kidding right? I guess this place is cool if your drunk, but they local soup kitchen has a better menu.
4	I went here for happy hour after yoga on a late Sunday afternoon with a girlfriend. The neighborhood in general has a very cozy feel to it, and this bar/restaurant is another one of those great places with a front and back door for you to feel free to enter. I shared the meat and cheese plate. It was very generous and tasty!
4	Great salad. Loved the flat bread. Good service. If you like European lagers try the Stiegl on draft from Austria. Really good. We will go back soon.
5	Loved the BLT on this late afternoon lunch...  perfect with a iced cold Tea on 100 degrees outside !  Freshly toasted bread and the beefy thick sliced tomatoes on this baby were perfect fit with the apple bacon !!!!!   Love the Big Bar as a center piece , and the Atmosphere was just perfect for lunch..   late lunch that is. GREAT SERVICE  and CLEAN CLEAN CLEAN !
1	Horrible service. If you are not a regular, expect to feel like a second class citizen.
3	This place was so cool on the inside! In fact, it was pretty cool on the outside too. Way too warm to even survive outside, but the back patio had a fire pit and space heaters from when it does cool down. The front patio has spacious seating and light strings drapped about. It'd be a cute Sunday evening/afternoon date place.The inside is very rustic, dim  lighting, big posh booth with what looked like a full bar too. We sat in a cozy 2 man booth and order the caprese salad and shrimp flatbread. I loved the flarbread. The shrimp wasn't in big chunks which was nice but the feta was and so was the tomato. Bit of a switch up but I liked it. It worked. My friend really loved her salad. The tomato was cut super thick and so was the motzerella. She enjoyed the vingearette dressing too.Prices were a tad igh for me. I wouldn't have minded paying $13 (including tax) for the flatbread had it been a little thicker or more filling. But I paid it. The service was so FAST! Our food came out in a real jiffy and the water boy was constantly refilling us. The staff seemed pretty knoweldgable about what they were serving too.I'd go back... if I wasn't paying.
3	First impression...confusing.  We parked and walked through the patio where a sign read "See hostess to be seated".  When we got inside, there wasn't a clear setup for the hostess, there were just these 2 girls ( 1 standing, 1 sitting) by the doorway, but it's not like they were wearing anything that would really clue us in to them working there.  Then they asked if it was just us, then we knew we had found the hostess.  We ended up sitting on the patio.  We liked the patio, it was nice.  Our table was wobbely, but my husband put his flip flop under it...That worked.  Food was good.  I had the BLT with waffle fries, my husband had a burger with steak fries.  The menu however, seemed to not have enough options for us.  By looking at it, we knew this was probably going to be the last time we come here.  It was just kind of, like I said before, confusing.  It's called "Garage", the menu items seem to be aimed more towards an Uptown kind of crowd and when my husband ordered a coke, the server brought him a glass of ice with a can of coke on the side.  It was just weird.
5	This is a great local find. My coworkers and I eat there virtually every week. The food is great! If you are looking for a delicious burger, flat bread, or even salad, the Garage delivers. To top it off, the service is excellent. People may complain about the little things, but I think it is refreshing to find a great local place that isn't owned by a chain and has a little heart and soul. I have been happy with The Garage every time I have gone and it continues to be one of my favorite places to have a good casual meal. I highly recommend it!
2	Alright spot, service was okay, and food was mediocre.  Probably will opt for Zipps next time across the street.
4	My buddy and I, after much indecisiveness, ended up here Friday night. The hostess was super accommodating when we said we both wanted to be able to watch my Giants smack the baseball caps off the Cardinals, the TV nearest to me had the Syracuse game on, so our waitress changed the channel for me (This is GREAT customer service folks, you'd be surprised at how inoften (yeah, I make up words sometimes) this happens). She then proceeded to take our drink orders (which came back delicious and wickedly strong...now THAT'S how you kick off a Friday night!!). I finally decided on the wedge salad and a side of mac & cheese and my homie got the spinach salad and a side of onion rings. (salads r yummy, but u need some substance in the belly when u are getting ready to go dive-bar hopping!) Anywho, the wedge was good, could've used a bit thicker dressing, but the accoutrements were tasty. The star was easily the mac & cheese, ooey gooey perfectly cooked pasta and infrickingcredible sauciness...the onion rings were perfectly cooked, crisp yummy batter and well cooked onions inside so that when you bite into it, you just get your bite, not the entire onion innards trying to escape the batter. Our waitress was amazing and had a great sense of humor, I'll definitely be going back to check out a few other items on the menu and watch a game on one of their gazillion TV sets.
4	went on monday with the sis in law we split wings yumm develeggs good we each had a house salad and the bbq chicken flat bread a few brews and a bloody mary and took some left overs home service was good nice cool spot
3	Will Return, tried the Flatbread AND sweet potato fries and they were good. Ambiance and actual design of the place, Just mediocre. The price was good, food was good and I believe they have a full bar.
4	The lamb on the appetizer menu is 5 stars!  And if you look through the reviews here, I think the higher reviews are from people who got the lamb.  They're so nicely done (not well done! get them medium rare!), and the chimichurri sauce is excellent.I've had the garage burger at lunch with a side of their house salad (pesto dressing - yum!) and it's very filling.  Tasty too.
4	I've been here a few times and the best thing about the garage is the atmosphere. The food is also pretty tasty, the happy hour is reasonable. The service is sub par though. I feel like the garage is a solid bar that wants to be a restaurant, but the service is holding them back.
4	The vibe of Garage is awesome...high ceilings, exposed brick, dark furniture, and an awesome fireplace. I went there last weekend for a little Sunday Funday mimosa action and wasn't disappointed. The crowd was minimal and our server was attentive. I went New Year's Eve with some friends for a few before our next destination and Casey was awesome! Made the best dirty martini and was super friendly. Garage, I'm determined to give you 5 starts but alas, I can only give you 4 based on the fact that I haven't tried your food yet! Don't you worry, though, I'll be back soon enough.
3	I was invited by a co-worker to the Garage Wine and Tap for a wine tasting party.  As I have never been to a wine tasting party I was not sure what to expect.  Lucky I am now an expert.  Please use the following as a guide for your next wine tasting event.1. Stand at the door like a dope and try to make eye contact with someone who works at the event.  If no one comes over to greet you, start waiving your hands to capture someones attention.  2. Do not attempt to order any food unless you are sitting in a designated food area.  I did not know, but some areas of the Restaurant are non order areas.  We were instructed that finger food would be provided but if you would like a small plate you need to ask for one.  3. If you wish to have any water you need to ask.I would like to try this place on a regular night as the food looked beautiful and the staff, although a bit flustered, were very nice.
5	Nice spot for happy hour our server David was top notch I recommend this spot.
4	I've only been for brunch + to catch some football on the weekend, but the $5 champagne cocktails + bloody mary's are delicious!
3	Here's the deal- I was looking for  happy hour at 5 o'clock on a Saturday, and that's the magic hour when most are ending. So we decided to go down to Garage because their happy hour goes until 7 on Saturdays (every day, I think.) The deals on drinks were unimpressive. The selection of beer on tap was an equal letdown (only 6 beers to choose from.) That was a bummer, for a place with "Wine and Tap" in the name. I am tap-happy though so maybe I'm just hard to please. We shared an order of fries ($5) before ordering. The fries were crispy and fresh tasting, but definitely not so special in the way of flavor. We ordered a flat bread to share for dinner, which was tasty- but it wasn't really a legit dinner for two people. So we decided it'd be cheaper just to go across the street to Zipps and finish up our night there, with cheaper drinks to boot... We'll probably go back because their patio is cool (as small as it is), and maybe next time we'll head across the other side of the street over to the Vig after. I don't see myself ever spending an entire night, or even just a dinner, at the Garage... but it might be a good starter bar.
4	My amigo and I stopped in here for a cocktail and an appetizer prior to traveling a little further up the road to Rokerij for a dinner with friends. Rokerij bar we knew would be too packed for what we were trying to accomplish, and we both were curious to check this place out. The vibe was great. The bartender was very friendly and just the right amount of chatty. Being a borderline hipster, I enjoyed a lot of the funky things this place had to offer. Sadly I've not gone back for round 2 & I'm trying to decide if it's because this place lacked something "extra" or "special" or if it's just not convenient for me geograhically. Nonetheless, it's a great place and next time I'm in the neighborhood I need to stop in.
3	The garage came out exactly how I wanted and tasted very good, the sweet potatoe fries sauce was excellent also for whatever was in it, tasted a little lemony lol.
2	New happy hour is terrible. :(    They in one fowl swoop decreased substantial the quality and the portion size of the food offered for happy hour. They did this while somehow charging more.
4	The Garage is a great relaxed, yet hip, neighborhood spot to hang out and have a drink. The decor is unique and interesting and I love the fireplace. I really like that it's chill enough to have a conversation with your friends without having to yell. I'd definitely come back to try the food.
5	It was a Friday night and my wife and I were very hungry. It was around 10 o'clock and we were in the area. Our first thought was, "Hey, let's go to The Vig!" We go there and see the looooooooooong line of people waiting to get in. Yeah, yeah, I know. Friday night, popular place. I should have expected that. Instead of waiting for an hour to get some food and leaving the area, we Yelped for what was nearby and saw that in walking distance ther was "Garage". Holy crap. How have I never been here before?! I loved it! It's occuring to me now that I've always passed this place, but I just never really noticed it. It was pretty busy when we went, but this place should have the line out the door just like The Vig! It looks like, well, a garage. The atmosphere is pretty neat. Very trendy. I had their burger and fries and it was just great. I mean burgers and fries are burgers and fries just abou anywhere, but I liked it here. I wasn't disappointed. Our server was nice and attentive. I've definitely got to stop by again. I like this little corridor with its local restaurants. It's a shame they're building that Z Tejas right across the street. It hurts this little intersection's charm!
5	My watering hole. Upscale sports bar or as they call it "The Garage." I dig this spot, I think you will too. Super clean, very nice staff, laid back, really just a solid place for drinks, grub and to catch a game or live music on Saturday nights....Cheers!
2	I am going to update my review on the Garage.  This is a local place that we stop in to from time to time on our local bike rides.  I have to say, after going there yesterday I am pretty much done with the place.  The food is okay, not great, but okay.  We ordered the chicken wings and when we got the bill there was a $3 charge for celery.  Okay, I get it you have to make money, but that could at least be brought up in advance (which the waiter falsely claimed he did bring up).  I don't know any other restaurant that charges $3 for celery when you order the chicken wings.  Geex, if we would have got got carrots I guess it would be $6 just for carrots and celery.  Anyway, that was just one of the issues.  The other issue was the lack of energy and enthusiasm from the servers.  I know its not an easy job, but there was a general "doom and gloom" vibe which doesn't work for me when I am out trying to have fun.   For me, I won't be going back, and my guests were not overly impressed any more than I was.  For me, I would say hit the Vig across the street, The Whining Pig, or try the Swizzle.  I have reviews on those.  Much better in my opinion.  I would shut the garage door respectfully.
4	Saturday night, 8pm, the place wasn't overly crowded (thereby unbearable) so we got in quickly, got seated quickly, got drinks quickly, and were left blessedly alone - the waitstaff didn't hover or check in every 10 minutes.The background music was cool but not hip, the live musicians were also cool but not hip, very unpretentious and comfortable.  Drink prices are medium but the tap beer AND the bottles are nice and cold.Try it.
4	Parking is tricky. Service excellent. Food okay. Beer cold!
5	Ladies happy hour on Thursday. We arrived at the Garage around 5:30 and it was mostly empty. Bonus for us, because the 7 of us could get a table quickly.  As the evening went on, the place filled up.Tony was our server and he was polite and attentive. Always had a smile.Atmosphere was fun and inviting. The layout is set up to where you don't feel like you're on top of each other. Bathrooms were very clean. Patrons ranged in age from late 20's to early 40's. As for food, my friend and I shared the deviled eggs, Parmesan fries from the happy hour menu and chicken BBQ flat bread from the regular menu. Our food came out quick and tasted great. And based on the clean plates from the others and not one complaint, they enjoyed their food too.  There was a good variety of beverages on the Happy Hour menu, which kept us happy and our tab low.Overall, the seven of us enjoyed our Happy Hour experience at Garage Wine and Tap. And we'll definitely be back in the near future.
4	A couple things:Our bartender was prompt, knowledgeable, and attentive. hooray.We had HH beers, which were nice and cold.The atmosphere is new and clean, kind of a standard new-style pub/barAnd now to the music.  I must be the only one who is totally turned off by a silent restaurant/bar because SO MANY in the valley have overlooked this aspect of ambiance.  Please turn the music up.  I don't want to hear what the chefs are talking about.  Other than that, not bad.  Rating is on beer and service only since we didnt eat
4	The Garage has a beer and wine selection that is above average though not remarkable by any stretch of the imagination.  The burgers are weak, but I would recommend trying one of their salads, which are some of the best I have had in the valley.Good job with the interior.  During the winter months, the bar area opens onto a small patio.
4	Love the atmosphere of this place, hip and modern but comfortable too. Service has always been good.My only complaint was that after a recent menu change (a couple months ago, which was my last visit), a lot of what we ordered wasn't great. The chicken tender-type dish was way over cooked and my sandwich, while ok, was not what was described on the menu.Wasn't thrilled with the last visit, but since I've been plenty of times before and been happy, I will be returning.
4	Real nice neighborhood restaurant. Always happy with what I order. Love the nachos!! Cool live bands and friendly wait staff.
5	Came here for happy hour with a bunch of my co-workers and let me just day, totally love this place!! Had the most uh-maze-inng roasted mushroom flatbread with goat cheese plus drizzled in truffle oil, delish!! For such a large group, our server was outstanding and on the ball. I live pretty close to this place and plan to come back again. Thanks Garage!
4	I maintain my 4 star review, but wanted to say that their reverse happy hour has won over 2 more fans. Get the lamb k-bobs...you won't be disappointed. Unless you don't like lamb. Or k-bobs. Or you do like lambs, but not in the edible sort of way. I won't judge.
1	The location of this place is great, and I like how convenient it is for me. I can't seem to get attentive service here. My last visit was no exception to I attentive service; I came on a Sunday afternoon when it was quiet, and sat at the sidewalk-facing bar for over 15 minutes before anyone came to greet me. There were hostesses and servers talking to the hostesses while standing less than five feet from me. As I started approaching the exit, situated right next to the hostess stand, then someone greeted me and asked if I was leaving. I'm glad they noticed! I wish they noticed sooner because I really wanted a glass of wine, and their wine list was accessibly interesting. If you don't mind inconsistent, and occasionally absent, service, stop on by!
5	Amazing service, gourmet food, live music, cheap drinks, what more could you ask for? 6 star worthy. Eat local, support your city!
1	Food is awful. Wayyyy to loud there. Wait staff is horrible. It's to bad that its a block away and it sucks, because it has the potential to be amazing, but it's like they just don't really care. My aunt went on a separate occasion and she said that boss blamed my aunt and her part for the service they got that night. Ok, what? Went back again and I change my draft to one star because they're back doors don't work when there's like two spaces only in the front for parking. They made their prices skyrocket for the same disgusting food. (Honestly it's even worse now). It's just a block from home so I just keep wanting to give it the benefit of the doubt. But no more.
5	We tried the chilli and it's fantastic. Great flavor with a good smokeyness. Also the Thai chilli wing are awesome. They have a nice sweet flavor with a light kick of spice. The wings are meaty and not fried. Too bad it was take out. This place looks like a cool place to hang out and enjoy dinner or a few drinks.
3	I came here for dinner with a friend the other night, it was our first time here so of course we're excited. =)So we started with the garage fries. Let me just say these are probably some of the best fries that I've ever had. They came with this chipotle dipping sauce which was amazing. I almost felt like I enjoyed these fries more than my meal. For my entree I got the garage burger. I didn't feel like it was anything special. I've definitely had better burgers. I got sweet potato fries but the garage fries are wayyyyy better. They have a cute little outdoor patio that you can sit at and enjoy the amazing weather right now. As far as customer service, it was extremely slow and disappointing. We had no silverware when we sat down, when we asked for some, for some strange reason the waitress only brought one set for my friend. Not sure if we were supposed to share it or what. Everything was pretty pricey as well. I probably won't come back during dinner but will definitely be coming back for happy hour to enjoy their fries and wine.  =)
1	The service was appalling. They left us on the back patio and forgot about us.  When something was said, they didn't seem to care.  We left and went to Phoenix City Grill.
5	This was our first time here and we had a great experience! The food and service were both wonderful and the waitress was sweet to our two young children. The portions were huge and we were really impressed with the size of the children's meal we ordered. So much food for $5! We had the all American burger, spinach salad, and grilled cheese. All great! We'll be back for sure!
5	Great service at the bar and food came out fast and tasty! Definitely a nice neighborhood stop, plus Triple Karmelit on tap... Awesome!
3	I was in town visiting for Thanksgiving and my friend suggested meeting up at this spot for lunch. The place wasn't super crowded which I was happy with because that meant we would get our food that much quicker. The place has a cool gastro pub vibe and the outdoor seating seemed popular. I started with a glass of Riesling and my friend raved about the deviled eggs we ordered those for an appetizer. The eggs were def. yummy, the truffle oil and the bacon on top made them extra special! For my meal I ordered the herb marinated chicken sandwich with sweet potatoes fries. The Sammy was tasty, the chicken was actually juicy and the arugula, picked onions and tomato jam were a perfect match. The fries were ok, to me they weren't crispy enough... I'm a little picky when it comes to my sweet potato fries    Overall a solid meal with solid service, I would visit again when I'm in the Phoenix area.
3	Miss the old happy hour menu but this place is still good, now a little pricey but always good.
3	The Garage does not have great food....but it is a great place to go for a late night cocktail. When I'm not in the mood to be in a bustling bar, but just want to go somewhere for a nice conversation, this is usually my stop.
3	Great place for a ladies lunch and glass of wine on an outdoor patio in the middle of December in Phoenix.  Environment great.  Food great.  Gal pals had the burgers and they were presented beautifully.  I had the Asian salad and found it to be so flavorful that I kept eating even after the sweet and sour chicken was gone.  Wine was a plentiful pour for loosening tongues.  It's also on a wonderful social corner with other restaurants and bars for bar hopping.  Now the downside...servers really young and sweet but not 100% accurate.  Waitress did not write down our orders which had a lot of details.  One of the ladies ordered a very rare burger but it came out medium.  No salt or pepper on table.  No ketchup, mayo or mustard offered.  Had to find the waitress.  Management needs to mystery shop their customer service and train some more.  I will return.
3	We went for cocktails before dinner. Nothing terribly exciting on the menu. Wine selection was decent, they did carry Layer Cake Primativo, $10 for a glass. We tried the lamb kebobs good but a little overcooked. Not a bad place just a very corporate feel. Think buffalo wild wings with a better selection.
5	I love this place. It's a must whenever I'm in town. And try to go on a Monday, the bartender is awesome. Just remember to KCCO. OH! And try the chili dog!
5	I stumbled on to this place by accident and was very pleased that fate brought me here. Great atmosphere, friendly staff, and totally had the feel of a neighborhood bar. Upon recommendation I tried the deviled eggs which is definitely something I have never seen at a bar before and they were great. But the real treat was the macaroni and cheese mixed with chili - WOW!!! This was total comfort food at its finest. I wish the tap beer was a little more extensive (especially considering the word "tap" is in their name) and they had some more lounge-style seating but overall I was very happy with the find.
5	The garage is in one of the most upcoming trendy neighborhoods of Phoenix! Great vibe, great staff, and most important great food! We all ordered different plates for brunch on new years day! I had the chorizo and eggs, boyfriend had the kaluhua French toast, and aunt ordered the hangover burger which comes with the infamous fried egg on top!  Everyone was super pleased with the freshness and flavor on the plates! I had a tasty bloody mary that had the right amount of vodka to make me leave with a smile! I had a piece of the French toast which is made with challah bread..and let's just say it was super delicious..sweet but not over the top... we will be back!
4	I had the smokey BBQ wings. They were good but a little crispy. I think that is the way they are suppose to be but I just wasn't expecting that. They were good but just not what I thought. Then I had the garage burger. It was amazingly good. Love it.
4	Well Dicks Hideaway was reserved for a party so walked around the corner to the Garage and it was awesome nice little spot.
5	Stopped in for a beer and it was delightful. Service was fast at the bar and it was reasonably priced.
5	Tried the Garage for the first time on 1/15/14. This place is awesome! Their beer selection is killer. I told our bartender what I liked and that I prefer local selections, and he brought me a really good IPA. I consider myself a mac n cheese aficionado, and until now, I thought Cold Beer n Cheeseburgers in Old Town had the best around. Well, this place has it beat, and It is hands-down the best I have had. My date had the chili mac which looked awesome too, but being a vegetarian I stuck with the plain. Good environment and friendly staff make this place tops.
3	The food is slightly above average. The perceived value is poor. $10.00 for 3 mini tacos and undercooked steak fries. I won't be back.
2	Nothing special here...we saw a review on "Check Please," so wanted to give it a try. We visit on a Sunday night, which was dead. The BBQ flatbread featured nice quality chicken breast, too sweet BBQ sauce, on soggy flat bread. In fact, you had to eat it with a knife and fork. We also ordered the crispy chicken stripes with brew fries (which are excellent). The chicken stripes were quality chicken, but, so dry, they needed a dipping sauce. The offer a large selection of beers on draught, but, overpriced. The wines,also, are overpriced. No wonder this restaurant was dead and "The Vig" across the street is packed. The food needs some help, otherwise, this is just another bar food place, not worth the price....
5	Favorite Saturday night hangout! Great food and happy hour drinks. Such a fun environment. They have local bands play on Saturdays. They have reverse happy hour! It's seriously a places to try out!
3	Well, we went here for a friend's birthday because The Yard was overcrowded and we wanted to chill. The location is awesome, the decor is cool, & there was live music so that was a plus. I had a caprese salad which was fine. Several people got nachos which looked really good. My hubby got the grilled cheese which he said wasn't great. My real issue was the service. We were a large party & we spread out over a few tables so we had multiple servers. The service was almost nonexistent for all tables. A few times, our server was hanging at the kitchen window right next to our table with no regard for our low/empty glasses, new guests, or desire to order food. In one instance, I had to approach the service well to get another round & request the check. I'm a former bartender so I'm easy to please, but expect a little attention. Get the staff in shape and they'd have a great Saturday night spot!
4	First time there was nice. The place is very cool looking. The service was very friendly. We ordered Salad and Fries which took a little longer than I imagine at other places, but the Thai salad was worth the wait. Nice local place to hang out. I'm not going to trip about the wait for for food. The server kept my glass full so that makes up for what is likely a fluke in the kitchen or something. I would recommend and will def be coming back again!
1	boring menu, bland tasting food, ingredients straight from the frozen food truck.  Terrible service . good concept but every thing else fell short
3	This place has decent food and tasty drinks but the pricing seems marginally high.  The atmosphere feels slightly contrived but overall a good experience each time we have been there.  The servers and bartenders are nice as well.
3	The Garage was once my favorite little spot but they're starting to seem pretty basic compared to all the other creative options out there. Nonetheless, they have good food and friendly staff. I've never had to wait for a table either which is great when you're starving or on a schedule but makes me wonder why more people don't come to this place? I wish they still had lamb as a starter. That would win my heart back right away.
3	This place is the epitome of mediocrity. The food is the same quality as Applebee's. In fact, the wings and burgers at Applebee's are better. I like my ground meat well done *if you know what I mean* and they couldn't even get that right. The only saving grace is the atmosphere and the nice staff. The staff is pretty quick, even on Friday at 730pm.  The happy hour is not great if you're a beer drinker ( only $1 off ). And for some reason the whole place smells like wet pennies.
4	Showing some signs of age, but still a great spot for lunch or happy hour- with delicious food of above-average quality and presentation, and well-poured drinks.So, sometimes the menus are sticky from not being wiped down thoroughly, but the cute and kind female servers make me quickly forget about that minute detail. If you order a salad, ask for the house vinaigrette dressing. If you go for lunch and order the Chicken & Chips, have someone to share that plate with because it's enough for two people.
3	We went here after seeing them featured on Check Please. Because I don't eat meat I always view a restaurants website before venturing out to see if there is anything on the menu for me. I dropped the ball and didn't do that this time.Cheese quesadilla-boring. Cheese, a tomato and green onion here and there does not make a good quesadilla. The spicy dipping sauce was the best part.Grilled cheese sandwich-boring. I was hoping for an adult spin on a classic sandwich, didn't  happen.Chili cheese dog-I think it was okay. My husband wasn't too disappointed.With all the fabulous restaurants in and around Central Phoenix, there is simply no reason for us to return here.
5	Love their chili mac and french fries. What a great place to hang out on a Saturday night with friends!
2	No too bad of a place, bit a bit pricy for what you get. Atmosphere is fairly decent, but parking is terrible for that entire plaza. I probably would not go back unless I was meeting friends there that I really wanted to see. Decent selection of craft beers.
3	In the mood for Lucy's after church but not in the mood for crowds and loud people. Stumbled on this place and wondered if it was even open as it is super dark and hardly  even has a sign. I ordered a eggs Benedict for 9 and a lemonade for 2. Eggs Benedict came with hash browns and were average, but should have included some kind of bread. I guess I like to soak up the runny yolk with like a sourdough bread.Lemonade was really disappointing.Fun place to go for a cocktail, but I wouldn't come back for the food.
3	Decided to visit this place after reading good reviews. Went in on a Saturday around 1:30. They were only 6 tables seated. Good was ok, the wife's steak and eggs came out not cooked to order. Sent it back and they made the correction. Then the steak was cold. Service was good, a little slow at first but she stepped up. Beers were served in a 12 oz glass $6.00 -
5	I've eaten here a few times, and the food has always been good, but I am usually forgotten about by wait staff for a while. Particularly my coffee cup.  Today however, I received stand out service from Kristin. Everything was right on time. Now I can give this place the review I've always wanted to.
2	I have had breakfast here once a week for 2 months and the light pancakes were a treat, but the last 2 weekend's have been disappointing. If you are going to advertise lemon ricotta pancakes than serve them.I have owned my own cafe and cutting corners and not being truthful is a business killer and will look for a different breakfast brunch destination
5	Food  was good. Drinks were good. Football on the TVs  and the music was a fairly mellow, light alternative. Love a place where you can talk to people as opposed to having to yell. Live music is just starting to warm up. Very possibly my new favorite Saturday night spot (not that I go out on Saturdays often).
4	Pretty good place for dinner. Not among my favorites, but I'd never say "no" to coming here if someone wanted to try it. Nice atmosphere. Friendly service. Tasty food. I'd expect this place to be busier. Z'tajas across the street is always packed, but Garage is WAY better.
5	I wish there were 6 stars for this place. I have been here a few times and think the burgers and fries are world class, but I had to bring my parents who have eaten burgers around the world to make sure I wasn't blowing smoke.Usually a health food freak, it takes a special burger to bring me to the dark side.The garage burger has all the things to make you go "hmm" in a good way - angus beef (not too fatty), cheese of choice, smoked apple bacon, caramelized onions and a couple of ancillary vegetables (lettuce, tomato). I could sit and eat a whole container of the horseradish pickles without batting an eyelash.Running a very close second is their American burger.Usually, if I am obsessing over the burger, the fries will not get my attention, but both their waffle fries and brew fries have crack appeal. The chipotle mayo the brew fries are served with is the icing on the cake.Happy hour has some interesting choices, shrimp kabobs and devilled eggs, but I would recommend paying the extra for the burgers!Even if it means you have to run and extra mile the next day :)))
5	Went on a Saturday night with 4 other guests.  Started with the Garage Board which has a delicious array of meats, cheeses and crostini.  I had the shrimp pasta special which was perfect.  All other guests were very happy with their meals.  Service was attentive and helpful.  Will be back.
4	First of all, I've got to give some love to local bars that try to be hip, especially in my old stomping grounds uptown. I compare this place to The Whining Pig across the street because they're both wine/beer bars, but there are some differences:1. Ambiance is the garage is more upscale. Feels more grown up. And it's about 5 times larger, which means it never feels packed. Actually kinda empty.2. The Garage has an awesome patio for nice nights.3. Prices at The Garage are higher. They run happy hour specials every day, so everything is still reasonable, just not bargain.4. The Garage serves food (but we didn't try any).5. The Garage beer selection is not even close to Whining Pig's.Overall, I like it. Just wish it was a little cheaper and a little busier.Also, note to management: maybe you could use some more 'garage-y' decorations. Might liven it up a little, give it a little more personality.
4	Finally got to try this place and was not disappointed! I had the pork chop and it was mighty tasty! It sat on a bed of rice/risotto flavored with fennel sausage that I  could eat every day, I  really enjoyed it that much! My wife had the garage burger and enjoyed it as well.  Not the quietest place, but an excellent atmosphere. Nice beer choices too! Front was open and fireplace was inviting.  For a neighborhood spot with decent prices, I recommend you give it a try.
3	Bloody Mary's are to die for (weekend brunch).  Decent draft options. Never been here for happy hour.  Food prices are sort of expensive for the food offered. No doubt though this place has a ton of potential. We'll keep coming back.
