4	Venti is Large. Grande is Medium. Tall is Small? Confused? You don't need a conversion chart to order a beverage at Unlimited Coffee. I am greeted upon entering with a friendly hello. After issuing my personal litmus test for any new coffee place I try out: the Americano, I am asked for my punch card. "Punch... card?" I ask quizzically. I explain that this is my first visit to their fine establishment. Buy 10 and get 1 free.  At first I was hesitant to try a coffee place not adorned by a topless half-fish/half-woman person but now, I see that they have something that that other place doesn't offer. Customer loyalty apparently has a reward in this universe! I order the largest Americano they serve (a "large" they call it) and eventually it cools to less than 200 degrees, allowing me to finally enjoy it without risk of 3rd degree face burns. The coffee is flavorful and rich and I finish it quickly. Other items on the menu include your standard lattes and mochas, but another item not on that other place's menu: gelato. I decide to reserve that treat for a future visit. The atmosphere is not unlike that of your friendly neighborhood Pizza Hut. I don't mean this negatively. I mean... who doesn't love place mats you can color?? Yet, there seems to be the lingering vibe that this building used to be a part of said pizza conglomerate. There is a large, rectangular table in the middle of the shop surrounded by tables and the occasional love seat. The only thing I find fault with is their choice of chairs around some of the tables. They are plastic and not unlike something you'd find in Cousin Eddie's backyard. If you can secure an upholstered seat, then this becomes a non-issue. For those of you with portable computer machines (a "laptop" is what they call it) you can surf the 'net with ease. Power supplies dangle from the ceiling precariously (a la Tom Cruise in the first "Mission: Impossible" film) allowing you to pretty much jack in to the matrix from any seat without fear of your "laptop" dying.With a very friendly staff, wifi and outdoor furniture on the inside, Unlimited Coffee is definitely a welcome change from that other coffee monster. Oh, and I can't forget to try the gelato next time.
3	I like this place ... not the greatest coffee house in the world, but it has a casual, cozy atmosphere that I like.  Plus it's not far from my house and it isn't starbucks.
4	The owners of Unlimited Coffee are intent on providing high quality coffee and homemade gelato, while having a bit of fun at the same time.  However, it seems they ran out of money for the furniture and decor.  I suppose I could take off one star for the plastic white patio chairs but I've never cared much for decor as long as the food and service is good.Using premium beans from local roastery Aeropagus and a top-of-the-line $10k+ espresso machine, Unlimited Coffee makes wonderfully intense yet smooth coffee without the bitterness and acidity of that chain which we shall not name.  They also offer an awesome variety of not-your-everyday loose leaf teas, such as "To Die For Chai" and "My Blue Heaven."Unlimited also makes their own gelato from scratch under the name Monster's Gelato.  Their gleaming machines from Italy are clearly visible behind the huge gelato case.  They offer a large selection of creative flavors, including Sedona Red Rock Chocolate and Exotic Wedding Cake.Service is very friendly.  It feels like the coffee house version of Cheers.  Skip the coffee chains and support this independent coffee house!
4	Take a Seattle style coffee house, the cellar coffee bar from some private university somewhere, an NYC Gelato "stand" and an old Shakey's Pizza parlor.... put them in a blender and pulse.  Add too much space, FREE WIFI and the highest quality coffee available and this is what you get.
4	I went for the gelato, and I was impressed with the imaginative flavors (red velvet cake...). I had pistachio, and my friend L.C. had cookies and cream. We also sampled butterscotch chip and a few sorbets. Everything was delicious.We didn't have any coffee, but I will definitely try it next time I'm in the neighborhood. The barista / gelato schlepper (his description) seemed to be on his game and the coffee aroma was tempting.The other reviews mentioned the chain pizza / rumpus room / rehab center picnic area decor. Yes, it's all true. With the power supplies (for laptops) above table level, the place also looks like the ship in The Matrix.BTW, the gelato end of the business is called Monster Gelato. Monster must be the name of a cat, as one scoop is called a "kitty" (or maybe "kitten") and the larger portions are identified as cat sizes. The place is eccentric -- but definitely independent!
5	I've actually never had coffee here, a highly unfortunate sleep-related tragedy upon which I shall no longer dwell.  I really like the gelato these people have, hence the review.  They have four or five flavors of chocolate gelato, which, for people like me who like chocolate, is about just right.  Very rich and full of flavor - and this goes for all of their gelato, not just the chocolate ones.  They seem to have one tray reserved for the experimental/rotating gelato flavors - one occasion this summer I sampled lavender, another watermelon.  The decor (as described by others) doesn't really bother me, although I would consider the artwork more polarizing.  Hopefully it rotates pretty consistently.  They have a few patio chairs and tables on the west side of the building, for smokers and the outdoorsy.  They could use some more parking spaces, too bad it's not possible.  Staff are quite nice, although I feel bad about sampling multiple gelato flavors when there's only one person active behind the counter.  In summation, Unlimited has really good gelato and is totally a place to check out, if your standards for decor/furnishings aren't too high.
4	Coffee, tea, soda, gelato, unlimited internet, and extended hours.  All that's missing are the sandwiches for the mid-day protein fix.  Nearly a cyber-nirvana.
5	It doesn't get any better than Unlimited Coffee/Monsters Gelato. The staff are friendly and well trained and have a high level of customer service. Not being a coffee drinker, I can't comment on the coffee though it smells absolutely wonderful. They have a wide variety of top notch teas and an unrivaled selection of mouth watering gelato flavors. With regard to "Jason W's" comment, yes, "Monster's Gelato" was in fact named in memory after the owners beloved cat, "Monster", hence the portion size names! If you're ever in the area it's definitely worth the stop! I can't recommend it highly enough. 5 out of 5 stars all the way!
4	Unlimited Coffee stays open late, until midnight on weeknights, which is how my friend and I found ourselves there. Located in what appears to be a Pizza Hut building from the 70s (recycling at its best!), Unlimited Coffee has a pretty decent size parking lot (which is important if you happen to want to hang out with friends and their cars in the parking lot after loading up on coffee).First thing I noticed was the gelato; at least twelve flavors are presented, possibly sixteen, and the staff is quick to offer samples. I selected the chocolate chip. My companion chose chocolate hazelnut, which was a big standout. Both very good, really thick and creamy, so creamy it was almost like an ice cream. The "kitty size", a.k.a. small, was plenty for a snack.Unlimited coffee offers normal boring tables and chairs, free wi-fi, and huge puffy, comfy couches, which are what we gravitated toward (even if they need to be cleaned a bit).Oh, and the coffee was good too. ;)
5	My home internet was recently down so in order to get online I packed up my laptop and headed to this coffee shop just down the street from my house. Not being a coffee drinker I can only say that the hot chocolate was very good. As others have mentioned, the work space is great. Fast internet connection, large table in the center with power strips and individual tables with great power hookups all around the room. I think I even recognized some fellow Yelpers.
4	Decent coffee drinks and good baked goods.  Gotta love a coffee shop that's open till midnight.  There's some mediocre gelato available if you feel the need for something icy and sweet.  On another upside, there's free wifi available with connectivity fast enough to stream media.
4	I am a regular at UC. Coffee is okay, their cafe caramel beats the national chains hands down. The Gelato is okay, too many flavors for my taste. Why not focus on a few flavors and make those amazing! Over a good little place to hang out, get free wifi and a decent coffee or tea...
4	What a weird little place. The "decor", if you will, is schizophrenic at best. The aforementioned white leather couches are odd, and everyone else gets to sit on Ace Hardware plastic folding chairs. Strangely, they're not too uncomfortable. The coffee is "eh". So-so. Even the so-called light roast stuff would put hair on my chest (not a good thing). The bakery items are bordering on stale and probably came from Safeway across the street. So why 4 stars? Well, the place is pretty quiet, with unobtrusive, neutral rock playing at a pleasant, low volume. This is in stark comparison to other locales such as Lux (who doesn't love a DJ at 8 am?) and that something-Trade place down on Central (Lilith fair, anyone?). Seeing as I am cramming for board exams right now, I need unobtrusive. I also need space, for all my eighty thousand books and binders. There are plenty of generously sized tables here, plenty of room. And, perhaps most importantly, the owners don't have the A/C on FRIGID -- a rarity in AZ the second the mercury hits 90. I can sit here in a tank top and not freeze my ass off. Very important. The clientele is an interesting melange of people (at least during the day, when I'm here) who seem friendly and mellow. The cooler has a very eclectic array of fancy waters, Mexican Coke in real glass bottles, and chi-chi designer sodas. Cool.Oh, and yeah, and you don't have to ask the person working here for the damn bathroom key. I. HATE. THAT.So, despite the unexciting coffee and bakery offerings, I think I will be back.... at least until my boards are over!
1	I am ordinarily a very laid back person.  However, when I walked in, there were at least a half-dozen people chilling behind the counter, and it still took at least 5 minutes for someone to help me.  I ordered a bagel and an iced americano. I waited nearly 10 minutes for my bagel, and when I asked about it, the guy picked up the bagel sitting on the counter and handed it to me.  It was cold.  To fix the problem, he re-toasted it.  So then it was burned.  Super.  Who doesn't love a burned bagel in the morning.Now let's talk about that "Unlimited Coffee".  Honestly, this stuff should be limited by federal mandate.  As in...don't drink it.  Even after four Splenda and a healthy dose of milk, it tasted like something died, they blended it up and poured it over ice for me.  I took one sip, gagged, made my brother experience the nastiness, and then logged into Yelp.  Now...if you're just coming for the "coffee shop atmosphere" don't do that either.  It looks like they gave a 13 year old a $500 budget at WalMart.  They have folding chairs to sit on and the sketchiest couches I've seen outside of GoodWill.  If zero stars was an option, I'd go with that.
5	this place deserves five stars just for the convenience of being open until MIDNIGHT, when every other [too-cool trendy] places close at 8 or 9. another amazing thing about unlimited is that they have four extremely comfy sofas in the back that i like to get lost in for hours. plus, outlets everywhere!!! i don't know how many other cenpho coffee shops i've been into that are lacking a proper amount of electrical plugs. it's really a hassle. their coffee and teas are pretty good. i like that they have 20+ syrups to choose from to flavor your coffee. i usually get an iced with peanut butter and grape syrup. they have a good selection of pastries as well and the blueberry muffin is to die for. also offered is gelato, their mascarpone crunch is so creamy and tasty i just want to take a swim in a pool of it.way to go unlimited. you are my coffee joint.
2	To be fair, I haven't tried any of the food or gelato; only coffee. My review will be based on the "coffee shop" aspect.I've been here twice, and both times I was served by the same girl, who was unfriendly and seemed annoyed by my presence. Part of what I look for in a coffee shop is service, which was sorely lacking both times. My latte was not great, but I've had worse. The milk definitely needed to be aerated better, though.If you need a place to study for school or do some work, and maybe want a sandwich or something, this place is great. Someone mentioned the low volume of the music--it is true, it was very quiet. Personally, I actually prefer louder music, but I had my headphones, so it was okay.Some of the other (apparent) employees (or maybe even owners?) seemed friendly enough, but the unfriendly service from that one girl is enough to keep me from coming back. There are plenty of other coffee shops around that will be happy to have me, and I don't think losing my business will affect this place too much.
3	Maybe I just don't know a darn thing about coffee..but this place didn't taste so hot this morning . What is necessary to make a tasty vanilla iced latte? They must be tougher than I thought. Cuz I just  tasted bitter vanilla ick.  I  needed to kill an hour and I wanted a reading spot. So I end up here.  When I walked in I felt like i was either in someone's basement or the church camp mess hall. It just had a weird thrown together  vibe. Power strip down the middle of the room , seniors having an intense planning meeting,  old leather couch sets , just about the only missing was a ping pong table and you 'd have your neighbors basement hangout .The only thing attractive in the whole room was the Gelato display ...curious.  I guess I will be going back.
4	Well what do you do you know ...Unlimited is a Gelato place  too   although they call the Gelato part "Monster Gelato " but it's really is the same place  and same servers. ...I found myself in the area with family in tow... and of course I have created little Gelato  demanding kiddos... ( you should hear them review) we stopped in to give unlimited a try .  Kids were hoping for a Nutella taste and we were delight to find 2  flavors with Hazelnut .When we first walked in ,I had to laugh , I still have the impression of someones basement ..lots of middle age guys  with laptops all over the room . What's up with that?Back to Gelato ..Found out the Gelato is made on sight and we actually observe the "chef" making a batch ..  Kudos for making your own , guys!  The kid behind the counter was helpful and didn't mind letting try their flavors. While lots of flavors  are available ,some atypical  --one is bright blue and flavored like  fruit loops .. okay .Kids liked the Hazelnut  and the Hazelnut Chocolate , mom loved the Sedona flavor which was a very dense chocolate flavor with a touch of raspberry ..yeah.. I made her give me taste.  She also had banana which tasted like really ripe bananas which may or may not be your thing . Number 2 kiddo had Macadamia Nut  and wasn't impressed .This is a great place to stop for Gelato  if you have to have Gelato in this neighborhood but I am not sure if I would drive out of my way  for it.   The downside of this place is the atmosphere if need ambiance or you are on a romantic date. If you just need a late night place this might be your place.
3	This place is more packed on the weekend then some bars out here. Try the choclate hazelnut gelato!
3	Don't take this the wrong way, I really do like this place.  My only problem with it is that I get a distinct sense of insincerity from it.  See, it's called "Unlimited Coffee".  Key word being 'unlimited'.  The first refill is free, sure.  The second?  $0.50.  The next refill?  NO!  You gotta buy a whole new cup!And I realize very few people actually drink that much coffee in one sitting.  And I realize truly unlimited coffee from a place isn't a financially viable option.  But damn it all! I'm a medical student!  I'm poor as hell and need a lot of caffeine!Seriously though, the coffee here is quite good.  There aren't a lot of places in the area that sell really good coffee.  It's also open until midnight every day and they have a lot of plugs.  Toss in the free wifi and you've got a solid study location.  It seems like a solid place to kick back and relax (at least I assume it is, I've forgot how to do such myself, but many others there seemed to be happy).
3	I would have to agree with a lot of folks for the most part. This place is quite the "interesting" little old Pizza Hut made into a cat themed Coffee shop. To start off, I don't really dig their gelato. It seems weak, as if when the mix was created they used water instead of cream. The lemon gelato will put hair on your chest (I get tears in my eyes thinking about it). Ask them for a sample. The dulce de leche and double chocolate (I believe is what they were called) are pretty ok. I have found that when I do go in I am treated pleasantly. The atmosphere isn't too bad. Very relaxed. You got folks using WI-FI, it's spacious. It sure beats the group of obnoxious teenagers I tend to run into at Starbucks.
4	Need a place to study and are in the North Central Phoenix area? Stop by Unlimited, but don't take the couch in the back. That's my seat. Sitting here for a few hours is easy as there are no distractions, plenty of comfortable seating, delicious coffee and tea, and don't forget about the gelato! They make it at the store. Get the red velvet because its better than cake. There are alternatives in the area, but if you haven't been here before try it out.
3	this is a great place for hanging out. the employees are also really friendly and won't mind if you want to sit around for a few minutes while they're closing. the three rating is only on the quality of their espresso. i've been ordering short vanilla cappuccinos in coffee shops around the valley and very few of them have had everything that makes the perfect cup... just some very basic barista training in steaming milk would definitely get this place and other shops on its level up to par.
4	Monster Gelato you are growing on me...you are a) open and available b) great servicec) nice selection of flavors that are made right thered) close to places I frequentThanks  for being so patient and nice to my family last night with our millions of tastes ...you rocked it.
4	My favorite place for tea. I like the LAN-party type feel of the place which is a change from all the redundant art gallery meets coffee bar hipster hangouts. The hours are great and can't wait to try the coffee next time.
4	Traveled all the way across town (no small feat for the sprawl of Phoenix ) to see this highlighted coffee shop in action. Best parts: Great coffee--really rich and strong; very nice staff--went out of their way to make sure the wifi was working after I couldn't figure it out at first. Bad: kind of disappointing setup (one massive table in the middle with little ones all around....doesn't fit people who need more space; somewhat outdated/bland interior design (felt like an old diner?); uncomfortable chairs.  Seems like a "local regular" type of place; sure enough the picture of the "local regular" college professor at the couter matched the guy sitting in the corner; somewhat of a misnomer: the coffee is NOT unlimited, made explicit by a couple signs at the counter.  It's like calling your restaurant an all you can eat buffet but then charging by the plate.  Strange.
1	I have frequented unlimited coffee for many years. The coffee, gelato, and comfortable seating was great. Now the coffee shop allows no outside food (even a partially eaten hot dog) and has jacked up the prices for soft drinks to close to 4 bucks, and hounds people as they walk in to place an order. I recently went to order coffee with a friend, we had placed our order, and then i was told my partially eaten hot dog in an enclosed container was not allowed. We left and went to Lux Coffee and had an enjoyable time. I even got to finish my hot dog. Unlimited Coffee use to be a cool coffee shop.
4	Great coffee and tea. Gelato always looks and smells amazing...though I've never had it. The scene: quaint and cozy. Lots of outlets and free WiFi. All around great place if you need to get some work done remotely.
5	I don't like coffee. When I go to coffee shops/houses I get tea, specifically chai tea lattes. I'm addicted. I don't want anything else!I've been here 3 times only because I don't live close enough :( Sad for me, I know.The first 2 times I was here was early. Like, right after they open early. My friend & I were practically the first people there since it was just after 6am. The guy who greeted us was friendly but subdued & mellow. He kept up a conversation with us & brought our drinks over since, after ordering we sat down on 1 of the huge comfy couches. He even sat down with us for a few minutes before other people wandered in.The last time I was here was at night. It was MUCH more crowded. I think we got the last spot left in the lot at the moment. The friend of mine who came with me wasn't big on coffee or tea. But he was talked into ordering a "dirty chai" (chai tea with a shot of espresso). He actually liked it. Not my style, but ok :)During this visit I was informed that they'd changed their chai recipe recently & it was a little more "spicy". I don't really know if it was, but I do know that it was GREAT!Screw Starbucks & their watered down excuse for chai tea lattes. Unlimited has spoiled my taste buds. Oh, & they're a little cheaper than the big chain too! ;)I can't tell you about their chairs being uncomfortable, or not. I love the couches. I didn't want to leave.Also, there's tons of natural lighting from all the big windows. Nice! No claustrophobia issues being here.I think the people working here are very nice. They were personable, friendly, VERY HELPFUL, nonjudgmental, & humorous.
4	This is a great place for a cuppa joe and working on your laptop. What I like about this place is that there are power outlets everywhere. The staff are friendly, and the drinks are tasty. The only gripe I have is that they are expensive (even moreso than Lux Coffee which is also a "tax-included" place), but not so expensive that I avoid the place.
5	Love it!  Gellato rocks, but best part is they are open to midnight.
3	I really wanted to love Unlimited, as it is closer to my house than my favorite spot, Lux.But I did not love it. I did not love it, because I think the atmosphere of Unlimited is the last thing that the owners/operators care about. Between the dark walls with thumbtacked posters and the white plastic picnic-style folding tables, I really felt like I was in a telemarketing office. If you've ever worked in one, you know what I mean. The tables were all full of laptop users, and the lack of conversation really added to the whole "low budget office" vibe. To be fair, I had my laptop and was there to write, too... but I like looking around and maybe chatting up my neighbor a bit. The only person trying to engage me at Unlimited was a dude who waggled his eyebrows at me whenever he took a break from drawing pictures of evil robots shooting naked ladies and rocking out to Nazareth in headphons so heavy couldn't look all the way up. He twisted his head sideways to make eye contact.  The iced mocha wasn't bad. And the wi-fi was good.It is a shame, because the location is great... Such potential Unlimited!
5	Great homemade gelato - great coffee - great service.
5	Unlimited is the only coffee shop in town I consider myself a regular at. It's the opposite of pretentious, has good coffee, delicious gelato, friendly service, and tbh the real reason I come here is my friends gather here on Mondays for "coworking" and shenanigans.So the furniture is a couple couches, some four seat tables, and a big ass table with plastic chairs. Not exactly pretty, but it kicks ass that a bunch of us can show up with our laptops and comfortably work and hang out here.
5	This is a really great place to sit down and work.  The people who work there are always friendly.  There's a central table to plug your laptop into, like a central command for some movie about central commanding things, then everywhere else has couches and tables.  There's also gelato, and a variety of different sodas.  Only thing I find wrong with it is I keep wanting to say "Coffee Unlimited" instead of "Unlimited Coffee."  I feel it's more "coffee + unlimited horizons" instead of "drink coffee forever."
4	This place is a college student and mo-pro dream.  There are extension cords everywhere, allowing for many, many people to plug in their dying laptops all at once.  Plenty of table space to spread out all your paperwork and textbooks, the wi-fi is free and they are open late!!!  They have a piano and occasionally people will come in and just randomly play it.... its a nice break from all the working or studying.Yes the chairs are plastic, its true.  Could they fork over a lil extra cash and buy more comfortable and cosmetically appealing chairs... definitely! But, its not a deal breaker for me.The coffee is pretty decent, its one of the few brews that will actually keep me awake... sometimes to a fault.  They have a nice baked goods selection... the chocolate chip scone is divine!!A whole cooler full of bottled juices and sodas of vast variety is available for the non coffee and tea lovers.Not a big fan of gelato in general, so I won't comment on theirs.. but there are quite a few flavors to choose from.Overall if you are looking for a sweet, romantic coffee shop to soul search in...this is not your place.  If you are looking to have a change of scenery from the typical work/study space or hang out with friends and play some board games then this is totally going to be a place to check out.Oh.. and if you get that weird "gee I feel like there is something so familiar about this building" vibe while you are in there, it is because back in the day it was one of those sit-down Pizza Hut restaurants, haha!
4	Great place to hang out and do some work or meet up with a few friends. I love the music they play. Really creates a nice atmosphere. I am not a coffee drinker but they provide so much more than coffee that anyone can find something they like.
4	Good bye Unlimited ..Thanks for the Gelato  and Coffee  We will miss you! It's closed....
3	The coffee is okay, the gelato is terrible, but I don't actually come here for any of those. I always came for the space only. Lots of space and outlets to work the night away when you don't feel like being cramped up in your house.
