4	Located in the middle of the Luxor casino floor, Liquidity is a stylish lounge featuring comfortable modern seating arrangements, amazing decor, water feature and light projections, cool music, and of course nice stiff drinks.After a big meal, we were looking for a nice quiet night and since we were staying at Luxor, we chose Liquidity because it just looked cool.  There were several seating options available but one couch and chair arrangement looked perfect for our group.  It required a party of 6 or bottle service.  We had over 6 people so we took a seat then decided to order a bottle.  Our server Crystal was pleasant and poured us our first round of drinks.  She was attentive and kept us stocked with ice, mixers and garnish and was always right there when someone new joined our group.The crowd at the bar came and went....it is a lounge in the center of the casino so a lot of people stop in for just one drink instead of making it there destination for the evening.
3	It's been a while since I was last at the Luxor, so it was good to see that they put in a more upscale lounge in the casino.  I went in the middle of the afternoon on a Monday, so not too busy inside, and the music was at just the right volume.  I spent most of my time at the bar playing video poker, and getting comped drinks like I do with any casino bar.  It was kind of cool with the "misty waterfall" in the center of the bar, behind the display of the liquor, and the videos that were being shown on the column behind it.Otherwise, it was just another bar.
4	Somehow, we ended up at Luxor 2 out of the 3 nights we were in Vegas and we stayed at the Venetian, which is located at the opposite end of the strip. HMMM. It's a bar located pretty much smack in the middle of the casino floor, but its spacious and the decoration is stylish, yet unpretentious, which I loved.The drinks are typical of vegas prices, meaning expensive, but the bartender was an absolute delight to talk to and he made some amazing tasting drinks. Or, at least, in my alcoholic daze, I found them to be amazing. I would say, grab a drink if you happen to be there, or waiting to get into LAX, or right after giving up trying to get into LAX - otherwise, wouldn't really bother making a special trip here.
3	Who likes to rock the party?The cast of Friends had their main hangout, Central Perk. While we had Liquidity in Las Vegas.Okay, so not the ideal place to cure last night's hangover but one can't help being in play hard mode while vacationing in the other city that never sleeps.You wouldn't know whether you were in for a spa treatment at this place or in for a cold beer. The decor is just surrounded with very sensual lighting & you'll see this mix of blue water colors consistent to its theme plus the music just adds on....Because after a while you can only stand so much of the tech-electro-deep-house you often gyrate to at the clubs in Las Vegas so I particularly LOVED their music here...you can bump your head or dance to Maxwell or some 80s pop like Cyndi LauperNeed a quick pick me up? Try the Mojito, Liquid Lemonade or Love Potion drinks creatively mixed aside from your typical drink choice. I particularly enjoyed them...rare from my usual whisky sour order.
5	It's in the smack middle of the casino part, which keeps it very entertaining for people watching around you while you drink, or play computer poker like my friend was doing while she and I drank until the lights never went off.  There was a trickling water fall that was displayed in the center of the bar,...then...giant TV screens began to be lowered and BAM...we were watching football from all 4 directions so everyone had a good view of the screens.  I had the signature drink called Liquid Lust which was amazing in my mouth....I'd do it again and be proud of it.....all night long.
3	Liquidity is the center bar inside the Luxor casino/gaming area.  It's your typical bar/lounge with a nice viewing area the engulfs the entire bar.  The bar also has a beautiful digital waterfall along the center that makes for visual appreciation.The major con's are the pricing of the bottles and drinks, but you have to remember that your at a casino bar.  Overall, this is a good place to grab a drink and hang with your friends before or after the club.
4	It is located right in the center of Luxor's casino. The drinks were good and the waitress we had was right on the money with our big group. I liked it better than getting smooshed inside LAX nightclub. None of us were up for bottle service or crowds so this was a nice "chill" place.
4	Boy have things changed since the last time I visited LUXOR!  Liquidity is located in the middle of the Casino.  I met my Nephew and his wife for a drink my last night in Vegas. It was a cool relaxing place and our waitress was very nice. The only negative was that they were out of the liquor they used to make one of their specialty drinks.  How does that happen?  They are Wheelchair accessible, with a nice easy ramp to access the bar area.
4	Really cool design - water falling all the time with color changing lights.When everything else was closed this is where we hung out (after hours).  The bar does close shortly to clean and restock but you can still sit around and wait for your next round.They have just about everything to drink and some gambling machines/ games to keep you entertained.You get to meet people here and the bartenders are really cool.
4	A lounge at the Luxor right in the middle of the casino grounds.  Water falls in lines like curtains from the roof.  It's a pretty decent sized lounge.  Lots of plush chairs, roomy lounge areas and bar area w/large TVs showing music videos to the pretty decent music playing throughout the area.  I'll admit, I did like the music, too bad you can't dance there, cause I was ready and the only idiot at the lounge bobbing my head lol.Drink menu isn't vast.. but you have your beers, wines, and specialty cocktails.. you can get a bucket of 5 beers for $30.. not too bad.  The only thing that was really disappointing is their "sake bombs" which I was hesitant to order at first, but really was in the mood for one.. at least our waitress forewarned us.."it's made w/bud light" what the heck?! Dude, total fail.. there's so much carbonation in the bud light I couldn't get my bomb down in one consistent drink........ others were disgusted by the taste of it.. fail.. fail fail fail..Our waitress was very attentive, but somewhat mechanical.. work for your tip girl..
3	I know this for a against Yelp code, but they offer 2 for 1 drink special w/ FourSquare check in.SoCo Raspberry Lemonade = yummmo. ya its girly, but so what. tasted good and got me buzzed =P
4	I came here after seeing the Titanic Artifact Exhibition on a Tuesday night about 8pm...I really enjoyed it for the short time I was here. There wasn't many people...many 6 or 7...and the drinks are about the average price for Vegas. I got a sex on the beach and my husband got hypnotiq on the rocks and it was $19. Theres a nice lounge area with couches which is where we sat. The decor is beautiful with water streaming down by the bar with different lighting. I'd recommend.
4	Reminds me of B Bar in AC, except more spacious and less patrons. Then again, we were pretty  much the only ones here at 5am. So, I can't really say if this place is packed or slow during peak hours.There is enough room to sit and chat it up for as long as you like with a big group. It's a comfortable spot.  I dug it.Location - inside Luxor
5	Get fun.  Its right in the center of the pyramid.  The bartender is great at recommending drinks just perfect to help you party.  Next door is the party pit.  There are beautiful girls dancing and giving away marde grais beads.
5	Loved this lounge! The music was fit for a club but it was great to sit in one of their lounge sections. They had a decent drink selection and all reasonably priced. A few of us ordered the mix and match bucket of imported beer for $30 (6 beers). The couches are comfortable and set up so that large groups can easily have conversations. The servers were friendly. The restrooms are conveniently located near Liquidity (short walk). I would definitely come back to this bar.
1	David the bartender comp nazi was an azzhole.  We just came from a long tour trip from the grand canyon and just wanted a few drinks and gamble before going to our room.  Wouldn't comp a drink made with Red Bull and when we settled for beers he came over to inspect our slot machine and told us we could not get another beer unless we played max bets and more often.  We both were playing $20 and varying wages and at times max,  We were having a good conversation about our tour so weren't playing in a frenzy pattern but definetly playing.  We saw him do this to others also.  The bar was not even close to being full. So we said f-him and sat on the casino slots enjoying a couple of comp beers with no scrutinty.
2	weak ass old fashioned. lame, slow service. music was wack. but if you check in using foursquare you get 2-1 drinks =)
3	Located inside Luxor Hotel, right in the center of the Casino. This place has open seating and is a cool spot to lounge and have a couple drinks before heading out. Drink prices are reasonable. Signature drinks are $10 or less. Waiter service is available til  3am.  However, the bar is open til 6am for you to walk up and order drinks.
4	3.5 Stars.This is a nice bar. I flew in and met up with a few friends that night since they were getting married the next day. There were probably 20 of us, some dressed up, some looking like they just got off a plane.  Very cool setup as there is water features all over the place with fiber-optics. The service was great. I had a few glasses of wine (I know from a beer guy) and just relaxed and hung out.  We were there until after midnight and the service kept up with us. I have to admit, very cool setup.  One thing, since it was for a pre wedding sort of party, I have no idea what the prices are like.For a fun and laid back time with friends, this is a good place.
2	Slightly better looking than most lobby bars.The look is the only thing that's good about this bar.  It's located inside Luxor.  There are seats/couches around with attractive waitresses taking orders, or you can order from the bar.  The bar is also somewhat elevated so you can get a better view of the casino floor and people watch as well. We sat down at one of the tables and ordered a few drinks but man.. they were super slow with the drinks.  The place was somewhat empty too since most people were heading towards clubs at the time.  While waiting I probably could've played 10 hands in black jack or something.Prices are your typical Vegas price.  $10-14 for a drink.  Typical drink selection with a few signatures.  Oh and they do have whipped cream since we ordered a BJ for a buddy of ours that was getting married haha. With slow service, probably wouldn't come back here again.
3	Located in the Luxor hotel.We stumbled in here randomly from just roaming around. They had a special deal of a choice of beer + vodka shot for $7. You can't go wrong with that. They had some comfortable sofas. The atmosphere was alright. They played some good music. Drinks were at a reasonable price I suppose. Service was alright. It was just alright.
4	This spot is always a chill social louge like place. SHots of vodka are $7.  There are lots of sofas to sit and hang out. The beer selection is the usual. Drinks are about the same price here as they are anywhere else along the strip. Being that this is a hotel bar/lounge, I didn't think that they would let someone so casually dressed come in here during their later night hours, but the folks at the door didn't seem to have a problem with that. You can people watch, as I love to do some times, as you can kinda survey the casino floor while you're in here. The waitresses are very sweet and beautiful as well. Music here is a mix of the current hits as well as those oldies but goodies. I like the water theme with the pretty fiber optic lights. Fun stuff. A super chill time.
4	This bar/lounge is definitely a great alternative to the 2 other bars located on the Casino floor of Luxor.My cousins and I were just looking for a place to chill/relax and get some drinks.  We hadn't seen each other in a while and wanted to catch up.  We dropped by Aurora (located near the check in desk) but there wasn't an empty seat or table available.  Next we went to Flight, but that bar was packed with people waiting to possibly enter the LAX nightclub.  Thankfully we came across Liquidity in the middle of the casino floor.  It wasn't crowded at all, and were able to find a table with lounge chairs instead of just sitting at the bar.  The bar is located in the middle and surrounded by sections with lounge chairs/tables/couches that allow Luxor guests some comfort while enjoying their drinks.I have to admit that although we were in the middle of the casino, it didn't seem as noisy since we were away from the crowds checking in, as well as those waiting to gain access to LAX.  It definitely seemed more spacious than Flight but not as roomy as Aurora.  Bottom Line:  A welcome and comfortable alternative to the Aurora and Flight bars/lounges.
3	This isn't a bad little lobby bar.  It's better than the alternatives at the Luxor.  Prices weren't bad, music is well, clubby, and you do get a good dose of people on a weekend night.  I think I sat here on two occasions waiting for passed out friends to wake up and make another night of it and had a decent time on both occasions.
3	This bar has a Foursquare check in special, buy one drink, get the second free. The second drink had to be a well, beer, or wine. For my first drink I had some special drink with dragon berry in it....it was really good! The problem was the service. We were the only ones there and we were ignored for a long time.... I don't know if the bartender was upset that we had the deal...but it wasn't cool. The place isn't terrible, but it isn't awesome either. I'd stick with free drinks at the casino.
2	Granted, I was going to be using a free drink coupon to compensate for our unused resort fees at Excalibur, however I was not waving it in the air yelling "I'm cheap!" or anything.  My mom and I got annoyed because we sat at the bar when it was not crowded for 12 minutes before someone finally came over.  Well, we MAY have tipped better if he cared enough to not walk past us 5 times.I got a bottled beer (no watering THAT down!) and my mom got a glass of sparking wine.  Both were exactly what we thought they'd be.  But since we were looking to drink again after our freebie, we went back to Excalibur and bought drinks at Sherwood Bar instead.  Our service was amazing, even with our free drink coupons.
4	I came straight here after getting off a plane since no place was yet open for dinner. However the bar was excellent and made some sick drinks that I havent had at other places! I highly reommend . VERY TASTY!!!
3	Had free vouchers for drinks, so headed down to Liquidity for some pregame before headed out down the strip doing some big Vegas girl things! It was a nice lounge, simple love the blue warm colored lights while overlooking the casino floor, with some sweet and comfy lounge chair. Good for groups and good for couples, as well as individuals to grab a drink. You sit yourself and the waitress will come around eventually. She offered us drinks, we offered her our vouchers and she gave us the options. We settled on well drinks, two vodka crans just keeping it simple. It was more vodka than cran but a nice berry red. Love it, enjoyed a few sips, tipped the pretty lady and grabbed our drinks and headed over for some more adventures. It's pretty quiet there and I like how it's clean. There wasn't enough wait staff, but I guess it's good since you won't be bothered and everybody keeps to themselves. Great location, right in front of the casino, niceeee.
4	Can I Get Banned From Yelp For Saying FOURSQUARE?SITREPThis is definitely one reason for keeping your Foursquare app running on your iPhone.  I got a 2-4-1 Rum & Coke drink special $6, so I'm not complaining.THE SETUPInside the Luxor Hotel, Liquidity is a nice chill bar that isn't as pretentious as some of the other bars on the casino floor or on the 2nd Level.  It's also - as far as bars go - a bit off the beaten path in this hotel and so only experiences half the congestion of the other bars.DRINKSBesides the special I mention at the top of the review, most of drinks are between $5 and $8, and include shots with them if you ask for the right ones.  I'm not really a gambler like the friends, and so chill spots like this are really nice to take a break at, especially when engaged in a deep conversation with someone.THE LOWDOWNWhen hanging out at the south end of the Vegas Strip, this is definitely a nice bar to retreat too away from the noise.
