4	I think they deserve the 4 stars just for all the work they put into their full colour glossy menu (more like a catalogue). Pretty much everything has a photo, even the side dishes. They have everything from a side of chicken and rice to whole chicken meals.  I chose the #18 chicken sandwich on a grilled pita before getting to confused. It came out after a good 5-10 minutes piping hot, so much that some of the outside edges crumbled off into pita chips. Excellent garlic mayo oozed from the sandwich, which also included hard-to-find pickles and a few French fries (I grabbed one that was hanging and it tasted a little Burger Kingish). The decor was fresh and clean (orange and green), with light wood grained tabletops and large screens with heaps of photos, plus descriptions of the menu items. There is a lot to take in on the screens, so my tip is to read off the printed menu. On the coleslaw front, if you close your eyes it's like you are eating KFC's green coleslaw which is super minced. Not a huge portion, but at $1.49 it's not bad. While eating, I read the rest of the menu and discovered some interesting fried options including a shrimp plate and a sub roll fish filled sandwich. On the side cheese sauce looked just right to have with the buffalo chicken tender sandwich, especially for the students on study break from Concordia University. Sriracha chili sauce went along side the other condiments. It seems like everybody wants to join the Asian band wagon (or compete with the dozens of Asian restaurants nearby). It's nice to see a little variety pop up in this area. If you have room, you can also top off your meal with a choice of 3 chocolate based desserts. Had to run, so may try more another time. Hope the owners keep up their hard work, positive vibe and desire to succeed.
1	i was here today....i had combo of shrimps,it was no good,and too dark....it was very diffrent with the photo in the menu....too bad......i will never come back to this place...
5	This is basically a better tasting and higher quality version of KFC, and we don't feel gross after eating it. The fried chicken strips are so good, not too greasy and very crispy, I want to figure out the recipe for the batter.
3	Standard fried chicken place - though - spoiler alert, it comes with this garlic dip. It's difficult for me to be garlic'ed out but when you wake up the next day with garlic breath.....
2	I love their breaded chicken sandwiches and the fries are so good!! So why the 2 stars? Because I have eaten there about 5 times. Each time I've asked for 'no sauce' on my sandwich. Each and every time they put sauce on it. It's almost comical. It's a good thing I'm not allergic to something because I have zero confidence that they would get my order correct.
