5	Awesome as always !!!   Just opened today and it's packed.  With the large crowd, they are moving us quickly.
5	The staff is amazing, the food is amazing, and the service is fast! I love everything about Chick-fil-A! I camped out overnight for the Grand Opening and would do it again in a heartbeat!
4	Spicy chicken sandwich was really tasty. Southern style, so pickles and mayo. Still fast food, but tastes pretty fresh. If you have kids, they have a great play land. Staff were very friendly. If wait til after the holidays til the hype dies down though.
5	Even with the SUPER long looking lines on opening day, I got my food within' minutes of ordering! I went on the inside and only took me minutes to order as well!I actually did the First 100 opening promotion too! They made it a blast!The food is definitely soops tasty! Waffle fries! Mmmmmm!All around polite service! They have dedicated employees to come by tables asking if you need anything! Soda refill, napkins, even throwing out any trash you may have!EAT MORE CHICKEN!The owner guy seems nice, calm, and down to Earth!Believe It!I'm Gonna Be King of the Chicken Eaters!
5	Fine!  I will praise the huge corporation with a positive review, they have earned it!  Today was my second visit and the place just does it right.  Very nice staff, so much so that it is surprising and seems out of place at a non sit down get a menu restaurant.  Of course it is being run by folks from the company at the moment but hopefully that will not change once those folks leave to open the next location.   The food is above average right above McDonalds/Wendys and right near Culvers.  But it is the service.  They way they treat employees must be pretty decent, it would be hard to be that pleasant if they underpaid, overworked.  Bottom line, it is a quality product served by better people.
2	Over rated hype.I have been here twice now, and both times I found the food to be average at best. The first time I went, it was very busy, and it was like watching someone herd cats when it came to getting the orders out to people.The restaurant is small, and gets real small with the crowd that has been there of late. You can get a few people in line to order, but then there is a massive group standing around waiting at a small counter for their food. The drive-thru is always long, and in my 2nd trip there, I did use the drive-thru and watched people who would enter the place after I already placed my order, walk up, order, get their food and leave before I even went up 1 spot. So my advice is go inside if it is a slower period in the day.The food was OK. I had a chicken sandwich, that I have had better at other places, and some really nasty greasy chicken strips. It was hard to tell if the juice coming from strip was grease of juice from the chicken. I am missing something here with this chain and their food because I found it to be OK. The staff working the counter was really seemed to be in a hurry the whole time I was ordering. Once my order was placed, I was told to stand to the right for my food, yet the person bringing it to me was coming from the left. Like I said before, herding cats. The drive-thru person was just as useless it seemed to me. I handed her my credit card, she dropped it, I had to pull forward and stand at the drive-thru window to pay for my order. I could have gone inside and done this if I wanted to get out of my car. While standing there, she was telling the manager that I dropped the card and was the reason for the hold up. This place should be getting a 1 star, but solo because it was not the worst experience I have ever had, and because the 1st time I went in it was REALLY busy, I am willing to give the benefit of the doubt. But the drive-thru experience was totally uncalled for, and really should have me giving this place a 0 star. I know this is a fast food joint. I know there is a stereotype that comes with the workers at fast food joints, but I would like to think that this place would break the mold and have people working there that know their left from there right, know how to grab something, and know not to b.s about something in front of the customer. Fool me once.....
3	Holy moly was this place packed on Saturday around 1pm! Finding a parking spot was hell, we ended up parking across the street at Longhorn Steakhouse. Once we got inside, the line to get food was super fast, it amazed me how quickly they get you in and out. The young man taking our order was polite and on his game. I had the original chick fil a sandwich and dipped it in their Chick Fil A sauce, good stuff. I skipped the waffle fries and tried the cole slaw, it was pretty good, kind of reminded me of KFC's cole slaw. My son had the chicken nuggets, they are pretty tiny, I recommend getting the 12 piece if you have a appetite. The lemonade was pretty good and I liked that they have those cool dipping cup ketchup packs ;) I will go again, as long as it was crazy packed again....uffda!  I guess my only complaint was that they don't give you the freedom of getting your own refills on drinks, you have to go back up to the counter, get back in line and get a refill, kind of a drag....I'm a whiner, I know :)
5	Let me start by saying that I lived in Memphis for 3 years, right around the corner from a Chick-fil-A.  So I LOVE me some Chick-fil-A, was super sad to move to a state without one, and was super excited to eat here while visiting my sister.  Thus, I am not exactly unbiased when it comes to my beloved chicken.At 1:30pm on a Saturday, the place was mobbed.  I opted for the drive-thru, since at least I could wait in the comfort of my car, and carefully navigated entering the lane from the mall frontage road -- let's just say, some folks are not too good at this kind of thing, and it gets a little tight in there.  However, once the line split into two lanes, it was smooth sailing, and the order-taker was, if possible, even friendlier than I remember from Memphis.  She even took my name for the order, which was then confirmed at the pick-up window where my food was ready and waiting.  Most impressively, my order was exactly was I'd requested, down the sauce (they often forgot that in Memphis...), and my milkshake sans whipped cream and cherry (which I was asked when I ordered).And the food, of course, was fabulous.  I'm embarrassed to admit how quickly I wolfed it down...  I've yet to encounter a better milkshake, my chicken strips were amazingly tender on the inside and crunchy on the outside, and the fries were...well, they were fine.  I dearly miss their short-lived sweet potato fries, and it would be the highlight of my year if they would bring them back, but alas, I think I'm out of luck on that one.Thus, I'm happy to report that this outpost of Chick-fil-A more than lives up to its name.  Take it from a semi-Southerner, you've gotta try it!
5	I am a transplant to Madison from Va and while I love living in Madison there are many things I miss from home.  Chick fil a is one of those things!  I was so excited when they opened one 5 min from my house!  Stopped by the day after their grand opening and was almost deterred by the crowd.  Convinced my husband to stick it out with me.  Surprisingly the massive line took no time to get through and I got my chick fil a!  This is the only fast food restaurant I ever eat at.  Love the food and they are always so friendly.
4	Damn Homie.  This chicken is good.I had Chick-fil-A for the first time a few years ago in Kansas City.  My wife kept telling me it was the greatest thing since sliced bread, so I had to give it a shot.  It was pretty good, not the most amazing chicken ever but very good, and the service at that location was fantastic.  The manager personally took us under his wing and made us feel like we were both appreciated and at a real restaurant.  Needless to say, for a fast food chain I was more than impressed.Well, now Madison has a Chick-fil-A.  I went on opening day to give it another shot, and they had both the service and crowd under control.  They had brought in employees from some of their southern stores and were actually assisting people with traffic, the drive through, you name it.  I've never seen something like this for a fast food chain, they realized how popular it would be and planned appropriately.  That's not to say there weren't a million people trying to get there, but the lines flowed smoothly and soon enough I had my delicious chicken strips, sandwhich and waffle fries.If there's anything to knock, it's that the menu is pretty limited.  The food I mentioned above is just about all there is to it.  They have shakes as well, they're pretty solid.  But that chicken.  Oh man is it good.  Fresh taste, not some KFC "what did I just eat" mess.  It's uber tasty.  Sadly, as much as I planned to just "give them a chance", I found myself there the next 3 days straight.Ruh Roh.  #TastyHeartAttackP.S.  For what's it worth, I'm reviewing their restaurant not their politics, so don't shoot me! :)
