5	I am almost irritated that it took me so long to find the U of I Arboretum, which is well on its way to becoming my sanity restorer.The Arboretum was officially opened in 1994 as the culmination of a larger project, but it is very much a work in progress in southern Urbana, with expanding park lands, tree plantings and beautiful gardens.  It's a great biking/hiking/walking area for noticing the local foliage and wandering for a spell.  On top of that, the Arboretum is also home to the Japan House, a tea house and three stage Japanese-style garden that hosts Japanese cultural programs and tea ceremonies on a regular basis.  When life drives me a little insane, it's best to regain some peace and sure-footing by sitting and looking over the clear blue of the small park pond, framed by the Japan House and the beautiful rows of trees in the distance.Thank God for this arboretum, which is my de-toxifying alternative to all of the insanity that is graduate studies.  Huzzah.
5	Beautiful, Beautiful, Beautiful flowers and gardens! I love to walk around and learn about the different flowers. Japan house is also nearby, which is nice. You do have to pay for parking during school hours though, which is a drawback. So if you don't want to pay for parking, go on the weekend or later on in the day.
3	Worth a look, but don't expect much. There really is not much to it compared to U of Wisconsin or North Carolina.
5	This is an amazing nature refuge. If you enjoy walking, biking, or running in a more natural and scenic environment, then this is the place for you. You can enjoy strolls around the lake, soak in the sun and fresh air from the comfort of a bench, and take in the beauty of one of the gardens. It is a kid and pet-friendly area, too!
5	Nice park and quiet. Great to run and walk without the clusters of random bicyclists on campus l.
4	It's a nice little escape in the middle of the city. There really aren't any trails so if that's what you are looking for, you will be disappointed. I actually was hoping for more of a hike. The Japanese Tea Garden was worth seeing and there was someone doing Tai Chi in the Japanese Flower Garden. It was very peaceful and serene. My favorite part was actually the Idea Garden. It has a kid garden that is amazing.
3	Hell of a lot of mown grass for an arboretum.Whether you are scoping the latest LARP fashion or looking to take your puppy love to the next level with some clandestine hand play, search no further. Walk amongst the gardens and oak stands as the sounds of the water features drown out those of the moaning WASPs and far eastern shutter sounds.Domo, domo arigato.
5	It is so beautiful. I love the idea garden. They have so many variety of roses, yellow, white, red, orange, whatever color you can come with.  It is a cute place to visit.
