4	Million Dollar Quartet is the story of an amazing evening in Sam Phillips life. Sam Phillips is the man that discovered Carl Perkins, Jerry Lee Lewis, Johnny Cash & (a man you may have heard of in this city) Elvis Presley. The show gives the history behind Sun Records and how the one in a million evening in question came to happen. If you enjoy the music of the previously mention artists you will enjoy Million Dollar Quartet's live music & story.The live band/actors are good (actually singing)! The storyline is great and does not drop off or lag so there aren't any boring parts. If you know who the musicians are or even have a little bit of interest I would suggest going to the show.The theater (on the third floor of Harrahs property) is a decent size with theater chairs in the front and table and booth style seating in the back, definately not HUGE but I know I would prefer being in the front versus where I was before the maitre d' moved me (the show I went to, sad to say -on Thursday 2/7/13 9:30pm was fairly empty). I imagine it's only because this show just opened and not many have seen it yet. I predict a packed house soon! Or at least I hope so! because I would definitely come to the show again.Ps. If you're going to be in town for VIVA! and are thinking about this, this is definitely up your alley ;)
3	Overall, I was impressed with the musical talent of the performers. They put on a great show musically!Who knew about Carl Perkins??  Not this gal, but I've never been fully immersed into the Rockabilly culture. He's a stud, great tunes!But the music was excellent, if anything, go for that aspect alone.The set stayed the same the whole time, which eh, would have been nice to see a change of scenery.  I got a little bored a few short times through out the show, but then caught myself tapping my foot and got back into the groove of things.  I liked the show, the majority of the crowd were the older variety (60's & 70"s).There is a restroom in close proximity to the showroom & they only have a bar, no snackies.  This is the showroom where Legends used to perform - top of both the escalators.
1	Unfortunately we were 30 minutes into the show before we got up, walked out and asked for a refund. The problem was not the show itself, it was the hotel (HARRAH'S hotel and Casino Las Vegas) showroom and clientele. We were seated in the theatre seats forward and there was a group of 4 grown adults seated behind us in a booth yelling, screaming, singing and basically being a nuisance the minute the show started. People in the audience were turning around trying too see who these loud mouths and making comments. They were a total distraction to the show. I did see an usher asking them to keep it down but this group seemed to act as if they owned the place. Soon enough the people in the booth next to them had enough and they start arguing face to face. Almost a full out brawl. I walked up to an usher and asked if they were going to escort these guys out? The usher then got snippy with me and said what i would like him to do? We told the usher that 90% of the audience was very angry and they should have done something 20 minutes ago. Security finally showed up but at this point we were already out at the box office getting a refund. Harrah's protocol for security in the theatre is extremely poor. We paid $100.00 per ticket for this? If you're wanting to see Million Dollar Quartet see it somewhere else. They should not be performing in this theatre. It's horrible. Harrah's no thank you.
3	Saw this show in Chicago as well.  Significantly different presentation.  Liked Chicago's better.Positives--The Vegas cast is excellent.  The most important character is Jerry Lee, and Martin Kaye doesn't disappoint.  But the other three are terrific as well.   All talented and they sing very well together.But also several negatives.The story, of course, relates to an unplanned meeting of Lewis, Elvis, Cash and Perkins at Sun Record Studios in 1956.  Sam Phillips had the foresight to turn on a microphone and record the impromptu session as these four legends (Jerry Lee had yet to become one) interacted, talked, and sang, often the old gospels and spirituals that they all knew from their childhood.  You can actually purchase the recording on Amazon, but it contains little in the way of full songs.  These guys were not putting on a show.  They were just having a good old time being themselves.In Chicago, the show opens quietly, with each character coming in.  In Vegas the curtain goes up and bang--the show begins to rock.  In one sense it is a terrific start--I was clapping along, etc.  But in another sense it is a mistake.  After the bang-up opening number the actual play (and it is a play) begins.  That is incongruous, and after the huge start, the show has nothing to build on.  It has to go downhill from there.  For me, the show never "flowed."  They would do the necessary talking, etc., to advance the story, but then kind of break into one or more of them doing a "performance."  It struck me as awkward and artificial.  For example, when Elvis was "on," he would often gyrate, etc.  I doubt very strongly that he did this when he was actually in that studio.  Once could argue that that's what the audience came to see, but for me, it only looked phony and out of place.But the WORST thing that happened the night we saw the show had nothing to do with the cast, etc.  It was due to the incompetence of the Harrah management.The first several rows at the front of the theater were completely empty, probably due to the cost.  I mentioned to my wife that this really looked bad.  The management obviously thought so too, as about 15 minutes into the show they began to move dozens of people from the back of the theater to fill in the empty seats.  This went on for about 15 minutes or more.  It was as if about 50 people, all sitting up front, had arrived late for the performance.  It was a continuous parade of people walking in front of you, up and down the aisles, into their seats.  Then some got up to move, etc.  It destroyed about 30 minutes of the show and I think was inexcusable conduct on the part of management.  This could be a terrific show, and I hope it succeeds, but I think it needs tweaking and management needs to reconsider their pricing structure and how they treat their customers.
5	My brother gave me and my wife tickets to see this show as this is the type of show he would enjoy.We had to laugh because we were the only ones in the audience with color in our hair. Silver hair everywhere! The couple at our table had actually seen Elvis and Cash live before and said that the performers did a great job impersonating them. At one point the mic cut out on Elvis's mic and you could here the guys voice without the sound system and WOW! My brain melted a little when i heard how good his voice truely was.If you like music... any kind of music, please go see this show! I was so impressed by the talent ( Jerry Lee Lewis was my favorite!) and my wife loves true story stuff. We just had such a great time.
5	I knew who three of the quartet was going into this.  Carl Perkins was the WHO? of the group.  Little did I know he was quite instrumental in Elvis' popularity.  History lesson and a musical!This show is so FUN!!!  There is no way possible that you won't be tapping your toes the entire time.  The actors are very impressive as these iconic music superstars.  Martin Kaye as Jerry Lee Lewis must have studied his moves, gestures, and voice extensively as he was spot on accurate and incredibly talented on those 88 keys.  "Elvis" and "Johnny Cash" sounded JUST LIKE the real thing and it was pretty amazing to think of all of these icons in the same room.  And PS, I'd go gay for the lady that played Dyanne.I loved the "picture" at the end.  It was a nice touch.  Million Dollar Quartet is a fun time with great music.  I would highly recommend it, even if you're not familiar with all the songs!
5	The performers are amazingly talented. The songs made my body shake with excitment. I notice that there were a total of about 6 people under the age of 55. Price is reasonable, teather is small and intimate which makes it for a good view from pretty much anywhere you seat. Sandra -
3	Remember those lame-ass cheesy sitcom episodes, where the writers couldn't think of a story so they just cobbled together old footage into a "flashback" episode?? Like, "Haha, that was great...but hey, remember the time I got a toilet plunger stuck up my ass? Now THAT was a memory!" Then, doo dee doo dee, the screen goes all wavy and dissolves into the flashback clip?Well, that's all this show basically is. Five impersonators -- Sam Phillips, Elvis, Johnny Cash, J.L. Lewis and Carl Perkins, bullshitting about "Remember this?" and "Remember that?" and playing old-time rock. It's not a bad show -- the impersonators are excellent, the music rocks pretty hard, and the set design is pretty cool. It's just...boring. No plot, very little action. That being said, the performers are GREAT! The Elvis guy really sounds and looks EXACTLY like Elvis, and the rest of 'em are great as well. And they do some really cool musical numbers.So if you look at it as a concert, I guess it's OK. As a show, however, I found it kinda dull.
4	A MUST-SEE SHOW.  This show is A LOT of fun and actually found myself tapping my toes throughout the entire show. I did not expect this show to be absolutely amusing and I even learned a lot from it!   There were some songs that were unfamiliar to me and some songs were something I just wanted to get up and dance.  Especially when Mr. Jerry Lee Lewis started to sing his "Great Balls of Fire." I couldnt stop smiling when listening to the song.Jerry Lee Lewis did an excellent job portraying the real Lewis and Mr. Elvis & Mr. Cash sounded like the real Cash & Elvis.  It was amazing and I would love to recommend anyone to watch this show! I
3	I saw the show before when the national touring company came to the Smith Center.  The show tonight was on a bit smaller scale due to the smaller size of the stage.The performers did their roles very well especially the guys who played Jerry lee Lewis and Carl Perkins.  Elvis and Johnny Cash looked and sounded who they were supposed to be but about halfway through the show I noticed that they weren't really playing their guitars.  They were doing a very convincing strumming, but their left hands never moved to form any chords.  They merely grasped the top of the fretboard near the nut and held on.  Very few times did they move any finger on that hand.  I guess they were cast for their ability to look and sound like Cash and Presley.  The man playing Perkins was the only "plugged in" player and he really did play his guitar.  The man playing Jerry Lee Lewis was excellent!  He left the touring company to stay on here and he's a very talented pianist!The theatre has been redone since I was last there.  Instead of tables on all levels, the front section is theatre style seating.  The cheaper seats are the classic table with 6 chairs or whatever number there were.In spite of my problems with the show's performers, the music is still very good and it's an hour and a half of remembering some songs I grew up with.
2	Is that all?That is precisely how I felt when the show was over.This is a tribute concert, not a musical. There was barely any acting at all. There were no set changes, no costume changes. There was hardly a plot. It focuses on one night and one night only.  No interesting twists. There was no intermission.Don't get me wrong, the vocals were superb. Voices and instruments were live and real-time. Impersonations were wonderful. But I am looking for a story. An intriguing one at that. For that, it was really meh. Try Jersey Boys. Now THAT'S dynamite.
4	Very well done version of the touring show. The singing was excellent--the variety of songs were really incredible. You can't help but tap your feet, clap your hands and sing along. This one-act show has no set changes and is an examination of one night in the lives of Elvis, Jerry Lee Lewis, Johnny Cash, and Carl Perkins as they collaborated in the old Sun Studios together with their old manager before each of them exploded into musical phenoms. It's a simple show with classic tunes, superb singing, and live instrument playing. With so many shows over doing it with distracting glitz and set changes, the simplicity of Million Dollar Quartet is downright endearing. You catch your breath when they show the original photograph from the actual night the show is about and see the real Elvis, Killer, Cash, and Perkins playing together. It's truly a glimpse into a historical moment in music and one you will not regret seeing. Definitely worth the price of admission!
4	Good music. Good story. Good show.
4	I got a message from a member of the cast telling me I was wrong about my comments of the actors not playing their guitars.  The cast member told me it was not correct to state the men faked playing their guitars and let me know that all of the cast play their guitars.Because of this new information, I would upgrade the show to four stars from my previous review.  It is a good show!
5	Take the delorian back in time to a really special moment in history when the greats all came together.  If you love the music of Cash, Presley, Lewis and the under appreciated Perkins then you are going to love this show.  The show was fast paced and fun from beginning to end.  It really felt like the audience was a part of the moment.   The show is really about the owner of sun records Sam Phillips and how he single handed brought together this rag tag band of misfits and pulled their individual greatness out of all of them.  He saw some kind of light in them that nobody else did and he let that sun shine.  The break out performances here come from Marc Donovan who plays Sam Phillips and the actor who play Jerry Lee Lewis.  Donovan plays Phillips in a narrative role that controls the pace of the show.  He plays the part like a fatherly mentor that truly cares about the welfare of his "children."  You can really see the emotion that transcends the dollar signs when his children leave the nest.  Jerry lee Lewis is played like the child who needs to be put on Ritalin.  He is a hyperactive genius that can't contain himself. He is certainly the most fun to watch and I'm sure after playing two shows in row is ready to pass out by nights end.  The most amazing part of the show is the talent this cast has because they play their own instruments and most of them play extremely well.  Jerry lee Lewis and his piano work was unbelievable to watch.  Perkins guitar work was a real stand out. I loved it when he and Lewis would battle each other like two brothers trying to top one another in front of an onlooking parent. This show is a must see shooting under the radar out here in Vegas.  Got get your tickets!!
5	Great show even  if you ate not a fan of Elvis Johnny Cash Carl Perkins Ot Jerry lee Lewis. It's A must see. They are curently running a 2 for 1 locals special.
5	Great show. At the start they let you know the performances are real. I definitely got more than I expected. All of the actors/musicians were very talented and were credible in their parts. I don't know how real the story of that session was but it was interesting enough. My favorite was Jerry Lee Lewis, energetic and love the piano work.
4	Martin Kaye.Martin Kaye motherfuckers! This show is about the music. Question #1: Do you like live music? No?If the answer is no, why are you still reading? Why even contemplate attendance to this show? Get outta here. Go play some slots or something. This brand of tomfuckery reminds me of the far-fringe, socially conservative assholes that go to Absinthe and are indigent with the crass-style comedy. Absinthe has vulgar comedy, Million Dollar Quartet has live music performed on stage; get over it or leave.I have heard this performed from as close as the second row and as far back as the booths. I have sat at a table (Note: lines-of-sight become terrible when one is seated at a table with two others in front, and so will your neck). I have yet to sit on the floor, but I would for this show. That is all. - E
5	This show is a must see! Amazing performance I was truly impressed by the very talented cast! There singing was phenomenal! Its like going back in time... I definitely recommend this to anyone who loves the rock n roll era!
5	This was a great show for the price, we got our tickets at tickets for tonight for about half off... If you are a fan of Johnny Cash (me!!!!), Carl Perkins, Elvis Presley, Jerry Lee Lewis, this is definitely worth your time to go see, the actors do great impressions, and their singing, playing ability are quite impressive.  You really feel like you are at Sun Studios in Memphis on the day they were all together.. Recommend!!!!
5	We have been going to Las Vegas for 20 years and have seen hundreds of top shows. There are so many great shows, but this one really took our breath away. History and music together, the performers were top notch. We loved it! Everyone walked out saying Holy S%$#!! That was a great show!!Check out the reviews, the showtimes, and what it's about, and then get in as close as you can afford - you won't be sorry.Visited December 2013
5	This thoroughly entertaining show performed by a wonderfully talented cast had me dancing in my seat. A nice bonus was Harrah's showroom's new theater-style seating up front. A great improvement since my last visit to this space. Instead of sitting in uncomfortable chairs wedged around crammed-in tables, watching the show at a slight angle, my party was facing forward, in comfy seats, with a great view of the stage.
4	A charming and delightful cast puts on an excellent show full of energy, beautiful voices and laughs.  While my group ( mid 20's & early 30 year olds) were the youngest in the crowd, we still enjoyed the musical stylings of Cash, Perkins, Elvis and Jerry Lee.  I would say it's a perfect show for anyone who grew up listening to those artist, or anyone who appreciates just a good show in general.
5	I have seen this production twice at Harrah's.  It is truly fantastic. I would highly recommend seeing the show.
4	Two friends said I had to see this.  It was the best show in Vegas.  One friend had already seen in 3 times (note, we all get free tickets).I'm glad I went, but I don't think it topped Human Nature (and I'm not a Motown or boy-band fan).What's good about the show?  6 musicians (the 4 leads plus bass and drums) playing and singing live.  Go see that!What's wrong with the show?  To create a story line, they don't always finish songs which is annoying.  Also, there's characters doing asides to move the plot forward.  The plot feels contrived, and is unnecessary.  And it slows the show down.Yes, the Jerry Lee Lewis performer does steal the show, but the show is written with that in mind.  The musician playing Carl Perkins held his own, playing a solid guitar.The addition of the female character was smart, adding a nice contrast in voice and view to the show.It's simple: if you like live music, it's a very good show once you get around the forced dialog.
4	I won tickets to see this production with my mom and I am so happy that we went. The venue and music made me feel like I was "back in the day." I highly encourage anyone to see this show if they are a fan of the classic men representing the quartet in this production.
4	Good show.  Great history lesson.  Actors play their parts so well.  Loved the Johnny cash singer.  Small showroom but sound carries well throughout
5	I saw the billboard for this show on the way into Vegas on a family trip and yelled to my parents "OH MY GOD WE HAVE TO GO SEE JERRY LEE!"  Also a fan of Cash, Presley, and Perkins, so it was like a dream show for me.  This show is FREAKING AMAZING.  I'm 31, a woman, and I enjoyed it just as much as my father who is in his early 70s (as were most of the people in the audience, it seems).  The musicians are mind-blowingly talented, better at their craft than I'll ever be at anything in my life.  I liked the show aspect of it and I learned a lot about the history of Sun Records, which was very interesting because I like to pretend I'm living in the '50s anyway.  If you like this kind of music then you will love the live show.  Go check it out.  It is SO GOOD, you guys.
5	Instead of bar hopping in Vegas, we decided to show hop during the last day of our visit to Vegas and this was our last show. I loved it!!  My husband is a musician and I love old school music. The music and talent makes this show my favorite musical in Vegas. I felt that I was in 1956 watching the recording session live.  The shows ends with everyone getting up and dancing (my favorite part).
5	A friend at work had some extra tickets to this show.  We have never heard of this show, but when we heard about Elvis and Johnny Cash being in it, we had to go!This show did not disappoint!  Johnny Cash was the highlight to this on this show.  I was very entertained.  I was also amused that the whole showroom was pretty much required to get up and dance to their closing numbers.Quite a treat for a few hours of our time.The usher for the showroom and lady taking drink orders was very good at what they do.If I was offered tickets to this show again, I would definitely go again!
5	Fantastic show. Did not disappoint. Well scripted and awesome musicians. Really pleased we decided to go. Loads of other choices but thought the music would be good. Professionally produced. Great entertainment.
