5	I bought a 1985 Corvette that needed work. My granddaughter recommended these folks just 1 mile from my Mesa office, so I went there. They did $2000 worth of repairs and then delivered the car to my office. They explained every item in detail for me, told me the cost of it all and then I ordered the work done.A brake booster they installed turned out to be defective and when I brought it back about 10 days later, they ordered a new one immediately and installed it NOW. Delivered my car to me in 3 hours. Of course, no charge for that!WOW--Way more than I expected and I endorse their work whole heartedly. Besides that, they are really nice guys!You will be their customer for life--they are that concerned about their work.Bob StephensLocated on Southern on the corner of Horne--between Mesa Dr. and Stapley. Call 480-464-8155 and talk to Steve or Dale.
1	I have a 2003 Honda Accord and recently the Engine Light came on, I took it down to a local oil, lube and tire shop, Gunnel's Tires, which we frequent because of their outstanding customer service and attention to detail. Gunnel's recommended Kelly's Automotive, so we called and made an appointment to have it taken in.My wife took the car in on a Tuesday and was at the location at 8 am sharp, ready for our "appointment" only to find out that, in the words of the attendant, "Oh, well we just had a bunch of cars come in. Can you leave it till Thursday?"What is the point in making an appointment if the establishment you made the appointment with doesn't keep it?! I feel that Kelly's Automotive was extremely unprofessional in regards to this and I personally will not ever "try" them again. The worst part is when service-based companies have no respect for their "customers" time. AVOID these guys at all cost... Unless you want to leave your car for a week or more.
5	I've been using Kelly Automotive for almost 2 years.  The guys are honest, dependable, quick and back their work with the best guarantee around: their word.  I highly recommend Kelly, Dale, Steve and all the guys for any of your automotive repair needs, from classic vehicles to new.  My cars won't be going anywhere else. Thanks, Kelly and crew!
5	Great guys, very honest I never felt pressured when it came to the recommended service on my truck. They also offer a 2 year 24k mile warranty on their work.
5	I've taken my vehicles to Kelly Automotive for over a year now and couldn't be happier. These guys know what they are doing and have even been able to take care of my more "creative" auto issues. Most important, they are honest so you feel that you paid a fair price for the exact work done. They aren't the cheapest (which is good) and they aren't the most expensive. Highly recommend Kelly and his group.
5	I have taken my cars here for years. They have serviced everything with honesty and efficiency. I trust these guys with my cars and know they are giving me the true price and best part. Thank you!
5	We take all of our vehicles from our company there they do great work always satisfied totally trustworthy
