2	Even though there are not that many places to shop here in champaign (well, at least I think so) this is alllllright.The previous reviewer is so right about the quality of the clothes. As soon as I get home, a button falls off. So annoying. Why do i keep coming back? I have no freaking clue.I once showed one of the girls that works there that my jacket buttons have all fallen off and I asked her if she has noticed that with the clothes there. "Like, no, I've, like totally never seen that before"...and then I said "then why does all the clothes on the SALE rack have no buttons or busted zippers??"...mhmhmmmmm??? "That is weird..."Another gripe is as soon as I get into the dressing room (after they take my purse, sweet jeebus) they knock on the door asking me if everything is okay!!! ...I just GOT IN THERE!!! LEAVE ME ALONE!!! Next time i should walk out in my underoos and go "I don't know what do you think? Does it , like, make my butt look big?? OMG"This place sucks, but where else can we shop here in town?? Oh yeah, Urban Outfitters is opening soon. Maybe Pitaya should work on these things, so they dont lose business. Or go out of business.
2	For the quality of Pitaya's clothes, they really shouldn't charge that much. The sale rack usually sucks as well because most likely they won't have your size. It's a close place to shop (cough window shop), but I don't really recommend buying anything unless the quality doesn't suck, which is unlikely. They also overprice the accessories. Pitaya needs a wake-up call because they are not Forever 21.
3	Okay Pitaya, I have to give you credit where credit's due: You've improved a lot over the past year.  When I first arrived at UIUC in fall 2008, Pitaya was like Forever 21's ugly step-sister: Same cheap (-ly made, that is) clothes, without the benefit of Forever 21's (occasional) cuteness or decent prices.  The low point came at the end of last school year when I walked in and there wasn't a single "small" sized item in the store (their reason was that "those don't sell.")  Right.  Give me one more reason not to come back.  This fall though, I was drawn back in by an adorable (adorable?  At PITAYA??) flirty little red dress on the window mannequin, and I noticed they're carrying different brands now and the clothes are much much nicer, in terms of both quality and style (and yes, they once again do carry small sizes).  Prices are decent as well, with a dress running about $32-35.  They also only get a few of each item, so the chances of you running into someone else wearing the same thing are low (ie there is no more adorable flirty little red dress...because I bought the last one puahaha! =P)
2	This is the place to go to if you are out with your friends looking for cheap going out clothes. They know their market they have good items at great prices- which is exactly what the girls who shop there are looking for.With that said- i was not pleased with my experience. The merchandise is cheap- but you get what you pay for- but there were also no small sizes. I'm a xsmall or small depending and there was nothing for me to even try on, everything was a size large. Also, I was shocked that while me and about 5 other girls were in there shopping the two sales girls were in the fitting rooms trying things on! I'm sorry but you need to help your shoppers- not yourself. you do that once you close or before your open but not while your on the clock.Their accessories were cute- $8 sunglasses were pretty great, but i couldnt get myself to buy anything. I didnt want to help them if they werent going to help me.
3	Currently closed courtesy of the Green St. fire =(  Here's to hoping it comes back!!
