5	Simply the best sandwich you will ever eat.  This place GETS it.  Customer service that remembers your name and your selection.  It's not uncommon for them to ask where your missing lunch mates are if they don't show up.The sandwich secret is the incredible mayo/mustards they put on them chilo mayo or dijon mustard to DIE for.  Add to that the PERFECTLY toast bread and you are in heaven.To add something special they have great hand made fresh fruit smoothies.  Not this Jamba Juice crap, but real home made goodness.  You are hand presented a jumbo straw out of the coolest serving container.  You will remember your visit to Coffee Island.I don't know if their coffee is any good, but I suspect that it is.  I often ask why its not called Sandwich Island though.
5	I was really surprised at this little local place.  I don't drink coffee so when friends mentioned it as a lunch place I kind of didn't want to go, but I'm sure glad I did.The food was very fresh and very good, sandwiches mostly that I noticed.  No fountain drinks, only cans of soda and bottles of other stuff.Their smoothies rocked too!
5	Went here for lunch today and I was very impressed. I tagged long with some others who go here very often, and I ordered the Southwest Sandwich. I don't think I've had that good of sandwich before. The best part was definitely the chili mayo they had on it, but the whole sandwich was absolutely delicious.Not to mention, the guy who I believe is the owner, was very nice and friendly. Great service, great food.
5	fantastic coffee and sandwich shop, great atmosphere, excellent service, a little slow but well worth it for their incredible toasted sandwhiches!
1	Sorry to disagree with all the gangplank boys, but.... well.... I strongly disagree. Chuck and I stopped at Coffee Island on our way to Gangplank this afternoon and I really wish I would have just spent 3 minutes making sandwiches at home and saved us the $13. I had the Ham & Swiss, Chuck had the Southwest Sandwich, and I could have EASILY made the same sandwiches at home for a fraction of the cost. . The sandwiches were good, but not amazing. Our beverages were 2 cans of pop- Diet Coke and Dr Pepper. Whoa!... Turns out those are both found in my refrigerator as well! And, had to pick a chunk of mold off of my breadNext time, I'll definitely choose cooking myself over throwing money down the drain at Coffee Island. Although, on the upside, the 2 people working there were extremely nice, bringing out extra dill pickles, and stirring up some conversation (in the 10 minutes it took to make a frickin' sandwich).
3	3 stars for A-OK is spot on for Coffee Island.  My cafe mocha was not bad, not outstanding.The person making the coffee was painstakingly slow.  In the time it took him to make a mocha and a cappuccino his fellow employee went in the back and made a tasty croissant sandwich with fluffy egg, lots of cheese and some bacon.  Did I mention they make pretty good sandwiches?Unfortunately (for Coffee Island) the guy behind me was pretty irritated that it took like 10 minutes to get his coffee when they were not busy...just very slow making espresso drinks.I will definitely give Coffee Island another try.  Hopefully the new barista will develop some kind of routine or something.  He should go watch the folks at the two Coffee Rush locations...fastest  coffee guys in the west!
5	I feel ashamed I never dropped in here sooner. It's a local small business with a small-town style of service. Beats out Starbucks in quality of coffee and service. I'll be a regular here. Can't beat the free wifi, either. Choke on that, Starbucks!
3	I was not impressed with the brewed coffee, having come from a pump and tasted a little week. But the ambiance is really nice, the staff friendly and this place will certanly be with revisiting. Love the independent coffee shops!
