4	Clean place, friendly staff. The only negative thing I can say about the place is they typically have 1-2 printers down.
5	Clean, nice staff.
4	WHEN YOU NEED A PRINTER, SCANNER OR COPIER THE RIGHT PLACE TO GOI needed to get some items printed, copied and scanned and having this place to go to was great.I able to get all that I needed to get accomplished in a short amount of time and the staff working there was very helpful.  I also used their shipping services to send out some federal express packages,  standard overnight.  I am glad that this office is here to help me fill my needs while I wait for my home printer to be shipped.
5	I have touch screen issues. Seriously, the danged things just don't see me. When I walked into the store and found that I had to use a touch screen to upload and print my files, I nearly broke into tears. Being the trouper that I am, I plugged in my flash drive and gave it a shot, with predictably disastrous results. After 10 minutes, I had one printout, four charges to my debit card, and was back at the beginning menu - again. No amount of stabbing at the stupid little screen could get it to cooperate with my intent.I don't like to give up, but I know when I'm licked.I unplugged, and went up to the front desk where I was met with a very nice man whose name I didn't catch. I told him of my plight, and he was happy to help a damsel in distress. He tried to print the files for me, but had color issues and ended up having to call his manager.Jesse, the manager, was very courteous and extremely helpful. He got everything printed (and a few things reprinted) and adjusted the cost so it reflected the mishap with the touch screen. I will be back, and I will not subject myself to the evils of those touch screens again.
3	I usually come in here about once a week.  They have free wi-fi but if you want to print from your computer you have to pay to use their "lap-net" which is a big pain.  I recommend using a flash drive and their self service print/copy stations.  They are faster and cost less.  Even then it is hit or miss.  The printer/copy machines tend to have issues.  Employees are not very helpful.  I like that next to the print/copy stations they have staples, paper clips, etc.  Pretty much anything you might need.    Update:  I come to this location at least once a week to print out school related papers for my son.  Customer service is just getting worse and worse. My last visit I went through the whole self print process and my job didn't print.  I could tell it all went through and finished because I have done it so many times.  I went to the front and asked for assistance.  The man helping me Alton was very unpleasant.  He was not at all helpful and seemed annoyed that I needed help.  I explained to him that my job didn't print and he acted like I was lying.  I told him that it said paper low and he assured me it didn't need paper.  I asked if he could check the machine and see the last job or if anything was pending and he said there was no way to do that.  These are pretty fancy machines, I would think you could check past jobs.  I mean we have a piece of shit at work and you can do that.  He suggested that I just try and print it again.  I told him well my card was already charged.  It was only $1 but what if it doesn't work again?  Finally he said he could print it at the front but he would need to check my card to make sure I was charged for it.  He is so sure that I didn't pay the $1 it was funny.  So he goes to the front and I give him my usb.  He asks the name of the file, I tell him, he asks again.  There is only one thing on the usb, the file I need to print. He prints the file and then asks for my debit card which he scans and gives back to me without a word.  I ask did it charge my card and he just gives me a small nod.  Like really? You can't say yes?  So I take my papers and leave.  I am halfway to the door when he yells "Hey you want your usb?"  The way he said it was so rude.  Like of course I want my usb.  After I left I realized I forgot to staple the papers and went back in.  What was Alton doing?  Putting paper in the original machine and then pushing buttons on the machine, which I am assuming was canceling my print job that he said there was no way to check on.  It was funny to see him notice me come back in and then try and avoid eye contact with me.
5	Walked in and needed help with postcards. Jesse was very helpful, knowledgeable and quick! He helped me with my order and got me out of there. I am always impressed when I go to this location and although Jesse was working the later hours when I went there, I also have just as great of an experience when I go during the day, with the rest of the employees. I don't go anywhere else for my printing needs.If you get Jesse or Tyler (usually during the day) you have struck gold. They must hold their employees to a high standard here because I am always impressed.
5	they will ship over 75 up to 150lbs .... most employees there are there to help u the coustomer
2	Lady at the counter refused to take my phone number to notify me when my package was in. She stated that she had no place to keep my number while standing in front of a COMPUTER! I went outside and called the 800 number and they informed me that  taking my number at the store should have been no problem. Next time I will try the UPS store across the street.
