4	Girls day out with one of my besties in her neighborhood we opted for K Luxury for our nails. I got a gel french manicure and she got a full set and wanted the pearlized tips. There was a language barrier and finally after several explanations that my friend did not want white tips  we finally got the pearlized ones out of her drawer! The guy who did my mani was good. He was happy and joking and quick.. Most importantly, he listened and did not speak too much of the native language to his colleagues. I hate that! It's also rude. How many nail salons do you go to and they speak their language with each other and always chuckle ... then you are left wondering if they are talking about the blonde ones ugly nails! The girl who did my friends mani and gel set was not so nice. Neither of us like the long nail/arcrylic 'look' .. we are flight attendants and it looks yucky when a flight attendant is serving with these giant long colored claws. I only have arcrylics on to hinder the amount of time I have to spend on my  nails due to flying. I get them short and my friend could NOT get this across to Miss Zero Personality no matter how many times she had to say, 'shorter please'. Nonetheless, decent prices. Good overall service. No cuts to the cuticles, (OUCH!) and we were in and out of there in about 50 minutes. They have a huge color selection of gels to choose from.
1	I have been here a few times and have always had mediocre service but tried to give them the benefit of the doubt.  So last Saturday I had a pedi and gel mani and they did a horrible job, my nails weren't painted all the way and were bumpy.  I think I could of did a better job but I complained and they told me to come back and they would fix them for free.  So I came back after work on Monday and they said to come back Tuesday because they didn't have anyone to do gel.  I came back Tuesday and they "fixed" my nails but they were worse than before.  I would never go back again and I guess I got what I paid for.  Hope this helps some gals before they choose this place.
1	Horrible service. The lady kept disappearing. Asked for gel polish and she didn't understand and was going to do a full gel set. Didn't explain anything properly. Would not go again. And definitely would not recommend for anyone else to go.
2	The last time I was here , I felt things had gone way south from my earlier review. My nails were not good and I had to return to have them fixed and waited for 30 for that! My feet were still rough after my pedi and I could not get my point across to save my life. Now on the search for a great nail place near my boyfriends home. Just can't seem to find one in Phoenix..
2	This place sucks. Never going back. The pedicure was just ok, nothing special. I got a gel polish manicure and she would be working on one hand and then go work on a manicure for somewhere else amd then come back and work on the other and this continued until she was done. I was getting irritated. Then she didn't want to paint my nails because they only had two lights and they were both being used so I had to wait more. I asked if her she could wax my eyebrows while we were waiting and she agreed but felt like it took her 20 mins to wax my eyebrows. She was sooo slow. Finally finished up but I was in there for over 2 hours and I will never go back.
4	I think having the men that work there doing my gel mani and AMAZING pedi is what made me satisfied. I've had the ladies do their work for me but it did feel bumpy and the top wasn't as smooth or shiny as they should have been. I thought it was fairly priced for the quality I got. $20 for a gel mani, $18 for an awesome pedicure with hot towels and rocks, sea salt for an extra 5, yup! I can say I'm definitely going back in another 2 weeks to get my gel refill!
1	I won't be back. The people who work here are not friendly, but more importantly the mani-pedis are just not any better than I could do myself. They don't offer artwork, which I generally get when I have a pedi. I also felt like the salon was dirty. I took my daughter and they took the toe separators out before the polish was dry and I had to ask them first to remove the polish that got on her other toe and then ask them to put another coat of clear polish on the messed up toe.  Definitely made the wrong choice of salons this time and I won't make that mistake again!
1	This place sucked. We had an appointment and no one was at the front desk. When we looked over trying to get someone's attention they looked up at us but went back to work. That was ride and unprofessional. Not going back.
4	Nancy did my toes on 09/06/2014.  I did the Relax pedicure and did gel. Nobody really seemed excited to see a new customer when I came in,  and the gel examples were on full size fake nails which usually they aren't so I had to ask them twice to show me where the examples were. I was seated quickly and given time to soak - the chairs massage and recline which is nice. Nancy showed me the sheet to choose a pedicure from and I chose the Relax pedicure which included sugar scrub, paraffin wax, hot stone massage, and hot towel. Probably didn't need all that hot stuff and paraffin would have been fine but live and learn. All of the additional services like sugar scrub and wax can be added on for $5 each if you don't do a package.Nancy was very nice and did a wonderful job on my toes. Nobody else really acknowledged my presence so I can't speak to how friendly everyone is, but ask for Nancy. She was great.
4	I had a VERY difficult time finding someone who did a great job with gel nail polish. It always peeled or chipped just after a week or so. My cousin brought me here as my birthday gift. I met Nancy and she was god sent! lol this is my second gel manicure that I've gotten from her and I'm very pleased. I won't go anywhere else for my gel manicures. I also get my pedicures here. I don't have any complaints.
4	I've been getting my nails done at this salon for a few months now. I absolutely love Nancy! She is the best... always does an amazing job. She does all my gel mani's & pedi's. She always creates a cool design on my nails. I ask her to do her thing and she comes up with a cute new creation. I've not been disappointed once.  I always enjoy sitting, talking and laughing with her when she does my nails. Plus I always get compliments on my nails, so I know they look good! I recommend her to everyone.
1	I will NEVER come back here again. This place is right next to my house and I've come here once before, the first time it was okay.... But this time was a disaster. I normally go to a nail place in paradise valley but today I didn't have time to go all the way down there so I decided to try this place again. I came in and asked if they would be able to take me now or if I should come back later, because I was in a hurry. The lady told me to take a seat because someone was just finishing up.. I said okay great and took a seat. Five minutes later, one lady put my hands in acetone and told me to let them soak, so I did. 10 minutes later another costumer walks in and the lady who was supposed to do my nails finishes and STARTS DOING THIS LADYS NAILS!! And I know she didn't have an appointment because it can't make one on weekends. Anyways long story short I'm sitting there for 30 minutes soaking my hands in acetone and ask will someone be able to help me soon or should I leave? The lady looks at me and says you can go if you want to.... so I picked up my stuff and walked out..Needless to say I wont be coming back here. I wouldn't even give it one start but I have to...I don't recommend this place to anyone..
3	Got an eyebrow wax by Kim, service was quick. Not bad for my first time.  The only thing is I like when people introduce themselves and make sure your comfortable.  Go if you like quick and no talking
1	Me and my 2 daughters went early Sun to get mani/pedi.  The lady that did my mani/pedi was extremely rough.  She filed my cuticles.  I stopped her several times and told her she was too rough with the filing.  Then she nip me 3 times with the nippers.  Also she began a pedicure in between gel coats and I had to tell her to remove gloves from handling another ladies feet.  Why I stayed I dont know because this was far from a relaxing experience.  The next morning my cuticles were extremly sore and swollen.  I contacted the manager Kim when they opened.  Her answer to my discomfort was well nobody said anything.   I said well I'm saying something now.  I did ask for a refund of my manicure.  She said no we dont give refunds or nothing for that.   You already paid.  Last time they will get a dime from me or my girls!
