2	Having tired of spending copious amounts of money on food during our stay in Las Vegas, my friends and I decided to take a walk and try to find something a bit cheaper , eventually ending up in a food court within Caesar's Palace. Although two of my friends had their eyes set on Chinese food, I was drawn into Lobster Chowder Company and their menu of fried seafood goodness.Although their menu at first appeared to be decently priced, I soon realized that by the time you ordered a drink, a meal quickly shot from $11 to $17, talk about an outrageous price for a fountain drink. Being hungry however, and seeing that my friends had already ordered, I decided to bite the bullet and oder, picking their fish and chips. After receiving my food, I was pleasantly surprised to find that I at least received a hearty helping, and that the food was freshly prepared, something I did not expect. However, even the surprising quality of the food cannot make me bump my review of Lobster Chowder Company past two stars. This restaurant is simply too expensive for what you get. This, coupled with the fact that they take absolutely forever to get you your order,
1	Long wait for substandard overpriced food.  Saved a lunch just to try them out, particularly their lobster roll.  The lobster roll is served on a buttered brioche bread, not a roll, which just doesn't taste right and is horrible.  The lobster meat is chopped into tiny pieces with copious amounts of mayonnaise and celery, to the point that there is no lobster flavor and definitely no texture.  The bread is coated with butter and pan fried which produces an oily, sloppy mess.  It's a failure sandwich of disappointment.Also tried the lobster chowder in the bread bowl, which was ok but way overpriced for the little amount you get.  My friend ordered the shrimp po boy, which was bad as well.  The shrimp was battered and deep fried then served on a hot dog roll and not good at all.  Why they refused to serve the lobster salad on the bread roll I'll never know (we did ask, the chef refused).  The sandwiches come with fries or coleslaw and you can "combo" it for $6 which means add a drink. WTH?  If it comes with fries anyway aren't you just paying $6 for a drink then?  Better strategy would be to go to another spot and order a drink separately since they all come from the same coke fountain anyway.  I ordered a coleslaw because my friend went with fries and got fries anyway.  After the 20 min wait for the food I didn't want to go back and exchange.Bottom line: walk across the street to Planet Hollywood's LobsterMe instead for good lobster roll.
5	So for all you people who love seafood. In Caesars Palace there is this awesome place in the food court... You guessed it the Lobster Chowder Company. The meals are a little pricey but why complain, I mean it is Vegas everything is expensive. My wife, my brother and I ate their fish-n-chips. Probably the best $17.00 a meal I ever spent. The fish was crispy golden brown on the outside tender fleshy on the inside and seasoned to perfection, their homemade tartar sauce was amazing. Fish came with a side of fries and just like the fish perfect not flimsy or soggy like you would find in other places. We also tried the Clam Chowder, WOW! Huge chunks of Clams and potatoes creamy goodness served in a perfectly baked and hollowed bread bowl. So if you are ever in the Caesars Palace and you are not sure what you might want to try, check out the Lobster Chowder Company. 2 Thumbs Way Up!!!
2	My family and I came to this food court to grab a quick bite while waiting for Bachannal buffet.  We were starving by the time we arrived and wanted to grab a quick bite while waiting in line for the buffet.  The longest wait ever....staff is slooooooooow and food is expensive, but then again that's vegas! Fries are dry, not good at all.  Chicken tenders are surprisingly moist inside and pretty good. The hot sauce is comes with is very spicy and pretty good.  I would still say go somewhere else for a quick fast food.
1	Quick Review:- Located in Ceasers Palace food court- Super expensive- The clam chowder is very mediocre tasting and they forgot my order which resulted in me standing there for at least 20 minutes staring stupidly at the lady who works thereWould've gone to the buffet instead but the line was too long.  NEVER AGAIN!
4	The lobster chowder was really very good. For 10.95, you get a large portion, enough for two to share. I ate most of it myself and was full for most of the day. Be sure to use your total rewards card to get a dollar off. They sometimes runout of bread bowls, so go early. This chowder should be had in a bread bowl.
3	We originally had planned to try the new bacchanal buffet at Caesar's for brunch, but once we saw the line and how slowly it moved, we decided to ditch the idea.We wandered over to the food court. Being that I have been eating clam chowder regularly (not sure why I always have cravings for it nowadays), it was an easy choice for me to want to try the Lobster Chowder Company. As one would expect, it wasn't cheap. But hey, do you really think Vegas would offer anything at a low price?? It was still probably cheaper than the clam chowder you get at the outdoor window at Disneyland, if that's any consolation.We ordered both the lobster corn chowder and the clam chowder. Both tasted decent and standard -- nothing amazing but it wasn't bad either. I personally thought the clam chowder was better, though it did taste pretty similar to the lobster chowder. The bread bowls were pretty small though compared to bread bowls I've had at other places. However, this is not to say that the portions were tiny -- one bread bowl left me pretty full!  We also ordered a portion of french fries, which turned out to be the crinkly cut kind and boy do they give you a LOT. Volume-wise, the amount of fries was larger than a bread bowl of soup.We were so pleasantly surprised on how friendly the staff was. They came around table to table asking how we were doing and if we needed anything else. They brought around napkins and toothpicks, without being requested, too! Awesome service, I'd say!
4	I got the lobster clam chowder. It had whole pieces of huge lobster! It can be pricey but if you have a total rewards card it's a dollar off. It's in the ceasars palace food court. Its pretty good but not omg good. Nothing fancy just a quick meal before gambling and losing more money. It's vegas!
1	I wish I read the Yelp reviews before this huge mistake. Like others, I decided to have lunch at Caesars buffet. The line was long and never moved. Since I hungry and didn't have all day, I decided to try the Lobster Chowder Company that I noticed during my last trip.Hugely disappointing and very expensive for what you get. I went with the lobster roll with fries. I really don't like fries but they were the only edible thing in my cardboard basket.The lobster "salad" was slop. It was a huge slice of bread with a wet disgusting filling. It might have tasted like lobster but the white filling was soggy and inedible. I hightailed it back to Bellagio and treated myself to the chocolate eclair at Jean Phillipe.
2	I dont know why this place is called the Lobster Chowder Company.  They had neither Lobster Nor Lobster Chowder on the menu.  What they did have was Clam Chowder, Fried Clams, other fried fish options, shrimp salad options and po'boys.  We opted for the Clam Chowder and fried clams.  The cleams come with french fries.  WARNING, as stated in the review for the food court I will write next, the cost of a combo of fries and a fountain drink is $6.00 only  $2 less than the clam meal . T he cost of a drink separately is $4.25a.  More on this later.The clam chowder comes in a cup or a bread bowl.  We opted for a bread bowl.  Unfortunately they precut them early in the day and the one we had had a very stale top. Barely edible and not good for dipping.  Further, they must have scooped the bread out and used it for something else because the top had no soft bread on it at all and the bowl had a deep whole.  Disappointing.   The chowder had large chunks of potatos and clams but lacked flavor.   The saving grace was the fried clams.  They had real large pieces of clams in them, not your typicl empty fried coating you get at most food courts.  They tasted excellent and were fried just the way we like them.  Not rubbery either.The French Fries reminded me of Del Taco's.  Crinkle cut and thick and not too greasy.  Needed salt though, which I guess is good.The tarter sauce was ok and the cocktail sauce was frozen.Not bad in a pinch, but  dont expect a cheap meal in the food court especially with the high price of drinks and sides.
2	After circling the food court several times I decided to settle for this place.  I had the blackened fish with fries and it was so so.  Granted I knew I was going to a marketplace inside a casino I wasn't expecting a 5 star meal, but like I said I settled for what I thought was the best choice for price and value.  Fish was okay, wasn't too dry so that was a plus and you can't really go wrong with fries.  If there was some generic fast food chain here I would have been in line in heartbeat, but didn't work out that way.  Wouldn't come back here again, would much rather head to the strip and pick up something along the main road. PS. Please speed up your menu screens.  I don't need to see the same items on both screens and I don't need to look at the same items for more than 40 seconds.  I takes standing around 2+ minutes just to see all the options before it loops again!
3	If you are craving a lobster roll, despite being in a food court in the middle of the desert, this place works fine.  Of course it is not the best lobster meat ever and it will not remind you of that magical summer you spent on Cape Cod so long ago. It is served on Texas toast drenched with a crispy sheen of butter (which I dig) instead of the traditional split hot dog bun. I thought the salty pile of crinkly fries that came with it tasted fine.  Not my favorite, rosemary dusted pomme frites, but they will do in a pinch. Also they have decent iced tea.
3	Not bad for a food court joint. I had the shrimp po'boy. It was pretty good, but for $10+, I was hoping for a bigger serving. Then I remembered I was at a food court in Las Vegas. Servers were nice, so that's always a plus.
4	Call me a rebel, but even after the bad reviews, I was SO hungry and so over buffets during our vacation that we stopped at the food court anyways. The fiance saw someone else's chicken tenders and they looked really good so we chose the Lobster Chowder Company. I got the clam chowder in the bread bowl - which looks like you get A LOT more than the cup. The bread is nice and soft and I thought the clam chowder was really good too. I hate crummy clam chowder but I definitely enjoyed it. It also helped that the buslady was such a sweetheart and made our visit pleasant. Apparently the bussers serve you ice water.
2	The bread bowl was a bit tough. The lobster chowder tasted alright but was not warm enough.
3	I came here for a quick dinner on my last night in Vegas in Wednesday. All I ordered was fish and chips. I was thinking about ordering another dish to go along with the fish and chips. But the cashier recommended the fish and chips is a big enough portion to satisfy my hunger. The fish had the crispy batter yet the meat was moist. The fries on the other hand were crispy but a little too oily. The cashier was right. After eating the fish and chips I was full. It was a decent dinner and a great alternative if you don't want to go to high end restaurants for dinner.
4	******* BEST TARTAR SAUCE EVER!  Hand down.  Asked the chef how he made it, and its mayo, dill, kosher pickles, cream of tartar, lemon and lime juice.  Probably salt and pepper too.  And then blended so there aren't any huge chunks of pickle.  OMG, so delicious.   I had the lobster roll, which was very nice, but the tartar sauce was the STAR of the meal for sure!!
4	I usually stop by at least once in Vegas. Their Maine lobster sandwich is de-licious. It's so funny b/c in Vegas there are so many great restaurants and this place is right in middle of Caesars Palace food court. Would've never known till I tried it. I am hooked.Tried lobster chowder, it was okay, but honestly the sandwich is worth going here for. Try it if you haven't.
1	Ordered the fish and chips, side and beverage for $20. Service was very good, but the food was not. Super greasy and not sure if the fish was cooked thoroughly. And no tartar sauce. I didn't eat much of my expensive meal, and I might have still been hungry if I hadn't lost my appetite.
5	Duh, it's the Lobster Chowder Company. Most of the reviews I have read talk about everything BUT the lobster chowder. I stumbled across this place in Caesar's food court early one morning before they were open. Was intrigued by the idea of lobster in a food court. Came back some hours later after they opened and tried the lobster chowder in a bread bowl. Absolutely loved it! There were chunks of lobster in it and the chowder was nice and hot. Great fun finishing the bread bowl which was still moist with chowder. This is one of my favorite stops in Caesars now. My girlfriend and I go back every visit.
3	Before leaving Vegas for San Diego, we stopped by Caesar's Palace.  We were thinking of going to a buffet, but it was Sunday and many of the buffets were having Sunday Brunch for like $45 to $55/person.  We ended up at Caesar's and ate lunch at the food court.  I had the Clam Strips and french fries $9.99 ($8.99 if you have a Caesar's rewards card).  The clam strips were slightly overcooked, but were still edible, so I didn't send them back.  I enjoyed my lunch and the french fries were good.  I would eat here again if I'm in a hurry.  Please see my pictures.Xie Xie!
1	I wanted their Maine lobster roll, but they run out so I decided to try the popcorn shrimp ($9.99). All I can say, Popeye's popcorn shrimp taste  better to me.
