5	Best indoor playground I have been to in the LV/Henderson area. Has bouncy house, trampoline, ball pits, train ride, car ride, play kitchen, ball pits, pretend bug table, reading area, shopping carts, bubble machine, slides, 2 comfy couches, an eating area and more. Perfect for my 3 year old. They sell a few snacks/drinks but nothing major. They allow outside food. The owner is very pleasant & the place is immaculate. All the toys are new & in working condition.
5	I can't tell you how excited I was to see that this amazing kids indoor playground finally opened on our side of town.  My son is only 17 months and it's perfect for him.  He absolutely loves it.  I never have to worry about him, everything is safe for toddlers and I can watch him comfortably from their comfy leather couches.  Not only is the place amazing but the owners are just as amazing too.  I always feel so welcomed and comfortable.  It feels like I'm in my own living room playing with my son.  They are all so great with the kids and they are always constantly cleaning the place, keeping it very sanitary!!  I can't say enough great things about this place!!
5	Awesome place! Friendly staff. Reasonable pricing. Clean facility. Perfect amount of toys and playground sets to leave enough room for kids to run around. Even has a bouncy castle. Love it here and my kid loves it even more. Perfect way to let your kids burn off energy without having to deal with the Vegas heat!
5	This place is great! It's new and very clean. The owners are very friendly and actually interact with u and your kids. They have a play yard, ball pit, bounce house w/slide, little trampoline, lots of activities. I'm glad they opened one on this side of town even tho it's a little hard to get to since it's smack in the middle of sunset. Will definitely be coming back
5	Wonderful fun place for kids. Beautiful painting on the walls. Fun toys for kids. I love that they have drop off service available.
5	We got caught in traffic between Vegas and Barstow so decided to stop in Henderson to let our kids play.We found this place on Yelp, and it was amazing!  We have been to many an indoor playplace, and this one was the cleanest and newest with the nicest toys and friendliest staff.There are big comfy couches for grownups.  There is a climbing structure with a slide into the ball pit.  There are vehicles, lots of pretend play areas, a roller coaster...  I could go on and on.  My kids (4 and 1) got straight to it and playing for a couple of hours straight without looking up.  Such good toys.It was so clean!  The toys were so nice!The owner or manager was so friendly and helpful.  She was sweet to our kids, nice and friendly to us, friendly with all of the parents.My only regret is that this place is so far away from us, otherwise we'd be there every week for sure.  Don't miss it!
5	This place is awesome for kids. It is clean, well kept and has a ton of things to do. There are activities for younger babies as well as toddlers and up. It is run by the owners who are very nice, take very good care of it, and make sure every area is always clean and ready to be played in/on. The climbing area is quite large and has its own ball pit that kids can slide or crawl into. There is a trampoline, bounce house, kitchen area, smaller ball pit, jungle gym, and small tables all over with various things for the kids to do. There is also a bubble machine that is turned on sporadically which sprays bubbles into a play area. There is also a small food/ snack area that has great prices. It also has coffee and nice couches for the tired  adults :) Fun place to bring kids!
5	If I could give this place ten stars I definitely would! I'm skeptical about places like this however, it's so hot out that my 19 month old has been trapped inside and this is the perfect solution. However, I just took my daughter and not only did they treat my daughter like a princess but the place was incredibly clean and smells great, which any parent knows that cleanliness is sometimes difficult to find in children's facilities. I did think it was maybe a bit pricey but having been their I definitely would have paid more if necessary. We will definitely be returning!
5	Great fun! There are a few things that set this place apart from others: an indoor "roller coaster", a giant doll house, an assortment of Build A Bear characters with a bunch of outfits to play with, a bouncy house with a slide, a train set with all the pieces, and a huge jungle gym area that parents are allowed in too!  There is also a medium sized trampoline, a kitchen area, ball pit, TV, couches, cars to ride in and a separate area for the very young.  I'm sure I'm leaving some things out!  It is very clean, offered a variety of snacks and the owner was extremely friendly and welcoming. She was either talking to parents, playing with kids or picking up toys. I liked that she positioned toys so kids saw them and wanted to play with them instead of everything looking 'put away'.  My girls are 3 and 1.5 and they had a blast! We had been driving across town to Kids Kingdom, which is also great, but we live on the east side so I am SO happy to have this option. Give it a try, it's right next to the Galaxy Theater off Sunset and Green Valley/Sunset and Mountain Vista. We will absolutely return!!!
5	Awesome Awesome idea!! Get the family out  of the heat and kids had a blast. The place is very kid protected. All if the toys are new and fresh not old/stale. Kids were able to be independent and not have us hovering over them. Definitely coming back!
5	Like all the other reviews say this is just an awesome place for lids. Clean. Fun and a pleasure to be there , check it out first chance you get!
5	This place is great! Lots of fun toys, very clean, and an extremely friendly staff. We will definitely return.
5	This place is wonderful. Super clean and orderly. Plenty of things for the kids to do. The owner was super sweet, and very friendly. This was our first visit and we will definitely be back. Only complaint is that it isn't closer to my house.
5	As the parent of both a 1 & 3 year old, I am always looking for SAFE places to take my children. As a member of Vegas Dads, we have now made our 2nd trek to Giggles N Hugs & I can say all these 5 star reviews are spot on! It also looks like this will be a permanent monthly stop for the Vegas Dads group!There are very few hidden areas. From any spot on the floor, you can find your child & when you have a 1 year old crawler, the 3 year old can disappear in a moment's notice. Don't worry, though, as the owner can spot a worried look & not only points out where your child is, but often by name. Other indoor playgrounds I've been to have been staffed by bored teenagers, not here. The owner, Izabella, is involved in every aspect of the business and like others have said, she makes contact with each and every adult and child throughout their visit. The toys selection is awesome. Everything is kept clean, new looking & in working order. If a distracted toddler moves something from one side of the room to another, no worries, the management is constantly resetting the room. Like an observant waiter, the floor is kept tidy without being overbearing or restrictive. The room is big enough to be adventurous, but cozy enough that one squeak and I can cross the room in seconds. There are also a couple of leather couches, two dining tables with chairs & a tv.Did I mention the bathrooms are spotless?There is...A Thomas the Train motorized riding train on a small circular track.A padded ball pit complete with slide and stepsAn indoor "roller coaster" that speeds into a pile of bean bags (my 3 year old is obsessed)A My 1st trampolineAn inflatable jumper with slideA classic jungle gymA wooden train set on tableA magnetic insect table (sounds weird, but fun to play with)A two-level ball pit, adventure maze, slide (Sliding into the ball pit is a MUST!)A play kitchen areaA giant doll houseA well-stocked bookshelfGiant lego-type blocksA Duplo building tableAn assortment of push toys and ride-alongsAnd a bunch of other stuff we haven't played with yet!
5	We happened upon this place for our two year old and I couldn't be happier. It is clean, organized and ran by an amazing woman named Isabella. She is so patient and loving with the kids. She always addressed our son by his name and he is so comfortable around her. We bought a 15 visit pass and the best thing is that you can come multiple times a day on one pass so that allows us to go home and have him take a nap and come back if he wants.  I hope they stay in business for a long time because we will definitely be regulars!
5	This place is wonderful!!! My husband stumbled upon this place and a few weeks later I did also.  It's always neat.  I have been to other indoor playgrounds and this one is by far my favorite.  If we even drive by my son will say "Giggle mommy, Giggle."  The prices are comparable to other indoor playgrounds and they do have prepay prices, and (i believe, if my memory serves me correctly) monthly prices also.  They have some tables and couches for parents to sit at while their children are playing.
5	Took my 15 month old there yesterday & he loved it! It's a very clean environment. My husband & I loved that there was a wide variety of activities & toys. Highly recommend this place and the price is $12 for an all day pass. Definitely will be returning
5	loved it! We live in Henderson and I normally drive all the way across town to go to Tykes and Tots but now i've found something  close by! Giggles n hugs is clean, safe with tones of toys and the owner (person behind the couters) was SUPER friendly to me and my kids. Nice comfy couches for the parents too!
4	Kids always have a blast. Extremely clean!! Great bonus to have with flu season coming around. Owner is a bit OCD but keeps it clean. Just needs to relax a bit but overall good.  Theu definitely need a bigger eating space since it is only limited to 2 tables
1	My review is about the owner only! I've come here multiple times with my kids. They loved it. The younger lady that works there is great with kids, plays with them and is very friendly. I come back in the afternoon to were the owner is working, with in two seconds is already criticizing my children for taking stuff animals (which they hold the entire time they are here) up in the two store play structure. With out even giving me another sec to get situated, I am 6 month pregnant and sat on the couch to put my socks on, and she's yelling at me for not doing it u the door...  Saying we have to keep the carpets clean, which I get but all I did was set my sandals down while I put my socks on. I would of just left right then for her rudeness.. She could of been nicer or polite but she wasn't. I asked for a refund, but she would only refund 10$ of the 32$ I paid! If your going to run a children's place you might want to learn how to act around hormonal mothers and very small children who make messes!
5	I drive across town to come here because it's worth it. The owners have set strict rules which have made cleanliness and child safety their number one priority. On many occasions I've seen them go into the ball pit and sanitize as many balls as they could before heading onto another task. In addition, this place is always spotless. The set-up is great because it allows the parent to easily spot their child from wherever they're standing. My kids always have a great time here because they feel a sense of independence. I've noticed this is a tough business to survive in but I really hope these guys stick around!
5	the best kid playground in las vegas ! Very safe & clean.
5	This is by far the best indoor playground in town! My daughter and I feel so comfortable here.   The owners are extremely friendly, and the do a great job keeping the facility clean.  The owners are constantly cleaning and picking up after the children; best of all they always have a smile on their faces!  This place is great for me to relax, while my child has a blast.
