5	Meet Victoria.The hostess with the most-ess.Trust you will be charmed.
3	If you're looking to party with students (and hopefully you are a student) Reggie's is a good option, especially if you want to meet Concordia students.I wouldn't say its anything special, but they do have cheap drinks. You can get a small glass on Thursday nights for $1, but they're pretty small...The music is always fun though and it's an even age group which is always a plus if you're looking to mingle.
5	Oh. My god. Yelp? Am I really reviewing Reggies? REGGIES? The place I spent my 5 years in, back in university? I'm overwhelmed, so let me just bullet-point this shiz:- Cheap drinks- Molson Ex, Molson Dry, Molson everything.- Sticky floors, tables.. sticky everything- Super friendly staff- Friendly, smart and good-looking clientele. Because they're mostly all Concordia students.- Huge-ass projector with anything and everything playing. Be it hockey, soccer, Austin Powers..- Decent music, but I don't remember much of it.But you can bring your own iPod and the DJ can hook it up. Maybe. - CROWDED on weekends. - Amazing every day of the week, every hour of the day.- Popcorn!!- LIZARD LOUNGES! - A f-in awesome time.- A place where memories are made.
4	I'll usually tell people I hate Reggies, but it's one of those guilty pleasures that once in a while... you get caught at or dragged to! Yes, I admit it.The staff is friendly, the bar is full of Concordia students and the occasional stray, a projector screen playing random things - be it sports or movies, and a DJ playing music at certain times. If you come here, get ready for a grimey, smelly, sticky night of good fun. The type of fun you may want to forget or pretend never happened, the next day. If you come in the afternoon for a mid-day beer, in-between class beer, or post-exam celebration, that's cool too.In a nutshell: REALLY cheap beer (Thursday nights = $1) everyday.
5	I. Love. Reggie's.Seriously, this is the best place on earth. Well, as a wide-eyed undergraduate student, there was no better place to be.Cheap beer, friendly students, and awesome bartenders combine to make this modest bar into a Concordia institution. Found inside the much-maligned Hall Building, you can drop by any afternoon to see students grabbing a drink while studying for their exams. Drop by later in the evening, and the bar will fill up with students and the occasional professor socializing and enjoying a beer or three. At night, the bar morphs into one of several characters. On Thursdays, it morphs into a nightclub where drunken university students try to attract people of the opposite sex. On every other night of the week, including the open-mic nights held on Wednesdays, it's much more laid back. If noise isn't your thing, part of the Java U is annexed after-hours into Reggie's, allowing you to socialize in peace and quiet.I held my birthday party one year at Reggie's, and it devolved into one of the most memorable nights of my life. The close proximity of everybody in the bar, combined with the friendliness of the crowd, resulted in strangers becoming friends and shenanigans being had. I don't think there's anywhere else in Montreal where you have the same amount of comfort with random bar strangers.I've since graduated from Concordia, and I miss it dearly. Out of all the things I miss about Concordia, Reggie's ranks somewhere near the top. As a Concordia student, nothing else can compare.
3	I love Reggies, just not at night.I love to go on a long break, have a beer, watch Family Feud while getting some readings done at the bar. I just hate the night crowd. Every time I go I seem to be surrounded by a crowd of barely legal first years who come from somewhere that it evidently has a legal drinking age above our own. I'm not talking about all nights, the calm ones are still ok, but their busy nights I find myself wanting to physically assault too many of their customers so think twice about when you want to go.  Messy college nights are fun sometimes, but the people who feed off of this place give me the heebie jeebies. I think a lot has changed since the other reviews were posted (2011-2012). FYI its still closed for renovations at the moment.
