3	Formerly known as Kavanaugh's, PT's now has ownership over this former chain of Irish Pubs and has dubbed all four locations "Sean Patrick's". I was eager to check out the "new" Kavanaugh's. The transition to new ownership is marked by an emphasis on the pub part of the establishment - the former dining area now has a pool table and a brand new shuffle board. Sean Patrick's is less restaurant focused as evidenced by the disappearance of dining tables. The menu has been streamlined and although there are still a few Irish classics, the menu decidedly reflects it's new PT's parent. There's plenty of pizza, wings, and fries to go around.I ordered the Taco Salad and ordered it as a wrap ($9.99). My husband ordered the pretzel bites ($8.99). The food's a bit pricier than I would like for bar food, but everything we ordered was great! The pretzel bites are excellent for sharing - they came on a good size plate with 3 rows. The wrap and fries were plenty enough for 2, and we were both full at meal's end. The total bill for an appetizer and wrap came to around $22 before tip. I'm not sure if the employees were transitioned or replaced with the PT acquisition, but the service could use some improvement. At first it seemed to be a problem of being understaffed, but it soon became apparent the problems ran deeper than that. Our server provided average service (there's a difference between restaurant service and bar service) with our table, and we were fine with that. We did see, however, one customer who was dining in another area walk up to the bar with two empty cokes in hand and wait for refills. Shortly after another guy from the same area walked up to the bar and waited to pay his check. On top of this, the one waitress on duty was sitting at the bar busily chatting with a friend who had walked in. Again, no huge problems with our service but it was clear other customers were unhappy. Bar problems. Where's Jon Taffer? Overall, the grub is good and the service is okay. I'll be back to play some shuffleboard!!
1	Can I give less than 1 star?The worst service you can possibly imagine from the bar staff. Poor ventilation and an all around miserable time. The few people, an I mean few, who actually seem to care about there jobs are highly overshadowed by the majority of people working there that play a favorite or two and let you wait 30 minutes for a drink!Stay away if you actually want to have a drink.
1	This place is terrible! Extremely poor service. Poor ventilation. Dirty tables everywhere! Obviously understaffed and the bartender was the worst I've ever had. She couldn't make a Manhattan and told my Irish father-in-law that the Guiness was "from Las Vegas." It took forever to get our food, which was not up to PT's standards. Kavanaugh's went downhill towards the end, but even at its worst, it was way better than Sean Patrick's! I paid $8 for a cup of watery potato soup...and the potatoes were still crunchy. A drunk foul-mouthed woman also made the experience miserable. This place needs some serious help if they want to stay in business. I know they won't be seeing us again!
1	What bartender tells a paying customer what he/she should and shouldn't drink without me asking. Then when I order a drink and he doesn't approve it. he won't get it for you and let you set there.
2	First time here since becoming Sean Patrick's. An "Irish" bar playing country music. Don't expect to get served quickly unless you're at the bar gambling. Won't be back.
4	Its a PT's is nothing special. Unfortunately looking for a cool Irish bar.
5	Ever since the place changed to Sean Patricks we have had nothing but great experiences. The foods great especially the wings, Jessica and the other bartenders are attentive and quick. Love coming here.
2	Stopped in to watch some football. It was so cold it was terribly uncomfortable to sit there. We ordered food so no choice but to wait for it. The fry bucket was ok (how can you mess up fries). The quesadilla was super bland. The guacamole was horrible.  The worst part was their gambling criteria. Me and my husband both put in $20. Then I put in an additional $20. Only 1 comped beer ..., WHAT!?? Really ?!?!?  I will NEVER gamble there again. What the hell is "handle"?
4	I ate here for the first time last week with a gift certificate I won from the radio. I found out that it used to be Kavanaugh's, but it is now part of the same chain as PT's and Sierra Gold. The menu was pretty similar if not identical to that of PT's and Sierra Gold.I had the buffalo medium chicken wings, and I'd have to give it 2 thumbs up! The wings were super tasty and juicy! They were not dripping with sauce and instead were a little crispy which I absolutely LOVED. I was craving the wings days later and went to PT's and ordered it, thinking it was the same - and it was not! I will definitely go back to Sean Patrick's again just for the wings!
5	I had heard that the Kavanaugh's had been sold and reopened as Sean Patricks, so I stopped into check it out.  I have to tell you, I was pleasantly surprised.  I ordered a steak breakfast and it was excellent.   All the breakfasts are 50% off, so the whole thing, cooked to order was around $6.50.  The coffee is delicious and the service was spectacular.  I was fortuinate enough to get a waitress named Vicky, who I believe should be training wait staff everywhere.  Very friendly and impeccable attention to my well being during the meal.  I have been telling everyone about this place and I normally don't get that excited.
2	Food horrid, service was ok.Even though it was comped from my play at PT's I wouldn't eat here again.I was told that they make everything, yeah right out of a can it was horrible and for 9.00 you can get something out of a can for $0.50 that would taste better at Smith's just down the street.Oh well lesson learned.
