3	I've been hesitant to try nail places here in Vegas (for reasons I won't mention here), but I desperately needed a mani/pedi and after several months, decided to give this place a go -- I'm glad I did!The new owner, Lam, is very kind and welcoming. They bring you water with a slice of orange, which I think is a nice touch for what I call a 'drive thru" nail salon (as opposed to a fancier spa or resort salon).The massage chairs are great -- VERY massagey and they did a nice job on my pedicure. Very tidy, though the massage could really be better. They don't really rub your legs and feet very much, it's quite superficial and weak.  That's really my whole reason for going to get a pedi -- I can paint my own toenails.  So they could improve there.I've gotten 3 gel manicures from them now (they have Shellac as well as another brand). And I loved the mani, though again, they could do a little more in the pampering department (hand massage, scrub, etc).Last time, the place got so busy, Lam was distracted a lot and had to walk away from my manicure several times.  Either he put an extra coat of gel on my nails or just put it on too thick in a hurry, but it was a bit gloopy toward my cuticles and I had to fix it quite a bit when I got home. But the first couple times, it was perfect, so I'll consider that an aberration.  I was also a walk-in, so I couldn't really complain too much, though there were ladies there with appointments that were also waiting a bit, so I think they might need to hire more people for the weekends or not try to take so many people at once and make walk-ins wait.All in all, this is my go-to nail place for now. The staff is very nice, they do a decent job and they're reasonably priced. They just need to work on not spreading themselves too thin and focusing more on each individual, but I think that will improve as they seem to have great intentions.
5	Lam and the ladies working here are super friendly, do a good job, speak English and even when she spoke Vietnamese for a few secs she translated for me :) They even gave us a glass of cool water with a orange slice in it. A few days later i noticed a chip and went in and she fixed it, and re-newed my topcoat free :) Very good service and price. $25 full set w/ white tips / french tip
3	Very nice, little place. The prices are a little high but the service was nice. I got a pedicure and the girl that did it was very sweet and talkative w me and my friends. They give you a cup of water with an orange slice in it, and she took her time with everything.
5	After being a consistent customer for a few months now, I wanted to upgrade my review to 5 stars.  Is it 5 stars like a luxury resort spa? No, but for a small strip-mall nail salon, it's the best I've found in Vegas and the staff there does a wonderful job.Lam and his ladies are fantastic. I love that they really take care with my nails and understand when I get a little picky about them (I'm only human, people).  He knows "how I like it" now and recognizes me every time I come in. I've yet to make an appointment and show up sometimes right when they open, so I appreciate them taking me happily every time.I do still think the massage part of the pedicure could be a *bit* more massage-y -- I'd even pay extra for a longer foot/leg massage, but for a basic pedicure, they do a fabulous job.I really like that they don't try to upsell me on the callous remover every time. I think once, the first time I came in, they suggested I do it and I did (because they were right), but every time since they've just checked and said "You don't need it, you're just dry, no callouses." and they apply some oil and scrub my tootsies.  They could try to squeeze another $5 or whatever, but they don't try to do that, which I appreciate.It's my go-to place and it's not even in my neighborhood -- I have to drive about 5 miles to get to it, but it's worth it. I feel comfortable in that salon and my gel manicures have never looked so great. Thanks, Lam!
5	I'm a frequent customer at this place. Reason #1 is that I live like a mile away and reason #2 is that they are always very friendly and make me feel welcome. Quality of work is great and they take their time. Even if I'm only getting a polish change, they always massage and lotion my hands. Also, they really have been trying to improve the place with new spa chairs and furniture. I remember I went there once before the new owners got the place and it was very dusty and dirty inside. But the new management has turned this place to a nice, clean place.
5	My last visits at this place has been wonderful. The staff is very nice and super friendly.  I think i found my nail place.... i will definitely come back.
5	Tiffany was so nice and professional. She did a great job on my nails and pedi. I really loved that the way they wax didn't hurt like other shops I've been to.  I don't know what product it is but for that reason alone I will return! This is def my new place:)
4	Everyone was extremely nice! Customer service was great..and I loved how they don't treat u like cattle and try to hurry and push u out! They brought me a glass of ice water with an orange in it! Price was ok...but at least u get what u pay for! I'll definitely go back and recommend my friends to go!
5	Finally after about a year (don't judge :/) I got my long awaited, much anticipated,  my feet were sooo elated pedicure!!!  This was my first time here and Julie took care of me! She made me feel welcome and  I really enjoyed her! She did a great job on my deluxe mani/pedi with white tips! $55 after $5 tip! There are less expensive options available, but this was indeed needed!  Highly recommended!
4	I decided to try this salon after my nail girl of 14 years retired! Figured it was 2 mins from my house and why not! OMG I got the best pedi/mani from Julie. My toes have never looked better and it was all for what I would've paid my original girl for just the pedi! I will absolutely be going back!
5	Love Lam &his whole crew! I don't go often but when I do he always ask about my mom and brother that I brought with me the first time I went.
4	I hesitate to write a review on here since I don't want this place getting too busy.  I really like it here.  I go on a regular basis for pedicures and I have had Julie and Tammy work on me.  They always give great service.  I only remember one instance where the pedicure got a bit rough for my taste but I just let Julie know and she backed off a bit.  They are attentive, friendly and the salon is always clean.  I usually pay $20 for a pedicure with a $5 tip but now that Summer is here I think the price for a pedicure is $22.  Still very reasonable.
4	Lam is the one to see at Nu Nails. He is really good with natural looking acrylics, clean gel polish and gets down with designs. He really is an expert and a perfectionist!However I have nothing good to say of the ladies at Nu Nails, they are rude and rough. I have gotten pedicures several times, thinking it would get better. However it never did, pedicures are awful here. Lam needs to train the ladies on painting nails and customer service.
5	Had a great first experience. Walked in around noon and they were super busy. I had a dentist apt so I just went to that first then came to get my nails done after. Walked in and was greeted, pedicure was amazing I've never been anywhere that used a hot stone. It felt awesome. My manicure was exactly how I like it! I don't have any complaints. It was also a lot cheaper then I expected!
1	So we decided to come to this place for 3 pedicures. One of the pedicures was for an 8 year old. It was hot in the building. The water temps were not to our liking (after we asked for it to be adjusted). Our feet were soaking for MORE than an hour. Making all three of us anxious because of how long we waited in the water. Especially the 8 year old. And to top it off. She wasn't the first one to be helped. She's a child! It's hot! One of pedicures just walked out because of how horrible the service was. It's just absolutely horrible service. If I could, I'd give this place negative stars..  Don't go here. Save your money
5	Lam is great! Got a gel mani and he took the time to perfect my nails, even lining my hands up to make sure that my nails all matched the same length. My nails lasted the full two weeks! Very satisfied, will definitely come back.
3	Ok, so let me explain. My experience had the opportunity to be the best pedi I've ever gotten in my life. Price: basic pedi spa was $22 +5 for removerSpa: the chair actually worked and gave a relaxing light massage The shop: clean and quiet The staff: lol here's where it got funny. No they do not talk shit behind your back. My lady made it a point to point out how nasty my feet were. Yeah lady, I know..why do you think I'm here. I needed professional help with my feets! If it was tamable I would have done it my damn self. (She also pulled out a full on cheese grater to do the remover. I laughed so hard out loud. My feet weren't exactly THAT bad)The experience: aside from her point out the obvious, the pedi was pretty good until out of nowhere people started piling into the shop at noon on a Thursday. That's when my very relaxing pedi was extremely rushed. I wish it wasn't rushed  I could have have more stars for my experience.
5	BEST PLACE EVER! I've been going here for 4 years and will never go elsewhere. Lam and his staff are amazing. I often go here with my two young daughters & they are welcomed with open arms. When I don't show up with them, the staff is always asking about them & my mother. If a staff remembers you and your family, you know they are good people. They are always accommodating and do a very great job. I love the hand and arm massage before your nails get touched up. Nu Nails is the best.
4	This place was pretty good. I had some questions about the difference between acrylic, full set gel, and a regular gel manicure. I decided to go ahead and go with the regular gel manicure after my manicurist, Tin(?)/Tem(?), explained what each service entailed. I love it! I definitely would go back if I wasn't leaving town next week. The only reason I didn't give them the full five stars is because one of the things I look forward to in my manicure is the hand massage. I basically just got lotion rubbed on. Other than that, definitely recommend the place!
