4	Two times a year, you can meander down Mill Ave and the adjoining streets to look at an array of art for sale. Everything from jewelry and pop art posters to handmade kitchen utensils, photography and abstract paintings. If you go both in Spring and Winter, you're likely to see a few of the same artists. For the most part, Tempe Arts Festival does a great job of providing variety. Plus, it's fun to wander and look at things you may not have seen before - let alone expected to see at an arts festival. This isn't the most exciting of art festivals. There's really no live music, unless you count the occasional melodies of flutes you hear when you walk by the vendor selling his handmade wooden flutes. I've been three times and enjoyed myself every time. I wasn't wowed. I never saw anything I couldn't live without. But, like I said, this is a fun event to mark on your calender for both Spring and Winter - even if it happens to rain during the festival. I give last Winter's and this Spring's festivals both a 4-star review, for the weather and company were great. It was my first year going, and I was happy to see that Tempe offered the Valley something that appealed to people who really do try and appreciate art. After all, it's a "consumer" type of event, geared toward bringing the community and artists together. I can appreciate that. I give this Winter's festival a 3-star review. The rain didn't phase me. I can deal with a few sprinkles. What bothered me was the mixing of ASU and UofA fans, both groups beginning to gather down on Mill Ave for the football showdown. Don't get me wrong, I love a good sporting event and understand team rivalry. I just thought it was unfortunate that the upcoming game and the fans' excitement took over the relaxed, casual feel that the arts festival usually has - you know, when you can walk down the street and look at art without running into an impromptu cheer section. You see, fans were screaming in the streets - hollering insults to the other team - and waving their school's colors high. (Once again, I understand the fun of that. I just didn't expect it to be all over the streets in the early afternoon. Maybe I'm naive, though.) The fans were a definite distraction from the art festival. Knowing what would happen when alcohol was mixed into the equation, my friend and I decided to bolt. Lucky we did. Seems like Tempe can't handle a few rain droplets, for when we were walking back to the car, a street lamp post nearly fell on our heads. Talk about a commotion. I'd much rather attention be fixed on the art festival rather than any football game or falling lamp posts, no matter how dramatic both of those things can be.I s'pose this echoes the old saying, "There's a time and place for everything."Word to the wise: Parking can be hard to find, or require you to shell out $10 for a spot. If you can, park somewhere closeby that's free of charge and hoof it on foot.
5	There is no better way to do it - eat while walking. You are burning calories AND you also get to sample some seriously good good food.It's only at the Tempe Arts Festival do I go stupid crazy for flavored popcorn and...much to hubby's horror, I've been known to drop down some serious cash from my favorite soap vendor. Hey, a girl's gotta make that stuff last until the next one!The Festival is held twice a year - April and December.This one that I went to today was incredibly more mellow and not as packed as the other ones. I was very surprised. Face painting for the kids, food while I walk, cool things to keep me occupied as well as forcing me to walk more...what more can I ask for?Parking this year was a *breeze*. My friend and I bit the bullet and we forked over $10 for parking that was across the street from Mill Ave. So worth it. Most big events charge $20 for parking. I felt like I was getting a discount!If you've never been to the Tempe Arts Festival, give it a go. It's worth the time and you will have lots of fun.
4	I'm a sucker for craft fairs and this is one of the better ones I've seen. Huge variety of friendly vendors - from affordable to $225 for an embossed leather book cover. And don't get me started on the outdoor garden fountains - just gorgeous! Made me wish I had a house ... and a lot of money ...I parked (free) at the Light Rail station (McClintock & Apache) 3 stops away - didn't want to deal with the traffic and parking being unfamiliar with the area. It was very easy on and off.Only one slightly negative comment - and this may be due to not being familiar with the area, but the layout was very confusing. Even with the brochure helpfully passed out at the beginning. Given how the booths were located, I kept following the side paths and forgetting where I had already been. Next time, I'll try to map it all out first before shopping. I'm picky and didn't intend to buy anything but once I got to the food section, I left with a lot of bags. Amazing flavored pasta, chocolate, caramel and peanut butter hot fudge sauces and dip mixes - all the free samples were like a meal! There is also a specific food area to sit and eat. I highly recommend bringing along a tote bag, or even better a wheeled cart  - they sell folding lightweight ones for laundry at Walmart. That would have prevented currently aching arms and shoulders! I got there at 11 and didn't leave till 3 - much longer than I usually take at fairs.Come prepared for a good time! I'm looking forward to going again in spring!
4	i like these things, for about 45 minutes. then everything starts looking the same. it's always a bummer to realize when i go there i can't really afford to buy anything there. but cool stuff....i especially like the metal work, most of the photgraphs on canvas, and one booth in particular...a japanese artist who won best of mixed media....neat stuff. great weather this year....kettle corn is delicious to browse with!
3	Decades ago when this festival was up and coming, and I lived in Tempe, I would go to this street fair as we called it then two or three times while it was going on. Today I went with a friend. The festival has grown by blocks now. It's pretty big, I think they claim 400 vendors! That has to include the food vendors. I had my fry bread taco. It was super good and $9 bucks. I looked for something to buy but left with nothing. The things I liked most were huge home items and big ticket prices. I saw a few handbags of interest but not within my budget either. It use to be that this festival would have jewelry, matted photography and pottery a college student could afford. That's still my budget this year, unfortunately - but such priced things could not be located here this year. So I'm disappointed with the festival offerings. Parking covered & uncovered was $10 if you could not find free street parking. There wasn't enough ice cream vendors in my opinion but there was plenty of food vendors and the neighboring eateries were also busy and offering variety. The entertainment was very limited. I hope they will seek more entertainment in the future especially since they claim its one of the top 20 street festivals in the country.  Otherwise there isn't much to stick around for unless you have deep pockets or want creative ideas.
3	Just simple...not affordable for a student budget!! Nice to look around and compare who is more creative than who...and of course to snack the dips, balsamic oils, jellies and similar!
5	I can't believe that Yelp has a review for the Festival of the Arts!  The Mrs. and I have been going for years (even before we moved to Tempe) and it's always one of the highlights of the winter and spring seasons.  While most of the items for sale are admittedly expensive you can always look for deals on the last day and we usually score something nice for the house.  The atmosphere is always exciting, friendly and entertaining.  We love that we can walk to Mill Ave. and not have to try and find a parking spot!  Don't miss it if you can.
2	I was really disgusted by one of the vendors there who sold herbal goats cheese products by jar. My husband is shy so usually gets me to ask for the samples.  We both like cheeses and wanted to try some goats cheese as it was different.  I'd never tried dill, the herb.There is no problem with the seller/vendor choosing not to give us both one sample each.  After all, he may not need new customers and that is his call.  He can be as rude as he likes, sure.This seller (vendor) made a point of refusing to give us both one sample.  It is the HOW:He did that by making two samples and slowly eating one of them in front of us.Funny as he found himself to be, this seller contravened all Health Acts.  Had I gotten his name, I would directly be writing to the Health Department/Authorities as well as on YELP.I have personally worked in soup kitchens and delis and have been instructed to wear gloves and not eat in front of others and certainly not eat over the food jar as this man did.  You wonder, how many times as he sat there eating from jars and then served the whitless public these "samples" of his leftovers?Health officials need to pay this man a visit.  His behavior was nothing like the other vendors who had signs against 'double dipping' and tried to make things as hygienic as possible.  With someone like this man, it turns you off Events.
4	We went to the festival yesterday - had an amazing time! We left with some great stuff and enjoyed some treats while we were there. Love this festival & appreciate all the participating artists and their talent. Definitely get out during this beautiful time of year to enjoy the people & the sunshine!
4	I have gone to the festival for the past two years and I went with a few friends to the arts festival last Sunday and it was really nice. This festival is large and has LOTS of vendors ( a lot who sell similar stuff, but then many who sell cool and different things). This is such a fun activity to do on a sunny day like last Sunday, and the place has some really nice items for gifts that will be different than buying some garbage from walmart (I'm looking at you crazy black friday pepper spray lady...). You can sample some interesting foods and drinks, for example, I tried a wine slushy. It was....different. This is definitely an event worth attending.
4	There are a lot of interesting works of arts and crafts on display from people with a variety of taletns. One must-have on your visit is the kettle corn. Make sure to get it from the guys on the corner of 5th (I think) with the tent and huge stirring pot. They are there every year and have the best popcorn.
4	I have a great time every year I go... Love all the beautiful art ... I wish they had better seating for when you want to sit down and eat something from the vendors .
4	This was great--and HUGE! By far, the largest arts festival I've ever been to. What I liked about the Tempe Arts Festival was the variety of artists booths. I'm sorry, but Native American jewelry (TURQUOISE GALORE!) can kind of dominate at festivals out here in the desert. Not here! Jewelry, art (modern, weird, beautiful, print, mixed media everything in between), photography, sculpture, music, clothing tiny fashion hats for dogs?, food and drinks all mixed into a sprawling fest up and down Mill--and on the in-between streets as well. We couldn't believe how it kept going!Minor complaint: I wasn't eating, but I think a bigger variety of food vendors would be appreciated. How many cinnamon nut tents do we need?!I think because the tents were so sprawled out, the massive crowd never felt overwhelming or stagnant. Parking wasn't much of an issue, and when we tried to get into a lot that was full, the attendant directed us to one of the parking garages. We spent about 2 hours there for only $1.50 in parking. Glorious, City of Tempe!Dogs were welcomed, and everyone's pooches were so well-behaved. Not work of the fest, I know, but awesome! We'll definitely make this event a staple!
4	Looking for a last minute Christmas gift that is both handmade AND local?  This is your one-stop shopping experience if quality and diversity matter to you.  The winter version of this festival is huge and hosts hundreds of vendors with plenty of beautifully creative pieces of art, clothing and jewelry, accessories, music, and lots of yummy food.  They also have wine and beer gardens with live music in between them, where you can sample local beers and wines from around Arizona.  Be prepared to walk a lot, but also take your time and stop into the local shops along the route, grab some lunch, and just peruse at your leisure.  This fest doesn't disappoint, but it is difficult to fit the whole thing into just one day, so if you don't find everything you hoped to see the first day, come back for a second round!
4	Who doesn't love an art festival? - then stop reading this . . . and go turn on your NASCAR, otherwise proceed.Parking is usually not fantastic at any street festival but Tempe has really beefed that up around Mill Ave.This year it seems bigger than last, but i suppose that's how its supposed to be.  Both with booths and with people.  Wish there could be lanes to keep walking people organized.  Its hard to view what's in the booth without meeting someone close up who was also trying to get a glimpse of what a booth had to offer.Stuff that had me interested and I made a purchase with, in case this will tempt you to go to the next one: Nuts, a variety roasted in a plethora of spices and/or sugar, Lemonade, fresh squeezed and re-fillable, Hats, found a Hawaiian beach cap for a baby and his big white bald head sitting in the scolding sun, but I digress, Tiles, hand made into coasters with different landscape designs, Toffee, OMG the best toffee in this valley and for some reason the name is escaping me and I do apologize to the vendor that I purchased it from, I used to get it at my local farmers market, Oh heavens, just know you will find really good toffee there.
4	The Tempe Arts Festival rolls around twice a year: Once in March and once in November, if my memory serves me well. Mill Avenue closes down for a weekend and big tents go up, and they fill up with local artists selling their crafts. They have beauty products, paintings, jewelry, statues, clothing, music, and everything in between. I found an amazing handmade steampunk ring for my roommate this past Christmas that she just adores, and I have purchased lots of various gifts here in the past. The food is calorifically delicious, albiet expensive. There is plenty of live entertainment (music and jugglers and all that fun stuff) and even a section for kids to make their own crafts. I really love having such a lively little (big?) festival so close to my home (biking distance, hooray!), and I'd like to give it five stars, but honestly after coming here twice a year for the past few years, little has changed (if anything). It's always the same vendors, and unfortunately, a lot of the vendors sell the same things (if you're looking for an exhaustive selection of native american art, flock to this place). I'd love to see more variety and novelty in the future. I'll still be making my rounds when it comes to town and perhaps partake in purchasing a few locally made items, but let's change it up a little! If you're a local artist, check it out and see if maybe you should showcase your work here. Also note that admission is free, so I would highly suggest for you to at least check it out. Nothing to lose!
4	Good show to walk and see a large diversity of skilled artists. While the quality of the styles and prices varies greatly, there is almost always a few that make it well worth the visit. Good for families too as there is a variety of entertainment, face paining, etc. which makes it fun for everyone.One of the best ways to get very nice, custom artwork for your home.Grab some friends, family or colleagues and make plans to spend the day shopping great art, jewelry, pottery, glass, wood, sculpture, and various other handmade goods.
4	The Tempe Art Festival is a blast!We love coming down for the Festival at least once a year.  Usually we hit the Fall event, but this year we came for the Spring one for the first time. We also try to come either very early as it opens, or toward the close around 4:30 pm.  That way we avoid the heat of the day and the crowds.Mill Avenue is totally blocked off and there is a carnival like atmosphere here. Well, at least more so than usual. LOL They have jugglers and street performers.  Folks drawing pictures and caricature alone the sidewalk and much more as they say.There are also Arts Festivals in Care Free, Scottsdale and Fountain Hills as well. They're scheduled either before or after this one. But we like this one the most, because it tends to be lager then the others (well maybe not FHs) and it has the added benefits of all the restaurants in and around Mill Avenue. Nice!  This year we tried the HH at La Bocca Urban Pizzeria. http://www.yelp.com/biz/la-bocca-urban-pizzeria-wine-bar-tempe#hrid:O3ctYrNgJDYoj_k-erYzDQEnjoy!
4	Had a great time!Bought some cool, unique, artsy goods from some talented friendly people (okay, one vendor was surly, but his stuff was so cool that I bought it anyway).Weather was cool and crisp and it wasn't too crowded so we weren't bumping into people all day.Parked a few train stops away in Phoenix and took the Metro in--much more fun for the kids!
5	Great show ! Meet and support the artist!   I have been selling my work off and on at the Tempe Arts Festival for 10 years now.Take your kids and show them how creative people can be.You can get a close look at more of my work for sale on Etsy.The link is below.www.etsy.com/shop/JeffPriceArtGlass
5	I have heard a lot about this event, but it took years for me to actually attend.  Too bad, because I would probably have a house full of amazing art by now!  I loved the huge selection of arts, crafts, jewelry, and entertainment at this festival.  Since well behaved dogs are allowed, of course our doggie Bailey tagged along.  We are looking forward to the next Tempe Arts Fest!
4	Tents, tents, as far as the eye can see!  For many blocks, in many directions...and inside each one, some interesting handmade art which has the potential to make you ooh and ahh, smile, laugh, cringe, buy, etc.  The prices can seem high (some folks seem to be overestimating their own work, others use truly fine materials or make complex pieces), but remember, there's no obligation to buy, and there are always steals in the mix.  The weather was lovely, the company was good (we went with a group of friends), and the art was entertainment enough.  We didn't buy much, but everyone came away with at least a little something and an afternoon of inspiration.  This is a vast and varied affair that's not limited to "art" - the food section is extensive, too.  Defintiely something for everyone - I've been on multiple years with different people, and I've always left feeling like it was a great way to spend the day.  Parking can be tricky (you might have to circle a public lot a few times and pay, but it's no biggie for the hours of fun you'll have!).  If you like arts and crafts, check it out!
4	Solid event and a mainstay of local culture in Tempe and I guess one might even argue Phoenix. I volunteered this year and got a chance to see the quality of people putting together the Tempe Arts Festival and making it work and they are terrific. I highly encourage folks to consider being a volunteer because often it is booth sitting and walking around and around an area of the festival - much like being in an art gallery and you get a chance to see what connects with you - the downside, a great way to end up spending a lot of money! I ended up buying some small thing and one hand tinted photograph that I could not resist. Oh well, drives the economy and all that jazz, or is that jazz hands? Suffice to say, I have a new appreciation for the event, the artists who come out and the paid staff and volunteers who help things run smoothly and will be devoting my two days a year I can use for non-profits to helping put on the arts festival. :-)
5	It's sort of a tradition for us to attend the Tempe Arts Festival. There's lots of stuff to look at and buy. You can find everything from art pieces costing tens of thousands of dollars to small craft presents costing just a few dollars. And being that the Fall Festival always takes place just before Christmas its a great place to find unique gifts for friends and family. There's even an entire section devoted  to food items that you can't find elsewhere and a kids section with crafts and games. Plus, there's tons of entertainment for all ages including jugglers, bands, dancers, musicians, and other things. If you want to avoid the hassle of parking, just take the light rail to Mill Avenue, but even if you drive, there are plenty of garages and surface lots available for a small fee.Enjoy!
5	Outstanding arts fair with high quality & diverse artists.  Soo many booths to pick from and delicious overpriced street foods. My husband and I have been to the Tucson arts fair and the Tempe fair several times through the past 10 years.  We enjoy the friendly atmosphere and diverse selection and usually show up first thing on Sunday morning around 10 am to beat the crowds.I've gotten a sterling silver ring made from a shell, christmas ornaments, pottery, and food items here.  This year we returned to a booth we had browsed last year to purchase a large photograph of an opal printed on aluminum which makes it look like glass. Beautiful art!  We've seen some great pieces through the years.This year one of the busiest booths was a custom dog collar booth that the seller was boasting "my wife handmade them all".  You could swap out removable flowers and bows to wide brightly colored ribbons!  For $24 you could get a collar and bow or $14 for the collar alone.The best perk of this fair is the mini doughnuts made right in front of you! Yes!
