4	Given the location and the history of this place, you may have really low expectations.  That helps, but the food is actually quite good.  Friday night's ubiquitous fish fry, of course, but they have a respectable menu of Mediterranean specialties as well.  I'm fond of the Shwarma Platter, myself.  Some nights they have belly dancers for entertainment- that's really fun to watch.  What's a trip to a hookah lounge without an actual hookah?  Try the peach/mango, it's amazingly smooth and flavorful.  I'd never tried it before and was amazed at how uncigarette-like it is.
4	My friends and I came here for a friend's birthday. It's a little off-putting when you first come in. We had to cut through a very un-Mediterranean bar to get to the actual resturant. The food and martinis was good, the owner was very attentive, and the entertainment was fun to watch (just make sure you're not in her way when she spins!). Unfortunately, we didn't get a chance to try a hookah.
4	Very relaxed atmosphere, and the food was good, but our service was soooooo slooooooow! The location is also somewhat off-putting (and hard to find if you've never been there) being as it seems to be literally in the middle of a trailer park. But, once you're inside it's a very chill place, nice to have a hookah and some food.
4	I went here on new years eve, had never been here before, they had some special for NYE, I got the pork tenderloin was pretty good, came with a ton of potato's. They were three smaller tenderloins wrapped in bacon. There was a belly dancer dancing while we were eating that was balancing candles on her head and stuff. was pretty interesting. when we were leaving they were bring out swards and fire or something. We got a hookah, lasts about a half hour. They were out of mint chacolate chip so we got mango-watermelon mix that was pretty good.  When we were leaving there was kareokee going on in the bar area but didn't stay for that.
5	coolest place ever! so glad that there is a hookah bar in Madison! And it's (in my opinion) in a super-neat location, on top of a secluded hill! The hookah is great - they have many flavors to choose from. I only wish they offered some sort of hookah happy hour special. A hookah bar I used to frequent in Champaign, IL offers half-priced hookahs from 5-8pm, which I think is a great idea. I wasn't so sold on the food - I ordered a greek salad and it was DRENCHED in dressing (note to self: order dressings on the side :-)). The drinks are great - especially the winter/seasonal hot chocolate with smirnoff MARSHMALLOW - sounds so weird but was super good. The ambiance is great, although it is a little cold in the backroom. On weekends they have a belly dancer. I plan on taking every friend who comes to visit me, to this place. It's truly unique, and there is a separate bar attached with frequent karaoke! How fun!
5	Very good food, decent drinks, but the hookahs are the big draw. I don't really smoke, but I love the rose-flavored tobacco drawn through the big water pipes. Very mild and it's supposed to be all natural. Mideastern cuisine is their specialty, but the duck is very tender.
5	I LOVE the Hookah Lounge!  I have been coming here once or twice a month for a few years now, almost always on Friday and Saturday nights to watch belly dancing.  Food is good, I usually go for the Friday Fish or Shrimp Scampi.  Once I had a prime rib special that was also terrific.The martinis are pricey, usually $7 to $8, but they don't skimp on alcohol, especially when Billy is behind the bar :)  One or two and I'm good for the night!  They also have drink specials, like $4 Old Fashioneds, or $3.50 Leinie's pints.I tried a Hookah for the first time a few weeks ago, and it's quite enjoyable.  It is tobacco but it doesn't give you that scorched lung feel, the taste is great and the smoke dissapates.  Four of us shared a mango hookah and it seemed to last forever, though by the end I was a little tired of the flavor, but mango isn't my favorite to start with.I went one Sunday on for a Packer game, and it was a nice little crowd, plus free shots when the Packers score a touchdown.I've never been for Karaoke, but that's another popular draw.The location is kinda random (in the middle of a trailor park!)  but it sure beats the overcrowding and limited parking downtown.LGBTQ friendly.
4	The fact that this place is located on Sirloin Strip on the edge of a trailer park that overlooks the Beltline highway can be misleading.It's a good spot for Mediterranean food (at least in Madison). Service is pretty attentive and if you are lucky you will smoke a hookah and see a belly dancer. The other half of the building is a divey karaoke bar with a much more local crowd.Food - 3.5 starsAtmosphere / uniqueness / service - 4.5 stars
4	There's a lot to love about the Hookah Lounge and Cafe once you get past it's tough exterior shell. (Seriously close one eye on the drive up the hill no matter which way you go and avoid looking around too closely as you go inside. Once through the door, eyes open. Take it all in.) [1] But let's be honest, a lot of things have a tough exterior and delicious insides. M&MsStar FruitCornucopias the list goes onI suggest you start your evening in the bar area. The Friday I was there, there were some inexpensive drink specials, and the space is so large that even when I arrived around 6 it hadn't filled up. You're not going to get the full experience sitting at the bar, so after a bev or two (you can take unfinished drinks with) walk over to the cafe part. There's another bar (win!) and a smattering of tables. The menu has a number of options sure to please anyone's propensity for Mediterranean. I got the shaved lamb plate and couldn't polish it off, it's seriously huge. Your meal will start with some pita and Zatar (look it up) which is an uber authentic way to get things going. Didn't stay for the hookah or for the belly dancing. I get super uncomfortable when those ladies get close. Personal space please, personal space. [1] Don't actually close one eye. That would be dangerous. Unless you're trained.
4	This place is fantastic!  I wish we had one like this in Minneapolis.  They offer a full-service bar, delicious mediterranean food, plush couches and chairs to sit on as well as a wide variety of sheesha to choose from.  The location is a little odd since it is in an auto mall but once you get inside, it is completely worth it!Check them out for something a little different to do :)
5	I LOVE this place. This is one of my favorite places in Madison. Ignore the surrounding area and the look of the building from the outside. The hookah is amazing. I've been hookah'ing at home for three years and I can never seem to get it as good as their's. Their food on the weekends is also amazing. I don't usually care for the appetizers during the week, though. The atmosphere is prefect. It's so relaxing and comfortable. One of my favorite things about this place is the belly dancing! Anya Sofia is the best! I go every time she dances! The owner is a really great friendly guy too. Overall this place is great!
5	This place is such a trip. I've been here many a Friday/Saturday night to watch some belly dancing (every Friday and Saturday at 8 and 9:30pm) with some friends. The dancers are usually very good, though I have been disappointed on occasion. The dancers dance throughout the lounge, and it's pretty chill, so if watching belly dancing is not your thing, you can kind of ignore it and continue your conversation/hookah smoking/drinking. There are a lot of hookah flavors to choose from, and there are several decent drink specials ($4 old fashioneds on Fridays). My boyfriend got a burger there the other night and said it was really good. What's really interesting about this place is the fact that it is 2 bars in one building, with two completely different vibes. There's the hookah lounge, which is a slightly more upscale-feeling restaurant-type space. Then, just down the hall, is a divey karaoke bar that definitely feels more like it belongs in the trailer park in which the building is actually located. I say this latter comment with no disrespect, because I have had a lot of fun in that bar. The karaoke screen is in a corner, so you don't have to look at other people when you sing, if you're a little embarrassed/nervous (as I of course was). There's usually a pretty congenial feel, and the karaoke MC is funny and  welcoming.
4	Wow, who knew? Great Mediterranean food on a hill in a trailer park overlooking the Beltline. Excellent service, great belly dancing, hookahs on almost every table. Highlights included chicken kabob with fresh grilled veggies and chicken on bed of incredible couscous, Mediterranean pasta and falafel. Only negative was they were sold out off eggplant parm from the night before!
5	First experience. Great wait staff, excellent atmosphere, and really comfy couches in the lounge area! More upscale than most hookah bars I've visited, but very worth it.
5	Wonderful food, entertainment and friendly staff.  John was very knowledgeable of the menu friendly and attentive.   Great atmosphere! And they have karaoke!!
5	Warm and relaxing atmosphere to chill with friends.  Friday fish fry and Old Fashioneds are the best in town.
5	Please give this place a try, you will definitely be pleasantly surprised. I was amazed by the delicious food, relaxing and classy atmosphere, and the excellent service. If you are looking for a somewhat hidden treasure, this place is really it.
