2	I just joined this gym and really wanted to like it.  I gave it two stars primarily because of the poor customer service.The positives are: 1) huge gym with top notch equipment.2) pool and sauna3) personal trainers seem excellent4) movie cardio room5) fairly pricedThe bad is:1). Lack of basic amenities (eg, no towels, no locks, even for purchase)2). Unresponsive / inflexible staff (eg the minimum number of personal training sessions that you can purchase is 17,  I tried to call to change a misscheduled appointment and after three calls I still didn't get through to a trainer to fix the time.).
2	LA Fitness took over this gym recently from Urban Active and the transition has been horrible.   As a customer, it should have been seamless.   After noticing that it wasn't seamless and that it is still a mess, I had to start asking questions.     For a while, the place was disgusting.   There were paper towels on the floors all over, q tips (multiple used ones from days prior) on the floor in the locker room, and there was a foul odor in the locker room showing that they haven't cleaned it much.   Turns out that LA Fitness cut the pay of the custodial staff and they all quit.     That seems to be better.They cut a lot of the class teachers and classes.   Sometimes classes are canceled day of, including tonight when the teacher didn't even show up.They are supposedly going to get rid of the child care staff and hire a bunch of minimum wage college students.  The child care facility and staff is the main reason we joined.   This change will likely be the reason that we and many others will not renew our membership if it happens.
1	I am yet another Urban Active member who endured the transition to LA Fitness. I won't even bother going into details about that as several other reviewers already have, what I am here to review is the way you cancel your membership.The rules to cancel your membership to any LA Fitness are as follows: 1. You can stop in and cancel it in person with one person, and one person only. No one else can do this for you. NO ONE. And this person works normal business hours, 9am-5pm on Monday - Friday, so you must stop in during her schedule. I don't know about you, but I also work those hours, those very normal working hours. So I guess I can't cancel in person since I am not going to take off of work to cancel my gym membership. 2. The other option for cancelling your membership is to create an online LA Fitness account, find the cancellation form, print it out, fill it out, and mail to corporate headquarters. And you MUST mail it. You can't email it, submit it any other way online, or even fax it. Corporate headquarters will even tell you that it will take a couple of weeks to process it, and then hopefully they will cancel your membership by then. In the meantime, chances are you will be charged another month for your membership. Terrible, inefficient option.So after stopping in twice to the Bakery Square LA Fitness to cancel my membership, and the woman who is in charge of cancellations was not available, I decided to call LA Fitness Headquarters. Surely they could cancel my membership. Nope. They told me the same thing: I can mail in the cancellation form after creating an LA Fitness account, or I could go in person to do it. No other alternatives. Today, I called LA Fitness at around 4:45pm to see if I could catch Jane, the one-and-only person able to cancel my membership (at this location) before she left. I told the person at the front desk that I wanted to speak to Jane about cancelling my membership, and like everyone else,he told me I couldn't do it over the phone, I had to go there in person, and that Jane is available M-F 9-5. I said that I also work those hours, so I wanted to see if I could schedule a time before or after those hours to cancel my membership. He puts me on hold for a couple of minutes, then came back and asked for my phone number (not my name or any other information), then put me on hold for several more minutes, then hangs up on me. Okay, maybe it was an accident, so I call back, and it rings for a while, then I get an automated answering machine message. Since I just talked to someone, I hang up and call back, and after half a ring, someone picks up the phone and immediately hangs up. Are you serious? I call again, and Jane picks up and introduces herself, and I politely tell her my name and that I wish to cancel my membership. She tells me that she already has my account pulled up and I will not be charged again. I graciously thank her, and that is that. Just to clarify, my 1 out of 5 review is for LA Fitness, not Jane. If I could give Jane her own personal review, it would be a 5 out of 5. She probably deals with pissed off people all the time, and I imagine that's a hard job. Except for being strangely hung up on a couple of times, everyone else I spoke to was nice, but just not very helpful probably because LA Fitness has the most bizarre, customer-unfriendly, ridiculous cancellation policy.
2	In the past year, this facility has gone down hill. I will bullet point the bad, then good.Bad:-- ladies only gym section has construction worker type lights strung up in lieu of actual lights. Cords and lights hanging in orange cages.-- 75% of the cycling bikes in the cycle studio have something wrong with them. Wiggling bases, stuck handle bars, clinking chains, twisted foot cages, etc. Yesterday, a woman's bike chain BROKE on her bike during the middle of class.-- many cardio equipment in all areas needs to be replaced or tuned up-- temperature gets to hot on warm days-- tv's on cardio equipment: some channels have no sound -- price I pay $70/mo for myself +1 with no towel or locker service. For that I expect my gym to be in working order when I visit.-- They close early FridayGood: -- cardio cinema room-- sauna-- ladies only areaWhen I asked for an e-mail address for the manager to discuss these issues, I was told, "LA Fitness doesn't have e-mail." Um... Excuse me?! Why not?
5	Do the spin class here fun
3	I'm from ny, and visiting so this branch is ok... Lil dark ... Equipment seems in great condition, lil smelly but it's a gym ... Not a bad place though
1	And the olny thing that's fun to do is the spin and bootcamp ..Be careful if u sign up at this gym it's the kiss of death ... They will fuck u over on ur money.. And they don't clean the lady's gym room.. And some of the things don't work or there broken booooDo the spin class here fun
1	Terrible!  This location used to be an Urban Active and the group fitness classes were incredible @ Urban!  Especially the Saturday morning Bootcamp.  This is now run by LA Fitness and it's the worst fitness center I've ever belonged to...maybe it's just this spot that is particularly awful.  After classes being cancelled without notice, sales reps trying to increase my monthly payments, the smoothie bar getting axed, and the pool stinking...I canceled my membership today.  Good-bye LA Fitness in Bakery Square.  You never cared for me!I'll give you one star only because Larry's Monday night step class kept me in this relationship longer...if it wasn't for Larry I would have dumped you months ago.
3	I love this gym. I love the facility, the environment, and the equipment. The trainers are friendly. I think it is consistently clean and welcoming. So what keeps this from five stars? The front desk help. Would it kill them to smile when you arrive? I say "thank you" every time I am checked in and they don't even acknowledge me. There is one guy that always has a smile but the rest of the staff turn your back on you as soon as they swipe your card. That is unfortunate because their attitude shapes the beginning of my experience at this location. If the front desk staff were friendlier, I would renew without question, but because of their attitude I am thinking about a different location. Unfortunate.
1	This is my second day here and I already regret the choice. One of the first things I was offered when deciding on the gym was one free training session to build a routine to use on my own. Turns out after I told the trainer I couldn't afford training sessions on my own, the trainer said there was nothing he could do for me and ended the session in 10 minutes. I wasted my time coming down here to this appointment, feel like I was totally misled by membership, and really didn't appreciate feeling like just a mark in a sales pitch in my first week here. Not cool.An added note: Since it was mentioned by the trainer I met with that the vast majority of personal training clients are women, I would strongly recommend a training for the personal trainers on how to interact with these female clients in a professional manner. I don't appreciate being called "honey" or "sweetheart" and touched frequently by someone who is neither a boyfriend or family member. Ugh...creepy.
2	This place has gone steadily more ghetto over the past year.  No one puts equipment or plates back anymore, and there is zero floor staff to either remedy that or enforce any kind of etiquette.The AV system is used to blast hip hop and club music throughout the gym (bring your headphones) and the vibe is not at all about fitness.  Slowly but surely the academic and family crowd that used to be a substantial part of the membership have abandoned the place.  Take a look at the members you will be spending time with before you sign up.Some bean counter has also decided that they could save money by eliminating almost all of the paper towel dispensers.  So, wiping down equipment has become the exception.  Can get a little gross occasionally.Plusses are that the basic equipment is all there and reasonably maintained.  Holiday hours are exceptionally good.
2	I was an Urban Active member who endured the transition to LA Fitness, only to recently cancel my membership.This. Place. Is.  Diiiirrrrty.  Like, Christina Aguilera, early 2000s dirty.  And I don't understand.  Cleanliness is a major component of a gym, and LA Fitness fails miserably.  Plus, thie gym isn't that old, so I don't know how it looks dingy daily.And the other major component of a half-way successful gym?  Having equipment that works.  On any given day, at least half a dozen of the 30 total spin bikes in the spin classroom are broken.  6??? One or two, OK, but 6?  Give me a break.I loved all the fitness classes that Urban Active offered, and the offerings were dramatically slashed after LA Fitness took over.   Oh, except for Zumba.  You can take Zumba classes all day, every day here.  I took Zumba here twice with two different instructors only to never even break a sweat.  The ONLY saving grace?  Larry's step class on Monday.  But I'm not spending 50 bucks a month for that.  Even Larry with his killer calves and backwards hat aren't worth it.  This would be a one-star review if it weren't for him.
2	I have been a member since it opened back in the Urban Active days.  I like it because it's cheap for me, being an original member I have a nice deal, and honestly I really appreciate the free towel service.  The machines are real nice, and the locker room is cool, nice sauna.  It's not as clean as it used to be, and the quality of the staff has gone down, not as friendly for sure.  The free classes have been decimated in my opinion as well.  Will probably stick with it a while longer, just because it's cheap and has what I need at this point.
2	I just started going here. While I haven't experienced much in the ladies room aside from seeing a broken sink, I have experienced a little with training. There have been too many miscommunications. I set up a training session for early one Monday morning and I got there with no one there. No trainer in sight and no one could tell me what was going on. Then I called later in the day and not one single person called me back. I had to investigate on my own and still got two different stories. I basically wasted my time more than once. Another instance was I was supposed to have a one hour session only to show up, be passed to someone else, and then have that person tell me the session is for 25 min with no prior notification. One thing I do like (so far) are the classes because I feel there are many spread out throughout the day so I can catch one before or after work. I did try one smoothie and it was so good, but I don't feel I should have to pay extra for it. Just my opinion on that though.
1	I was an urban active member and (full disclosure) have not visited the place since they changed to LA fitness. I was still paying my membership though!. Last week, I had to cancel my card because of some unrelated fraudulent charges. Immediately, I had  every LA fitness facility in the country calling me several times a day with aggressive demands for payment  or really insistent sales pitches. I often work nights, so this was definitely not OK. Each time, I informed them that I would pay the fee and cancel my membership at the LA fitness facility itself when the weekend was over (yes, it was the weekend). I have been a regular paying member at this facility for nearly four years, and they thought it was appropriate to treat me like some fraudster running from the law. I have never been so happy to cancel a membership. If you are interested in becoming a member here, my recommendation is to wait a little while first. Either this place goes out of business, gets sold again, or membership fees go through the floor.
3	I mean, I'm not sure why this place gets that bad a reviews?  The only bad thing is the price, I'm paying $55 a month which makes me think I'm getting ripped off.  Either way I still feel I'm getting my money's worth.This place is huge with tons of equipment and I never really have to wait for anything, granted I work out early in the morning before work so its a little less crowded which is awesome and only dedicated people there at like 5:30 in the morning.I dig it.
4	Two stars for this place? C'mon people. It's a public gym, not a spa retreat, with moderate prices. You get what you pay for. And I think for what you pay you get a really good deal.Did the place go down after being acquired by LA Fitness? I don't know. Being to tons of other gyms before I can only judge from what I see. Here's the good:- massive amount of workout equipment (I never had to line up to use a machine)- lots of cardio options (treat mill, elliptical, rowing, stair climbing)- separate spinning room- women's section (which I obviously can't judge)- swimming pool - sauna- juice bar - cinema cardio room - punching bag- squash court- basketball court- running lane- free towel serviceThe not so good:- classes (I feel there could be more variety and they could offer simply more classes)I don't need personal training so I can't rate them but the normal advice would be: they're sales people. Of course they want to sell you their services. Keep that in mind and always double-check with your needs, and you should be good.I like this LA Fitness for what it is - a spacious gym with amenities and overall good value for your money.
4	I had to write a review after seeing all of the low ball reviews that seem unfair. I have been going to this gym for over two years, and I started when it was still Urban Active. Sure, some things were a bit lost in translation during the transition, but these things have largely been resolved, especially as of late.There is still a ton of space inside, and lots of cardio and weight machines. Most cardio machines have flat screen tvs, and the place has been very very clean lately (for the past few months). They now have towel service and a juice/smoothie bar as well. These are nice additions.The class selection is a bit limited considering the size of the gym, but I like the spin classes in general. Ekaterina is fantastic, and if you are looking for a great, sweaty workout, check out her classes. The womens only area is a nice option because there are certainly a substantial amount of meatheads present in the evenings. Boo. But, there are options for women who don't want to be ogled: the womens only area, the cardio theater, and group fitness classes. I generally steer toward these options anyway, so I find that I can avoid roid-ridden creepers.All in all, I enjoy this gym, and for the price, it's way more affordable than a yoga or barre membership, and there are tons of options to give you a lot of variety in your workouts.
2	While this is my first real, non-corporate gym that I'm a member of, I have been in others and I have to say that there are some things that I'm a bit disappointed by.The good:* Swimming pool. Its generally not too crowded* Friendly staff* Big open atmosphere. Temperature is usually perfect.* Lots of cardio optionsThe bad:* Training is a bit expensive. 25 minute sessions fly by really quickly.* They're often out of hand towels, or nearly out of bath towels. One of these days, I'm going to walk to the front desk dripping nude to complain if they actually run out.* The showers are in desperate need of some maintenance. They did at least recently fix some of the shower heads - not the nicest, but they're better. Should still fix the warped doors - some of which don't even close anymore.* Its pretty dirty. Do they even vacuum? I noticed the dust bunnies between the rubber tiles on the workout floor today.* Gets way, WAY too crowded after 4pm. Luckily, I can generally avoid this time, but feel terrible for those who can't.* No assisted pull-up machine? Really? What the hell? It seems like such an obvious piece of equipment to have.* While I appreciate a yoga class offering and liked the instructor, the room just isn't right for it. Its super loud between weights being thrown, grunting bodybuilders, and the basketball court on the adjacent wall. The temperature also isn't warm enough.Overall, its a decent gym. Its super conveniently located for me, so I'll probably not be changing my membership anytime soon. Otherwise, I'd probably consider looking into Club One or the XX gym on Highland.
1	This gym itself isn't too bad- clean, plenty of equipment, etc., but their corporate customer service is terrible.  I was a member for 4 years.  I moved, and the LA Fitness closer to my new home advertised their monthly rate as $29.95.  When using the Bakery Square location, I was paying $44.95 per month.  I didn't see the point of paying an additional $15 per month, so I contacted customer service to see what I would need to do.  I was told I'd have to either continue to pay the $44.95 per month for services not offered (towel service, racquetball court, etc.) at this location, cancel my membership and rejoin the other location (incurring the $99 initiation fee), or pay the initiation fee anyway to downgrade my membership.  So basically, I would need to pay $99 up front to get less, or continue to pay $15 extra per month.  Needless to say, my cancellation was in the mail an hour later (yes, you have to mail in your intent to cancel in writing, so I'm sure it'll be another several weeks before this actually takes effect).  This company is just out to screw you.
5	I have been to many gyms all over the world as I have been competing in bikini and this is a very good gym.  It is very spacious, clean and has plenty of equipment.  Indoor pool and indoor court! For those expecting some sort of a spa, go to a spa.  It's a gym where people exercise.  Parking is very easy compared to other gyms in the area, it's free for the first 3 hrs and Panera bread is right there for a post workout healthy bite and there's also a protein shake smoothie bar inside the gym!
2	This isn't so much a review as a gripe: have you guys ever been in the gym first thing in the morning? Like, right when it opens? My god. They literally don't clean this place. Make no mistake: LITERALLY. Every trash can is overflowing from the day before, all the dirty towels are still soaking in the hamper, trash is all over the floor in the locker room...etc. It's like the gym closes, and everyone just drops everything and leaves for the day. It's like being too lazy to wash the dishes after dinner and waking up the next morning to a kitchen sink full of nastiness. I mean, what if you walked into a restaurant and none of the tables had been cleared off? It's disgusting. This place needs a mom to tell them to clean their room.
2	So I read all the reviews before coming here, and really, I had my expectations low. I've been a member of LA Fitness (other locations) for about 10 years. This location is not your best representation of a club because:- considered a "Signature" club, but really, can't tell the difference with others (apparently there's a price differential, too). I don't even see towels out every time I'm there.- machines are not kept clean: I don't see that many people wiping machines down, and there's dust and old sweat on the machines. Clearly, machines are not being cleaned every day, nor is the place being vacuumed.- spinning classes are mediocre: I'm not expecting a boutique spinning class because I know I'm not paying for that. I can go into specifics, but you can see for yourself.Most probably go to this gym because of proximity and lack of other choices.
1	I'm writing again because of what I have experienced too many times now.We use LA Fitness for the pool alone. Several times now we have prepared to go to the gym, driven all the way down there, only to find out that the pool is closed. This isn't like canceling a class or closing off a treadmill. Those members can easily just hop on a different machine or do an alternative workout. But when we're in our swimming clothes and swim caps, we have no choice but to just turn around and go home. Our current option is just to call ahead every single time and ask if the pool is open so we don't waste our time. We're of course not going to do that. Can't they post on their website that the pool is closed so people don't take the time go all the way down there, only to find out it's not open? For the record, it was closed today because "there's no lifeguard." That is somewhat of a joke because anybody who has swam there knows the lifeguards are kids who don't do anything but stare at their phones the entire time.
1	I just recently signed up with LA Fitness. I had to several LA Fitnesses before but through a guest pass. My mom made me my membership at home (in a different state) as she went to close her account and when I talked to person on the phone, she said Pittsburgh gyms were fine. I think there was some kind of promotion going on at that gym so I was able to get it relatively cheaper than usual. And so I had been coming here. I'm not usually an active gym member but I wanted to get in shape so I started coming more often. When I first came, I initially liked it. Compared to other gyms I had been to before, this place was relatively clean and spacious. No gym is going to be spotless but it wasn't bad. There were plenty of machines and things to do so it was great for a beginner like me. I usually came in before closing so it was pretty empty and nice. Also, parking was okay most days since the garage is free for 3 hours and I'm not going to stay more than 2 hours. However, I came in early afternoon one time and I was  rudely told that I couldn't come here unless I paid an extra $20/month or $5 every time I come. I was so confused because when I signed up, I was told that Pittsburgh gyms would be fine. So it didn't make sense to me that two people from the same company would say two different things. However the lady was insistent on that this gym was sooooo much nicer than other Pittsburgh gyms and it was the only one in the city and refused to let me in unless I paid something extra. So I got kicked out that day and I wasn't the only one. Apparently, they're starting to kick people out that don't pay enough because they have a ridiculous number of people...Funny, since most of the times I've been here, it's been pretty empty. Gym: 4 stars - like I said, the gym itself is pretty goodPeople (minus the lady that kicked me out): 3 stars - they were relatively polite and I never had much trouble with themLady that kicked me out: -5 stars - as the daughter of a business owner, I know that you never say no to a paying customerGetting kicked out: -10 starsToo bad the lowest star rating is 1 star...
1	Absolutely filthy gym! Apparently the local Hans & Franz types don't know how to clean up after themselves. I was there for about an hour and saw a couple dozen people use cardio gear or plate machines and just walk away without bothering to wipe down the gear they just used. it also looks like the gym staff never bothers to clean either, pretty foul!the only thing this club has going for it is the fact that it's free when yinz stay at the Spring Hill next door. there is no way I would ever pay to use that dump!
2	Meh.Bathrooms: dirty. Clogged toilets, broken stall doors. Empty paper towel and toilet paper dispensers, empty soap dispensers, broken hand dryers, and slippery puddles of water everywhere.Towels: Sometimes available, sometimes not. Hope you brought your own!Equipment: Generally meh. There's only 1 real squat rack in this entire gym (!) -- Southside, which isn't even a 'Signature' club, has at least 4. There's not enough barbells for every bench. Many ellipticals are half-broken (destroyed resistance mechanism). People leave weights everywhere, and while it's not the staff responsibility to constantly clean up, you'll need to go on a scavenger hunt to find the weights you need. I don't use the machines, but I'm not hopeful for these given the poor upkeep in general.Pool: The pool is sometimes closed, never with advance notice on the website, so you might get there and just find out it's closed.This is probably the crummiest gym I've belonged to, although $40 is a lot less than I'm used to paying. Also, the other LA Fitness gyms in Pittsburgh are better.
1	If it was possible to post negative stars I would. After being a loyal member to LA Fitness Bakery Square for 3 years, I tried to cancel my account because I was moving to New York. I walked into the gym 15 minutes before 9am expecting to wait until 9am to officially cancel my account. The person at the front desk told me I didn't have to wait and cancelled my account right then. I verified that my account was cancelled and he said yes, that's all you have to do. A week later, I was charged $34.99. I called La Fitness and the manager told me she apologized for the confusion and would refund my money. A week later I called back because I didn't see the refund in my account. She said it wouldn't post for another day or so. I called back a week later because it hadn't posted and she was no longer working there. I called back every week for the next three weeks and no one there could help me. They didn't fill her position  and apparently no one there can do anything. Finally I get a call from who I am assuming is the new manager and she refused to refund my money from August. It's mid October. She said Jane didn't leave a note so there was no way for her to refund me. What a fucking joke. I have never experienced such bad customer service. I will never return to this gym or any other LA Fitness. I advise you to do the same.
3	Pros: Parking is free and plentiful - a valuable perk around here. Generally no wait for a cardio machine; decently nice locker rooms, juice bar and "women's only" area; staff are generally kind and professional; and the cardio theater & Julia's spin classes are both worth checking out.Cons: Only one squat rack. Also, as other reviewers have mentioned, cleanliness could be improved- it's on the lower end of "decent". I have seen some nasty stuff (half-full solo cups in the treadmill drink holders, towels piled twice as high as the garbage can they're in) that could really easily be remedied if they paid attention.
4	I'm writing this on my husband's account.3.5 stars: We love this gym! There's always way more equipment than people, and the pool is great (very clean), and is nice to follow with a sit in the sauna. There's a women's only room if you want to avoid staring men (which isn't even a big problem here), and a movie room where you can use cardio equipment and watch a movie - every day there's a new one. They've got a babysitting room too (will review soon when we start using it!). They start at three months and have a special infant/toddler area.My husband gives the gym 3 stars as the men's locker room feels gross. I give it 4. The sign up process was surprisingly sales-pitchy, but the reps are nice and you just need to be smart about it. Two tips regarding the sales team: if you come to sample the gym, they'll try and sell to you on the spot and will offer deals so be prepared for that. Also it might take some time, but do negotiate for a lower rate. Don't be a dummy and just go for the advertised rate when it's so easily lowered. (Example, they asked me, what's stopping you from signing up right now? I said, I can't drop $200 on the sign up fee. They dropped it to $100. Easy way to save yourself some money.)All in all, this LA Fitness does not deserve a two star rating. It's a beautiful, modern gym I'm proud taking out of town family to in order to brag, and I recommend it frequently to all my friends in the area.
3	I don't love everything about this gym, but it's a solid 3.5 stars.  I've been a member since the day it opened, and I think its a great value for the money-- I pay less than $30 a month for a membership, which is like--what-- a total of 2.5 yoga classes? They have a good list of amenities-- sauna, pool, movie cardio room, smoothie bar.  When you consider the cost is half that of other gyms with fewer amenities (I think the JCC is $50-60 a month and doesn't include a bunch of classes?), the value seems obvious.   I haven't noticed any cleanliness issues, which other people have raised on Yelp reviews.    It's spacious, they have a decent mix of classes, and I don't have to wait for equipment.  I especially like the Monday and Wednesday 8 pm Zumba classes-- awesome!  For some reason, my greatest annoyance is what seems like a small annoyance: the Towel Situation.  This really gets on my nerves.  Sometimes they have no towels.  Sometimes they have small and large towels, or only one kind but not the other.  Sometimes they are on a rack behind the check-in counter and you have to ask for them; other times they are next to the entryway.  I really don't understand why they can't nail this.  Its a small thing that would make my trips there more pleasant.
2	I'm still so upset.  I spent a lot of money to join this gym when it was Urban Active.  I was told I could bring a guest.  My husband would come with me.  It was great bringing a friend and swimming or doing cardio cinema.  I travel for work,  and was never  notified the gym was changing.  Then,  I was told that they lost my contract,  and that I was never allowed to bring guests.  Wtf?  They didn't even try to work with me and were completely rude. I stopped going. I had sessions remaining with a trainer as well.
