3	It's Tangerine with a red painted facelift, some new VIP booths with stripper poles and a "fashion" theme.  The new Christian Audigier nightclub located in TI opened on July 4th.  The concept behind the new Pure Management nightclub is "Fashionable Nightlife" and it's name sake is Christian Audigier (who is known for his work on the clothing lines of Ed Hardy, Smet and many other labels) has his name written all over it.  My fiance and I went to the grand opening with special guest DJ Nick Cannon sans his new bride.  The club is in TI where the old Pure Management nightclub, Tangerine, was located.  It's a small and intimate club that is comprised of an inside bar, dance floor, DJ booth and an outside bar.  Not much has changed from the days of Tangerine, mostly just some red and black paint, new mirrors, a few chandeliers and some tacky Ed Hardy uniforms.   I personally think that it should be categorized as an "ultra lounge" not a "club", but it's still a fun time.  The drinks are a little bit cheaper than most clubs on the strip and the outside patio/bar over looks the Siren's lagoon and the Vegas Strip.  The music was great and even being opening night, it wasn't hard to get in.  (Which will probably change in the coming months, as word of mouth spreads).  Cover was $20 bucks for ladies and $30 for guys.  Not a bad experience, but not an outstanding one either.  A good place to go if you don't want to hit up Pure, Tryst or Tao because of lines or costs.  I have a feeling that the Ed Hardy/Christian Audigier craze will be going strong for little while more and so will the popularity of this club, but just like fashions trends, this club's life will rise and fall.  Overall a good night of dancing drinking and looking at an explosion of $80 Ed Hardy t-shirts and matching studded hats.
4	I was here for the Christian Audigier opening night with Nick Cannon.  I actually saw a few celebrities there.  Mike Tyson, Damon Wayans, Jaime Pressly, and an undercover Fergie who didn't want to get mobbed by the fans.  The place looks the same but has a more masculine feel than tangerine did.  I've been to a few venue openings such as Jet, Seven, etc...  This one turned out pretty well considering it's named after the fashion designer himself.  I like the Diesel and Von Dutch clothes myself.  Still wondering about the Ed Hardy line.  I was initially denied access because I wasn't on a list even though we were VIP guests of Treasure Island Hotel.  The lady wasn't trying to hear me so I came back with the big guns and rubbed it in her face while she was holding the clipboard and walkie talkie.  The rest of my night there was solid and didn't really pay attention to some of the nonsense going on around me.  I even took a thank you gift back to the room with me.  Thanks Christian, love ya man!
4	I got to experience Christian Audigier The Nightclub  "formerly Tangerine" at TI on July 3rd -- they had a soft launch without the celebrities. Didn't have to wait in line and the great thing was... my guest and I got in for FREE!!! Big ups to Jonny Thaing of VIP Services for letting us bypass the line.Overall, the club/lounge has a very intimate feeling with VIP tables located inside and out on the patio. Two large bars to keep the drinks flowing besides bottle service at the tables. The great thing about the set up was how you could walk from patio to indoors or vice versa without hearing any of the music you just left once you crossed the threshold. You can only truly understand what I mean once you've gotten a chance to go here. Seeing as it was 100 degrees, even at night, the air was also on near the bar in the patio which was nice. Outdoor-area overlooks the lagoon for the Siren show.   One of the many highlights of my recent Vegas trip. Partied like a rock star...
3	This place was alright....I wasn't blown away by the scene; It seriously looked like TANGERINE, but with nice pictures of Christian Audigier's work on the walls. I was seriously surprised that the place was not as crowded or poppin because it's such a new club! I like how there's a huge outside area where you can get some air and see Las Vegas Blvd. (since it's right across from the Pirate Ship at TI). The VIP areas were alright too...The music was basically Top 40, Hip-Hop, and R& B on the dance floor and Trance/House music outside. The dance floor could be bigger...Ladies...I don't know if it was just last night, but there were no cute guys here! One thing I noticed about the club was that shots were given in plastic cups and not shot glasses! The bartender just put a lime slice into the shot of patron like a lemon wedge in tap water at restaurants! Ehhh...The workers all wear Christian Audigier shirts too, so it's kind of cool to see the fashion in its employees...Quite honestly, I would not try to go back here for a clubbing night...maybe only if I want tons of space to dance....
4	Let's be honest ... it isn't PURE or Tao ... but for Treasure Island, hell yeah -- pretty damn impressive! So, my eight girlfriends and I are walking through the lobby and one of the promoters for the club stops us and invites us over to the club.  He promises us V.I.P. service as well as bottle service, all complimentary.  So, we play along -- undecided if we want to spend part of our night at TI or head on to our already hooked up venues @ Tao or Pure where we know it's posh pretentiousness is what is in ... but we decide it can't hurt to stop by.  Well, we did go and we did in fact get free bottle service.  All $500 worth of Grey Goose w/the works.  I love V.I.P.  ... people walking by to make sure your glass is always full and that you're table is spotless makes you feel like you're truly a very important person.   Of course, the two huge ass security guards ensuring only V.I.P. stamps get through the red rope and into the plush couches also helps.  =POne thing I'll say about Audigier is that it's V.I.P. is right on the strip -- in front of the water.  So, while the fields of people await the pirate show on the strip or outside the red rope -- we're actually sitting right by the actors -- like we can see the sweat dripping from their faces.  Also, in the summer when it's hot and you want to dance ... it's not stuffy like the inside where it's full of people bumping into one another & people on the strip are watching you and thinking that it's a way cool night club.  Mind you, these are all tourist watching, of course. On a side note -- that blonde chick from that Earl show (the ex-wife) and Tori & Dean Spelling where there that night.  They came out for a bit, too. Good times.
3	The place is small, people.  If it weren't for that patio, it would be tiny.We came here about a week after it opened for some Sunday night industry party.  I had never been to Tangerine before, so I didn't realize how small it was going to be!  I wouldn't put this in my top 5 favorite Vegas clubs...it's just too small to be exciting.  The decorations are ok...you know...everything is all Ed Hardy and shit.But what really threw me off was the midnight T.I. pirate show.  Here we were, partying our asses off on the large patio at my friend's table...doing shots and dancing to the thumping music.  And then, out of nowhere, the music stops, and the f'ing pirate show begins!  For ten minutes, there was no music, and we had to watch this awkward pirate show going on in the water about 20 ft away from the club's outdoor patio.  It was soooo random and awkward- totally killed the vibe as well as our buzz.  And, the pirate show got all freaky when the pirate orgy began...yea...totally weird man.  Funny, but at the same time annoying, especially because the show drew about 500 tourists standing around on the street and bridge staring at all of us clubgoers until the show began, so we had these poor young children staring us down as I downed shot after shot and acted a fool...But anyways...the size of the club and the pirate show kind of killed it for me.  I'll probably be back, but there's no way I'd ever pay cover or wait to get in this place.
2	I attended a meetup event here and was surprised that I didn't hate it more.  The design and ambience is pretty good, with a less overt douchebaggery factor than I was expecting.  Liked the view out onto the Strip and the pirate ship, and the Social House restaurant next door is one of the most beautifully designed spaces I've seen in Vegas - walking through the gold plated bank safety deposit vault next to the entrance is brilliant.Mostly though I'm hoping this club stays around for a while because I'm delighted at how awkward and obnoxious the name is, and love hearing promoters stumble trying to say "Christian Audigier The Nightclub" in that weird passive tense.  Ha ha.  Serves the douches right for giving it such a pretentious moniker.
2	I was never a huge fan of Tangerine, so I'm not really a huge fan of this place.  They haven't done much in terms of remodeling.  It basically still looks like Tangerine.  We ended up getting a table in the corner with a view of the TI show.  That was fun for a a little while.  The music inside was good hip hop, but I kinda got bored of the crowd really quickly.  Not my favorite place in Vegas, but if you're staying at TI, it might be fun to check out.
2	Been there a couple times since it got converted over from Tangerine.  It looks the same layout to me.  Decent balcony, but that's about it.  Pass.
2	I didn't like this place that much. Getting in was a hassle. I swear this had to be the most unorganized club in terms of getting in. Basically the general admission people waited behind the "rope" like cattle. So, if you weren't in the front, weren't in VIP, or didn't have enough girls with you, your chances of getting in were pretty crappy. I already had a bad experience waiting in line for Jet at the Mirage. Over there, the club promoters screwed my friends over from getting in for free, despite the best efforts from the girls I went with. Moreover, getting into Jet was a 2-part process, in which if security wasn't looking, you could easily sneak in to the second part of the line. It took too long, so we ended up at Treasure Island.It wasn't I got here that I realized that it was no longer Tangerine. I already had a problem with Ed Hardy shirts being acceptable club attire, and the fact that I ended up here didn't help much since Audigier himself designs Ed Hardy. I mean really, those shirts are damn tacky for 80 bucks. Oh well.So the club was packed, and I've never had a hard time getting around a club as much as I did here. Prices of drinks were standard, but I doubt I'll want to pay 15 bucks for a Henn-and-coke again. The crowd was a good mix of people, and of course the creepers. I felt sorry for the girls who were felt up by them and didn't like it haha. The main room was a decent size, and the patio overlooking the Strip was pretty lengthy. I wasn't feeling the DJs music though I think it was DJ Riz who was spinning last Saturday, and I swear the dude could not stay on one song for more than 20 seconds. He would either change the song right away or add a house/trance beat to it. The patio's music was straight up hard house/techno. People who were there were just standing around and talking or drinking their drinks. Dancing... not so much. I wouldn't come back here unless I really had to. I'll cross this off my list for now, but damn you Jet security and your club promoters. good thing I didn't pay full cover.
3	MY FOURHUNDREDTH REVIEW...and I am in Las Vegas again.I slip on drinks.  I make fun of how tacky Ed Hardy clothes and the people who buy them are. I think about how cute my dress is and how it cost less than fifty dollars. Nu Shooz I Can't Wait comes on and that song always reminds me of Chas for a second I get sentimental but my attention span is short.  I used to love to watch Mystery Science Theatre 3000 as a kid but in a way it was boring. Kriss Kross comes on and I sing and dance along.Cause I'm the miggida miggida miggida Mac DaddyMiggida miggida miggida MacCause I'm the miggida miggida miggida Mac DaddyMiggida, miggida miggida macI make you wannaJump JumpThe Mac Dad will make you Jump JumpThe Daddy Mac will make you Jump JumpKris Kross will make you Jump Jumpuh huh uh huhBelee dat!I drink what is probably the 7th vodka drink I've had over the course of that nite, take that back, I inhale my 7th drink.  To free up my left hand since the other one is holding my purse. I pose for a photo with a girl who served us drinks at Kahunaville (my favorite place to people watch) last I saw her she was wearing a plastic coconut bra and was slanging leis. Now she is dressed up, reinvented as a typical Vegas girl, long flowing fake hair, shiny lips. I drink number 8 cranberry and vodka one third of it lands on the floor below. I wipe my hand off and look to the left.  I see a pirate ship.We go inside because the techno on the patio is killing my vibe. Still clutching drink 8 I dance to Lollipop, great song btw. Love Lil Wayne. The dance floor is fairly empty compared to the Tangerine days when you had to stand awkwardly just to wedge yourself into a tiny spot while watching the bottle service tools basking in their space and giant top shelf bottles.  A guy bumps me and I push him.  Looking back I am glad he didn't get mad and start an argument. There is no way that would have ended well. This is our French friend's first time to the United States and true to Euro form he is bouncing up and down all night long upstaging the stamina of even the most seasoned skull-t shirt wearing Las Vegas coke heads. I slip again on my way to the restroom. I am beyond looking at myself in the mirror and beyond lip gloss reapplication. It's 3:30 the French is still bouncing, I can no longer dance, at least my mind is off the fact that my feet are killing me. We go to bed and I think to myself, what did i have for dinner that was so red and oily?
2	Date of visit: Saturday October 04,2008Christian Audigier...what a disappointingly dull nightclub.We arrived on the scene at approximately 11:00pm to find more bouncers standing idly by than club-goers in line. This is usually a very good indication the club itself has more short comings than merits.Pros: 1. Music was great, IMHO. There was a little of everything for most people.2. The patrons were decently attractive enough for the most part. Cons: 1. Mixed drinks were extremely weak. I had three canberry-vodkas in an hour span, and was still sober enough to wonder if there was a better club within walking distance.2. There were no places to sit, aside from the "rip off" bottle service areas.3. It's a relatively small club, made even smaller with VIP roped off areas. On the plus side, if you don't dance this maybe the place for you.The night ended for me when we had to look for our drunk friend. We found him about an hour or so later, wandering the strip after being kicked out of Christian Audigier for talking on his cell phone. Yes he was escorted out of the club for talking on his cell phone. The Bouncer told him, "We didn't let you in here to talk on your phone, we let you in here to drink." Apparently, the bouncer didn't have enough brain cells to understand a patron who is drunk has most likely imbibed in a few alcoholic beverages. I understand these clubs are trying to make money, however from a business person's perspective there's also something to be said about meeting and/or exceeding your patrons' expectations. Christian Audigier never delivered any semblance of a "hot" Vegas nightlife spot to warrant such a pretentious name.Two stars for the lively music.Neverthless, I would not recommend Christian Audigier.
4	Audigier is a cross between Tangerine on steroids and the Red Room at Pure.  The multi million make over was a much needed face lift for a nightclub named after a fruit.  All the orange furniture has been removed and replaced with alligator couches, 2 stripper poles and a massive jelly fish tank along the back wall.   Tony Rossi replaced the Tangerine Mojito with his most recent creation ....Crystal Rock Lemonade...wich can only be described as an Explosion in your Mouth.  House of Audigier goes down every Thursday with special guest DJ's while Celebrity Host take center stage on Friday and Saturday Nights.  However, Audigier Sunday's are the best night of the week and have quickly become the hottest industry night in Las Vegas.  If you are worried about waiting in line either get there early or contact me at www.prestonrideout.com and I will put you down on my guest list for FREE ADMISSION without having to wait in line.
2	This is supposedly one of THE places to party in Vegas. I wasn't really sure why. And I'm not with it enough to even know who Christian Audigier *is*Since the BFF and I were going solo we got in the girls VIP line. Once we got in we saw that the dance floor was really small and there wasn't any place to sit unless you were paying for bottle service. Ouch. I had a really hard time seeing, it was really dark but there were also lots of flashing lights at the same time.  The music was ok, some good stuff along with crap and crap I'd never even heard before.  The dress code was a whole other story. It was extremely odd. There were girls dressed to the nines in clubwear and big stripper shoes along with Avril Lavigne wannabes in pants and suspenders.  The outdoor area was cool though, had a separate DJ and bar and a cool view of the pirate ship along with part of the strip.
4	Got on a guestlist for hubby's birthday. Didn't wait in line and didn't pay cover. So far so good. Met some dope people from Alaska- made fun of Sara Palin- turns out they weren't fond of her either.We made our way to the patio where, turns out, we spent the entire night. We met a bartender named Tony who provided EXCELLENT service- often bypassing other customers to check on us. Sorry if you were one of those other customers!! I can't really comment on the decor- I didn't see ANYTHING that screamed Ed Hardy or Audigier...weird. It was really dark though.The two things that I didn't dig, however, were the lack of bathrooms inside the club. Come on now. In, out, in, out, all night. Also, one of the "suits" almost took away my camera because he saw me taking a video...of myself and hubby dancing to "Closer" by Ne-Yo. Not sure what FCC rules I'm breaking but whatev.We got on Tony's guest list for the next night but hubby was out of commission for the entire next day. Guess that means we enjoyed our time at Audigier!
4	Very compact venue but nice decor. For a Sunday night, this place was actually not bad. Decent population after midnight and good music. A few quirky things: the bar is oddly low, which prevents you from leaning against it. Also, there are no bathrooms in the club.. you'll have to leave and go to the hotel restroom, weird.
3	I was here on Sunday night for DJ Eric Cubeechee's bday party. Tight:-Since I stayed at Treasure Island, there was no cover and and also no hobbling on the sidewalk with tired ass feet.-No line, probably because it was Sunday. My friend and I arrived at midnight and walked right in.-Good size, more loungey than club so don't expect all these crazy ass rooms. -"VIP" area has poles, which I didn't dance on but I did get to dance on the platform next to it..."Big booty ho's come with it!"-DJ was on hit! Cubeechee played all the jams, I'm looking forward to any other events that he'll be dj'ing.-Dress code was lax that night, saw dudes with kicks on.Wack:-No where to sit, as usual.I think what made this place cool was that certain night because the DJ was on point. I would come back here if I were staying at Treasure Island or if there were a special event going on.
4	i guess when you rate a certain place in vegas, it all really depends on how much fun YOU had and YOUR experience with your friends.  i loved that place! i had such a good time.  we got their at 11, and that night for girls.. it was free drinks till 12. and sooo i had many.  it was a saturday night.  there were lots of people.  i went to that location when it used to be Tangerine.. but i think it looks better now, and theres more people.  theres a small, tiny outdoor area, with an outdoor bar. the bartenders were great. the music that night was, i forget, but they have a good-sized dance floor. :)
5	Happening club. Great place to see and be seen.
2	Frankly, I am astounded this place has gotten the reviews it has.I guess, overall, its not an entirely hateful place.  I was able to get in immediately with a ladies VIP pass despite there being a huge crowd outside, and the music wasn't totally ridiculous.  I had a couple of drinks that were reasonably mixed and weren't too overpriced.  Um........ I think that's about it for the good thingsOn to the bad things - this place is freakin small man.  like ridiculous for a place calling itself a nightclub.  maybe it was the night i was there, about a week after their grand opening and on a Sunday, but it was so packed i don't think i even got on the actual dance floor till after 1am.  there was a stupid amount of females in there compared to males.  like other people have mentioned, the dress code was totally random.  i saw a lady, not a girl, a grown ass lady in there with some dirty aerobic walking shoes like she had been to every point on the strip that day.  craziness.  the bathroom is outside of the club, so not only did i put off going until the very last moment, but once i got there i had to force myself to go back into the club - the damn casino, with its free drinks, was right there calling.  and finally, maybe it's just me, but i never located this alleged patio outside area.  and no i don't drink that much, its just extremely dark in there and they had one security guy in particular i didn't feel like going near.  maybe that was the door outside, who knows.anyway, this would be a good place to start off a night, provided you were already in TI.  I guess if you had bottle service this joint wouldn't be so bad, those areas looked pretty decent and are not like right on top of the dance floor so you can enjoy yourselves.  i personally wouldn't make a special trip here though, even for free admission.
4	I guess my review is a bit bias and applies to ONLY the ladies...I came here w/ my group of friends: 7 guys, 3 girls (including myself). 5 guys were already staying at Harrah's, the rest of us were guests of TI.For the guys, they got dicked pretty hard by the PURE management group for bottle service. They were told it would cost $30-40 ea, but they failed to mention that they were going to add gratuity & charged for the extra bottle of champagne. Their total came to about $450 - over $60/ea. The guys were severely pissed.As the night progressed, the experience just got sh!ttier and sh!ttier as it went on...However, for us 3 girls.... we were given FREE comp passes (they were actually paper bracelets) w/ FREE drinks by a host standing near the strip entrance to the casino floor. As soon as we entered the dance floor, we were quickly escorted to the VIP area filled w/ other ladies, hosts, and bouncers. This VIP area consisted of 2 dance poles in the back and BOTTOMLESS CHAMPAGNE!!!  We did hangout w/ the other guys at their ripped off table, but kept going back to our VIP section multiple times to refill our glasses w/ champagne. We eventually found ourselves escorted to the PRIVATE VIP tables located outside, next to the smoking area/outdoor patio. We drank ourselves silly w/ a bottle of Belvedere vodka mixed w/ our choices of redbull, cranberry, and/or mango juice.As the night went on, our experience kept getting better and better...+1 for a taste of that "Vegas" experience.+1 for spending absolutely $0 for cover, VIP access, and alcohal.+1 for pole-dancing w/ my friends and getting our freak on.+1 for having your friend as the "hot chick" for VIP access...LOL.+1 for getting invited to VIP afterparty for all of PURE's hosts @ LAX/Luxor because of said "hot" friend.+1 for a good time because we have a "va-jay-jay".-1 for the guys getting dicked pretty hard.-1 for not going to LAX because we were too sh!tfaced to walk a straight line.-1 for losing my self-esteem to the bottom of my shoe just by standing next to my friend. She attracted ALL the attention...  i_iI feel kinda guilty for admitting this, but clubbing w/ guys will always hold the girls back!!
2	Ed Hardy is tacky as nails. I ate at social house above it. I'm not fond of this club and the fact that Costco sells these shirts. No cheerios here.
2	Since we were staying at TI, we got into this club for free, which is what I was expecting. The music was not as "mixed" as I thought. The DJ kept playing the same "type" of music and didn't really try to mix it up .The crowd was very "interesting", a lot of the people looked like the usually don't go "clubbing" and just wanted to see how a club in Vegas went down. I would not pay to get into this venue. I think its more like, "hey, we don't have bottle service or don't want to run into a long line or crowd, lets just stop by here" type of venue.
3	Ah the old tangerine. No line and no cover on a thurs night. We did a quick in and out before heading upstairs to sleep. The layout is still the same as tangerine with the same type of music. They have all these douchebags in ed hardy gear passing out passes. Inside however, no ed hardy shirts around. The crowd was kinda B&T so we called it a night. It was a shame because the music was ok and there was actually space to dance. If you go to the bigger clubs like tao or pure, you will learn to appreciate dance floor space.
5	Went there Weds night after Jet and there was NO LINE. We went to bouncer and asked if there was a private party to which he replied, "No" and something about waiting for us to get it started and let us (2 females) in free. It was smaller than what I got from the website but music was good. Although the dance floor was tiny, it wasn't packed. There were only couples dancing until we joined them. Again, guys lining the bars, VIP tables....Went back on a Sunday night and again, no line. One of the bouncers remembered us and let us through the ropes right away. Despite my friend being stalked by a guy who just didn't get it, we had a great time dancing. The DJs changed it up a bit and didn't have long lulls in between songs like Perfecto at Rain but that's another review.I was wearing flats and kept getting stuck to the sticky floors despite the staff constantly wiping down the spills. Please hold on to your drinks!
2	This place is AIITE.We went on a Sunday night.. which I guess is industry night for the locals.  We were able to get a comp bottle of vodka so my girlfriends and I were very thankful for the free booze and a place to sit (as our feet were still hurting from the night before).We got there around 11pm and it was still pretty empty.  The place started to fill up around 1130pm-midnight-ish so that was good... There was a group of like 20 people sitting next to us and oh man, I think they were from the boonies of something cuz they totally did not look like they fit in (no offense).  But at least they were having a good time?!?!And then the table next to us... good lordy.. it was like a constant lapdance striptease action going on b/w this one girl and guy.  OH MAN.  I was originally going to give this place 3 stars but the reason why I bumped it down to 2 is b/c .... they weren't letting people outside to the patio!!  How WHACK is that?!?!  At least when it was Tangerine before, people were allowed to freely go back and forth from the inside of the club to the outside patio area where you get a pretty good view of the strip.  So.. if the crowds at TAO and XS are from the VARSITY team.. and the crowd at PURE is from the JV team... then.. the crowd at Christian Audigier is from the frosh/soph team.OH MAN.  All I gotta say is thank goodness for the free booze.
5	l0ved it... had a blasst.. ended up getting left behind by my b0i's but i was stuck with a good friend.... as alwaysss with bottle service it made the night go even better... i must say the vip line was kinda long but it managed to go by pretty quick. i loved how everything was very stylish , you didn't have to come all dressed up it was more of a relaxed club .... but still was kept classssyyy :)
5	I loved this place! Both nights we went they had 5 dollar drinks, which was such a relief after the $14 cocktails at so many other bars. The music was nothing special, but the club was cool. I liked the different areas to dance, but the best part was the patio. Even though the tables outside were only for bottle service, the rest of the patio was open. It was so beautiful outside, that standing there on the "lake" with the amazing view felt so great. What a cool set up. I would definitely come back here.
3	We only went in because we were staying in Treasure Island and wouldn't have to pay cover. As it turned out, they didn't seem to charge cover anyway. Place opens at 10:30, and you can get bottle service, which starts at $100 for this and that. I didn't want this and that, though, I just wanted to see why the hell anyone would be attracted to a club where so many douche nozzles wore the eponymous clothing line. That's the only reason why I agreed to stand in line with all the other curious discotequers; I pretended I was doing an ethnographic study. Really.Why they had people stand in line was a mystery because once we got inside, there was plenty of room and just a smattering of Paris and Lindsey wannabes getting all scripted-reality-drama lusty with the boys donning Ed Hardy shirts. Inside's actually pretty cool with the blue-lit bar and shiny surfaces. Drink prices are neither pretty nor cool--$10 for a well drink served in a rinky dink plastic cup. We had the good fortune of standing next to the long glass wall, from which we got the insider's view of the evening's pirate show. Now, THAT was a treasure. If you enjoy a bit of ahoy matey theatrics with merry singing and cavorting and gunfire and even a sinking ship, then you will be served, in a most fantastic way. But then the show ended, and we quickly grew bored and left with the satisfaction of knowing that we would not need to go back there or buy the dopey gear.
5	Okay, 5 stars may look a little odd but it's the truth! I can't deny it.This particular Thursday night at Audigier was sort of our Las Vegas welcoming party. It was great to say the least. When we first arrived all we did was show ID and were inside enjoying good mixed music, and $4 drinks. From there we met all sorts of fun people, and even started our own little party in the back (which we thought was a VIP area).All in all the people, prices, and overall atmosphere were fantastic. We are heading back in a couple weeks and already have a table lined up at Audigier!
4	I found bottle service for this place on vegas.com for $100.  Yes.  Bottle service, Vegas, $100.  No it's not the greatest club in Vegas, but we had a great time.  I couldn't tell you what the inside looked like because we were immediately escorted to our table outside on the patio.  The service was good, our waitress was nice, they were always filling up the ice and refilling the mixers.  The bouncers were even cool.  They let a couple of my hubby's friends in without waiting or cover.  The music was good, alot of MJ that particular weekend.  So if you want to drink, dance, and not put up with other clubs pretentious BS this is a good place.
1	D-bag city.  Luckily we got in free with some VIP passes they were handing out at the entrance to TI.  This place is small, plays crappy music and was full of douchey people decked out from head to toe in Ed Hardy gear. We stayed here long enough to watch the pirate show from the outdoor patio and then bolted.  I didn't even buy a drink here because I didn't want to give them any money at all.
5	AHH! Probably my favorite club in Las Vegas! My cousins and I were feelin the music here! Great music with some reggae, old school and current hiphop songs.  We came here on a Sunday night so it wasn't that packed.  The patio was small with some VIP tables.  We were able to get a VIP spot on one of the couches since it was empty and off to the sides. Right next to the AC too oh yeah! There were some bad dancers in the house that night but it was entertaining to watch.  the plus of the night: We danced with Supercr3w! They won second season of America's Best Dance Crew.  Well there were only two members that were there that night.  So okay fine, we just danced with Jon "Do-Knock" Cruz.  Ronnie Boy was there with his girlfriend so he was chillin with her. Do-Knock was the nicest guy ever! As soon as we threw up the S signs, he came to us and said hi, took a few pictures and even danced in our circle!! However, the club roped off their VIP section so we had to go find a different spot.  But Do Knock felt bad and found us and danced with us again! He apologize for being us being asked to move and even tried to convince the security not to move us! Great guy!!
5	Went here last weekend while I was in Vegas. I had a great time no cover and free drinks from 10:30pm - 1 am. The bartenders are awesome and make a strong ass drink. I got drunk for free and that is always a PLUS. The patio is GREAT you get a GOOD VIEW of the strip and the pirate show. The music is good best days to go are Friday and Saturday they play better music. Wasn't feeling so much Sundays music. I wouldn't agree to call it DOUCHE BAG CITY. Yes, the people who were there were honestly dressed pretty casual. I would return, when I go back to Vegas. I agree, guys tend to get screwed over at this club.
2	Why does this man have a club in Vegas!?!  This club is small, with one dancefloor and a small patio in the back.  Drinks are standard, but they couldn't make our scooby snacks cuz they had no whipped cream... The guys are less scandalous than the guys you'd find in Tao, but some of them were definitely more creepy.  I was busy rejecting this one guy when he told me that he liked being rejected by me.  That's when I took it as my cue to run to my guy friend and and beg, "save me, save me, save me..."
1	Won't ever come back here.  The security guards are pricks, the place was too small and the drinks were ok.  The highlight of my night was the one bartender who hooked up an extra dose of patron for my friend and I.  Other than that, this place was mediocre at best.
3	we figured we may as well check it out since we were staying at TI and thus had free access. also, I had missed the pirate show and wanted to see it, and the club had a great view right in front of it. the ends justify the means, no?it was a decent place. for some reason my friends were being charged randomly-determined prices for drinks (anywhere from $5 to $9) while mine were all $5. maybe they feared the wrath of a guy who kept loudly proclaiming that he should have worn his eyepatch (I left it in the hotel room, then thought I lost it)?we got there just when it opened, and it was fairly empty, but filled up quick. but it wasn't crowded, you could move around comfortably.music was mostly pop and hip-hop, some mashups. not really my cup of tea, but I doubt they would attract many people with my type of music anyway. you don't see many people dancing to church-burning Norwegian black metal these days, I guess.if anything, just go to see the pirate show from up close.
4	I had a great time here. I got bottle service and an awesome table, it was completely reasonable and everyone had a blast. The music was pretty tight and we got a free up close and personal view of the pirate show! My cocktail waitress was smoking hot too!! =) cant really complain about that too much. Spin your the man!
3	Went here on a Sunday night cause some short Viet promoter chick gave us free passes.  Heard this place used to be called Tangerine.  Was literally in here for only like 15-20 minutes or like 3-4 songs or something like that.  Got in for free in like 2 minutes since there was no line at all.  Mexican bouncer called me and my friend gangsters from San Jose and Garlic Town cause he was from the bay too.  Har har har...Funny guy, but yeah.They had the Filipino DJs over here, so it was all ass bumpin hip-hop music getting bumped over here.  Too bad the place was small and the crowd wasn't as crackin.  Liked the music, not the venue or the crowd on a Sunday night.  I'm sure it's better on a Friday or Saturday night, but I'd probably rather spend a Friday or Saturday night in Vegas elsewhere like XS.  But good bump-n-grind hip-hop music over here if you're looking to party somewhere small and not as big in Vegas.Minus 2 stars for the Ed Farty gear!  Esta no bueno!!!
4	NOTE: This review is from the perspective of a 42 year old who has yet to get old....in Vegas with a group of 30-40ish single & married GFs who love to dance!We went to this place twice during our trip, both times free with free drinks. In my opinion, the decor is kind of personality-less...at least with the lights down low. Nothing really popped out. We all liked the smaller size of the club and the outdoor patio where you could sit down and cool off (it would be nice if the music was muted a bit out there so you could have an actual conversation, which was impossible anywhere in this club). Our bartender was a total jerk as soon as he saw we were using our free drink wristbands (as if we wouldn't???)...I never went back to the bar again on either visit, even when I felt like actually buying a drink. The first time we went was a Thursday night...we arrived at 10:30 pm to an empty club. The only benefit of this early arrival was VIP seating on the couches off to the side of the dance floor. For about the first hour, the music was a bit too techno and we lost one of our friends to her bed upstairs. Then, it was like the DJ got a sudden clue and played excellent music for the rest of the night. We danced the night away with a British guy traveling alone who we adopted as our permanent dance partner.Saturday night we returned after being disappointed by longer lines or a lack of dancing at a couple of other places around town. Even though it was a few minutes to midnight, we got in for free again...too crowded to get a VIP table, so we just stayed on the dance floor all night. The crowd was definitely wilder this time and it was pretty jammed. The DJ didn't disappoint us and played perfect music all night long. There was some dirty dancing going on, but not nearly the level that we encountered at Pure...some of us were "claimed", but it was pretty easy to escape if you wanted to. The crowd was a little bit older...I think I saw some guys who had been shaving for at least 10 years. I ended up being stalked the entire night by a pretty strange European guy with a wandering mouth and hands...I let him hang around simply to serve as eye candy. Between me being firm and club security watching out for me, I never felt unsafe. However, after sobering up later that night and having an audible conversation with my friends, I do believe I danced the night away with a burgeoning serial killer... We'll go back here for a night of dancing when we're back in Vegas for another girls' weekend...
3	I can't hate on it because we had a great time, it wasn't disgustingly crowded, we got free drink wristbands and entrance, the d.j/music was definitely off the hook and the staff wasn't rude. I didn't see anything really "Audiger" -ish other than the waitresses, barbacks, and bartenders wearing Ed-Hardy shirts. IF you don't want to wait in line, don't want drama, go here. IF you want to party like you own the world go to XS at Encore.
3	Hold up, Christian Audigier ?? Isn't that the Ed Hardy stuff? He has his own nightclub in Vegas? Will have crazy douchbag designs all over the place? Will it be filled with gaudy decor? Will this place be filled with douchbags wearing Ed Hardy gear? You know the shirts and hats and shoes? I'm glad to report that this place isn't as douchbagery as I thought it would be. Yes, Christian Audigier is the designer for Ed Hardy and he does has his own nightclub inside Treasure Island (it use to be Tangerine). So I did a short wikipedia of Christian Audigier out of curiousity and found out that he was the one responsible for Von Dutch and Ed Hardy and he is from France. Which I'm not a big fan of either...but obviously people love his shit. No, the club was not gaudy (it was actually super dark) and filled with "Ed Hardy" design stuff. And no one was sporting the "Ed Hardy" gear...I was shocked. I thought that the bouncer and security should wear his gear as a uniform or something. What I liked:- definitely the DJ here took the cake for me, they were so good. I loved it and I danced the night away till it closed. - drinks were cheap compared to vegas clubs. - we got in for free..and I was able to wear my converse inside!! My feet were aching so I had to change shoes. Awesome!! comfortable shoes make for awesome dance moves! - It wasn't so crowded by the time we arrived and so we had more room to dance. What I did not like: - no coat check and the security wouldn't let us leave our jackets anywhere.- It's affiliated with Christian Audigier = Ed HardyI'd come back if it was free...and if I can wear comfortable shoes.
2	Seriously the music was awful all the samples were "get your ass, drink, hands etc. up" mostly pop with somewhat vulgar loops thrown in. Got in free but didn't stay for more then a few songs.  It's a decent looking club, but not worth a lot of time or cash.
3	Guys in Ed Hardy shirts - check (although less than one would expect at a nightclub named after the Ed Hardy designer)Weird sunken bar that makes it a tad awkward to order drinks - checkNo line and no cover on a Saturday night - check (TI guests - even guys - get in for free)Good music all night long - checkPlenty of space to dance due to a moderate sized crowd - checkPatio with a nice view of the Strip - checkI wanted to hate this nightclub. I went in expecting it to be douched out to the hundredth degree and it wasn't. Even the clientele was less douche-tastic than I thought. In fact, there is very little about this club that makes it memorable or worth the time to go out of your way to check it out. Go if you are staying at TI. If you aren't, there are better clubs on the Strip.
1	I cant believe that the profile picture for this place is even on here because when i went there was no hot bitches anywhere. They were all middle aged-senior citizen status. This place has pretty good ratings but dont spend your time here. look at the other ratings for other clubs like XS, TAO, JET, etc etc. they all have way better/reviews than this piece of shit '' club ''. horrible music. over priced watered-down drinks. Rude bartenders. Rude bouncers by the way! trying to act like theyre really important in this world when theyre 35 year old men that get paid 10 dollars an hour to dress up like the men that theyre NOT. ha. This page is very deceiving because it looks like you could have a good time here with alotta good looking people but dont let it fool you. even RUBY SKYE has its good days and they can even look like theyre a '' cool '' club. This club is packed with people that graduated high school LAST MILLENNIUM(literally). They just get drunk and lose all their money in gambling so they just hop into this club cuz its convenient if you stay at the treasure island hotel. It's not worth your night in LAS VEGAS to be spending it here. I wasted a night in Sin City that i cannot get back because i wasted it here =( YOU SHOULD GO TO TAO they have really hot girls and most girls get in for free and can even get drink tickets ! Me and my friend got 4 drink tickets and got ourselves 4 grey goose+tonic that night FOR FREE. There were almost naked HOT girls in bathtubs with flowers covering their nipples and only wearing thongs dancing to the good vibe music. Definately a hot spot.
2	Poor Treasure Island, oh I mean "TI" thinks they have a 'night club' to offer their guests. The good thing is the hubby and I both got in for free our first night in town and there was no line. We were staying in TI, it was thursday, it was pouring rain and we'd just flown in so were lazy and didn't feel like trying to make a decision on where to go, what to wear blah blah so we just went downstairs. Got there right before midnight which i realize in vegas is like happy hour time, but geez there was only about 5 people in the place. It was empty, cold and small. The bar is very low, we both being very tall folks thought this was odd and just begged to be treated like a bench and be sat on since there were not bar stools. The staff was friendly enough, but they'd have to be terrible to not be with such a small crowd to serve. There was a nice looking patio outside with heaters that overlooked the water and the strip, had it not been raining it would have been a nice addition. Perhaps if the place is ever popular id imagine that area being full and lively. The only reason Im giving it 2 stars is because its still newish, clean and doesnt smell and the DJ w as really good. Even though the dance floor was empty we stood somewhat nearby and danced a  bit before leaving. I felt bad for the dJ working at some a lame place because he played some fun stuff and if there was enough peps for a crowd it there would definetly have been a full dance floor.
3	It was a friday night and the place was less then packed! only reason we checked it out was passes with free champagne all night, and boy was it ALL NIGHT! we got invited to vip and that was cool, but all in all more of an older aged vibe (im 24, most of the peeps looked more early 30's) music was okay, not many dancers. POINT IS i probably wont go back... at least not til i turn 30 lol
4	Our large group (25+) of men and women got free passes  at freevegasclubpasses.com so decided to go simply because it was free and several people were staying at TI. We expected it to be douchy. It wasn't. The bouncers and bartenders were all super nice. The dress code was a bit more relaxed than other places - a relief for some of our group.  There wasn't a line and the music was good. It is also super easy to leave, go to the casino or room and come back in. It is not the huge pretentious Vegas club experience - but who needs that every night. I highly recommend for a night of dancing! We all had a great time and would certainly go back.  Oh, and if your group is all ladies you can get free drink bands by finding a promoter in the evening (near the club entrance)
3	It may not considered to be one of the main clubs in Vegas, but since they pass out free entrance tickets for guys and girls and since they don't act like they are the shit, I give this place 3 stars.We went in, bought a few drinks and got drunk before we headed over to XS.  I think this place used to be called Tangerine.  I honestly don't have much to say about this place, but it wasn't that bad and we had fun in there :)  If you want a laid back club without worry about cover charge or long line, check out Christian Audigier.  It's not so bad~
4	So we were stayin at TI, so where else do u start bachelor nite II? haha.. Fo shure were expecting a lot of douchery in the form of Ed Hardy and Affliction shirts.. But we were pleasantly suprised..After havin a good run on the black jack tables, we started the nite out here.. The music was poppin, drinks were suprisingly cheap, and the peeps were cool.. Bachelor was hit on by all the ladies 2.. ahah..I even got to sneak in the VIP section and hung out wid all the special peeps!! haha.. I liked it cuz 1)It was free!, 2)Quite spacious (loved the outside where u can chill wid a view of the strip, 3) Music was actually chill and good..Again.. A great place to start the nite off on the way to somewhere else... Would of gave this place 5stars but the pregnant bartender was a buzz kill.. haha..
1	This place is dead!!!  They created this club after scarying off all the loyal people that attended it when it was still Tangerine.... this is a terrible place to hangout.. that's why they give girls all you can drink for free hahaha!!!
2	It was funny seeing all the boys in their Ed Hardy shirts.  A bit older crowd.  Scene not as poppin.  Typical hip hop.  Small dance floor.  Overlooks the Treasure Island lagoon so that was kind of nice.  Open bar until 1am.  Another pre-party spot.  =]
1	ugh... never again... the DJ was horrible.. he would put one upbeat song, to follow it with something slow.. dont be enticed by their "free drinks" that the club promoters might offer you outside of the hotel.. they dont tell you that its only one kind of drink that is free and it basically has no alcohol on it... the crowd was gross too... never again.When this club used to be Tangerine, it was a diff story..
4	I went on a Saturday night, got the hook up for VIP passes and had free drinks all night long =)  The DJ was was really good. The place was packed with mid 20's  Loved the Ed Hardy decorations. We're planing on going back in August, but this times we're getting vip bottle service. Its really not that expensive at all! Hint for everyone... surf the web for promoters.. You'll get into tons of clubs for  free and great bottle deals!
3	We were able to get in free because we were staying at TI, but it was pretty empty around midnight. Music was ok, definitely an older crowd than what I'm used to since I'm only 21. The dance floor was pretty small though. I did like that there was a patio area which is nice when you are getting too warm from dancing. I'm thinking it might have just been an off weekend, but I'd like to go again when its more crowded.
2	I went here when this place first opened back in 2008.  Surprisingly, it was easy to get in even with our big group with a lot of guys.  The place is small but decorated with a Rock & Roll vibe i.e. blinged out skulls everywhere.  It's got a nice open patio with a bar that over-looks the strip.  I don't remember there being a lot of Ed Hardy douche bags there either...surprisingly!  Even the doormen were nice.  I remember the music being totally my type and I loved it.  Lots of Lil' Wayne is what makes me happy.  The dress code is a little more relaxed than other clubs.  It's not glitzy like Tryst or XS.  Mixed crowd, aged 20s-late 30s, all types of people.Two downsides:  1)  Absolutely no where to sit whatsoever.  Ladies, leave those 4 inch stilettos for a different night.  2)  There were about half a dozen fights inside and outside the club while we were here.  Guy fights, chick fights, guy vs. chick, drinks flying, people shoving, and all.  Some people like seeing this sort of thing.  I, however, do not.  It's ghetto and not classy.  Quit that crap!
4	I went to Vegas for a friends bachelor party last weekend and stayed at Treasure Island (TI), where the club is located. The club itself is somewhat small but very well-kept. I like that it is half inside and half outside. The bartenders were very friendly and it wasn't hard to get a drink. I actually went back the next night for a little bit and they both remembered me. If you are staying at the hotel and get there before midnight, cover is free. Don't be a second late past midnight though, because even if you are staying at the hotel, they will charge you $40 cover. It was seriously 12:02am and they wouldn't let us in without paying. It's Vegas though, and it would have been $40 anywhere else, right? So, if you don't feel like hitting up the huge mega-clubs and feel like keeping it smaller but still having a really, really good time, then try Cristian Audigier.
3	so we went here for my friends bachelor party and wow we walked right in and this place was dead..no one was there...the place was really small inside...decor was okay i guess...we hung out for a hr and started downing drinks and the place started to get poppin.  that when it got pretty fun...if you are looking to get into a club fast then check this place out...will i go back...i dont know really..we will see
3	If you come here hang outside away from the bar, there are plenty of waitress' and on Saturdays the DJ, DJ Reaction spins, and he is FRICKEN GREAT. A really cool feel and the design flows well from entrance to end. But be kind to the bouncers here cause I saw them get slapped a when I was there by a lady who was shouting "MY SON IS A MARINE! HE'S FIGHTING FOR YOUR FREEDOM!" as her husband drug her away screaming through the casino.... after that these guys were super cool. Enjoy.
5	Dude, I had hella fun here. I love the outside area where you can see the view of the strip. We met some nice gents and gave us a lot of adult beverages. And they play the best music here we even danced on stage! The bouncers were super cool, too. Will most definitely come back here again!
2	Well we got free passes since we stayed at the Treasure Island...and when we got there it was still super empty....and they were playing trance music that kinda just made me take a good nap....they had free drinks that night "Lemon Drops" more like lemonade and water!!.... it was hard to tell if this club was going to get any better, and we didnt want to risk it so we left and were planning to come back latr since they had "in and outs"...but we never made it back..... HmMmM wonder if it got better....the patio did have a beautiful view of the strip and the little "lake" very nice club.
2	I've been to many a club and this one ranks at the very bottom. I can't even put into words how much I dislike this place. And it's not from one single experience, I've tried this club 3 times! why???pros:1. It was located in my hotel2. It was free3. Did I mention it was located in my hotel?cons:1. Tiny2. DJ sucked3. empty( where's the promoter when you need him?)4. Drinks were watered down. I understand they're expensive, it is Vegas. 5. Ed HardyI guess this just isn't the place for me. I'm into the big crowds and this isn't the place you'll find em.
3	Am I surprised they're closed?  No.  Does it make me a little sad?  Yes.They gave us free table service......but their go-go dancers had cellulite.There's a great view of the TI pirate show on the balcony......but the club is ridiculously empty.I met some really interesting people......but they were crazy.  Really crazy.The memories were probably better than the reality.  Especially after an entire bottle of vodka split between 5 people.
