3	I will just lay out the differences from the other 3000 Jack in The Boxes around town.1. Very friendly staff every time I go thru the drive thru2. Drive thru seems faster than most3. Restaurant is cleaner than average
4	I love the 1$ drink promotion, though I am sad their tea is now concentrate not fresh brewed..but they are always SO nice every time I went through the drive through for a tea and brownies at 7am, yes pregnancy does weird things to people:)
3	Another typical Jack in the Box location. They aren't particular remarkable. Like most, they are fast and efficient. The service is friendly and they are accurate with their orders. I have no qualms about stopping by the next time I'm in the area.
3	Went today to try the Fajita Ranch Melt.  The sandwich was OK, nothing too special.  I would never want to pay $3.99 for it though.  I only got it because I had a coupon which got the sandwich free with purchase of a large drink.  It was not big enough to be worth the price.  Aside from this visit I have been here many times and I am usually happy with the service, but mostly I come here with coupons looking for a cheap alternative.  Can't beat the cheap 2 tacos for 99 cents.  I would consider giving JITB 4 stars for the breakfast alone though because it is so much better than any other fast food place.  Overall, good food, can be pricey or cheap depending on what you want, and the service is good, but don't expect too much because it is still just a fast food restaurant.
5	Ok I am not ashamed to admit that on occasion I like to slum it with some fast food. Jack In The Box has a great hook. When you get your receipt there is a stamp on it that entitles you to TWO FREE TACOS on your next visit after 2 PM! I also want to recognize the staff at this particular Jack In The Box, they are always very nice. The restaurant is always clean. If you are not in the mood for tablecloths and fine dining stop by, don't be such a  snob. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	It's fast food, not real healthy, some what good, and it fills the void when you can 't go someplace better.
3	Jack in the box is just a normal fast food place. Not great but not bad. I like 2 minutes away from it so I go there a lot and have started to become sick of it. The 2 tacos for a dollar is a good deal. They are yummy. The jr bacon burger is also really good. I like the teriyaki chicken bowl. Didn't even know they had it for a long time. Their curly fries and potato wedges are really good. The wedges are really greasy and look kinda gross but they are good. Their hamburgers are meh.
2	We always eat here but, mostly by drive thru. This time we decided to go inside. Only one person in the seating area. As my husband placed our order blueberry oatmeal and crossiant egg sandwich with hash brown I went to sit down.They have only one full booth and a half booth the rest were table and chairs. I sat down at the table and the chairs were very uncomfortable. We moved to the one booth. MUCH BETTER. My husband went to use the restroom and he said they did not have soap to wash hands with and its the only place to go to , so that meant the male workers weren't using soap after the bathroom. He told the manager and all she said was OH, we will look into that.Most of the tables and the floor was dirty and this was 9:30am. My hash brown tasted like it was cooked in old oil. But, I do have to say the Blueberry oatmeal was wonderful!!
