5	I finally found a tailor! Yea!!!Fatemeh, the owner, is always here and she is SO nice! I've had several things altered here already, ranging in complexity from the  hemming of a pair of dress pants to the total refitting of a long, complex, embroidered dress skirt from India. Everything has turned out lovely, and the prices are great, too ($9.50 for a pair of pants is just fine with me). They'll even rush orders, if you need it. I highly recommend this place. Just don't tell too many other people, or I won't be able to get my same-day alterations :)
5	I'm 4'11" and there is not one single pair of pants at any store that I can wear right off the rack unless the store carries a "short" length.  After finally getting fed up with hemming (if you can call it that) my own pants, and then tripping when my heels get caught in my bad hem job, I decided that I make a decent enough living and can afford to pay a tailor to do it right.Wasn't sure where to go, so my first thought was Delia's Cleaners, since they have a sign that says they do alterations. While I do make a decent living, I do a lot of second-hand-clothes shopping, so I was not about to pay $12 to hem some pants that cost me $8.00. And then I read some reviews about this and the reviews didn't inspire much confidence in the quality of the service I'd be getting for that.As I drove out of the Safeway shopping plaza where Delia's is located, I noticed a small "alterations" place across the street: A Stitch in Time. Coincidence? I think not. Fate is more like it.And "fate" is part of her name: FATEMEH! She is awesome! I walked in there with a large bag full of all the pants I ever hemmed badly or rolled up. At least 8 pants on that first visit. Fatemeh had me try each one on, and she quickly put some pins into one leg of each pair of pants. She asked me when I needed them back, and when I said by this time next week (expecting her to say no way, or that 'll cost ya) she said OK! Not a problem. I was worried because I didn't even check for references or anything and had just driven up there. So this was a big leap of faith with almost all the pants I own. I was THRILLED when I got them back. Every single one of them was a perfect fit, and the stitching was excellent. Not only that, she ironed all of them! Those poor pants hadn't had face-time with a good pressing in a looong time! What's more, Fatemeh was so grateful for the business. She thanked me an awkward number of times during the 5 or 6 minutes I was there to pick up my items. I thought it was maybe because there were so many and it was a big bill, but she was just the same with the other people who were there as well. I say it was awkward because I rarely encounter a business owner who THANKS customers or clients, as most people act so entitled or like you owe them something. It was refreshing. She just genuinely appreciates her clients. Well Fatemeh, this client genuinely appreciates you, too. I appreciate her so much I have been a repeat customer at least 6 more times in the past 8 months.
3	After reading the reviews, I decided to try this place.  I needed two pairs of jeans hemmed by next day so when I called, I made sure that I asked the question.  The lady on the phone was VERY NICE  saying "sure sure of course" but most of what she said was a little hard to understand since she had a very heavy accent.  When I brought my designer jeans in, they were nice but kinda passive.  I asked the question again and their answer was "oh...well, ok I guess."  The end result was not that good.  Yes, they were ready for pick up by the next day BUT the quality of work was....well, not the best.Would I go back? umm...probably, if I can't find anywhere else.*Price = good...$9.50/pair of jeans for hemming*Service = ok*Quality of work = average at best
5	They did a great job on my dress. Service was super, super nice! Turn-around time was fast and the price was totally reasonable.
4	I had a very pleasant experience with A Stitch in Time.  Just got a new pair of rather expencive jeans and needed them a lot shorter.  I was really nervous about turning my jeans over to just any store so I read the reviews of the locations near my house and was happy to find such a nice, inexpensive place to close to my house.  The owner was very polite,  and I will be going back very soon.  I got my pants back in 2 days for only 10 dollars and they did a very good job.
2	I have been going here for 4 or 5 years now because I really TRY to be a loyal customer.  I can't justify spending any more money here.  5 years in the owner is nice to me, but still doesn't know my name.  I go there 10 times a year minimum - so it shouldn't be that hard to at least RECOGNIZE me.I decided to have my wedding dress altered there this year because I knew and trusted her.  She made a big to do about my dress and my wedding, but when I stopped by with my ENTIRE wedding party to pick up ALL of our dresses, she had no idea what we were talking about.  "Dress?  What type of dress?"  Uh, my WEDDING dress?  The only one in the store?  Hanging right there?Every pair of pants she has hemmed for me - from jeans to slacks - has been too short, by over an inch, and she charged me SIX dollars to sew a button back on... when I brought her the button.I am sure there is better service elsewhere, along with better prices.
5	I love having custom fit clothes. You know, where the hem of your trousers hits just perfectly at the base of your shoe or how the cuff of your jacket hits right at your wrist. I'm 5"4 and long waisted, so clothes off the rack look okay but never WOW...and I'm a fan of the WOW. I love to shop and I love to bargain shop, finding that perfect St. John's suit jacket or Tahari skirt and then put everything together just so, so why not customize the fit as well, I figure! Especially when Stitch in Time takes just a few days to get me to knock 'em dead.I first came to Stitch in Time after being recommend by the Dilliard's suit salesman, great guy by the way, and i needed a suit altered within hours, literally for a funeral out of town. Stitch in Time came through. We explained our situation and the owner told us after 4pm the entire suit would be ready. Same day service, I was thrilled.  Since that fateful test by fire, I have brought numerous pairs of pants in for alteration- that whole 5'4 can be a pain and I get right in and out and back in a few days to pick up my clothes. I  have even gotten creative and bought a skirt, knowing I'll want it taken from A-line to pencil and Stitch in Time puts it together for just a few dollars. My clothes may be bargain but my look never is.  I have Stitch in Time to Thank for my million dollar, custom looking wardrobe.
5	This woman can sew leather! I've had my motorcycle leathers repaired by her...AWESOME job! She was so reasonable I left her a big tip. Today, I dropped off a motorcycle racing glove that needed to be re-stitched...I know, as always, it will be done properly, on time and with care. "I Appreciate You" was her parting comment, and I know she does.
5	Picked up my glove the next day, as promised. Guess how much to HAND SEW a seam between my fingers?Three Dollars! I left a $5 tip. she's got my biz for life!
