4	Booked it last minute for Ironman Wisconsin.  My hotel rating is simple. If is a place I will go again it's an automatic 4 stars. Clean room gets a 4 stars as I don't use anything else in the hotel. I sleep, I shower, and I use the internet. Bonus point for microwave to heat up my Chicago pizza. This place also has stove, regular size refrigerator, and dish washer.
4	Generally, I don't stay at suite types of hotels but I was pleasantly surprised by this one.  My brother found it for all of us to stay at while in Madison for my uncle's funeral.  It's a little further out of town than I normally like but it's five minutes away from TownEast Mall and places to eat so it was perfect for the occasion.Right off the bat, because I have Hilton HHonors card, I got 500 bonus points and a chocolate bar and a bottle of water from the staff.  That was exactly what I needed.The room is large and had a fridge, microwave and a dishwasher.  None of which I needed but good to know.The free WiFi was such a joy and it was fast too.  Plenty of space to lay out my laptop and external hard drive.  Bed was comfortable although i did get bit up by something - fleas maybe. Flat screen was new with plenty of channels.The free breakfast was also good - cereals, oatmeals, bagels, fruit, muffins, coffee, OJ - all perfectly suited for us.After the funeral we returned and all of us sat in their 'family room' to play cards and have some cocktails.  Everyone was totally cool with that.I imagine that in the spring and summer this hotel stays very busy.One thing though, for some reason, they are not listed on the wall at the airport for their shuttle service.  You might want to call in advance.If I ever travel with a large group to Madison again, I'm sure we will stay there.  I highly recommend it!
2	Nice place and I did not stay there....but think twice before holding a meeting or multi-day conference here. They have one restroom per sex and those are one seaters only! Not cool. Also, I watched a bin of garbage sit under the stairway ALL WEEK....and it never got moved. Nice....
1	Pros: Got a deal on Priceline. Nice pool.Cons:---First suite we were given was freezing cold when we walked in. When we turned on the heater, a strong and horrible "burning" smell filled the room. I had to get my elderly mother and our things out of the room and then figure out how to shut down the heater-air conditioner unit.---Woke up to find a slip under our door saying our card was declined and to visit the front office, but we were already paid in full.---Got back to hotel in the late afternoon and the elevator to our room was shut down because of construction. Also the stairs closest to our room. My mom has cancer and limited mobility when her pain flares up and we had to walk the full length of the hotel, up the stairs and all the way back...I had specifically requested a room next to the elevator for this reason.Bottom line: First time and last time staying at a Staybridge Suites.
1	I would also like to note that the telephones in our room did not work (both) nor did the internet (as a business traveler, I need to be able to utilize the Wi-Fi.
