1	This is like the CVS of the large chains (Wal-Mart, Target)- only go here when there's a sale. Vicks VapoRub @ $7.00- regular price. Really?! Ridiculous.You walk in and it's terribly outdated- you feel like you're in an older Albertson's or Von's store. It's depressing. The food aisles are really bad and minimal at best. (The selection at Target makes this one laughable.) We came here recently and didn't get anything in the food aisle. Higher prices also the norm in the food aisles. Why are people still shopping here? Every time we pass by, there are a lot of cars in the parking lot. Must be the only store around. I'd rather go to the Walgreens down the street.
1	This store is awful. Please close it. They have a terrible level of quality service to customers and employees. The employees are some of the biggest jerk offs in the industry----when you work at a place like this, you should realize you probably are unqualified to do work anywhere because you are worthless. I would rather go to an inbred Walmart over this store. Don't expect help from a manager because the management team is too busy picking their butt to ever give customer service
5	I'm from the Mid South that's Memphis TN I like to use name brands that I grew up with so Kmart is my store. Its a bit over priced but how does that saying go...you get what you pay for.
3	This is an old Kmart and it looks rundown from the outside.  I needed to get some shower soap for my wife and the Kmart was across the street from United Nissan where I was having my car serviced.To my surprise, the inside of the store was just like any other Kmart.  It's old but it was clean and well stocked.  I found what I needed, walked to a register, and was out of the store in about 5 minutes.  The cashier was pleasant and it was an OK experience.I certainly wouldn't go to the other side of the valley to shop here, but if I am in the area and need something, I'll remember this place.
4	I only go here when I seriously need something, and when I come the store is always clean and they always have what I need. I have been is some bad Kmarts, and I don't think this is one of them.
