5	Great service!  They were on time and professional.  They fixed my garbage disposal quickly and were friendly.  I will use them again if I have any more plumbing needs.
5	Aaron of Paramount Plumbing is awesome!  I came home to my laundry room flooded and panicked.  Called Aaron and he was out in about an hour.  He was friendly, efficient and had my laundry room back to normal in less than 45 minutes.  The rates are reasonable as well, not what I expected for emergency service. Also, two week guarantee, first time that has ever been offered right away.   He will be the plumber I call from now on.
5	These guys definitely get a recommendation from me.  The nozzle under a bathroom sink broke and water was going everywhere.  I'm covering the leak with one hand and typing emergency plumber into yelp on my phone.  I clicked on these guys because they were the first one's I came across that said they were open (it was 8pm).  Aaron promptly answered the phone, got my address and said he'd be there shortly.  30 minutes later they were at the door.Not only did they quickly replace the broken nozzle, but they also diagnosed and fixed a hot water problem I was having with a couple of showers not heating up.  In and out in about 30 minutes.  1 hour earlier I thought my night was ruined.  An hour later thanks to Paramount we're back on track.Another thing I should mention.  In my haste to get the problem fixed I didn't bother to ask Aaron what their rates were.  He could have really taken it to me when I asked what I owed.  But his rates were VERY fair.  I appreciated that they didn't try to take advantage with some outrageous after hours charges.  If/when I have other plumbing problems I will surely be using Paramount.
5	Called on New Years Eve because I had a leaking water heater. They came out right away and confirmed it was the water heater and not any other plumbing problems. I asked if they could remove the old heater and I would like to install the new one myself. They didn't give me a hard time like other companies will if you say you want to do some of the job yourself. In fact, they gave me some pointers and warned me of some potential pitfalls. I asked for the bill and I think I was charged a very reasonable price. I will call Paramount again anytime I need plumbing help.
5	I received a quote from this company to have four faucets installed. I spoke with Aaron who was very professional and his quote was lower and more reasonable than anyone else I contacted. Their prices and professional attitude made them a company I would highly recommend.
5	This is the second time I have used Paramount and both times the service was excellent. The response time is fast as well as the service. Aaron is alway professional, he shows up at the exact time of the appointment and he fees are very reasonable.  If you want the best service possible at the best possible price then I would recommend calling Paramount for your next plumbing needs !!!
