5	When my mom said she was taking me to the new movie theater Uptown, I thought it would be as simple as us grabbing a bite and seeing Seven Pounds.But no. I got an entire EXPERIENCE.Having worked at an AMC before, I can confidently say that Epicentre Theaters is no ordinary movie theater. We walked our way up to the theater and were greeted by a velvet rope, a bouncer, and a revolving door that opened up to...sexiness! My mouth dropped when I walked into the lobby: a club-like place with house music flowing from upstairs. The ticket counter girls were hot. No oversized polo shirts and ill-fitting belted pants for these chickies; club apparel only. One of them patiently showed us on the screen which seats in the house were available before we purchased, which is only the coolest thing ever. We got our tickets and went up the escalator. Dancing lights flashed at me as I rode up, my mouth still agape. All the action's on the next floor. First, you're greeted by a window, looking into the kitchen of Mez (see my review of it for details about its sexiness ;) ) The restaurant is to your left and the movie theather is next to it. Just outside the theater are, not one, but two bars, for you to take your pick of booze from, and one more floor up is a lounge/club, thus making this place a prime date location because you could do everything date-like all under one roof (Bam! Dinner! Bam! Movie! Bam! Drinks! Bam! Dancing!)The night was just beginning when we went in for the late movie. The music in the club was pumpin', so I was a little afraid that I'd be able to hear it, since it's just across the way, but nope. Pas de tout. Soundproof walls, my friend. The seats in the theater are fit for a king. I wished I could take mine out and install it my apartment. There's single seats for loners and love seats for duos, both of which are HUGE and sooooo plush, soooo comfy. We'd had dinner at Mez before the show, but didn't get to have dessert at the restaurant, so our faaaantastic waiter delivered it to us in the theater before the show began. Now THAT, is fantastic. As much as I love eating chocolate cake and having a drink while watching a movie, the only downside there was hearing other people scrape their plates and clink their beer bottles while I'm trying to get my oogle on (Okay, Will Smith speaking Spanish? Que sexy!)Honestly, this theater is as good as movie theaters get, with excellent (and sexy) service, ace food at Mez, and poshy atmosphere. A truly sexy experience. ;)
5	OMG, this is the single best theatre experience I've ever had. It's a brand new theatre, has spacious bucket seats with loads of legroom. No advertisements before the movies begin. Just 2-3 previews right before movie starts. I like the reserved seating, the food is good and the people that work there are so friendly. Even the bathrooms are fun! Come with empty stomach and empty mind. I saw "Curious Case of Benjamin Buttons" and "7 pounds," back/back. Love it!!!
3	I can't stand the boutique accents.  Seriously, aromatherapy for a movie theater entrance?  And waiting for a popcorn and soda here is just like waiting for a drink at a bar.  Oh wait... It is a bar!  I'm not sure I care because I'm a "popcorn at the theater" person.But the seats are the high point, very comfortable. And quibbles aside, it's a great date spot. You can also get your parking validated when you pay for your tickets which is convenient.  For the love of all things holy please don't bring little kids here!  This is a movie house for grown-ups.  Keep it sacred!  I only wish they would continue to elevate the movie experience and not simply turn it into a pretentious, fake, expensive nightclub vibe like the rest of downtown.
3	"Hey, you put your movie theater in my boom boom club!" "No, you put your boom boom club in my movie theater!" I never thought I would get carded to see a a movie (well, maybe when I was 12 trying to get in to see Die Hard), or that I would have to wait in a velvet rope line, or that "one large diet coke and a pack of twizzlers" would become "one vodka tonic and one with soda." But there we were. We had used our high tech phone devices to find the nearest theater playing Benjamin Button, and our phones steered us to Epicentre in downtown Charlotte. We were confused when we got to the theater, because there was a bouncer at the revolving door manning a velvet rope, and he was carding everyone going in. So we proved our ages and entered. Then we heard the Night at the Roxbury music coming from upstairs. We bought our tickets and went up the escalator, which ran in between carpeted walls. When we got to the main level, a full-sized boom boom club sprawled before us. Multiple bars, a lounge area, and looking up, yet another level from which trixies and frat studs could watch their brethren below. There was a window that looked onto a fancy kitchen as well. Over the bar counter, I spied a few movie theather-style boxed candies and pre-bagged popcorn. Wifey got us a couple drinks and we searched for the entrance to the theater. When we found the hallway that led to the theaters, it was blocked by three young ladies who were dressed in an H&M interpretation of Studio 54 (not hatin', ladies, I just don't get club clothes, it's my deal). We showed our tickets and one of them walked us to the theater. Oh, wait, this is where I should mention that we opted for the VIP seats. They were three dollars more but the general admission seats were really close to the screen (according to the electronic kiosk in the lobby). So this young lady showed us to seats C9 and C10. Those seats were combined in a really comfy loveseat with wood trim and wood and steel drink/tray holders. Yes, tray holders. All around us, people had not only cocktails, but full plates of fancy restaurant food. To our right, some woman had a full white porcelain tea service. I was all like "what?" and wifey was all like, "I know, right?" LOLOMGWTF? Sooo. The movie was two hours and 48 minutes long and featured fine performances from Cate Blanchett and Brad Pitt. But the real star was that comfy loveseat/theater chair. When the movie was over, we all shuffled out, some with boxed leftovers. It was almost midnight, and the club was going at full steam. We had to walk through the party to get out, and it was a little disconcerting; we had just watched the heart-wrenching end of an epic love story and as soon as we left the theater it was all boom boom and old men in tight Affliction shirts dry-humping trixies under halogen lights. This was quite an experience. We both agreed that it was like being transported to Moscow or something, where someone imagined all the things they liked about America, all of the excess, and packed it into one space. Totally surreal. I've lived in big cities practically my whole life, and I've never seen anything like it. But the theater, and those seats, were very nice.
3	It's awesome to have a movie theater conveniently located in Uptown. i love being able to walk to the movies now. After getting ice cream at Cold Stone, we decided to check on movie times. We decided on Uninvited and chose our seats in the VIP section. VIP section translates into a normal stadium seating seats up the stairs, the general admission seats are right up front and the last ones to fill in at a normal theater due to the high percentage of having a strained neck after the movie. We had an hour to kill before showtime and had already explored most of the EpiCentre, so we took the escalator up which did have fun lighting and for some reason i was like a child and couldn't stop touching the bristled, carpet walls. When we reached the top, there is a nice little bar/lounge area that was pretty open with just a few people having some drinks. i should mention it as early in the day around 4:30. As we sat and played with iPhone and watched bball on the mounted flatscreen, i couldn't resist a beer. The Sam Adams draft was $5 plus tip. It came in a frosty uniquely shaped pint glass.   If you like servers wearing tight leggings/hotpants that give you a minimally distorted view of what their behind looks like, this is the place for you. i don't think it is required attire (We saw one chick who wasn't in skin tight pants), but it may be encouraged. When it came time for our movie, we were shown to our seats. The seats were pretty plush and plump and it is nice being able to remove the armrest to optimize snuggling and closeness during scary movie parts (her words, not mine). While the seats seemed pretty sweet, they actually kind of hurt my back til i shifted and leaned on the armrest. They rock back, but you have to really put some force behind it and when they do rock back, the seat doesn't actually recline so you're still in that awkward sitting straight up position.One complaint i have is the cup holders were solid metal and made a clanging noise when you set your glass down every time. Luckily our theater wasn't too packed and it seemed like the other patrons partook in standardized movie popcorn so we didn't hear the clanging plates or drinks.Upon exiting our movie, i felt a little out of place, having just finished a movie after walking around Uptown i was wearing just a t-shirt and jeans and you walk out into a club-like atmosphere with the early bird party people getting their nights started. Oh well, i'll be back.
4	Going to the movies just got sexy. If you're okay with that, you will LOVE the theatre at EpiCentre. You get to choose your seats from a touch screen before you go in. You walk through a lush and trendy lounge/restaurant first to get there, where Uptowners are drinking and having dinner. You bring your wine in and place it in the cupholder of your reclining sofa loveseat, get comfortable, and watch a movie. LOVED it!! Why aren't more theatres like this? You could even bring your dinner in! And by dinner, I don't mean popcorn and nachos - you literally order a delicious dinner off of the restaurant menu, like fish, steak etc, and bring it to your couch on porcelain plates while you watch your movie. I will definitely be back. Residents of Uptown, check it out if you haven't already - it's great to be able to walk over to a place like this!
3	Ah, the EpiCentre, where to start?  The funky, double-capital name?  The Euro-like "centre", rather than the Americanized "center"?  Perhaps I'll just start with the lame parking situation.  As with many things in Charlotte, it blows.  Even worse now, when there is construction next door (on the Bank of American Center next door.  First because it makes it harder to get in, second because it removes one of the exits (and the better processing one at that), third because the spaces are narrow and hard to get into and out of and finally because it makes it even harder to find the place!Perhaps most disturbing was that upon leaving, there was some guy collecting tickets at the exit.  Not every place in Charlotte charges for parking on the weekend.  Does the EpiCentre?  I have no idea.  The gate was up - so I'm thinking "no".  But there is this guy, collecting tickets, without uniform, badge or anything - and people are handing him cash and credit cards.  I'm not a fan of this process, mostly because the exit is already jammed up, and people coming in are blocked, making the whole mess even worse.  So I went to the auto-pay machine (only one of which I could find working).  But I digress - it's not all about parking, is it?Once I was finally inside, I managed to get to the theater - though if it's a "centre", shouldn't it be a "theatre"? - with the entrance on the second floor, if you're looking.  I was there for a special event, and spent in the neighborhood of $50.  My complaint here was that the staff didn't validate because the ticket wasn't bought for their movie, but for the event - held in their venue - and didn't buy their meal.  What?  That blows.  You want people to check out your place, and spend more than they will for your movie, but you won't validate?  To their credit, if you see their movie, or buy their food, they will, but spend way more for someone else's event in their location, and they won't.  Just something to keep in mind.As to the place itself - it's nice.  Seats are large, comfortable and have armrests on both sides (single seats) or one side (loveseats).  It's just that the rest of the experience was really bad.I considered giving them one star, but if I lived in the area and was able to walk, I'd probably go higher.  Heck, if I didn't have to park, it would probably be awfully nice.  There's just no way I'd put up with parking just to go there.  If there was no living anywhere near, then they would be back to one star in a heartbeat.
5	I'm tempted to write a review composed entirely of the word "awesome". This place is just freaking great. First off, no teenagers can get into the theater, so no annoying talking / giggling. Why can't teenagers get in? Because in order to get to the movie theater, you need to go through the bar, and in order to get into the bar, you need to be twenty-one. Score! On your way through the bar to the theather, you can pick up food as well as drink. My wife enjoyed a Mojito and I was sipping on a Gin and tonic through our 6pm showtime.When you buy your tickets, you can chose your seats. The seats themselves are massive and plush, more like recliners than theater seats. Not only that, but they mostly come in pairs, so when you're on a date, it's more of a love-seat than anything. There are small tables next to each seat, which makes for slightly more of a buffer between you and the random stranger. There were times when I forgot there were any other people in the theater, and I had someone I don't  know sitting on the other side of my expansive chair-table. The seating escalates enough to where if there is a person sitting in the row in front of you, you won't even know they're there.A great experience. Highly recommended.
1	"Euro trash, huh?  How's that workin out for ya?"-Moe SyzlakThis place blows.
4	I have to admit, the first time I went to this place, I thought it was ridic. Velvet ropes? Being carded? Dance club? I just wanted to see a movie! To be clear, nightclubs have never ever been my scene. When I hear house music, I usually turn the other way. However, the alcohol, the no-teenager policy, the cushy love-seat that you and your significant other can share....they have all tipped the balance in favor of the Epicenter. And, dare I say it, for non-Indie flicks, this place might just be my first choice. YOU WIN, EPICENTRE. You...win.
3	Went to see The Hangover.  Great movie by the way.  First time to the theater, will highly reccomend to purchase ticks in advance, since its assigned seating in the VIP section.  We had front row general seating, 2nd row, but still not a bad view.  At least my neck is not hurting,  But the chairs were comfortable and the screen, sound, and lighting were all on point.  I thought with all the fancy-sancy, I guess my expectation was for some organic kettle cooked popcorn, but was a little disappointed that it was just regular old popcorn with a little too much salt.  The location and venue make up for everything.  Make sure to get you parking ticket validated and remember its only free for three hours, then they get you for $10 when exiting the parking deck.
3	My friends and I were looking to go to the movies last night, and a family member recommended EpiCentre, saying that it was an upscale theatre where they serve food and have a bar, etc., without ever having been there.  We got to the theatre at 9:20 for a 9:45 movie, struggled with the parking situation, and then struggled to find the theatre itself.  We were carded upon entering, so I assumed there was some kind of curfew for the area...I was somewhat right, but not really.  After we were carded, we purchased our tickets and picked our seats, then headed upstairs, while wondering why everyone was so dressed up - we were in jeans and t-shirts, normal movie wear or so we assumed.  Once we got upstairs to the main level, though, we realized why everyone else was so dressed up - the movies theatre is practically located within a nightclub.  It was fairly crowded, but we managed to order drinks at the bar quickly and find the theatre hidden away inside the rest of the building.  The seats were huge and comfortable, the drinks were good, and the lack of teenagers and families with kids made the movie experience really enjoyable.  Once the movie was over, though, it was like entering the twilight zone - we had to fight thirty women primping in the bathroom (the theatre doesn't have a separate bathroom from the bar/restaurant/club) and the music and crowd level were pretty overwhelming - if I was there to dance and get wasted, the atmosphere was perfect, but I just wanted to see a movie.The theatre was five stars, the bar experience was five stars, but combined it was overwhelming and bizarre, thus the three star rating.
3	Comfy seats! You must experience this movie theater at least once. The initial impression is dramatic! From the revolving door (with sometimes a red carpet) to the flashy escalator to the entrance of the theater section to the well decorated bar you are thrilled. However, be warned that the seating pricing is deceptive. Each time I have gone I think I am going to pay a certain price and find that I pay a few dollars more. Each time I question why it was more than it was advertised and I get some type of explanation about the price is different depending on which seats you select. I'm not the only one baffled; a couple sitting close to us were discussing the same thing. EpiCentre Theater, please be up front about pricing...it's not posh to be deceptive. As much as I enjoyed the wide, comfy seats and spacious theater I was a bit put off by the somewhat pretentious atmosphere. Seriously, you are a movie theater...it is perfectly fine for all of your staff to be friendly and you won't lose your high class appeal. It's not my favorite place to see a film, but it is impressive. I suggest going at least once for your own pleasure, to impress your date, or to wow your out-of-town guests.
4	This movie theater is way totally funky!   As I stepped through the revolving doors, I looked at the cashier quizzically, a little bit like Alice after her long and painless fall.    What *is* this place?I bought a ticket to see "Grown Ups" at 7:20 PM.   It was only 6:45 PM so I had a little time before the movie started.   I took the escalator upstairs.   More bewildered looks...  "Am I in a movie theater or in a trendy downtown club?   Or better yet in a funky new bar/restaurant?"   Apparently, it's all of the above, and you certainly won't find the smell of stale popcorn in the Epicentre Theaters.    That's very nice!   What you'll find instead is a decent selection of spirits... I ended up getting a couple of Hendrick's Gin Martinis straight up.   There were ice chips so I was pleased.As others have mentioned, the theaters are nice and the seats are quite comfortable.   The cupholders allows for your cocktail to fit comfortably.    The screens and sound quality is quite good as well.As far as "Grown Ups" is concerned, wait for the DVD...
3	Just took in a Sunday matinee, Inception, at the extremely ritzy "Epicentre" theater in uptown Charlotte.  Having my own preconceived notions about the Epicentre and its throngs of post-millenium yuppies, I was skeptical before we even walked through the doors.All of my suspicions about the Epicentre theater were confirmed, but I can't say the experience was entirely unpleasant.  A few cons (to some, they might be pros)-- Everyone there is kind of snooty and overdressed.  I guess that's what you get for going to a movie theater with craft beer, myriad pomegranate cocktails, and "small plates" of Mediterranean foods.-To get a good seat, you have to pay an extra $6 for the "VIP Section," which is the majority of the theater.  If you pay the cheap price for a regular seat, you are relegated to the first two rows of the theater.- You cannot buy a regular coke.  Instead, you get a coke in a 12 oz. tumbler for $4.  Also the bartender calls you ma'am and looks put off if you don't order a cocktail/beer/wine.Pros:-Beer during a movie!  A great idea, and the beer wasn't overpriced considering the circumstances.  I paid $5 for a Sam Adams Summer Ale.- Seats very luxurious.  Soft and huge.  VIP section features love seats.  Romantic, I suppose.-You can buy your tickets from an automated computer kiosk rather than have to wait in line.-Very clean.-You can park for free in the Epicentre garage for up to 3 hours.Overall, this theater experience was a positive one.  However, I left feeling a bit disconcerted.  I guess, as much as I've complained about dirty theaters with unruly patrons in the past, I was just as bothered by the Epicentre experience.  This theater clearly caters to the same crowd as the rest of the Epicentre establishments.  Personally, I would rather go to a Sunday matinee at a traditional theater if it means I can choose my seats, wear jeans without feeling like a scumbag, and, most importantly, buy a large coke and popcorn.
4	I've decidedly tried to steer clear of the EpiCentre however, I didn't want to leave Uptown to see Inception so it seemed like a necessary evil.  Probably one that I will endure again because there are assigned seats with generous food and cup holders between the large comfy seats and the theater was very clean.    The matinee is more benign in regards to the pomp.  I didn't see bouncers or attendants in the bathroom.  As others mentioned there is a full bar and hot food.  The only down side about allowing people to bring food in is the smell.  The parking is validated for up to 3 hours by the parking lot attendant by showing your ticket stub.  Good to know when walking conditions aren't good.  Tickets can be purchased on level 2 and then you take the escalator up to the theater and bar areas.
4	My wife and I went and saw Dinner With the Schmucks.  The movie was alright, but the theater was even better!First of all, right when you purchase a ticket you get a chance to choose your seats.  I really liked that.  In addition, the seats were couch-like and super comfortable.  The entire environment leading up to the theater was so contemporary and unique.  I am from the northeast and we have nothing like this.  They serve beer at the concession stand outside the theater!! Hahahaha. I just thought that was cool.  They also have a modern cocktail bar and lounge to relax in if you are really early for your movie.  The art is really cool too.  Young jumbo pictures of Elvis, Marilyn Monroe, and James Dean!!This place is definitely worth a try.  Only $10 a ticket!!! And they validate garage parking for your first 3 hours..  DO it!-Ian M.
4	Great place with great seats. However they have a kinda scam going with the VIP seating thing. They charge a premium for these seats yet don't enforce the seating policy. So why pay extra when everyone just sits where they want anyway?It's a mistake to park below the Epicentre complex as the traffic flow is terrible. Took us forever to get out. Next time we'll walk from a nicer parking area.
3	I caught "The Other Guys" here with David X. and got the VIP treatment.  For any other displaced Chicagoans, it is comparable to the swanky ICON theater, except instead of there being any kind of fair division between VIP and regular seating, 90% of the theater is VIP and the crappy two rows right in front where you have to crane your neck up to look at a much-too-close version of the movie are the only "regular" seats.  At least, that was the setup in our theater.  However, as a plus you don't have to sit in the VIP section in order to get drinks.  Families beware: after 7 PM, nobody under 21 is allowed (at least that's what was posted above the ticket counter).Overall, its exactly what it aims to be - a somewhat pricey yet suitably swanky version of your neighborhood movie theater.  It has its place, but I wouldn't go there too often.  I'll take cheap prices and sticky seats at least 3 out of 4 times.
5	Oh EpiCentre theatres...I wanted to dislike you...but I just can't. I very often dislike your neighbors that beckon to the db, super hammered frat guys with the triple popped collars and the sloshed, minimally dressed "ladies." But I can't blame you for the neighbors' company. Instead I'll just tell it as it is - you are a beautiful, clean, and super posh theater. I flock to your comfy (albeit expensive) seats when I just don't want to get to a movie an hour in advance to battle for a mediocre seat. Yes, when a movie comes out that I know will be a cluster eff I plan to see it at Epicentre. The extra $2-$3 per ticket (for reserved seats) is totally worth that hour waiting and fighting for seats at other theaters. Plus, if you're just hitting up a movie you can have your parking ticket validated. Just make sure you get out of there within 3 hours, or you'll be charged. The parking police aren't friendly...All in all, I'll be back to see the next big movie draw...and I'll admit it...I saw both Twilight movies here. The additional dollars were totally worth it to NOT fight it out with the 13 year old Robert Pattinson fans.
5	Myself and a couple of friends heard about this place and wanted to check it out for ourselves. This a whole new theater experience that we don't get out in California. As we walked int to the movie theater lobby, it was very classy and scented with a sweet aromatic smell. For the night's movie, we decided to watch the last show of Resident Evil: After Life. Ticket pricing for the movie were not as shocking as we thought because, in California the pricing is the same. Unfortunately, this movie was not in 3D. The tickets came to a total of $13. The total included the movie and VIP seating. The box office clerk was very helpful with our purchase and very customer orientated. To reach our movie theater, we had to take an escalator to take us up to the second floor of the building. Once we arrived on the second floor, there was a restaurant to the left of the escalator  and to the right  was a concession stand with a full-bar w/ alcohol. There is no movie theater out here in the bay area of it's kind. What also was a plus as well is the restaurant right across the bar, Mez Restaurant, provided a full course menu from appetizers, main courses, and  desserts to dine on while watching the featured presentation. I ordered an Angus burger  with sweet potato chips, which is made to order before the entering the movie theater. The meal was prepared fairly quick and presentation was not bad at all. Once we received our main courses, we proceeded to our movie. The stadium theater seating had more comfortable chairs that a regular movie theater. The VIP seats that we had was well prepared for our main dishes that we had ordered . The armrest of out seats was large enough to accommodate our plates and our drinks. So in summation here is the summary:- Resident Evil  was an alright movie, maybe would have been better if they had it in 3D.- The food that I had order was tasty and left me satisfied.- The seats were very comfy and the theater was clean and very presentable.- If I were working for a movie theater again, this would be a theater I would not mind running.- Besides the restaurant and the two bars the theater has, there is also a spacious party lounge, another plus and not of it's kind in California . That was very cool as well!
4	I always enjoy seeing a movie at the epicentre theaters.  It's a bit of a splurge with the higher than average ticket prices, but I believe they validate parking which is nice.  This place is very upscale and would be a great place to take a date.  There's a large bar just outside the theaters and a full restaurant as well.  We've never eaten in the restaurant because it looks a little pricey.  You can also order food (including meals) and (alcoholic) drinks from the little concession bar.  My favorite part of the theaters are the love seat style chairs.  You can lift the arm rest between 2 seats to comfortably snuggle up next to your date.The downfall to these theaters is how noisy it gets here at night.  The hubby and I have seen late evening movies (starting around 7 or 8) and by the middle of the movie you can start hearing the bass from the music outside which is a little disruptive.  I would recommend trying to catch an earlier movie if you don't want to deal with all the commotion in the bar.
4	If you're waiting for a blockbuster movie to come out and don't want to wait in lines or worry about not getting a ticket or thinking you need to wait 2 weeks until the hype has died down; think Epicenter. With reserved seating all those worries go away. You'll pay $12 for VIP seating at normal hours, $9 for matinee seating. For general admission, you'll pay $3 cheaper but be stuck to the first 2 rows of the theater. Granted some people probably buy the general admission and hop up to the VIP area. If that's your thing, go for it. Love seat style seating for 2 with a small tray along side each chair for eating and drinking, yes, drinking, and not only soda or water. Want a meal, want some beer or a cocktail, you can get it here as Mez caters the theater. My only complaint in the theater is that the popcorn is sub-par and I can count on one hand the times I've gone to a movie and not gotten popcorn. Here I usually pass on it and just grab a beer. Parking is validated, so make sure when you check in to the theater, you get the ticket. You're only allowed 2 hours though, so be careful if you hop around EpiCentre before or after the movie. You can get your tix online too and pick them up at the kiosk at the bottom of the escalators. Enjoy the show...and it only begins at the escalators...ha!
5	this has to be one of my favorite movie theaters in the united states!!! i've never been to one like it. its so cool how u can pick ur own seats and reserve your seats. they have a full menu and bar, so you could get popcorn and a beer or salad and wine, not to mention the food is good. and its kind of romantic. you could take a date here and have a great time! i also like how at night kids have to be supervised or they are not allowed in , they also have a dress code which gives it that grown up feel. i almost forgot, they also validate parking so that's a plus. its beautiful here at night, all the lights and people. there are also plenty of places to eat at or just walk around once you leave. overall i love this place:)
4	I've been wanting to see a movie in here to see what the experience is like and I was not disappointed.  I went on a whim on a Monday night (really I was supposed to go to the gym... but gym.... vs.. movies... movies are going to win every time).Being a Monday night... it was pretty dead, but it gave me a chance to soak everything in without being inundated with a crowd.  The box office below near the escalators was pretty nice, I can see that room there getting super crowded on weekends.  Looks like there are plenty of hangars down there for coats - don't know if your coat would be still waiting for you when you get back downstairs, but I decided to hang on to mine just in case the theater was an icebox.Totally forgot that you can order food and bring it into the theater... so we took advantage of the next best thing... shots and then cocktails to bring into the movie.  The only downside was that an hour and a half into the movie, it was time to visit the restroom....  I tried to pick a scene where it seemed like the plot had slowed down and I sprinted to the bathroom.Overall, I'd like to keep coming back here and watching movies, eating, and drinking....
3	I love this theater. I frequent it because of its location and its upper end feel. The prices are fair given the locale. I do like the IDEA of selecting my seats when I buy my tickets online but on more than one occasion, someone has been in my seat when I get there. I don't think the fact that its assigned seating is communicated anywhere near suffciently. By and large, it is a great theater. It reminds me of one of my favorite ones back home in Boston. Dinner AND a movie.
5	So I've been here a few times and it never disappoints.  The theater is integral with Mez and the restaurant as well.  So that being said, the atmosphere is awesome.  I love the large paintings in the corridor right outside the theater in the main bar area.  Comfy lounge area there as well.Ok, back to the theater itself.  First, I've never been and it be overly crowded.  You can buy your tickets and actually pick your seats online prior to showing up.  The seats are more like love seats than your typical theater or auditorium seat.  The seats include a drink holder and small tray so that you can bring your meal in there and eat/drink while watching the movie....major score here for me!  Another important note is I think it's 21 and up after 7pm so you can avoid the 'hassle' (for lack of a better term) of teenagers on a typical Fri/Sat night at the movies.  This place is a great first stop for a date, follow it up with dinner at Mez and hang around until the dance club gets going and there you have a very well rounded night out!  Will be back....;)
4	Sorry mom, movies don't cost a dime anymore...or even $5 (when I was growing up) they are now running at the rate of $13 - or $10 if you don't mind a neck cramp or two. Here's the thing, I wouldn't see a movie here unless it was something I REALLY wanted to see. Whether it's for a date or a group of friends it is a cool concept- drinks and apps in big comfy chairs (although mine squeaked when I moved- or laughed..and the movie was really funny). The apps ranged from $6-14 (not bad!), and were not your standard fare. We went with the illegal bread ( good but a bit too rich for me- and sauce was eh), sweet potato chips (needed more of that yum spicy aioli), and  some sort of goat cheese with almonds and compote (not bad). My favorite was the chips.The food was good but probably easier to share with two people not three....difficult to pass around during movie time. I would suggest to Mez that they create a movie-friendly app selection that is designed not be so messy or difficult to eat/see in the dark! Another issue I had was what to do with the plates themselves afterward? Do I take them out with me? leave them? ....could they place some bins Panera style or have ushers to collect these ...Overall this place is a fun movie experience and I'm sure I'll be back ...P.S go see Bridesmaids it was absolutely hilarious!
2	So I think the concept of this place is a really good idea, who doesn't love cocktails and movies at the same time?  The theater is attached to Mez which is a nightclub/bar/restaurant so you can order food and drinks and take them in the movie with you. I have to admit I've been here more times than I'd like because it's the closet theater to our apartment and as stated before laziness usually prevails.BUT it's $13 per person which seems excessive.  You get to pick where you sit before the movie begins and everyone has assigned seating unless you sit in the neckache section in the first few rows.   Also when you walk in there's a doorman and it smells like a Glade air freshener factory. Yes, the seats are comfy and a little bigger than a normal theater and yes you can put the armrest up and snuggle with whoever is next to you, but I can easily drive down the street a few miles and have my choice of 15 different movies for cheaper in almost as comfortable seats.The weird part is that I don't usually dress like I'm going clubbing when I go to the movies, I may throw on jeans, a respectable shirt and some flip flops.  Problem is if you go to the movies at this place when you leave you pass through Mez where it's cocktail dresses, high heels and dudes in overpriced shoes from Aldo and too much cologne = not my scene.  So being the lame-o's that we are, my husband and I scurry through, considering for 15 seconds about getting an after movie cocktail in there and then head home and grab a beer or something at Gin Mill.  We are classy.It's convenient but a little pricey and the whole VIP we're clubbing thing when you leave is annoying, thus only 2 stars for this joint.
4	This movie theater oozes coolness. Not only can you see a movie with reserved seating, but you can do it with in a "love seat". You can eat and drink in the theater as well. One of the best things about it is the lack of kiddos running around - mostly adults here (have to be over 18 after 8pm) The ride up the escalator is cool too. I love this place and plan on seeing more movies than I have in the past - but only here...
5	I like that I can reserve seats and have the choice of eating or drinking in the theater. That's awesome. Really neat inside, seats are extra comfy, and when there's an extra special movie to watch this is the place to watch it at.
3	For the last Harry Potter movie I decided to splurge by seeing it at Epicenter. The $13.50/ticket price had to be spent on something I knew I would love seeing.Pros first: LOVED the seats. They were comfortable, big and perfect for a date. I also loved that I could pick my seats when I ordered my tickets. Also the food from Mez was AMAZING. We bought date night tickets, so we got an appetizer and 2 drinks with our tickets for $40. Not a bad deal considering parking was also included. We got the pistachio encrusted goat cheese appetizer and one of the steak entrees (not sure which my boyfriend ordered). It was enough food to share, but it was good enough I wanted to keep it all to myself. I also liked the fact that I could eat and have a glass of wine while watching a movie.Now for the cons. I really wanted to rate this place higher, but these things held it back. First and foremost the online ticket ordering was a HUGE pain. I tried 3 times to order online and kept getting an error. Also, there was no explanation on the website about the difference between a regular ticket and the date night ticket. The biggest thing that brought my rating down though was service. I had to call 5 times (yes, 5) before I ever got someone on the phone to explain to me what a date night ticket was. When I did finally talk to someone she couldn't explain the difference & kept trying to tell me it was the difference between VIP seating & general admission. When I explained to her that I knew enough to know it wasn't that, she finally found someone that actually did know what it was. Then I had to actually go to the theater to reserve my seats because the online service wasn't working. The worst part though was when we actually got to the theater. When we first walked up to the girl taking tickets, she didn't even acknowledge us and kept talking to another employee. Then when my boyfriend went out to order our drinks and food, she was so rude to him that he had to walk away from her before he got in a screaming match. It was our first time there, so we didn't know where to go, or how things worked and she treated him like he was a stupid child. He finally found the appropriate place to order without her help and luckily the rest of the experience was a good one.Overall recommendation: Great for a date night for a movie you really want to see and enjoy. Get there early so you can order the food & drinks before the movie starts, because the movie itself starts promptly at showtime - no 15 minutes of previews beforehand.
5	Yes, it's $13 a ticket ($10 if you want to sit in the first two rows).  I'd pay $13 a ticket any day to see a movie here.  The seats were so comfy, albeit squeaky.  I love that you can pull up any armrest to make a love seat!  The temperature was perfect - not too cold.  And the fact that you can purchase a bottle of wine with your movie  is heavenly!  The prices on the wine were comparable to any other local restaurant.  I was scared that they were going to be super marked up like everything else at a movie theater.  I paid $29 for a bottle of Rock & Vine Cabernet.  We did visit on a weekday night so I'm not sure how hectic it gets on the weekend - after all, it IS the EpiCentre.  However, based upon this one experience, I would definitely go back!
1	I found the pricing deceptive, as I didn't realize that there was the 10 dollar to 13 dollar markup.  Not particularly cool.  Moreover I am never a fan of assigned seating at the movies.  A little pretentious for my tastes, which pretty much nails epicentre.The bar thing sounds cool, but in practice I'm not sure how it works outside of a date situation.  I went with my wife on a saturday night, and definitely felt underdressed for the place.  The mens room with the club style bathroom complete with attendant expecting a tip also threw me off.Then there were the three ladies who were asked to show their tickets upon entering the hallway that leads to the theaters.  They were having trouble because they each had a full plate of pasta and a glass of wine that they were Taking into the theater!  Really? My wife found the seats uncomfortable for her neck.  I can't complain about them because i never really care much about that stuff.So, in summary, if you need oversized seats, like to eat pasta and drink wine in the theater, and don't mind spending extra cash this is the theater for you.I doubt I will be back anytime soon.
4	This place is definitely not your run-of-the-mill movie theater, nestled in a night club.... but what the hell? Why not?Clean, comfortable, fun, and great movie selections.  Definitely more expensive than the average theater... but the seats are twice the size and you can pick your seats in advance.  You also have the option for more than just mediocre movie food + full bar.
5	I love this place. What a concept! Going to the movie theatre has always been a mixed experience for me. You pay close to 9 bucks a person to watch a movie, and there's a good chance the movie will suck. For a little more, you get comfy seating, drinks, food and embiance galor. And no kids or obnoxious people chatting during the movie . . . at least not at the pm showings I went to. This is a great place to bring out of town guests. They will be impressed.
4	EpiCentre Theaters is exactly what I'd expect in a place that insists it calls itself Uptown -- a swanky, adults only, overpriced-but-worth-it kind of theater.There are two occasions when I'll find myself at EpiCentre. For one, their no-kids policy makes it a perfect place to see adult-friendly kids movies (Toy Story 3, The Muppets) in an adult-friendly venue. And because it has beer and wine (and a variety of snacks, but gourmet and concession-style), it's the perfect place for a dinner-and-a-movie double date kind of place.My big quibble with EpiCentre is that it's really hard to buy tickets online and at the self-serve kiosk. They don't sell tickets through Fandango and if you try to use a debit card at the self-serve kiosk, it will be declined. Which is frustrating, especially when it's 10 minutes before showtime and there's a long line at the counter.
3	Overpriced?  Yes.  Limited movies?  Yes.  But a BAR????  That definitely makes up for the other short-comings.  Very sexy cool theatre with awesome seats.  It is stupid to pay for the best seats for an off-time movie, just get the cheap seats and sit wherever you want!  You can order food from the bar and they will give you a pager to take into the theatre.  The skewers are awesome!  They come with several dips - yum.  The hummus is good too.  Just a great experience all around - you don't have to feel guilty for sneaking beer into the theatre!!!  Love it!
3	I totally dig the furry walls and rainbow lighting they use here. It's quite fabulous. The movie selection is a bit limited but it's usually got what I'm looking for, and not having to deal with snotty teens is a bonus.Staff here is quite polite and nice to my friends and I. Thanks for that! Though I have never ordered food here, liquor with your movie is the way to go! The problem with having food with a movie is that the acoustics in the theaters are fairly loud. You can literally hear every tinkle the fork hitting the plates make, and the soundproofing is not good enough to drown out the thundering noise the parking lot downstairs makes nor the club music they start pumping out around 11 on weekends. So this certainly takes a lot of the atmosphere out of what would otherwise be an enjoyable affair.If it was up to me, I would only allow drinks and popcorn into the movie. But if I know a movie is going to be packed on opening day, this would probably be my first choice. Reserved seating is nice to get around the hustle for seats like at regular theaters!
5	Love this place!  Im a sucker for sleek dark design and its a gorgeous fun clubby atmosphere-  just fun to have a different scene for a movie.  Yes the food and drinks are overpriced but you know that going in and you are paying for a new and different movie experience.  The cocktails were delic- and the burger and pizza were excellent.  The heavenly bread was too rich for me.  Love, love love watching my movie while enjoying a cocktail so I am a fan.
4	Lots to do around this upscale joint.
5	How much fun! A stiff drink and a comfortable movie seat? Yes please! Best part is the bartender actually knew how to make a really stiff drink.  I am very impressed.  The ticket prices are about the same as I would spend in NY and the quality is far beyond what I have experienced before.  The drinks and the food are well priced to boot. I love this place.
4	A four-star review of a place in the EpiCentre? Is it true? It is indeed.Working uptown, I've always known there was a movie theater attached to Mez, but I had never been. I heard you could bring wine and food in, but klutz that I am, that just sounded like more of an accident waiting to happen than a draw. However, I was going to see the midnight release of The Hunger Games and because of my schedule, EpiCentre was going to be the most convenient place. So I waded through the posh diners to get my ticket after work, then waded back through the clubbers a few hours later for the film. The ticketing process was very convenient, I liked the reserved seating idea. I'm a "middle of the row, towards the back" person and it sucks when you show up and there's nothing left but front row next to the couple making out. The movie was playing in multiple theaters so I got to see the floor plans of each to pick the best seat. Very cool. My ticket was $13, but aren't they like $10-11 at other theaters now anyway? No big deal. I didn't partake in any refreshments on this trip since I wasn't feeling great, but I'll keep it in mind for the future. The seats do have little tables with cupholders for your food. I'm still a klutz, but maybe if I got there early... and only got 1 drink... And brought a bib... I wish there was a separate entrance so you didn't have to go through Mez to get there. I know that's part of the atmosphere, but I wasn't there to mingle, I was there to see a movie. (And, uh, I was also dressed up as Katniss Everdeen.) Ah well, not a huge deal. I might not go back on a weekend though, when it's packed full of dancers. Though I guess anything is better than packs of screaming teenagers and floors sticky with soda and popcorn. I'm not a very avid movie-goer, but I think we have a top-notch theater here. I'll definitely be back.
3	I had been to Mez quite a few times but never stopped to go to the theater.  That changed on Monday when I begged one of my friends to see The Hunger Games with me.  I decided to reserve online in advance in case it was as packed as the weekends.  It wasn't.  But no worries I enjoyed my big, plush comfy couch like chair for the 2+ hours I was there.  We came straight from work and wanted to order real food but I didn't want to have to leave the theater once the movie started.  I wish it was one of the places that deliver the food to you.  So we opted for snacks and drinks.  This is where I thought the prices were ridiculous, 1 popcorn, 1 twizzler, 1 diet coke and 1 bottled water was $20.   I mean I know movie concessions are expensive, but my water was tiny and the twizzlers were too.  The diet coke was just in a regular sized plastic cup, not the jumbo ones you usually get.  So for the sizes its overpriced.  But it is very clean and comfortable, so for that alone I will definitely be back.  But would make sure to get there early enough for the real food, or get some snack and CVS before.
3	I hate how creepily dark it is when you walk in, but the atmosphere after that is nice. It is more expensive than other theaters, but the screens are massive and it's never crowded. Every time I go the bathrooms are out of TP! Who doesn't have to pee after a 2 hour movie, large soda (or several alcoholic beverages), and an awkwardly comfortable/uncomfortable seat?!
4	Picture was good. Intimate theatre. I think the Mez aspect to the experience is very cool. Would be better if the food at Mez was better.
5	This place is so awesome! Eat and drink in a theatre!? Coolest idea ever!
4	This movie theater is a solid 4. It's a bit expensive but if you're willing to pay $13 (Adult) for a comfy environment (you sit in what look like couches!), pre-selected seating, and popcorn-less floors then it's worth it. I'm sure we're also paying for the revolving door and escalator. The theater rooms themselves are small and I didn't have any noise issues while watching the movie. Yes, there is a bar, restaurant, and dance club in this theatre. Finally, the restrooms. Why is there a section for restrooms? They're practically as fancy as the seats. There are plenty of stalls and it's clean. I also heard that in the men's restroom they have a employee squeezing hand soap and passing out paper towels. As to why they don't have that for the women, I'll never know.
5	Yep.  5-Stars baby.I'm no longer in denial and hoping I will get into a movie for five bucks.  I'm not going to take 'what used to be' of economy out on a business review.  This review is what it is!Want the best seating in Charlotte?  - EpiCentre Theaters!Want the best food and alcohol at a movie?  - EpiCentre Theaters!What is the coziest to sit through the 180+ films of today?  EpiCentre Theaters!The ladies even get the 'snuggle' time since you have the join seating.  There is a beverage small table to each side as well.  We won't go to a movie that is long and sit in the old stiff seating.  This is much better and for goodness sakes, you can get wine half off on Wednesday and Thursday... and drink in the theater.   I personally hate the EpiCentre because of the trendy crowd, but we can get off the Linx train from SouthEnd and basically walk right in!  It's easy breezy baby!Could it be better.  Um, we think not.
2	The bathrooms in this place are disgusting each and every time I visit.The bar is well stoked, the movies good, chairs comfy.Won't return based on the disgusting bathroom situations. Even on a Tuesday night, these fools can't get it together...
5	Simply put its our favorite movie theater in Charlotte.  The food and drink have always been great and never had any issues with rude patrons.  Its also nice if you want to get dinner somewhere else in uptown then walk to the theater.
4	A nice theater w/comfortable seats.It would be better if you could either order from your seats or have it delivered to you rather than waiting for your beeper to go off..
4	Went here for a Yelp Elite event and had an awesome time.  They're still sorting out the kinks with service as they are under new management, but nothing glaring that would ruin an otherwise great night.  Their food is decent and not overpriced.  Try the coconut chicken or the cheesecake!  Tasty, tasty, tasty.It's an interesting concept and I've never been to a movie theater before that you could also order dinner.  I would recommend that if you are going somewhere to actually really pay attention to the movie, this probably not your best bet since you'll constantly have people walking around and people chatting and taking orders for the waitstaff, so it would make it a bit hard to concentrate.  But if you want to have dinner and have a movie to play in the background, it's a great spot.  I can definitely see it being a good date place :)I'll be back in the summer, I'm sure!
5	Great theater! AND they validate your parking :)I love the idea of picking your seats before you go in, too. That way you know you won't get stuck in the row that you hate.The servers are really friendly and the bar is fully stocked and fast to serve.
5	Food was great, good size portions. Staff friendly and helpful. Clean and spacious. Large screens, excellent sound.
5	Great service, great food, our family loved every minute. The seats were so comfortable!
1	This is our second time here since it changed hands from Mez.  The service was so bad the first time that we just couldn't enjoy the movie-we only ordered two drinks each that time but spent most of the movie wondering where they were.  Tonight our friends wanted to go there to see Hangover III, so we hoped that after a few weeks the service would be better.  Unfortunately, I ordered a beer at 10:25pm and received it at 11:02pm- only after I complained.  My husband and I wanted to order food,but after it took so long to order drinks we decided against it. I would not suggest going here unless you're looking for the cheap ticket price and don't plan on ordering anything!!!
5	OMG, SOOOO COOL!!!  Bottom line:  If you're in Charlotte and want to check out a movie, this place is worth a visit!  Details below.We're in Charlotte, staying at the Aloft.  I want to see Star Trek and this theatre is located right next to the Aloft hotel in the EpiCentre.  Good reviews, sounds good.  Must mean it's a clean theatre, right?Well, imagine our surprise when we walk into the 3rd floor and this restaurant/club.  Dark lights, loud electronic music.  "Um...where's Star Trek?  Yahoo Movies said it's playing here." I ask a random patron.  "You have to buy tickets downstairs," he kindly advises.We head down an escalator to the 2nd floor inside the club/restaurant/movie theatre.  The offer a student discount!  WIN!  $10 for a 3D movie?!  YES!  And then the ticket seller is nice and energetic (when was the last time you met an energetic movie ticket seller?!)  & shows us the seating map on an iPad and says "What seats do you want?"YOU CAN PICK YOUR SEATS WHEN YOU BUY YOUR TICKETS!  You don't have to sit inside the theatre for an hour watching crappy trivia repeat every 5 minutes!!  We buy our tickets, move back to the 3rd floor where the actual theatres are (in addition to the resto/club).  The seats inside the theatre are sooo comfortable!  And you can order beer, food, and drinks in your chair!The prices aren't bad for a shmancy movie theatre whose tickets are normal prices!  I totally expected $10 beers.  We got some $5 Coronas, a bit pricey for a Corona...but man, those seats are so nice and only 2-3 to a column!  No awkward "excuse me, excuse me, sorry, excuse me" if you want to use the restroom!  Also, $10 3D student price!  One time I paid $20 for a 3D movie in downtown Chicago and the theatre was dirty.The service from the staff is good, the check came at the 45 minute mark and was slightly awkward (esp. as this Star Trek's plot was a bit convoluted.  Is Khan good or bad?  What is he, oh wait, did he just explain what he is?).  The slightly awkward interruption and the weird resto/club/theatre combo are the only two downsides I can think of.Once the movie is over, you can hear the loud bass from the dance music outside in the club/resto.  I liked it, very unique.  Overall, at least check it out b/c it is a unique experience and the theatre is nice and clean with really good prices.
5	Great experience. Price of tickets was wonderful and the good wasn't to overpriced either. Quick service, and overall a great place to watch a movie.
4	A great way to watch a movie
4	This place is pretty awesome. I love that you can choose your seat ahead of time and not have to worry about getting crappy ones. The food is great. My friend had the black and blue burger and said she loved it. I had the coconut chicken tenders which were really good. The fries were perfect. Everything is priced really well, and their menu is superb. The surround sound for this theatre is much better than other theatres.My only complaints are it was uncomfortably cold and the movie selection is limited! I almost left because of how cold it was, but my friend convinced me to just stick it out. All in all, I would definitely go back with sweatshirt in hand! Oh, and like others have said, they validate your parking. Very nice. Everyone was super friendly and patient despite it being super busy.
4	Went there to see The Butler and my experience was a good one! The place itself is beautiful and very classy and everyone was polite and greeted me upon entering the theatre and exiting it! I love the way the service is brought right to your seat all at the press of a button!
4	Great pic , comfortable stadium seating . Finally able to have beer at a movie theatre that didn't have to smuggled in. Worth paying to park.
5	First time I had ever been to a cinema pub, the seats were great and my drink was the best I had on my entire vacation. The food was ok.
