5	EXCELLENT CHINESE FOOD THAT DELIVERSNEW WEST SIDE LOCATION (TROP & HUALAPAI)I have gone to the location over on Valle Verde for years and have loved this place. It's a great VERY FAST Chinese Food restaurant that serves very good food. Plus they deliver! And now they have one by my new home on the west side! Woo-hoo!There is a large menu with lots of combinations but I've found that you can pretty much MAKE UP WHATEVER YOU WANT. For example, instead of the CHICKEN AND EGGPLANT or TOFU AND EGGPLANT I just get CHINESE VEGETABLES AND EGGPLANT. It is by far my favorite dish of theirs. Just today I had the chicken and eggplant and it was very good. My girlfriend had the tofu and eggplant and it was so hot that I almost got done eating before hers was cool enough to eat. This would be great for a delivery dish, as it would hold it's heat for a long time. Oh, and I think the lady who brought us our meals winked at me!You can get HALF ORDERS (Most Whole Orders are $9, half orders are $6).Most lunches come with a combo setup including EGG DROP SOUP.
4	I did not feel like cooking on Sunday, I tried to call a different Chinese restaurant but they were not open. I remembered years ago ordering from here. the delivery was fast, the food was very good. I had the Sesame Beef and it was delicious and the Beef Chow Mein was also very good. They gave me two free egg rolls. I probably will order from here again,
4	I seriously can't think of anything better to do with $6 than a lunch special from here.  I usually go for the Kung Pao combination.  It consists of tender beef, chicken, and shrimp, along with fresh, slightly crunchy, zucchini, celery, carrots, and water chestnuts, all woked up in a spicy sauce and topped with peanuts. Few other chinese take out joint include such yummy, fresh, properly cooked veggies.  The heaping portion is served with chow mein, fried rice, and an egg roll and is easily enough for two meals.  The price is excellent for a huge portion of hot, steamy, msgy goodness.
4	The service is great. Very friendly. Try the Taiwanese Mei Fun, it is delicious!!! I love the thin noodles. Their egg rolls are my favorite out of all the one I have had. I am here once a week!
3	Picked up take out for pajama night at home!  My husband was very dissapointed with the hot and sour soup.  Claims it was the worst he's had.We also ordered string bean beef, chinese eggplant with tofu, combination chow mein, and a free BBQ sliced pork for spending $20.  The eggplant was the winner.  Huge portion and really good.  The string bean beef was tasty too, a bit salty.  The chow mein was ok.  Certainly not the best I've had.Good thing the BBQ pork was free, it was awful. Flavorless, chewy, yuk.It'll do the trick for chinese take out, it's not the best but it's cheap, hot, quick, and filling.
4	Paper wrapped chicken is awesome.  It can be a little greasy but I could eat them until I explode.  The combo plates are fairly priced and there are plenty of combo plates available.  If I lived closer I would eat here more.
4	This place is always empty and I was hesitant about ordering from here even though it's located at the corner of where I live.  So I decided to finally stop in on my way home from work and wow I was surprised.  They may seem empty but not today. I walked in and there were a few people already waiting for their order, they had several large phone orders and a few people were coming in after me.  I ordered the pad thai and it was very very good.  I went back a few days later and ordered the lunch combination kung pao with fried rice.  and again there were a few people in front of me waiting for orders and a few people came in after me. I think this place just APPEARS to be quiet and empty but it really isn't.  The food is good, I will definitely go back and continue to try other things.  This isn't the BEST chinese food I've had but it's very good and worth return visits.  Their prices are avg and a good amnt of food for what you pay for.
4	Second time ordering from this place and I've got to say, they're pretty consistent.I've only ordered for delivery and the girl who has taken my order both times is easy to understand, even if her accent is heavy. She's always very polite and patient with me who always has a change of heart when ordering delivery mid-order (I know, I'm a terrible person) . They've also been very accommodating to my requests for items not on the menu (green beans in black bean sauce) and any modifications I have to an order (um, instead of the carrots, could I just get more cabbage?).. honestly.. I don't even know how these people put up with me.Delivery is fast and everything comes ridiculously hot! I know the corn starched sauces help with that, but seriously.. it's like magic to me. This is not the most authentic Chinese you will ever have, but sometimes, I just crave that Americanized Chinese food that's almost like.. well.. fast food. I mean, at least half of the menu items are fried, and all are smothered in sauce. Delicious in an oh-so-comforting way.So far I have tried:-The hot and sour soup and as a previous reviewer stated.. it's not so hot. It was sort of bland and the texture was so viscous-y I stopped after a couple bites. On the plus side, it does have some seafood in there, including a chunk of imitation crab.. never seen that before.-The sweet and sour shrimp arrived still crispy (no, really, how do they do it?!) with the sweet and sour sauce conveniently on the side. They have an interesting technique of preparing the shrimp in such a way that they turn into little rings when fried. Like a shrimp onion ring. Sort of difficult to eat, but the great thing about it is that since it's split in half, it's definitely clean and I appreciate that!-The eggplant with fried tofu is a total win if you like fried tofu. I'm more of a silken tofu person myself, but the sauce on this was fantastic!-The vegetable fried rice was so-so.-Various fried goodies: crab rangoons (I couldn't stop eating them) were free with our order, egg rolls which are vegetarian and the boyfriend loved. They looked pretty standard, more like a spring roll. They also gave us a baggie of fried wonton strips. These were happily consumed by my boyfriend who judiciously declared them as his own. He put them to good use with the rest of the sweet and sour sauce from the shrimp.Usually when we order we get way more than we can eat, and we spend around $40 when the tip is figured in. $20 p/p with a lot of leftovers? Yep, this is my go to for indulgent pajama night when I want to turn mushy on the couch.
5	This place is excellent! I get takeout from here all the time! Very friendly people working here. The food is always good. I recommend the cashew chicken. Steer clear the orange chicken.
4	Just ordered from this restaurant , had it delivered This was a Saturday evening they delivered within 20 min , (we were about. 1 mile away ) but still for a Saturday that was very good.The food was very good and the crispy fried noodles were excellent Not disappointed at all !
5	Delicious food. Reasonable prices. And speedy delivery.  The mongolian beef is the best!
5	AMAZING food.  And awesome service!
5	I've just tried the best war wonton soup! Perfect for this cold weather.  Tasty and generous portion.
5	Best Chinese on this side of town! Tried different places, always come back to my China GoGo...they often throw in a free crab wonton or egg roll with my orders too..super friendly and fast service, fresh delicious food with NO MSG! Delish!
4	Pretty decent Chinese food on this side of town. Their egg foo young is always cooked perfectly and the gravy for it is just right. We usually get their seafood combination and it comes with shrimp, lobster and an assortment of vegetables. Their fried rice is not greasy at all. You get free egg rolls with your meal.
4	Had the lunch special: Shrimp with brocolli.PROSFood tastes good, salted just right for me. Wife says a little too salty for her.Fast service.Decent price.CONSTasteless egg drop soup.A little cluttered. It's a takeout joint, not a restaurant where they wait on you.Cheap styrofoam and plastic ware.
4	Pretty darn good. Close to my new home. Happened to spot this place the other day and thought I'd give it a try . Had the Won Ton Soup, BBQ Sliced Pork and the Combination Chow Mein. Everything was pretty tasty. This is definitely just a take out place but they have few small informal tables if you want to eat there. They threw in a couple of Crab Rangoon for free. Not bad!This may not be traditional Chinese but for neighborhood take out or delivery with fresh quality ingredients and balanced flavors , this fits the bill!
3	3.5 stars. It's your typical fast food Chinese American restaurant.  I really wanted noodles and China a Go Go was the closest restaurant to me at the time. I saw pictures of some noodles on here from another Yelper and I wanted it. We went in and ordered the Chicken Chow Mein. My daughter loves noodles so it was a win win for both of us. It was almost 7 bucks for this entree but me and my tot were both full after eating it. It wasn't too greasy or salty and the noodles were al dente. I've been back quite often for the noodles because I love carbs. If you are looking for authentic Chinese food this isn't the place to go. Sometimes the staff is hard to understand as they don't speak very good English but they understand enough for you to order. Overall, it's a good place if you need something quick to fill your belly.
4	Yay for boba tea because they have it here now and that makes me happy! China A Go Go is always a great go to place for lunch or dinner. It's way better than Panda Express and they have great lunch specials too! My family loves the Orange Chicken here because it isn't dry and over done like at Panda. I am a fan of the fried rice and veggies myself. Of course you can never go wrong with the chips that they give you here while you are waiting, they are super addicting and they are great to dip in anything! They are always super friendly here too, which is always a plus because you can't just have yummy food if you don't have nice friendly people to go with it :-)
1	I'm not sure if China Go Go is a franchise but this is the worst of the bunch.  I've had a lot of meals at their location in Aliante which rivals restaurants in Chinatown.  This location on Trop is very dirty.  Dried rice caked on the floor and dust on chairs.   It looks like nothing has been cleaned in years.  The food is equally bad.  I ordered the black bean fish filet that I've had dozens of times at other locations.  This one was inedible.  I'll never return to this location.
4	Great food for the price. Place is always clean and staff is friendly. Usually order over the phone for a quick pick up on way home. Pot stickers are great!!! When I get chicken fried rice, always order $2 more chicken and they never disappoint!
2	Service was wonderful !!!! But the food is not on point at all;/ don't order the pad thai or pepper steak . The meat were all fatty . Ahhhhhh
1	I don't like being lied to...who does.  I called ahead to ask them if they use MSG and was told "no."  I asked again, "are you sure, because I get headaches after eating MSG?"  The lady on the other end snaps back "no MSG!"Well, the lady working the counter lied to me as I still have a headache from eating lunch there yesterday. It's so bad that I feel compelled to write this review as I cannot sleep with this headache.  I only get headaches after consuming large quantities of the garbage, which is rare since I take precautions to avoid it the best I can and haven't experienced anyone else lying about it.  Hell...even a Vietnamese restaurant admitted to " just a little bit...just a little bit" recently which I appreciated, yet avoided.Rather than being honest and not making a sale, China A GoGo decided to be deceptive and in return will get my honest review about the cleanliness of their restaurant and quality of their food.So against my better judgement, I ordered the Mongolian Beef lunch with Hot & Sour Soup...not to go.  The table I sit at is sticky prior to my food arriving.  The soy sauce and Sriracha on the table have crusty residue on the tops of them.  Even though I chose to dine in, my food arrives in a styrofoam to go box...the soup in a styrofoam cup.  The lady plops it down in front of me and I see noodles hanging out of the box laying on the sticky tabletop.  I pull the noodles that have contacted the table out putting them on my napkin.  I'm given only 1 napkin, a plastic fork...no chopsticks.The Mongolian beef wasn't at all spicy or seasoned for that matter.  Not a lot of meat, but a ton or green bell pepper and onion.  A more fitting name would've been Bell Peppers in MSG sauce.  It came with fried rice and some bland brown noodles.  I was expecting it to come with white rice and would've preferred it to.  The fried rice was meatless and flavorless.  The noodles were just as bland, actually more so.  Maybe I should've eaten the noodles hanging off the box that touched the table?  They may have had more flavor after soaking up the table top bacteria.The hot and sour soup was neither hot nor sour.  Tons of tofu, no meat whatsoever and close to no bamboo shoots.  A slippery, slimey tofu soup without any crunch is what I got.Even without the MSG fiasco, I would've rated it 2 stars.  Since I was deceived in the name of a few dollars and am still suffering at 5am the next day, they get 1.  China a NoGo makes Panda Yuckxpress seem like a 5 star dining establishment.
