5	Cook Out can always be hit or miss for me.  Tonight I was craving a "cookout style" hamburger & I wheeled on into this Cook Out.I pulled in & thankfully there wasn't any wait in either drive-thru. Woo hoo! I was pleasantly greeted on the speaker by a gentleman asking for my order. I get the SAME thing every time, I'm so predictable! Regular tray: cookout style (slaw, onions, & chili), seasoned fries, corn dog & cheerwine. I was thanked for my order & when I pulled up, in no time I had my food. I was so hungry, I decided to partake in my food while driving. Normally, this is where I have an issue...but not today!  The fries were neatly placed inside the tray, light on the seasoning (so it wasn't spilling all over the place).  I uncovered the foil on the hamburger & surprised again; the hamburger was actually neat! The slaw & chili stayed on the hamburger & didn't spill out into the foil.  I was two for three so far!  And the corn dog...perfect temperature & wasn't overcooked. The cheerwine was  perfect, too. Three cheers all around for Cook Out! The parking lot was clean, there was plenty of parking & it was easy to get in & out of the location.Pleasant employees, terrific experience & tasty food. Way to go, Cook Out!
4	Food is outstanding and price is even better. For $4.50 you get an entree (huge chicken strips, chicken sandwiches, burgers, etc), 2 sides (and they have a ton of sides to choose from) and a large soda. It is a ton of food and is always hot and fresh. There is absolutely no better deal in Charlotte for how much food you get and how hot/fresh it is. The downfall, in my opinion, is how rude the staff can be and how they rush you every time you order. If you say "give me a minute to look at the menu" they get pretty peeved. The younger girls have a ton of attitude and we have considered not going back, but the food is so good and cheap. Only other downfall is  that they don't give you a bag when they hand you your dinners, so if you are ordering for your family I would honestly bring something like a reuseable shopping bag to get it all back home. Oh, and if you order chili as a side, please know that you are not getting a bowl of actual chili. It's a small condiment bowl with the kind of thick chili you would put on your fries. It's good, just isn't a lot and isn't "soup".
4	This review is only for the shakes, of which there are MANY flavors to choose from. With $.99 specials, prices are amazing! We went for a $2.50 toffee heath bar crunch on a splurge. The shake is more like a DQ Blizzard in consistency (very thick), almost like soft ice cream. It didn't last long enough to use the provided straw, just the spoon.
5	I just don't know what else to say.....hands down one of the best spots I have eaten from in a long time! Living in the beautiful state of Colorado for many years finding a variety of fast food restaurants was not always an easy task. Not that fast food is consistently good for our bodies but...reality for me is that I get cravings or sometimes I'm just tired and want something quick but delicious to eat. When I first moved here  to Charlotte a few months ago I was hungry, was working late, and a friend said, "I'm going to take you to a spot here called the Cookout". My my.....the first thing I saw was that I could have cheesecake made my way! And this was through the drive through! Cheesecake is my favorite desert! I was already in love! You can have almost anything you want made there your way! Not just burgers! But oh was my burger so so good! They don't have anything like that where I just moved from. I have been hooked ever since! The customer service was great and the prices are decent. I have also been told by many that they are open until at least 2 or 3 am. If you ever visit the Charlotte area I definitely recommend you visit the Cookout.
5	Awesome food. Real meat hamburgers. Cheer wine and ice cream great idea.
5	When I found out a series of misadventures would mean that I wouldn't be heading stateside for Christmas this year, I was pretty sad that I wouldn't see my family.  But when I also realized it would be MONTHS before I'd wrap my mouth around a delicious chili burger from Cook Out, I was plain devastated.  We always avoid the drive-through and just eat inside - the dining area is always clean and tidy, plus it's a nice break on the drive from the airport.  A North Carolina institution - need a Cook Out in Australia!
3	I realize Cook Out is a chain, but we don't have them in California and before last week I'd never heard of it, so I thought it worth yelping. For those who don't know, it's a burger place with no indoor seating, similar to Sonic. I tried their regular cheeseburger and milkshake. The burger came with a 1/8 pound patty, American cheese, lettuce pickles, ketchup, mustard and mayo. So yeah, it's pretty condiment heavy. Once cooked the patty was so small that I couldn't even find it at first. Otherwise, it was a regular crappy fast food burger, pretty similar to McDonalds but not as good. The milkshake, on the other hand, was great. They have a pretty large selection and I got the Reeces and tried the banana.  My only complaint is that the chocolate pieces were so large they couldn't fit through the straw. Otherwise, it was a great shake.
4	I've gotta tell ya, I'm a Cook Out junkie!  There was a time, back in my fat boy days, where I would hit the Cook Out drive thru almost daily!  The prices are great, the food is great and for crying out loud they have milkshakes!  Fat Shane thought it didn't get much better than that!  The Cook Out "Tray" is a great deal!  There are endless flavor options to tickle your milkshake fancy.  The double drive thru makes for extremely fast and efficient service.  The staff is friendly and only once have I ever driven off with an error in my order.  Once is great considering how may times I've been there and it was an easy mistake to make.  I ordered a chocolate chip milkshake but was mistakenly given a mint chip milkshake.  It happens.  All good.Head straight to Cook Out for some of the best BBQ, hot dogs, milkshakes and burgers around!  Coot Out was new to me when I moved to NC years ago and I even got my family hooked on it when they would visit.  It got to the point that they asked to go to Cook Out as soon as they got into town.  Now, just within the last 4 months, a Cook Out has opened in my hometown of Portsmouth, VA.  There are a lot of happy people in P-Town now!  Milkshake Tip:  You aren't limited to the flavors on the menu.  I like to make my own.  They offer chocolate chip and they offer cappuccino.  I get cappuccino and have them add chocolate chips.  Viola!  Java chip deliciousness!  I've had to steer clear of the Cook Out since setting out to live a healthier lifestyle but I still treat myself to a milkshake and a hot dog from time to time!
5	Absolutely love Cook-Out! At one point it was lunch every day. The food is great and the combos are great for less than $5, including a drink! This one has rarely gotten my order wrong, but I've never paid for something I didn't receive.
4	I come here for one reason and one reason only. Milkshake specials. They're the right mix for a shake. Thick and creamy.  And the right price. 99 cents for a good size portion, at least an avg of 2 serving sizes. Other food is pretty decent, too. Reminds me of fair food with the taste and variety. And who doesn't like a good old fair with the rides and the junk food. Even though I love the tandem drive thru, you've definitely got to watch out for the other side. Once people have their good greasy food, they're gone quickly.
5	I love Cookout. The Milkshakes are AMAZING! The tray combo deal is also great. If you like Hushpuppies you should give them a try here (They are just a $1!)
