4	This is the place to go for an inexpensive pedicure.  The technicians are attentive and pleasant. They do a good job and don't skimp on any details.  They have a great selection of polishes, and usually, can fit you in easily with no appointment.  The place is large and bright, and like most quick nail shops, has no real attention to decor, but because of the size of the place, it doesn't have a dark warehouse feel.   A basic pedicure is $20 and includes a soak and a massage while your back is massaged in the spa chair. The manicures are good too. The nail techs do a good job of applying and maintaining acrylic tips and overlay.  There are a couple of techs who will do full sculpts, but they prefer to use tips.
4	Very enjoyable experience.  A spa pedicure for just $16 bucks!  My technician was super sweet and we chatted the whole time. Unusual for me because I am not a big chit chatty person.  My toes look great, way better than I could have done myself.  They were also able to get me in right away.  Very convenient so I will be back!Pleas note:  They do not allow you to leave the tip on a credit card if you pay with one, so have cash available.
3	So there is nothing spectacular about this place but there is also nothing terrible abou it. It's just your average nail place. The ladies are nice, though! I kind of likes that they didn't try to talk to me the whole time...maybe I'm weird but I kind of like my peace and quiet when I'm getting pampered (I don't always have the time or funds to do my hair, nails, etc). I went in asking about their student special. It wasn't much of a special to be honest. I got the same price as anyone else. I only realized it once I left. My fault. Anyway, it's a decent place that looks clean and sanitary. The other thing was that I felt like my manicure and pedicure were rushed. I was expecting more attention to detail. It's about 5 days later and my manicure is chipping :(  My toes are cute though. The one thing I must say that I do dislike about some establishments is that they treat you as they see you. I sort of felt that way when I walked in. What I mean by that is that yes, I am a student but that doesn't mean you should rush through my manicure and pedicure because I'm not a "rich lady" customer. I guess I felt unimportant to them. I picked up that vibe. Anyway! If you want exceptional service well then this place is just average. Like I said, not bad nor super amazing either. Personally, I'd just go somewhere else. I like the nail spa in Desert Ridge next to port of sub of you want my honest opinion. They are 10X better. Happy feetz! :) get it? Cause like...it's a nail place....
4	I love feeling like a queen for the day. One tech at my feet, one doing my nails.  And I definitly recommend getting gel nails.  It looks great and lasts long.
1	Horrible.  The tools were shared between customers, she squirted oil on my toe nails, and immediately placed them in the water, didnt even rub the oil in, at all.  She got up three times in the middle of my leg massage to answer her cell phone or help other clients, the actual massage probably only lasted 30 seconds because she kept getting up. and to top it off, the paint on my nails arent even even!  I am going to redo them.  I got robbed.
4	I have the cutest nails!  Gel nails that last forever.  Flowers on my toes to go with my spring wardrobe.  And for an extra $10...a 15 minute foot massage that was ABSOLUTELY heaven.
1	Horrible horrible horrible! Worst nail place EVER. My manicure was SOOO bad. I had a fill done & then a manicure. I was rushed, they look DISGUSTING. THEY WERE RUDE AS WELL. I asked her fix my nails and she gave me attitude? They're so unprofessional I will never recommend this place. I had to get them fixed the next day at a different place. I will never go there again. I feel bad that I even took my friend there. They got done with her nails in 10 minutes. Can you only imagine how horrible her nails look?
2	I went in her for the first time today for a gel manicure as an early birthday present to myself and I don't often get manicures because I don't have the money to keep them looking nice. When I walked in I was greated and sat down I asked the technician if my nails were long enough for a french manicure and she said "absolutely! Pick any color for the tip.  Anything you want, I can do!" So I picked a sparkly pink. She then pulled out the color and I told her it didn't look pink it looked way to red to which she said "no my darling, you will see." Then she put it on the whole nail bed, I told her I asked her for just a french with that color and she said, "no you want this, that lasts two weeks this lasts four!" Then when it was done I took my hand out of the light and saw it was a deep, bold red. It looks great but I didn't get a single thing I asked for, I wasted not just my money but also my one birthday present. I will not be returning.
1	I went in there, as a first time customer.  Decent gel manicure.When I went to pay, she claimed that she was having trouble with the machine, brought me out a garbled-looking receipt, where I couldn't make out any numbers, yet the line to sign was clear,  and that she needed to re-do my charge card.  I was having the feeling that I was going to be double-billed, and said to her, I better not be double-charged, which is exactly what happened.  I went in there with both of my receipts (the garbled one, and the 'clear' one), and told them that it had shown up on my credit card statement as a 'double billing', exactly how I thought it would be.  They asked me to provide them with a bank statement - which I did, with all the personal information blacked out.  What a pain in the butt to get a refund!!   When I presented all of that, I was told the manager wasn't in, and she was the only one that could issue me a refund.  And to come back (like I've got all the time in the world, to do that!).Forget that - I called my credit card company, and they took off one of the charges!!I WILL NEVER go back there again, for the poor way that I was treated, when it was their mistake.I don't care about their spa pedicure prices or anything else.  You only have one chance to make a good 'first' impression -- major FAIL!!
1	The worse service ever She went to charge me and said the last time I was in the machine didn't work and charged me for the last time i was in. Ripped off!!!Will never go there again!!!
