4	After much heartache (and heartburn for that matter), I have finally found a decent Chinese food restaurant... drum roll please... Panda Express.Ironically it is a chain restaurant, but who the hell cares?  It has been quite the task trying to find good Chinese food around here... but here we have it... Panda Express.So, let me elaborate... you walk in, and order from a counter where you can point to what you like... the food is behind glass in large metal dishes.  Everything was kept at a good temperature.  I ordered the sweet and sour pork, fried rice, and an egg roll with a drink.  They have a choice of different meal sizes, and you get your meal to go or stay.   The food was very good, especially considering this is a chain restaurant.  There is a good selection of different types of sodas/ice teas/lemonade to choose from (you get it yourself).  Some of their other entrees included the Orange Chicken, Tangy Shrimp, Broccoli Beef, and Mongolian Beef ~ all of which looked appetizing.There is one part of my experience that was unpleasant however.  After searching and searching to find GOOD wonton soup in all of Arizona ~  After driving aimlessly up and down street after street looking for a decent looking Chinese restaurant that MAY or MAY NOT serve good wonton ~ After trying countless other wonton soups that just didn't meet up to my (probably unrealistic) expectations....  This has been a trying, troublesome process... but I thought, maybe, just maybe, Panda Express will shine their gleaming face in my direction.... NO, WRONG.  Why is this, you may ask???  Well, it's because they DON'T SERVE WONTON SOUP!!!!!  Yes, you are reading this correctly.  THEY DON'T SERVE WONTON SOUP AT AN F'ING CHINESE FOOD RESTAURANT!!!!!!  WTF???  Does anyone know what type of wonton soup I am talking about?  I used to get it at every Chinese food restaurant I ever went to back east (New Jersey).  It has a thin broth, with pieces of scallions and small strips of beef (just a few) and rubbery wonton noodles stuffed with pork.  I know it sounds nasty, but it's really good!  DAMN IT!Ok, I need to relax.Other than that, the place is great.  It's clean with nice atmosphere, great service, and good food.
2	How is it possible to mess up Chinese food you may ask?  Just come here during dinner time and you too can find out.  Pretty basic recipes just duplicated to death so they should know how to make it.The beef and broccoli was very rushed as the broccoli was still cool compared to the really hot meat, not a lot of flavor with the sweet and sour pork, and the fried rice was still hard.  I've been here many times and had really good food.  Maybe it was an off night for the crew so I will go back and give it another chance.  Orange chicken is the way to go.
1	Terrible--to be honest if the mixed smells don't scare you away the obvious addition of food coloring into everything breaded should.I've eaten here three times and every time I've been violently sick, off two chicken dishes and one pork.Any hole in the wall Chinese restaurant is better then this!
4	My husband, 2yo, 4yo and me love this place for its quick and tasty chow mein and fried rice!  Service is very friendly and fast!  We should own stock in this company. We have many options since we live in the neighborhood (Pei Wei is next block over), but Panda Express' noodles are not soggy like others...It tastes fresh. Plus drive thru is super handy when you have kids in the car and you don't want to be hassling with belt buckles in and out...
3	Delivery Is Free But Not For MeBy The RueDeliver is free,But not for me,It always cost a dollar fifty.My poor Panda Express,You leave such a mess,In my heart and in my belly,Your food makes my breath smelly.Bejing beef and spring roll,If you only knew the kind of toll,That your food took on me,I should have went to KFC.Although I love you my poor Panda,You should hire more girls named Amanda,Four for four I regret eating you,When I burp the smell is pee-u. Fin
5	I love Panda Express. I mean. Get a grip people. Are you really expecting real Chinese food when this place is fast food? Not sure what's wrong with everyone else but I don't get sick after eating here. I love this place.
1	The food is great but they are Rud here! Need better customer service. I kept repeating what I wanted for entree. We were going to eat in the restaurant only to place my order in a Togo bag. When I told her she gave me attitude. Not cool
