3	More Honduran than Mexican, forgive my categorization.Lempira's menu is huge, HUGE, like Greek Diner scale with many typical Mexican delicacies (minus Mole), Chile Rellenos, Fajitas, Burritos, Burritos Suizas, etc. We went for pupusas but ended up with more - Boltanos, like an open-faced brekkie burrito, cheese, eggs, beans, avocado. Some sort of empanada wrapped entirely in plantain and deep fried, filled with some sort of rice pudding. Deserty. But delicious.It can be a struggle to eat here if a) you don't speak a lot of spanish and b) if you're vegetarian, but both of those apply to me and I left very, very full. As we were poking at our various foods, enormous Platos Typicos were steadily streaming out of the kitchen, all large and enticing. Veggies will stick more to breakfast, empanadas, pupusas, and burritos. Be emphatic - some menu descriptions forget to mention ham, etc.Ask for the spicy salsa when you sit, as their gringo Red is mucho boring. They also do Botela Coke - enough for two to share. 6 dollar lunch specials daily. Breakfast combos served all day long. Lots of wood and curved doorways. Neato.
3	The pupusas are terrific but the service is lousy. The food here is great with a great variety of Honduran, Salvadoran, and Mexican dishes. I tried pupusas and tamales here and the pupusas were great and the tamales de elote were average. My friend ordered a half chicken with plantains which he said was rather good. The portions are big and generally a good value for money. The service is rather lousy. I pointed out to the waitress that my friend was overcharged on the bill and she refused to correct it and was icy from then on. She wasn't terribly friendly to begin with but it was solid ice by the end. Oh well.... If you don't mind the service, the food is terrific.
4	I love this place.there is music playing + a jukebox, bar and big TVs. the menu has a variety of plates from Honduras & Mexico also some American. Huge portions @great Price highly re comment it..& sure I'm coming back!
4	Open late, full bar. Really good food. Everything I had was good, even the flan. Huge menu, great prices. My friend had the Guatemalan plate which was like $20 but it looked great( sausage, red beans and rice, chicken, shrimp, steak, plantains and a salad). I thought it was an awesome price. Some of the servers don't speak English. My first one didn't understand me but She had another server that could speak English wait on us. She could've been a little better about Checking on us more frequently, but I personally enjoy long dinners
4	I like this place a lot but i was a little disappointed because they don't do pupusas con frijoles y queso. :(((  They just have pupusas con queso and like two other choices. Other than that its cheap and they were really nice to me so i was happy.
4	Dos palabras: Me gusta.
4	huuuge portions, and tasty food!Just a heads up, most of the staff doesn't speak English, though the menu is in English and in Spanish so you can make a choice and then point if necessary. Even though members of our group speak Spanish fluently, our pale skin immediately sent the hostess for the English speaker on staff. Can't blame them, I guess, but in case she's not there when you are, you can still get a good meal!As others have mentioned, the menu is fairly large, and encompasses a few different regions. We ordered everything from stuffed plantains to chicken and steak tacos to pinchos to a beautiful shrimp and fish dish, and some were accompanied by fantastic house made tortillas. I ordered the chicken pinchos. YUM! Perfectly cooked, a nice sauce, rice, salad, fried plantains, and a small odd shaped hot dog tasting thing (we've made our best guesses, but I'll just tell you it mostly tastes like a hot dog and looks like it went through a cookie cutter). I couldn't finish my large platter, and actually most people couldn't finish their plate. Hello, 4th meal!We asked if they had any draft beer, she said "yes", but it was all from the bottle. Oh well. Pretty good service, jukebox, delicious food, I'm ready to go back!! CMYE?? (and pay at the counter on your way out)
4	So we found this little treasure off of South Blvd, based solely on the awesome Yelp reviews. We walked in and were greeted and seated right away. Chips and salsa were presented immediately and then we got our menus. I loved the menu...there were tons of pages and options...anything you could possibly want chicken, seafood, beef, steak and great  pictures under most all the dishes so you can see exactly what you will be getting which made me as a hungry and confused first timer very happy! After some questions and review of the menu we finally ordered I opted for the lunch special, burritos and cream sauce. Okay, first things first,I agree with the previous review portion size here is here is out of control!!! There were so many plates always coming out the kitchen loaded with tons of great food! I couldn't wait to get mine and I was not disappointed!When my burritos arrived all I could get out was OMG! They were huge! Packed with delicious shredded chicken and rice... My favorite part of the dish was the sauce. It was so flavorful and had a very nice kick, but if you want to kick it up make sure to ask for some of the hot sauce from the kitchen, it's so freaking good! Needless to say we both left stuffed and happy! This is a great place for some Mexican grub and I look forward to going back!
2	I ordered the stuffed plantain and a pupusa. The pupusa was ok-good, and only left me craving a fantastic one from el pulgarcito de america. I didn't care for the meat in the stuffed plantain at all.  I also got a mango drink that was very good.Service was very friendly, but also very inattentive, especially when it was time for the check.  If I were in my grandmother's little town with nothing, I would go back, but not in Charlotte where we have so many better choices.
5	BEST spanish food in Charlotte.  They have the best pupusas and the prices are reasonable.  I love this place.
5	Fantastic! The food is exceptional, prices are great, and the pictures on the menu are exactly what you'll get on your plate every single time.
3	I would have given this place 2 stars but the food was good. Staff was fairly inattentive, only checked on me once. Beer was not ice cold, and no draft selection. Food was pretty good. I can't remember the name of what I got but it was pork chops on top of a bed of typical Mexican restaurant salad fixings, shredded lettuce, tomato, with a side of white rice and refried beans and fried plantains which were good but some of them were dry and almost cold. Overall I would say meh, I've had better. Also the restaurant seems to be for Latino people not Americans. I did like that everything on the menu had a pic!
2	I have to say the food at this place is quite delicious, however, the service is absolutely terrible!!! The plates are HUGE and portions are generous. Just be prepared for your server to not be super peppy.
3	The food is worth 5 stars. Minus 1  for no one understanding English.  Call to ask what time they stop serving lunch the person that answered gave me to someone else, the person she gave me thought I was asking what time they open and close, so that's the answer she gave me then hung up.After eating here, minuse 1/2 for the fact they have a full dessert menu but had no dessert prepared.When I got there asked what time they stop serving lunch she said lunch is good all day when I got my bill I was charged full price. Minus 1/2
4	Great, authentic Mexican and Honduran food. The best I have found after touring the South Boulevard corridor. The lunch specials, 11-3 including weekends, is a steal. The portions are a crime... Take some home!  Ordered a tamale ($2) and plantain empanada (also just $2) as sides... Both were outstanding.
4	Had baleada 5 and it was really great and cheap. Can't wait to try more.
5	I've been living on this side of town for almost 6 years, and this is the first time I ate here. Only ordered the chicken flautas to go, and OMG,  it was so good!!! I haven't eaten these since I left NY, and it reminded me so much of this Mexican joint I used to always go to. It was just an appetizer but they add lettuce, tomatoes, onions and guacamole so you could easily have it for lunch or dinner. Ok, rant over. :-)
4	Great food, clean restaurant, & the menu is huge! Try Honduran dishes- they're to die for!
4	Great menu selection would have given it a 5 star rating if it wasn't for the AC Unit, pretty warm eating lunch.  But overall I was extremely satisfied with my selection.  The El Salvador house special plate.  Coming from a cook. The food was made perfect.  Give it a try if you're looking for some Central American food.
1	Came in on a Saturday night......bad idea! I was just ordering food to go, so it shouldn't have been too bad. I ordered 2 pupusas....just 2! (And a small horchata) Guess how long I had to wait....50 whole minutes! FIFTY MINUTES! For 2 little pupusas! The lady who took my order would periodically look at me and she didn't speak a word to me. No reassurance that my food was on its way. I thought they forgot about my order. On top of that, after she gave me my food, I had to ask for my horchata. She asked me "what size"? She should have at least upgraded me to a large because of the long wait and for forgetting to give me my drink all together! Plus, I had to wait another 5 minutes to even get my drink! Ridiculous!!! The pupusas were ok....not worth waiting that long, especially by myself!
5	Hands down, this is among the best Latin American foods I've experienced. I am not going to subtract points for customer service, or for servers not speaking English. ARE YOU KIDDING ME??? This is the reason WHY the food is so exceptional. Look, if you want the American experience of eating Mexican food, go to Taco Bell, or On the Border. But if  you want authentic, quality food that Latino people actually frequent on a regular basis, then this is it. My husband and I were taken aback when we were greeted in Spanish, and saw that the restaurant was full of Latin Americans, but it was a GOOD "taken aback"! LOL. What went through our minds was: "Oh yes, we're in the right spot!" And the food did not disappoint. If you're smug and are put off because you have to wait a few moments for them to bring and English-speaking host to seat you, then that's on you, but you're missing out!  :D
3	I'm always up for trying new places and my boyfriend loves Mexican so we thought we would venture out of our norm and try some place new.This place has a huge menu and the prices range along with it. Their lunch prices are what you would expect but if you don't find what you want there you'll pay a premium for their dinner prices. They have Mexican, Honduras and other south/central American food.The food was very good. Had great presentation, great flavor, and huge portions.The staff was friendly but the food took a long time. I probably wouldn't have noticed if we had chips and salsa to munch on. Our drinks were never refilled even though they sat empty half way through our meal.The highlight to any Mexican meal is the chips and salsa. Theirs ended up being very good but we didn't think they served any until we saw a near by table get some. At that point we already had our meals!
5	Love the food! Always fresh, big plates, authentic. Saturdays are busy, but it is not a fine dining place anyways
4	This is definitily the most expensive restaurant we ever been too but since it includes a "show" it makes it worthwhile. It is for us a once in a lifetime experience but a very worthy one. Not all the courses were great but each course was surprising and intersting and most of them were also very tasty.
3	Paul's YER (Yelp Elite Rating): 3 Stars.Went here with my buddy Paul who raved about their Sunday brunch. Being part Salvadorean, he speaks Spanish so I felt like I had a crutch. Well thankfully I went with Paul because ENGLISH IS NOT SPOKEN IN THIS RESTAURANT!!! For all my fellow gringos out there bring a Spanish interpreter because you won't be able to order. I still am shocked about this but our waitress didn't speak a lick of English nor did I hear anyone else speaking any English except for me and my buddy Paul. I'm still quite shocked about this. So was Paul!Down to the food. Well, that pesky Language barrier again. I was VERY clear in what I wanted. In fact, I POINTED TO THE MENU and said "aqui." I don't care if she only spoke Farsi pointing to WHAT I wanted should have done the trick. Well guess what? She brought something totally different. Was it good? YES! Very good actually. Then my dish was supposed to come with Chorizo. It didn't. Thankfully my buddy Paul TRIED to communicate to her what was going on and after about 30 minutes a Chorizo finally came out.What my friend Paul got was quite good as well. But he felt that his beef was over cooked. I tasted it and while I thought the flavors were excellent, it was clearly overdone.We both enjoyed the food. But when nobody in the restaurant does NOT speak any ENGLISH in your own COUNTRY, then I do have an issue. I'm ALL for speaking another language. Both my parents "Mother" languages were not English either (Tagalog and Croatian). But they learned.I really am befuddled at HOW they expect to have a THRIVING business when NO English is spoken there? I mean, it's GREAT that they cater to the Latin community for sure. But NO English? At all? Really? WTF?That's all I have to say.
3	I'm not an authority on Latin American food but it seems rather authentic to me. The staff is nice and they do have a few who can speak English. The menu has English translations which is also very helpful!!  We got the chicken flautas, chicken in a jalepeno cream sauce and the carna asada. The flautas were okay but you could really taste the lard in the tortillas. The Carna Asada was a little over cooked for sure but had a great taste. The chicken was delicious and was very spicy but yummy!! Neither of us were a fan of the tortillas that came with any of the dishes. We just could really taste the lard that they used which is not something either of us is used to. Over all though it's a decent little spot to check out and they are open late.
