4	While almost everything was amazing, there was one flaw: my main meal - steak tacos - was very bland. It was just  steak (underseasoned), with cooked onions and raw onions. I am no connoisseur of tacos or anything - but isn't there usually a little more to them? Honestly, just a little more seasoning would have made all the difference.On to the great stuff! Because apart from the tacos, the meal was awesome! The service was excellent. Our waitress was Clauvia and she was very good. We always had water and she was very attentive to our needs. She served us chips with 3 different types of salsa when we arrived, and they refill the chips! The mixed drinks are fairly priced and delicious.As an appetizer, I had the salmon ceviche. It was super flavourful. My partner and I each had the tortilla soup, which I think was the star of the night. It tasted great and the avocados and cheese in it were great for texture.  This is definitely what I would recommend if you go.The owner came by to see how we were enjoying the evening and I think that that was a great gesture - perhaps because they are a new restaurant. I would definitely go back again! It's about time we had some mexican food  in the west island!
1	These guys won't last long. Phoned for a reservation, got message to leave a reservation request, left the message for a reservation (early evening). No call back. Tried again; no answer. Showed up to find they had booked the entire place for a full evening event. When asked why they did not call back to confirm or reject the reservation, they told me that was not their policy; it's up to the client to keep calling back until a real person is able to respond.  Now go figure on that one!
2	I really wanted this place to be great so I could have a high-end Mexican restaurant in my backyard. Unfortunately this wasn't the case.Upon entering the restaurant, I immediately noticed that, like Zento sushi before it, Pitaya closed off the 2nd floor of this massive location. I guess they had the same hard time drawing a crowd. In their defense, it's a pretty low-traffic location on St Jean. My +1 and I were greeted with a smile and a "We're about to close the kitchen. You can dine if you can order right away." That wasn't something i was expecting to hear an hour before closing, but that's fine as long as it means prompt service.I excitedly ordered the fajita. While I normally avoid fajitas, having them prepared by a Mexican chef is a whole different story. What I received was a very generic dish of slightly bland grilled veggies and less-than-choice cuts of chicken strips. While the portions and food quality put them a slight notch above Jack Astors, it wasn't enough to justify the price.The tortilla chips were quite tasty. They seemed freshly mad and came with spicy & mild salsa. The spicy was actually a very nice, authentic kick I was expecting from a Mexican kitchenThe waitress was telling me about how it's their family business and the only other location is in Mexico. They just went through a bad chef and now hired a new one. Cool story, bro, but that doesn't put the pico in my gallo. I'll give them another try in a little while to see how they've changed before I totally write them off. Again, this is a place I would really like to be well established in the west. I just worry that the challenge is too much for them.
