4	The time was 4:30am.  It was dark and a little chilly with the sun not yet up.  Perhaps that's why they call it Black Friday, but my money was on the delicate hint of malice in the air as I stood shoulder to shoulder with  veteran soccer moms with steel and fire glinting from their eyes, Scowling teenagers and college students bubbling with nervous energy and the occasional hen-pecked dad who got talked into dealing with shopping insanity as some sort of a special treat before trudging off to the salt  mines for the day.There were at least five hundred infantry ahead of me and five hundred behind me and our numbers kept growing.  There were scattered bits of conversation but most of us were silent, contemplating the chaos we were about to charge into for the sake of our families, our friends, our lovers.  But mostly for the sake of savings.  We glanced ahead and behind, sizing up the competition, mentally calculating our strategies for navigating the battlefield.  We were at least a battalion strong.  Perhaps a regiment by the time the doors would open.  And it would be every man woman and child for themselves.Occasionally, someone would open a wallet or a purse, checking and rechecking their ammunition, occasionally running a finger along the edge of a bank card or bill to make sure they maintained their razor edge.  Slowly, we began to march forward and the slow but steady trudge was a stark contrast to the sense of frantic urgency that crackled in the morning air.  Not all of us could walk away victors, but all of us were determined to try.Then something happened.  Something I would have never expected.  As we approached the double glass doors, we were greeted by another army.  With their bright blue uniforms, they could have been UN peacekeepers.  They handed us each a large plastic bag and ushered us into the store with bleary eyed smiles.  The fear and tension started to lift.  I have been at Toys R Us on Christmas eve.  I have seen the very worst of Holiday spirits and I was ready to face them again all for the sake of an (CENSORED) that (CENSORED) just had to have.Yes the store was crowded.  But there were so many helpful, indeed cheerful sales attendants on hand that most of us shoppers just melted into a gentle wave of requests which were quickly and cheerfully met before anyone could get bent out of shape or stressed out.  A sales clerk simply asked me to wait for a moment while she located a reserve ticket for the doorbuster item I had stood in line for.  One minute and fifteen seconds later she returned with a document which guaranteed me my desired item at the desired price to be delivered to me as I left the store.  Another clerk helped me locate the other items I needed and I was done with my shopping within ten minutes.  Of course it took another hour or so to work through the serpentine line at the checkout but all of us were so relieved at how painless and indeed bloodless the shopping experience had been. We were more than happy to stand in line waiting for the opportunity to plunk down our hard earned cash on the latest objects of technolust that had caught the eyes of our loved ones.  We left tired.  And we left poor.  But I dare say most of us left happy and for that Best Buy and the entire Best Buy army have my eternal gratitude.  Thanks for taking the ass out of Christm.
4	I've heard a million bad stories about Best Buy since I bought my computer there and added the 3 year warranty about 2 years ago.  Needless to say, the last thing in the world I wanted to do was hand over my baby for who knows how long.  But the connector between the screen and the computer on my lap top had slowly become looser and more broken until no amount of jiggling could make the screen work.  Ugh.  And to top it all off, I only have two weeks until the end of the quarter.  Two Weeks!  But my precious laptop that is always with me at school, clinic and home, wouldn't work any more, so I had no choice.So I went to the Best Buy that I purchased my computer at because I wanted no problems/excuses, with my closely guarded warranty receipt in hand.  I went to the "Geek Squad" desk and had Keith as my geek (I really hate the name regardless of how apropos).  He was helpful and quick.  It took about 2 minutes for him to take my information, look up my warranty and explain that it would take about 3 weeks to get my baby back.  3 WEEKS!  Does my warranty include a loaner? NO?!? But, Keith quickly calmed my fears of being computerless for the last two weeks of summer quarter.  With a manager's approval, I could "purchase" an open-box computer and return it when I was done and not have to pay a restocking fee.  That's fair.  I am taking a fairly expensive piece of equipment from them.I head over to the computer department where I explain my situation to Eric.  I need the cheapest open-box computer because I only need it for 2 weeks.  Things weren't looking good, but Eric remembered about a computer that recently came back from service. $450 later and I was walking out the door.  I think it took about 30 minutes from entering the door to leaving on a Saturday afternoon.  Both Eric and Keith were extremely helpful, informative and quick.  I would definitely go back to this Best Buy despite how far it is from where I live now.  I'll update when I get my computer back, which will hopefully be near the estimated time.
5	Two weeks after I dropped off my computer for service with the Geek Squad I got it back with a new screen and hand rest.  They said 3 weeks and I got it in two!!!  And the open-box computer I purchased to use while mine was in the shop was returned with no problems. I was so happy we purchased a new Toshiba DVD player for $40. Who knew that DVD players could be so cheap?  I've been using it all day and it works beatifully.
1	If you know what you need and don't expect any expertise or service then by all means go for it. We have spent thousands of dollars here at best buy and hundreds of it on their extended service plans but the geek squad is a joke, these guys don't know what they are doing and try to turn their errors into yours...Oh and if something is wrong be sure to plan on DOUBLE the amount of time to even have someone look at your equipment that knows what they are doing...Good luck.
3	I have  been here a few times and have had a fairly good experience with this location.  It's located close to the Fiesta Mall, and is easy to spot from the road.  I prefer this location to the Tempe Marketplace one because its substantially easier to get in and out of the mall area..Tempe Marketplace is quite the bottleneck, and this place is easy!I've come here for a few small things before, but finally purchased a digital camera from here yesterday.  I would say most of the time I have been approached for help from the staff here.  Sometimes I don't get approached, but it's really random, and if it's busy they may all be tied up.  Other times I feel like I'm being stalked, and try to shoo them away, and they won't leave me alone!!!Anyways, I will return to shop here as I've always enjoyed Best Buy!
1	I just recieved HORRIBLE customer service at this store.  I went to purchase a Netbook for school.  My husband gave me his card and took mine because his account had the money in it.  I was able to swipe the card and push credit before I was ever asked for ID, then was told if I had the pin number to that card I would be able to use it but since I did not I couldn't.  To me that is suggesting credit card fraud without implicating themselves.  I left.  I went home and placed the order online, put it in my name, and set it for in store pick up.  Because the store was closing in 10 minutes I hauled butt out of the house and left my ID but had the printed reciept, with my homework on the back (I recycle).  I also had the card used for purchase, a debit card with my name, my android phone with the bestbuy emails confirming my order, my checking account reciept, and many other ways to prove I am who I am.  (Not to mention the sales associates who had helped me minutes before).  I seriously doubt, at 9 pm, someone is going to know I placed that order, come to my house and steel the reciept, and go to best buy all in a timespan of 10 minutes, but whatever.  I also told them they could look up my best buy reward zone account and I would verrify every product purchased and what store they were purchased at.  This was not happening.  I got a little irate...I had been at this for hours, been to different locations, and now was being told that after I spent hundreds of dollars with them I could not have my item. Before I ever got rude, just a little loud, I was told that my behavior would not be tollerated.  I said this is why I hate best buy no customer service.  He told me he could easily cancel my order and I could spend my money somewhere else.  REALLY??? REALLY??? They then called mall security and the cops. That is when I started cussing.  So this is how they treat the people who keep their business alive. Circut City didn't do too well...any business can fail.  Best Buy has never honored our warenties, have never been nice after we spent money with them until we were ready to spend more,  geek squad messed up my desk top so bad that even the CIS and Electronics professors at my college could not fix it (after geeksquad tried to charge me to fix their mistake)...this was the LAST straw.  I am completely done.
5	After going to the Chandler Best Buy and this Best Buy location, I decided to come back here to buy my computer and all of it's accessories.  Why?  Because the staff here was better and manager, Jeff, was so friendly and helpful.  The store is a large, warehouse looking space but it's packed with goodies.  It's definitely worth the trip!See ya there!
1	lmfao.  So we are walking through BB the other day, because it is an anchor store at our mall.  I see the cop car outside in the parking lot and as we are entering the first doors I say "haha they called the cops on a pissed off customer" to my husband.  We walk through the second doors, and off to the right at CS, there is a pissed off man, the police, and the BB manager.  Since I have not shopped there due to the previous incident, I have not been back.  I see they still operate in the same way.
3	Typical of all Best Buys, you usually either have to search high and low for an employee, or there's 6 of them in 1 section standing around doing nothing.
1	I dropped off my Gateway laptop on 12/11/11 for a simple password reset. I somehow didn't turn off the password protection correctly and I couldn't access my computer. So, for $29.99, it seemed like a great idea to have Best Buy take care of this for me. I dropped off my computer with Mike and went to another appointment. My HUGE mistake was trusting that the password protection had actually been disabled. Mike seemed quite honest and on his game, so I took his word for it.So here it is the evening of 12/12/11 and I go to turn on the computer so I can watch a movie while I work out on my treadmill. But guess what! Yep, the computer wants a freaking password. So now I am on hold with the Geek Squad wondering why I spent the money to have someone do Lord only knows what, if anything, to my computer.This is my first time ever using the Geek Squad and I've got a feeling it'll be my last unless some supervisor happens to see this and contact me with news that such mistakes are rare.And then after quite some time on hold, the very nice lady in Kentucky was no help at all. So, either I venture out in the rain tonight to get this taken care of or I pop by the Best Buy another day this week. I see a refund in my future.
3	Large and clean, staff are all young pimply faced nerds but they were helpful, even took our porn jokes in stride.  Had an issue with my card and a manager was called over immediately and worked to get the situation fixed as quick as possible.  Would go back there again.
4	We went to this location to puchase a tv. First impression walking in the store was much like most Best Buy locations- large, clean, well staffed, well organized, and plenty of selection.When we entered the tv section we were immediately approached by Drew, an employee working in this department, who asked if we needed any help. We told him we were just browsing for now. He backed off and let us browse, but kept a watchful eye on us and knew exactly when we had narrowed down our choices. He approached a 2nd time, at the perfect moment. He answered all of our questions honestly to help us choose the best tv for our needs without being pushy or trying to upsell us a more expensive product that we did not need.We are happy with our selection and look forward to enjoying our new tv.
5	First of all, I'm the type of person who NEVER buys an extended warranty for anything.  (I'm the type of person who'd be wondering if the store actually wrote this review)                 But I have to say we ALWAYS buy our computers from Best Buy to get the Geek Squad Protection.  My boyfriend bought a computer for me from BB a few yrs ago & he got the extended warranty.  That's the only reason why I had one to begin with.               But Honestly, I think it has come in handy with every single computer or device we've had since then.  Whether it's a computer virus, or a dropped laptop with a broken screen, they've always been more than fair with us.       We use the BB at Fiesta most of the time bc it's closest to his house, but we've never had a bad experience & never felt like it was a waste of money buying the Geek Squad Protection.       BTW, sign up for their DEAL OF THE DAY, they occasionally have some really good prices on electronics on there too!
1	Good Grief, where to start. First wish I had checked the reviews on Yelp and elsewhere about how godawful geek squad is. I can now add my experience to the list. Bought a 60' for our annual super bowl party, scheduled installation, got a confirmation number and install time of 12-4 today, day before super bowl. Called this morning to confirm, first person I talked to sounded like she was down south, got transferred to someone else and was told me it never got scheduled. I insisted on having them squeeze me in because I had the confirmation and paid and they needed to do the right thing. Long time on hold and then the little weasel hung up on me. Called back and reached someone in Asia (!) Repeated story and was transferred to my Best Buy. Again on hold long time, first person said it never got scheduled so they cant do it. Again I'm giving them a confirmation for the order, charged my credit card, so lets get my TV installed as agreed. On hold then transferred to home theater. Nice enough kid but EVERYONE insisting that absolutely nobody can install today. Of course it's day before super bowl, I understand that it would be hard but if I paid the money and you confirmed it then get somebody (competent) over here. Nope, they can do it on Monday.....really? Day after super bowl? Day after party? I asked him if others in my circumstances just returned everything and jumped on yelp/google, etc to tell the story. His answer was that if that's what I needed to do. Then I told him about all the really bad reviews geek squad was getting but he probably knew that. Told him he must spend most of his day defending a lousy service. So long rant for this advice: if you need big screen TV installed, call your grandma, don't call geek squad.
1	As if our Yelp reviews will curtail visits to this big blue giant... One can only hope, right?When television shopping, what I want from a salesman is a greeting, and a request to assist. If I advise I'm not in need of assistance - it's time to scram, Sam! Oh and don't be a jerk to me. Is that too much to ask?Instead, Best Buy has decided to take a different path. They allow employees of a different company - a Cable Provider - to harrass me while looking at their products. Who in their right minds thought this was good for ANYTHING but coporate contracts? Are they THAT desperate to stay afloat in this internet dominated era?I do my research online, but there's something to be said for viewing a TV. I know the specs, and I know my taste. It's really offputting when a Direct TV employee asks if they can help you find what you're looking for and then scoffs when you tell them. "A Plasma TV?" Their idiodic retort: "Why would you want that? And 2.25 inches thick? You're confused - that's an LED TV. Plasmas aren't that thin. But who do you receive cable from? Can I interest you in Direct TV?"Go back to making cold calls and stop hastling me. If Best Buy trusts you to stand in their TV department they should force you to understand some basic information about the products you're quasi-representing. Talk about killing two birds with one stone. I'm not interested in supporting either company. Long story short: I found exactly what I was looking for and ordered it elsewhere.
2	I am actually very surprised that I am writing cross words about Best Buy but I am going forward.  We purchased a TV last week.  This TV was not in stock and had to be ordered and delivered.  It was set up for 9/9/13 for delivery.  On Saturday the 7th, we were called by Best Buy to confirm delivery between 11:30 and 1:30.  Great!!So, we took Monday the 9th off, prepared the entertainment center for the new TV, removed the old TV and all the wires, plug ins, dismantled the surround sound, etc.  As anybody knows, this is a time consuming job but we did it to prepare for a quick delivery and installation.At 1:30, no TV.  So we called.  We were told by Best Buy the delivery is set for 9/11/13.  Uh no..... we have paperwork and a phone message stating otherwise.  The young man on the phone decided to give me attitude about this change and told me to be quiet, simmer down and listen to what I need to do next.  Yea.  He said that.  I got a phone number to the warehouse and was told, "The truck didn't show up today."Really?  A trucking company is OK with a truck driver not showing up?  Really?  Off to the store I went and spoke to Manny, the store manager.  Good guy and doing the best he can do with a situation that is obviously a lie and somebody dropped the ball pretty badly.  Found out the TV just didn't make it on the truck for whatever reason and the when I called angry, well.... the TV was put on a late truck for arrival that evening.  Really.  Finally, at 8:30 in the evening, we drove 40 miles to pick up our TV at the warehouse and installed it on our own.I'm not comfortable with the lies Best Buy told us and even less impressed with the customer service provided with the exception of Manny, the store manager of the Fiesta Mall location.
1	I went to this Best Buy hoping to return a router I recently had replaced with a cox ISP router.  I showed up with the receipt, all items within the package, had barely used the product for a week, and was given the complete run-around that the product would be unable to sell due to it being off the shelf for more than 3 months.  What a load of crap - the customer service at this particular Best Buy is completely unreasonable and unacceptable.  Common sense say you give the customer at minimum a gift card to use, resell the product at a lower value refurbished, and at the end of it all Best Buy retains both my money & service.  Instead - they've lost both.I would strongly recommend you reconsider purchasing from this CTD franchise.
2	I'm not a huge fan of purchasing overpriced and underrated electronics here but my husband insisted on buying another best buy computer, even after our last terrible experience. So here i am with his computer again... in line at geek squad.  You have two employees working with seven customers and three employees in customer service standing around watching us get pissed off.  Great job!   Next time I'm buying dell direct.
3	This location is ok, we came in here to get the monster high game for Wii. We were helped quickly but then the checkout process took forever! I guess the employee was new, but he couldn't scan the game, I suggested he key in the UPC but he said no this has to work, ok. So he finally scans it, didn't ask for my rewards card, I had to tell him to. Then kept saying how he doesn't know why the game wouldn't scan then forgets to bag the game and hand it to me. Cheese and rice guy! I just want my game, in and out of there! Good greeting, MOST of the staff know what they're doing, perhaps my next trip here will be quicker.
1	Went to Best Buy in Fiesta mall for two things. Since there was a guitar center in the best buy I was going to pick up a set of strings for my guitar. However, upon arrival, I saw that the guitar center had closed. OK. No biggy. The second thing I needed was an LCD projector for my computer for presentations. After walking around the computer area and being ignored for a while, I tracked down an employee to show me where the LCD projectors were. He showed me but said that some of them weren't in stock and he would get someone else to help me. After standing there waiting for 10 minutes or so, I went home, logged on to amazon, and bought an LCD projector from amazon. I would have bought one at best buy if they had shown some interest in helping me or answering my questions.
5	I have been shopping here for years, and I have had no problems. I actually learn quite a bit at this location, and I am pleased to be able to talk to friendly staff about their products. I have found some incredible bargains at this particular location which is probably why I am so loyal to this particular Best Buy. Our computers, our gaming systems and even our kindlefire has came from this location. My husband and I love this place. I also inquired about a washing machine here, and may pick one up in the future. I love the fact that their staff know so much, It makes me feel more secure about my large purchases. excellent customer service. they have always applied their best listening skills when it comes to the customers needs. (mine and my husbands.)
3	Best buy staff are knowledgable and engaging not to happy with the venders if u will that are within the store but happy none the less
1	Geek squad is the worst to deal with and NEVER shows for appointments..When you call they can't find work order and when you provide the number that was given for service call they tell you it is someone else and where did you get the number.Never again!!!!
3	Personnel make a business. They did not make it for me, during many visits. This is a chain where I am often invisible. I have also had poor experiences with their clerks. I can't think of them as sales people. It is sad because I have a house brand item that is very reasonably priced and served me well.
5	Purchased a 60 inch sharp led TV at Tempe marketplace, got it home, and it was cracked. Went back the next day to this store to do an exchange after reading bad best buy reviews all day about them not taking back cracked screens, and they made it very simple and quick here for me. Eased my nerves immediately. They even offered to open the other tv, check it out, and repackage it.
1	Customer service sucks here!!! At the mobile section there is 5 people working on one customer with a handful of people waiting to be helped. To ask a question seemed as if we were pulling out a kidney or something. The response we got was "did you read the back?"  Well excuse freakin me!! I thought they would know. I think the employees need to go to customer service classes. As a customer it made me feel like my business is not wanted there, who would want to put up with rude attitude.
