3	I know I might some flack for only giving this place 3 stars, but really....it's no different than Chang's.  If I could give half stars, I would give it a 3.5.  Why?  Because I think it's better than Chang's.  It's exactly the same menu (just not as diverse), but cheaper.  If you are at this location, try Tott's instead.  I bet you'll start going there more often than here.
3	i've eaten at several pei wei restaurants -- which are all about the same -- but i've chosen to review this one, because it's special for a couple of reasons:- it's closest to my home- it was after a lunch meal here that i decided i would be plenty happy if i never eat at pei wei againthis is my fifth review on yelp, and it's my first review of a chain.  there's a good reason for that -- i spend much more time and money at mom and pop stores than chains.there's nothing wrong with pei wei -- but there's nothing really right about it either.  the recipes are solid, but the ingredients are average.  the service is acceptable, but you know nobody really cares.  the decor is cool at first glance, but it lacks depth and character.all of the pei wei pieces are right, but when you put it all together you still end up with an impersonal chain restaurant that's nothing more than a series of business decisions, by committee.ok.  with that said...if you've never been to pei wei, you should probably give it a try.  i'm no fan of chains, but these guys pull it off much better than most other cookie-cutter eateries. you'll probably enjoy at least your first 1/2 dozen or so experiences. the lettuce wraps, spicy korean, and blazing noodles used to be favorites of mine.so there's another reason why i picked this location to review...it's also right next to Tott's, which is everything i imagine pei wei would be if it wasn't a huge corporation, was run by a hand-picked staff, and was paying someone's mortgage.  it's an excellent example of why privately owned, mom and pop, and smaller, can be so much better.  just try the bourbon chicken there and see if you ever go back to pei wei...
4	Not to sure why the other reviews weren't as good, but I like Pei Wei. Yes, this is the same (for the most part) as PF Chang's (same owner) but it's fast food and quicker. It's also a scaled down menu, too. I like that it's close to my house, so I can just pull up and head in the delivery door. I don't typically eat inside, but I've been to several Pei Wei's in the valley and this one is good.
1	I can't understand why anyone would eat here.  I've been there 3 times and simply put this place is awful.  The potstickers are tasteless, but that is better than any of the noodle dishes.  Those noddles taste as if they were made from wallpaper glue.   Totts Asian diner is right there and sooooo much better.  Yuphia thai is down the street as well.  Both are much better choices.
3	This place gets so much hype and so many people always suggest it for meals, but after hearing awful stories about roaches and hair I was reluctant to go back. Thankfully, my meal was insect and hair free, but there was absolutely nothing memorable about it. I had the crab won-tons which were virtually tasteless.. My Pad Thai the same, I had to load it up with lime and rooster sauce for there to be anything to wrap my tongue around. However, my friend had the Mandarin Kung Pao, and it was yummy. I ate more of that than my own meal. To me it is just quick chain food that I could easily buy in a frozen package and throw in my wok for about half the price. One thing I will say is that their staff is eerily friendly, and I don't know if it was my extremely enormous Asian inspired tattoo that they were mesmerized by, but I was asked how I was doing at least 10 times, by several different dining room attendants.. Ill give them that, and their orange tea.. I could drink that for days.
2	On a whim, me and my wife decided to try out Pei Wei and for me it was one of the worst experiences I have had food wise at this chain. The food was less than mediocre. My meal (Honey Seared Chicken) was lukewarm and it tasted as if it had been sitting under a heating lamp for some time. The food itself lacked flavor all around. Save yourself some money and go to Tott's Asian Diner across the parking lot for much better food and better prices.
4	Great food, & friendly service. I've tried several of their dishes, but prefer the lo-mein category; the children's lo-mein is actually quite good. Not sure why pei wei gets negative ratings, but I enjoy this place as much as I do Tott's Asian Diner. Both are great places to eat at. It'd be nice if pei wei had listed open/closed hours though.
4	Pei Wei is like a fast-food version of PF Changs (same owner/recipes). There is something that is a MUST for anybody trying Pei Wei for the first time: Lettuce Wraps.Absolutely worth the trip alone. I normally get this for myself as my entree, and my fiance likes the Honey Chicken. Both are excellent. I've also tried the Pad Thai, and it was just 'ok'. The dumplings were above average, but as stated, the thing to get is the Lettuce Wraps.For a chain, its pretty good. The food has always been hot and fresh and flavors are great. I LOVE their Ice Tea as well. Service is always fast and courteous.
4	I'm not sure why everyone is so put out by Pei Wei, it's a fast yummy take out when you want to watch a movie at home or in a hurry. The cashier was super nice and when she overheard my boyfriend and I debating rice(since he doesnt like the brown) she offered to give us a side of brown on the house! We had the Carmel Chicken which was pretty amazing for a quick Asian place. We've also tried the mandrian Kung Pao and the Thai coconut Curry, both satisfied :) The only complaint is the tofu has a strange taste. If you're looking for a nice Asian meal go to P.F. Chang's but this is the same quality food for half the price!
4	Okay, so I might be a total weirdo, but I wake up craving Pei Wei's fried rice some days.  There is very little I enjoy more than waking up hungry at 10 AM on one of my days off, logging on to Pei Wei's website, and ordering fried rice just the way I like it without having to explain it to anyone and risk them writing it down wrong.  I'm antisocial, so what?  Then, I know that when they open at 11 AM they will have my very special order of fried rice hot and ready waiting for me.  The portions are huge, so a $6-$7 order of fried rice can last me up to four meals, which is an awesome [if not exactly healthy] deal.  I don't really like much of their other food that I've tried.  There's some sort of curry dish that was nice, but I'm sticking to my fried rice with extra egg...  yum.
3	I really like Pei Wei.  But you have to understand what it is.  It is a chain.  It is not quite fast food, but not quite a restaurant.  It is rarely great, but almost never bad.  It's consistent, like most chains are.The crab wontons are tasty, and I love the sweet chili sauce that they come with.  Mongolian Beef, Honey Seared Shrimp are a couple of our go-tos.There are much better Chinese/Asian restaurants in the world.  There are also quite a few worse.  Like I said, it is consistent and reliable - and sometimes that's all I need.  I rarely crave Pei Wei specifically, but I would never turn it down.
3	not bad. i like that you can order online and set up the time you want to pick up your food. i had the thai coconut curry and pot stickers. the food was good. obviously its not the most authentic but do you really expect authentic at a place like this? not really. all in all i'm a fan. i'll be back.
2	I've been here a countless amount of times. I had been wanting Pei Wei for about two weeks. Finally decidedTo go and get lettuce wraps and one spring roll. Quick as always but wraps just didn't taste right. They had an "aftertaste" not a good one either. Spring roll was okay. Could taste the go ginger and the seaweed was too chewy. Very disappointed and am in no hurry to run back.
2	totts asian diner in the same complex kicks their ass any day of the week. i think i'm just not a pei wei person. it's like PF Chang's sister....on welfare.
4	There's some Pei Wei hating going on here, but I think I like their food better than PF Chang's. It's definitely less salty if nothing else! I got the lettuce chicken wraps, the PW Spicy chicken and the beef green curry with brown rice. Everything was good---just like you would get at an above average chain restaurant. I got the take out, and the hostess was really polite--she took the time to ask if I wanted condiments or utensils. I am mentioning that because it happened to be 31st Dec night, and the place was pretty packed. I actually quite liked the beef green curry! Think I'll add this place to my list of go-to restaurants for when I am craving Chinese fast food, and don't want to shell out $$ for PF Chang-like fare.
3	The BF picked up Pei Wei for dinner tonight (I have a cold and he wanted to get me some soup :-) ). We also have a bunch of gift cards to pf changs, which neither of us really likes so much, so we used one here. So we ordered online, which is a neat feature. I like how when you order online it allows you to pick and choose what ingredients you don't want and extras you might want. So anyway, when the BF got to the restaurant he paid and then was told it would just be a minute. He waited ten minutes and then asked how long it would be. The person working there said that our food was sitting on the counter, they were just waiting for the soup. So that was pretty bad, all the food was just sitting out for 15 minutes, the BF asked for them to remake the food and was given attitude. Eventually, they did remake the food. If they knew they didn't have soup, why would they box up all the rest of the food? It doesn't make sense. As for the taste of the food, it was mediocre. We got a couple potstickers, wonton soup, orange chicken, and dandan noodles. The potstickers are weird, less noodle, more like fried bread around the meat. Not so good. The wonton soup was pretty good, definitely the best thing we ordered. The orange chicken was alright and so were the dandan noodles. Everything was really salty... the pf chang way I guess. SO I would have to say that if i was going to eat pf changs, this is a nice, cheaper option, and the food is close to the same.
3	I love Pei Wei. The food is delicious. The service is usually super fast. Only problem we had today was a stray piece of chicken in my vegetarian daughter's lunch... Oh oh!Overall they have a lot of tasty options for carnivores and veg-heads alike. And you can order any of their menu options with vegetables and tofu, and I have to say, the way they prepare tofu is my favorite!For relatively "fast" food, Pei Wei is an excellent option for delicious and healthy dining out.
1	This is terrible food. I've had some not so great Chinese food before, but this place is by far the worst. It doesn't help to call it "asian" to avoid authenticity complaints. It's just bad. The beef must have been soaking in soy sauce for a week. I love salty food, but I developed hypertension after eating here. The sweet sauce in the "General Chi" style (whatever that is) was entirely too sweet to pass for anything. The beef was very tough and completely overcooked. The Orange chicken was the only mildly redeeming dish because I could eat more than a few bites without being overwhelmed with salt or sugar. I don't mean to overstated this: it was the worst meal I've had in Phoenix.
3	this was my first visit to pei wei and i enjoyed it but felt it was just ok. i had the japanese chili ramen with tofu and a veggie spring roll. the spring roll was fairly bland and greasy. the ramen was good and i've got leftovers for tomorrow. honestly, i'd rather go to yc's if i want bbq but i'll probably try it again and actually get a meat dish
1	If you are gluten free, BEWARE!  Do not be fooled by the gluten free menu.  There have been a number of gluten free diners who have gotten ill after eating here, and at least two (that I know of) who believe they have been served gluten after ordering gluten free.  If a restaurant is going to offer a gluten free menu, then they need to ensure that their staff is trained.  They need to show clear evidence of cross contamination procedures.  Our family used to eat here regularly and we finally gave up.  It wasn't safe for us.   We now eat at Tott's, which doesn't have a gf menu, but has been very accommodating.
3	OK. First off, let me just say that I love Pei Wei. It is a great concept, and it's a great chain. In general, you can get good quality, fresh, tasty food at Pei Wei.Now. About this PARTICULAR Pei Wei. They closed down for a while because Sheriff Joe decided that there were too many illegals working here.I came one day for lunch and BAM! Gone. It took them more than a month to get open again, which I suppose means finding non-illegals who can use a wok and a cash register.I say: bring back the illegals.At the new, All-American Pei Wei, the girl running the register seemed non-plussed to be receiving cash. She stared at it for quite a while, and then commenced to guess how much money she should give us in return. She got it right on the third try. Yay, Arizona schools!As for the meal. Apparently, legal Amurricans don't get kung pao, because mine was like a salt lick. Now, I loves me some salt, but seriously. Two deer came by my table and started licking my plate.I was like: get, deer! Get!. It's sad, because this is the closest Pei Wei to where we live, and I like close. But the one down in Chandler near Priest and the I-10 is about a million times better at this point. Also, they have a computerized soda machine, which sweetens the deal. Did you know they have like eight varieties of Fanta? Me neither.
4	Pei Wei = PF Changs - $10. Basically, if you like Changs, you will like Pei Wei. I am personally a huge fan and have never been disappointed over my many visits. Highly recommended.
4	I really like pei wei, even if they do have teeny-boppers manning the registers that overuse "like" and "um, ok".  I usually get the edamame and salad rolls, this is branching out for me.  my old favorite was the pad thai, no tofu, extra beef, extra spicy; with a side of crab puffs.  i am also a HUGE fan of their hot mustard.service is usually expedient. it's not a big restaurant and can get a bit crowded.
4	Dan Dan Noodles. I can't get past that on the menu. It's a must have. Chile seared soy sauce, minced chicken, scallions, garlic, bean sprouts, cucumbers, egg noodles...good. Great take out or dine in. I know it's a chain, but a good restaurant feel. Self serve fortune cookies....how many have you taken?
5	Sometimes food is consistently excellent.  Sometimes a chain can keep food exciting and fresh.  Pei Wei does just that.  On a recent trip, I ordered their sweet potato fries and they were the best fast food sweet potato fries to date and came with a tangy dipping sauce.   The ambiance at each location I have visited is relaxed and upscale, with dark tones and furnishings.  But it's the food that I come back for.  Their large, inexpensive portions will make you a fan.  The lettuce wraps are on par with those of PF Chang's and their spring rolls and crab wantons are slightly above average.  It's their entrees and salads that are standouts.  Their Pad Thai Chicken or Shrimp meals are flavorful and just as tasty reheated because you'll probably take half of it home.  If you're a lettuce head, the Spicy Chicken Salad is fantastic (it's my second favorite salad next to the Ruby Trout Salad at Z Tejas) and you can kick up the heat meter by adding the chili sauce and hot mustard.  I live by another excellent Asian Diner, Tott's, but I find it hard to decide which of these 2 great places to eat at when I want great food fast.**Tip**Sign up for their email club and become a fan on Facebook.  They send out discount coupons periodically.
3	Good and consistent for a chain. Never can go wrong with the food.
5	I have come in here several times. Every time i like it. The portions are huge and this last time i was here my girlfriend taught me how to use chopstcks. Now i am really good. I am a fast learner!! Hehe                   Anyway, many good meals ,all freshly prepared. Nice and clean, and the bathrooms. Very relaxed in here, but really good quaility food. Tons of parking in the lot..Always very quick service as well.
5	Came here again last night for an order to go. We called on the phone but, you can also do your order on line. Our order was ready as promised when were arrived. They are open till 9:30 even on a Sunday which is great!    Salads were great, the Crab Wontons are the best i have ever had anywhere. We will be back.
5	I have been here a few times and i really like it!  The place is very clean, including the bathrooms.  Many different choices and always very good. They really do have the beast crab won tons i have ever had.                     A lot of places just put fillers and a lot of won ton. But these are full of crab and very good.  Really good hot tea as well. Very inexpensive place to go. Lots of parking in the lot.
4	I am a regular at Pei Wei, and I get the same thing every time. I don't care for chicken, so I get a side of the lo mein noodles with lo mein sauce without chicken. It costs a whopping $1.95 and totally fills me up! I also love their edamame and crab wontons. Sooo yummy! First you order your food at the front, and then choose a seat and your food comes out in no time. I love that even though this isn't your standard sit down restaurant with a waiter, it is still classy and the staff takes care of you well. Don't forget to leave a couple bucks behind, especially if you made a mess, since their staff comes and cleans your table. Great food for a great price. I am thinking I want some Pei Wei for dinner tonight.
4	I had resisted going here many times, but eventually made it the other day & was surprised at how good it was! the combo deals are the best, cheap and way too filling even if u r on empty stomaxh( not sure if it's gotta do anything with the stuff they put in the food, but it's sumptuous,) so an entire plate/entree might b too much! I had spicy pei Wei & it was fab! But try not gettin the tofu here though, it's thin slices & kinda weird, not my style! Havta try chicken & other flavors next time! Fried rice is pretty good
4	Great fresh made to order food. Nothing prepared in advance.  Dow side is it is somewhat corporate sterile environment and a little over priced for chinese food eith smallish portions. But it is good.
5	Three words: Thai Chicken Dynamite!!!!Two more words: extra limes.One last word: divine!I could probably eat here three times a week and still not feel like I'm getting enough. I used to love going to P.F. Changs, but Pei Wei is so much more convenient and affordable. I don't care that it's not "authentic" (I've had enough "authentic" food in my life to know that it's not my favorite) I love it. Be sure to grab a dozen fortune cookies for the road.
2	First of all I would like to say Pei-Wei is a good chain if you compare to the quality of other places of it's kind.I walked in for lunch, and was surprised that they had brown rice. So I thought I could get a healthy meal, but I was wrong...I talked to the worker at the front for 5 min, and asked her if there is a healthy (no oily/greasy) style way of making the dish. Unfortunately, we established that there was no way to do this.  Why have the brown rice option if you can't order the dish itself in a healthy way?   I ordered the Pei Wei style chicken, and I waited for the food to come. 15 min later I finally got it. Keep in mind there was no one behind in line, and one person ordering from the "take out" line. I watched  the whole process go down. The main chef put my plate down on the counter in the kitchen, and the "salad chef" was supposed to garnish it with a simple rosemary/parsley addition. That hand off took an extra 7 minutes.... It seemed to me that there was arguing,  and disorderly production behind the counter.My other complaint would be that the dinner portion which not that large is kinda of pricey.  The plate looks huge when it comes out of the kitchen, but  the Plate comes with 75% rice, and 25% meat so don't be fooled.   Why would you want to eat that kind of protein/carb ratio?  I cannot order the lunch plate because it would not come with enough meat.
2	Pei Wei No WayThe price is cheaper than P.F Chang for sure.But the amount is so small, just enough for my Yorkie.The meat is dry; no sauce. Hot & Sour soup is more like Hot & Salty soup. Because I've never been to other Pei Wei,this 2 stars rating is only for Guadapupe location Diner Select dishes.the price range for their Dinner Select is $6.25 to $7, you can get same price & better taste even at many other Chinese Buffet,like Hunan 8 in Mesa (Gilber/60),lunch & dinner same price exclude Sunday, or Yummy Buffet in Chandler for lunch (Alma/Walner).or Lin's buffet, $8 lunch, you can get salmon; deep fry shrimp.I do agree it is cleaner & not as noisy as most of Asian restaurant.
4	Spicey Pei WeiBy The RueI had Pei Wei for lunch today,It wasn't the best dish,Next time I think I'll say,I prefer somewhere with fish.I got the spicey chicken Pei Wei plate,With brown rice, not white,After ordering it wasn't a long wait,I drank Mello Yellow not Sprite.The menu said this dish was spicey,But I had to disagree,I added hot mustard to entice me,Oh such a calamity. Bok chow (The End)
3	I only gave thus pei Wei 3 stars because the food was good and they have the cool soda fountains.  The customer service was atrocious. The girl who took our order up front barely made eye contact and was eager to end our transaction...even though no one was behind us. Then the girl who ran our food out asked if we order 6 pot stickers. We did. She placed our plate down, and there were FIVE! She just asked if we ordered 6. When she passed back through we told her we only got five and she brought the other one out. I mean it's not a huge deal. People get busy. Accidents happen. I was just annoyed that she seemed like she couldn't be bothered to get our missing item. Ughhh. This place. Worst customer service I wish TOTT's would have prevailed in this plaza and not a corporate monster.
4	The food seems to have improved to me lately.  Had the Japanese Teriyaki noodles with veggies and tofu.  Couldn't finish it all and it was yummy.Thrilled that they have a gluten free menu.The kids menu is inexpensive and good portions.  Next time my two youngest will share.My kids were in love with the soda dispenser.  Top all that off with free wi-fi from paradise bakery next door and We'll be back!
4	Always good.  Dan Dan noodles a spicy favorite.
4	The best fast-food style pan-asian cuisine in town. But the quality is really fresh. Everything is fried/cooked made to order so you do have to wait but dishes are piping hot!!You order at the front and they give you a number that you take to your table. Most dishes for lunch average around $8.00My favorite dish is the Mongolian dish (options of beef, chicken, shrimp or tofu). They have a new soda pop machine that is really HIGH-tech! The orange-citrus tea isn't so great. But they have fortune cookies in the middle of the condiments corner that aren't stale!!
4	I love the spicy Korean here ! I am a regular here...
4	I ordered spicy Korean with veg's & tofu today. Pretty good although I didn't catch the "signature dish " as it say. I found few slices of mushrooms. I think this sauce is match with the mushrooms. The service is fast!!
3	The baby of P. F. Changs, Pei Wei offers pan Asian fast food.   The dishes offer more vegetables than the neighborhood Chinese joints.  You can make it as spicy as you want with the pan Asian condiments of spicy mustard and spicy red sauce.  Our location now includes the multi-flavor soda machine where you can not only get coke, but also cherry coke, coke vanilla, and cherry vanilla coke.  It's fast.  It's not particularly healthy.  It's Asian.  It's kid friendly.  It's East of Usual and located in Tempe on East Guadalupe Road.  It was open between 3 PM and 5 PM when nothing else was.  It is what it is.
1	The hot and sour soup was just plain awful.  The soup was cold, and the base tasted like burnt mushrooms.  The dan dan noodles are without a doubt one of the worst things I've ever eaten -- mushy noodles with a sauce sweet enough for pancakes.  Never again.  This place sucks!
3	Pei Wei is Pei Wei. You love it or you don't. I think their food is pretty decent and they appeal to the masses, even people who are not fans of Asian food seem happy here. Its just good reasonably priced takeout. The Ahwatukee location is actually closer to home but this one is more on my way home so I am happy I finally tried to give it a try. They were super quick with my order, got everything right and very friendly.
5	I know I have reviewed this location before. However, I do really like it. So here is another one. It seems that they have fully redone all their Staff. OK that is why they were closed for awhile. Anyway, we got a great coupon for and entree. So I called in the order for pick up. When I got there I added on the Crab Puffs. We have always really liked them here, they sure seem like they have real crab in them. So there you go.This time around we ordered Kung Pao chicken which was very good, with lovely crisp snow peas. As well as Sweet and Sour Chicken several sauses on the side.It was hot and fresh. Very good as always.We were extra Greatful for the coupon as well.Everything is still nice and clean inside. But, I took it to go.
1	I only came here because my coworkers wanted to come. The food is flavorless, yet spicy. And although I love spicy foods, I hate that they use it to attempt to hide the fact that the food is so bland.
4	Always good, always fresh. great food at great prices. what else can I say
2	Apparently for some the soda machine makes this place.What can I say, somedays our experience here is better than other days.
4	The dishes always come out quick and they are always prepared well. Dishes can easily be adjusted to your liking as well. Never like hunting for tables during busy lunch times, but that happens at just about any good lunch spot, so no real complaint. Having a super Coke machines is nice addition as well. How else can you get a diet cherry Fanta?
4	The best part about Pei Wei is knowing that everything is absolutely fresh. Veggies are crisp and light, meat is juicy and cooked to order, and rice is cooked well in industrial rice cookers throughout the day and night. All flavors are elevated due to freshness. Doesn't get much better! I will agree with the bit about inconsistency; I do think this has to do with nothing being pre-cooked, and find the inconsistency to fall on deaf ears since the cuisine is so well though out.
5	Good food, fair prices and fast service. What more could you ask for? If, you never tried  Pei Wei yet,your missing out, four shore. You gotta go, try them hurry. Better then rip off- Pf chang's. There o.k, But at Pei Wei same stuff, but better and reasonably priced. And you don't have to tip a waiter,because there isn't one.....
2	Long grain white rice?  Really?!  Why even bother then providing chopsticks?  The food was average, if you don't take into consideration the rice... the non-sticky, slightly undercooked, flavorless rice.  I had the Thai Dynamite with chicken.  It was okay, but again, the  rice takes everything away from the dish.  I should have opted for Panda Express across the street.  Lesson learned.
4	Went for lunch today. I ordered the Asian chopped chicken salad. First time ordering a salad at Pei Wei.  I was impressed by the size of the salad as well as the nice amount of chicken in it. The greens were fresh and crisp. I loved the crispy wontons on top!  The only thing that I didn't like was the saltiness of the dressing and the fact that the salad was literally swimming in a pool of dressing in the bottom of the bowl. Next time I order, I'll be sure to ask for less dressing or see if I can dress it myself. Clean restaurant. Friendly and efficient ordering process. Second time I've been there in less than a week.  Nom nom!
1	I go to this cookie cutter pseudo Chinese/Asian place purely because of the convenience. I sometimes just don't have the time and need something quickly, so I generally like the online order ability.  But come on, placing an order at 7 pm, showing up and paying for it, and not having it ready until 7:45?  I mean WTF is that?
2	Been there several times,always for take out.  It's ok, but have had better at other places including other Pei Wei's.  The last straw was when they didn't put lettuce in our take out order for the wraps. Not driving back 4 miles for friggin lettuce. I called and the young lady was very apologetic, and offered to send me a coupon if I would give my address, which I did.  Several weeks later, no coupon. Oh well I'm only one customer they've lost.
1	I would like to give a 0 star;(  third time I have gotten home and my order is wrong.  As I waited for my order I observed another customer complaining  about a messed up order. My food was wrong my husband's was right but tasted like kerosine or like a burning chemical taste??? So over it now!!
2	After driving around for awhile to find a place to eat without a wait, I ended up at pei Wei with James C.  I discovered that they revamped the menu entirely. Now you pick a protein and a sauce. No more combos :(I decided to have chicken with spicy Korean sauce and brown rice. We also shared an order of lettuce wraps. Lettuce wraps were as expected. My dish came out and it didn't look like what I expected, but I was hopeful and waited until James got his to dig in. I took a bite of the chicken and whatever flavoring was nonexistent. It was not spicy and really had no taste. I added some soy sauce to the brown rice and for brown rice, it didn't taste good either. I ended up taking just a few bites and leaving the rest. I will reluctantly give them a second chance since I did try something new, but I really wouldn't recommend what I got to anyone.
1	Been here many times before but its been awhile. Decided to go tonight and literally expected G. Ramsey to walk out at any moment and shut the place down. Seriously, it was complete chaos. They changed the menu. The guy taking the order kept walking off to check things. There was no ice or clean silver wear. The appetizer came out and was only warm and wasn't as good as usual. You could hear and see customers complaining and getting refunds all over the place. The staff all seemed confused. My entree finally came out, also not hot, but my girlfriends didn't show up for another 10 minutes.  All during this they kept going to the wrong tables with food and looking confused.  It was crazy, finally gave up, got a refund from the manager and went next door for dinner.  I won't be returning here again.
2	Pei Wei is normally delicious. But for some reason this location messes up our order EVERY TIME. They even messed up our replacement order. The manager (if you can get through to him) is great and takes care of us, but having to call and talk to the manager every time you done out is annoying. Just get it right!
2	Another mediocre service experience. We eat here a lot and the service during our last several visits has not been so great. My husband orders the Asian slaw and he always has to ask our server to get it when our food comes. Food always comes many minutes apart so one of us has to wait so we can eat together.Today was my friend's birthday and we ordered lettuce wraps and 2 entrees. Entrees came first (with the wrong rice on one) and lettuce wraps after the entrees. When I mentioned we might have liked our appetizers first, I got a who- cares look from the server. Might not be going back to this location after this.
4	I have to say I am IMPRESSED with Pei Wei's bosses! I always order the same thing mostly which always includes lettuce wraps and believe it or not THREE TIMES they forgot the lettuce!! I called immediately 2 times and they offered my money back or send me a gift card but I didn't take it...just wanted them to know. Last week ONCE AGAIN NO LETTUCE!! (my son picked up my order). This time they also had scallions in my chicken. Since I order online with favorite I KNOW it is ordered right. I took the time and wrote Pei Wei Corporate and they actually sent me 2 coupons for free wraps and a ten dollar gift card!!!! I was SHOCKED!! I didn't ask for anything except to please change way take out is put together and lettuce IS IMPORTANT for wraps! :) .... mostly so maybe it wouldn't happen again to me! LOL! I know if it happened 3 times to me, I had to happen to someone else as well! Just wanted to share that Pei Wei Inc. did take the time to listen and send me a nice personalized letter stating this is a learning opportunity for their staff which is what I really wanted! Free wraps... A BONUS! :)  I just ordered from them today and everything was PERFECT!! I will keep enjoying their food and enjoy knowing maybe someone out there got their lettuce because of me!! LOL!! :) YUMMY!!!!
4	Asian food so fresh you can hear it meow.  The soy beans are pretty good as well. They have non-Midwestern cashew kitty that is not bad too.
4	Consistently good food, friendly staff and very clean. Food is usually served quickly and I like sitting at the chef's counter to watch them cook everything. Kung pau chicken and Mingolion been with fried or brown rice are great. New options are added occasionally. Good for dine in or takeout.
3	First time eating here because the rating on the prices were said to be different than Panda Express. They seem to be about the same price when you order your drink and additional sides. It may be a bit more. My interaction with the cashier was very pleasant. She was very helpful helping me decide on what to order. I was on a budget trying to decide what to get and I'm surprised she did not give me any attitude with the remarks I made about the constant changes I made trying to deal with my price range.The service seemed to be okay. The manager seemed to be bringing everyone there meals. I had a question about the types of chili to have with my meal so I see one of the guys in the black uniforms who I noticed delivered some of the food out to the guests.I look over at him and he notices me staring. I was hoping he would come up to me and help me out with finding some siracha because with Pei Wei being an asian restaurant I was hoping they would have some. He then turns away from me so I have to walk all the way to the counter to ask him if they had any. He answers my question very rudely and turned away.It made me feel pretty stupid asking a question like that but then again it made me quite angry. I walked away and did nothing about it. Every person interacting with a guest should be willing to help them out with any questions they have. If it weren't for the helpful cashier I would have given a one star rating.Food was actually really good as well.
2	I have never had problems with any other location except this one. Not only was our food cold but completely gross. We ordered it extra spicy and extra sauce. Both our meals were dry. I'm a vegetarian so I ordered mine with tofu. There were about 5 peices in there. And they put broccoli in which I asked them not to. We ordered a large side of edamame and it wasn't even half full and most of the pods were empty!! This is not a cheap place to eat at and I expected so much better. I did not take it back because my bf is sweet and didn't want to complain. Needless to say I am very disappointed and will not return to this location ever as this is the second time it has happened.
4	Food here is always good. Pad Thai with tofu and veggies is the way to go! I like that you can modify food items due to allergies ect!
1	Bad service. I ordered orange chicken n it looked as if i ordered white rice as the main entree. Totally skimped me on my meal. Not worth the price.
4	Pei wei spicy is my go to meal.  I sometimes order it stock velveted (steamed)  not sure why but the spicy mustard is no longer self serve.  The service is usally pretty good.
1	I usually love their food but tried the new sushi with mango today and it was one of the worst things I have ever eaten. The quality of the roll was less than something you would expect to get at a convenience store. The mango was almost non-existent and the small piece that I did find was so unripe, it was inedible.  The worst part is that the server that came to our table to remove our plates asked if there was anything wrong with the sushi. I told him it was really terrible and he gave a knowing smile and said that they knew it was bad and that it had not been working out the way they had hoped.  That made me so mad because they know it is bad but they are still selling it to their loyal customers.  Shame on you, Pei Wei.  They are also misleading on their online menu. It says in the description that the rolls are made to order, but I tried to get them without cucumber and was told that I couldn't get it that way because they were pre-made.  Another slap in the face from Pei Wei.
1	Co-workers and I decided to order take-out from Pei Wei for dinner, last Friday night. This location seemed like it would be the closest to work, but still ended up being quite a drive. With the construction going on near ASU, it took us nearly an hour to get there and back.When I went to eat my food, was rather amazed to find a staple lying on top of my rice underneath the lid! Also found what appeared to be some facial hair in our chicken lettuce wraps as did my manager in his entree. Aside from all that, the food seemed subpar to the many other Pei Wei locations I have visited. Tossed the food and didn't even bother to call and complain.Definitely will not be going back.
3	The food is good, but if you're in a hurry and want to order take-out, don't come here.  Even on nights when there is hardly any one in the place, the service is extremely slow.   The prices are too high for a take-out diner too.  The only saving grace is that if I order the "large" portion, I can get two meals out of it.
5	Time to Yelp a great meal at a national chain. Orange Peel beef came out perfect and staff was friendly and helpful. Manager was a young guy with dark hair and had the staff hopping. Good quick meal.
2	This evening I came for pick up.  Decided a glass of wine and an appetizer to share before we would head home with dinner would be nice.Apparently something went wrong in the kitchen cuz after about 20 minutes our appetizer was handed to us in the To Go container and the rest of our food order maybe five minutes to completion.  I opted to leave them packed and just take home with the entire meal.  Manager was quick to remedy the situation by breezing by and dropping off a couple of appetizers cards to apologize for the mishap.  He really was apologetic and it was obvious he had the best intentions. They also offered a comp'd Lettuce Wraps for us to dine on while they finished our order but since that was my husbands meal I declined the generous offer and said no thank you.Mgr did tell me our appetizer was redone and offered them to us again but I figured that since our meal was done I should just take it home so the family gets fed.  Was super delighted to get home and learn my husbands chicken portion of his ck wraps was not what it was supposed to be.Ck chunks, bits of corn, and I don't know what else.So he basically didn't eat Pei Wei tonight and decided or get himself a burger....
