4	As you may know, Vietnam was colonized by the French for many, many long years, so it has a French influence (like in the french bread Vietnamese sandwiches made famous by Lee's Sandwiches, which are franchised everywhere). So here in Montreal, it is only natural to find many Vietnamese restaurants, just like in France. Nhu Y restaurant is known for its Chef, who was trained in French cooking schools in Vietnam. The 2 dishes this restaurant is famous for according to the local Vietnamese diaspora is Canh Chua Ca Bong Lau, or sweet and sour Catfish Soup, which has a great mix of flavors. And the other is their signature appetizer, Chicken Wings, marinated in Nuoc Mam (fish sauce) and crisped up for a great combination of texture and flavor. Tres Delicieux!
5	Simply put, this was the best Vietnamese dinning experience I have ever had after having lived in New York and Montreal for nearly ten years each.  Almost all their dishes are served with a generous portion of herbs (vietnamese spicy mint, purple perilla, vietnamese balm, coriander, etc), adding a refreshing aroma to their culinary wonder.  Extremely satiating and budget friendly.
4	Vietnamese food of very high quality.  Strong flavors and generous portions of sprouts and greens.  Attentive hostess/cook.  Not on the level of the South Vietnamese empire in northern Virginia, but to be thought of and mentioned in that context is compliment enough.I am confused as to why Loi 101 does not mandate the translation of "Nhu Y" into French.  Mostly because I enjoy "Cafe Starbucks Coffee," "Poulet Frit Kentucky," "L'Usine de Spaghetti" and "Bureau en Gros" so damn much.
5	I've been to this place a couple times and I've constantly been blown away. It's a bit small and unassuming, but this restaurant is big where it counts.The freshness of the ingredients really shines and the prices are great.I recommend you try one of the "specialty" items for everyone in your group and ask them to serve them to you back-to-back so you can share. They'll bring you one item at a time until you finish it, at which point another even more delicious dish will be brought out! This way you can try more food, enjoy more flavour and it's a great sharing experience. I'd also recommend having some papaya salad and spring roll to whet your appetite before your feast.I love this place!
4	Really Excellent food, with an authentic feel. I've had Vietnamese food in many locations in Montreal (and other cities) and this one ranks high for service, and overall food quality. Looking forward to trying something new on their menu on a future visit !
4	Amazing and authentic Vietnamese food, some dishes were as good as what I had in Vietnam. Not westernized and they don't cut corners. The Banh Xeo and Bun Cha are both must eats. I didn't get a chance to try their Bun Bo, but plan to next time I'm here.
