1	bleh. i hate this place with a passion and avoid like the plague. i'm happy to pay marginally higher prices elsewhere to not have to set foot in this place. this particular location is slightly better than most i've seen, hence the 1 star but that's all it has going for it.
4	When I lived in the central-city, the nearest Wal-Mart was the infamous 38th St/Thomas location.  It was a 24hr circus in there, and I avoided it at all costs.As Wal-Marts go, this is one of the better locations.   The staff is friendly, the store is clean and uncluttered.  There are no crazy people as of late, and the shopping experience here is generally pleasant.
3	Walmart needs to have a bigger grocery area!
4	Ahh... Wally World. This location isn't bad at all.  Sometimes there are some hoodlums, but they are those "fake" yuppie hoodlums that probably cause more trouble than the real ones.Overall, it's Walmart.  What do you expect??
4	As WalMarts go this one is better than average.
2	I HATE WAL-MART! but its cheap so lets shut the government down because they feed on us weak money savers :(  I hope the IRS stays open btw, waiting on my return...
3	what can I say.... it's wallie word.... enough said. great for people watching!
1	I'm writing this review mainly for the McDonald's inside (since it's a given any Walmart is one star). This is easily the worst run McDonald's I have ever had the displeasure of going to. Whether it's stale over cooked food or making you wait an eternity to get your food, it sucks every time without fail.  This location is the closest to my home, so once in a while I get sucked in to try one of the Extra Value Meals.  They have gotten me for the last time. I refuse to eat here ever again.  Eh, I'll be better off anyway.Also, Walmart's produce is the worst since it is awful organic produce.  Waste of money for an inferior product.
1	I hate you wal mart.Your employees are an elusive bunch.  They leave me wondering if there are secret employee only portals that they dash into just as I spot them to ask a question.Your cashiers break my eggs in my favorite yelp reusable shopping bag and cant identify a single vegetable.   Its a cucumber!  I'd understand you befuddlement if it were a kumquat or starfruit, buts its a cucumber.And about that produce, did you work out a deal with Fry's to pick up their stuff just before it turns?  By the time I get it to my fridge it is a soggy sad picture of its former leafy self.  And for Christ's sake why can I NEVER get EVERYTHING on my list?  I am making beef stew, not stocking the basket for the next episode of chopped.  My husband thinks you are more convenient, because he can pick up the latest as seen on TV gadget, socks, little Debbie's snacks, and motor oil all in one stop, but since we ALWAYS have to go to another store he's wrong.  This is a fundamental disagreement in our relationship, one that I blame on his mother, and every time I leave your store I feel like my husband and I are one step closer to divorce.You consistently provide me with nothing more that a headache and a sad sad picture of my fellow man.  And brown lettuce.I hate you.
4	It's a super Walmart.  I like it.  I like the self checkout.  The customer service is kind of slow most of the time. It's like they don't want to be there and move like turtles oftentimes.  They need to realize people are happier when they work faster (or at least look like they are working fast).Also, a lot of times the employees don't know enough and have to leave the desk to ask managers questions.  Lack of training?  Lack of knowledge retention?  It's something.Fresh rotisserie chicken there. Cheaper than the grocery store and I don't have to hope for a sale.Online order pickups is sometimes slow and unattended in the back.  But eventually someone comes and gets my item.
4	I love this walmart, the only reason it's not 5 star for me is because it's really hard to maneuver with 12 week old twins and they don't stock very much of the formula I use. So i end up going to an additional grocery store to get what I need. and by not stocking much, I mean even if I only had one baby. I use similac neosure because my babies were born prematurely. They typically don't have more than a few cans... The staff is nice and clean, and so are the people shopping here. It's very clean and always busy. I make the drive from the moon valley area so you know thay're doing something right!
2	Every time I enter a Walmart I die a little inside. My main complaint is with the optical department. I was there waiting for an Rx to be filled, decided to browse the glasses and the 23 year old that probably lives in his mothers basement offered to tighten up my glasses (that I was wearing). Really, he brought it up, then when asked said it was going to be free. All he did was take them into the back room, they did stay up better....but then, literally less than 5 minutes later said it would be $5.00. Long story short I choose to pay since I feared security was going to hassle me on the way out. Additionally I do not see why people say Walmart is so cheap. Really, occasionally I find good bargains but I can find prices just as good in many other stores.
4	Hard to find a WalMart that is constantly clean and well stocked. This is one of them. I think alot has to do with the neighborhood it is in. Norterra area is really not the "hood" - so I think it lends itself to the clientele. Don't expect to find the "people of WalMart" type here.Let's face it, WalMart saves us money - and allows for instant gratification for our shopping needs. I could spend hours in a Super WalMart, as every turn will remind me of something I need or have wanted. Batteries, Games, TV's, Clothing, Flip Flops, Groceries, Plants, Rope, etc.LOST STAR = Stay away from the produce - I think this is true at any Walmart. Unless you are using it that evening, it just isn't "fresh". The meat is also borderline, we get ours from a local competitor grocery store.
1	Never buy tires here I have been through 6 defective ones and all were found by a third party to be out of balance every time.  I will say the Manager was very helpful but it is still outrageous.
1	Lines are still very long and slow here even after 9pm. Shelves are not stocked, and the water I buy is never on shelf.
5	...I like Wal-Mart and I don't care what that says about me - and with that being noted, this is a really nice Wal-Mart with an extensive selection, self checkout, and huge local produce selection.  For the limited things I need from a store LIKE Wal-Mart, this one has them all in plethora.  However long I remain in Phoenix this will be my most frequently visited store, no doubt.
4	This Wal-mart I would say, is one of the nicest ones around.  The landscape company that their management uses does a great job at keeping the outside looking awesome and well preserved. The store itself is pleasant, the wife and I have been visiting this Wal-mart, since we moved out here to Phoenix and have gone out of our way to come to  this store. The weirdo level is lower than all the other Wal-marts around the valley, so it is a little bit more comfortable for us normal folks to shop at. A big plus is that our bank is located inside the store, so it makes it easier to blow your paycheck.
1	Is it just me, or does anyone else feel the need to sanitize themselves after leaving this dark, grimy store?
5	We live closer to the Walmart on Bell & 19th Ave but I wouldn't shop at that location if my life depended on it. This Walmart is beautiful! Well stocked, super organized, better selection, etc. I was really impressed with this location but I guess after going to 19th ave store ANYTHING would impress me.
1	This is a review of the customer service and bakery department.I went to Walmart on Wednesday to place an order for birthday party cupcakes to pick up on Saturday.  I waited 20 minutes for a manager to come over to the bakery department to take my order (the deli called them over several times since the bakery department had gone home it was 5:15).  The manager came over he was nice repeated back everything I wanted thought I was good to go.Got a call Saturday morning asking me how I wanted the cupcakes decorated I was so confused about that since I had picked out a picture in their book.  I explained what they looked like in the picture and she seemed satisfied, new what she was doing.Saturday I picked up my cupcakes.  I got to the bakery department and the lady in charge looked at me, I said I had an order to pick up.  She was in no way nice at all and said "What does it look like" I was a bit tongue tied for a second I was ready to give my name.  I told her they were colorful cupcakes with sprinkles she looked at another bakery assistant and said they were the ones you did this morning.  So she goes to the back and gets them says there for Jennifer I said yes she hands them to me and says are these them and I looked at them and said kind of (they were decorated similar to what I had picked out of the book but where I had asked for 3 or 4 colors they gave me 2 and one was a color I hadn't asked for.  She just ignored my response and walked away.  I figured whatever its a kids birthday they won't care about the color.Got to the party gave them out then I started getting requests for the frosting to be scraped off.  I thought that was strange since I knew most of the kids liked whipped cream frosting which is why that was what I ordered.  Nope it was buttercream. Now I know it isn't the end of the world but really I asked for one thing they gave me something else and now all of these cupcakes are getting wasted because the people didn't like buttercream.  So I called customer service.  The lady on the phone was difficult to understand but I got across that she was VERY rude.  I told her what happened and I think what she was trying to get across was to bring the cupcakes into the store so they can check that they were wrong.  I said that was fine I would.  But really couldn't she have said I'm sorry that happened please bring them in and we will give you a refund etc....  Nope she was just really really rude!Will definitely stick with Target from now on!
3	If you're afraid of shopping at walmart because of the sketchy people that shop there, this one's for you. It's far enough north, and surrounded by nicer neighborhoods, so the vast majority of the customers are normal people. It's a Walmart, so they have a little bit of everything, and the prices are pretty competitive, but I think most people know that by now. There is a McDonald's, a nail place, a photo studio, a Desert Schools credit union, a hair salon and a realty place inside. There is also a tire center attached. The employees are a regular Walmart mix: some are very helpful, some just glare at you. It's always been clean and smelled normal in the store, which is more than I can say for most other Walmarts. We do almost all of our grocery shopping at this location, so I have no problem recommending it.
1	This is a terrrible store! I went in to simply buy Milk. They had the isle closed off  and when I finally did get the milk the lines were so long it took me 20 minurtes just ot buy a 1/2 gallon of milk. Next time I will go to Fry's
3	I was pleasantly surprised the other day when I called and had something put on hold and I came in and it was there. The lady who helped me was extremely friendly and actually wanted to help. thank you for the great visit
4	Like Amanda G., we live closer to 19/Bell but prefer to go here.The produce is either awesome, or in a bad way...so you can't always get all of your shopping done. Sometimes u have to shop for produce elsewhere - but sometimes it is spectacular. Not sure why its so hit or miss.Bonus points for the auto shop staying late as we drove over in a panic with a tire hissing badly. They checked it out, turned out to be a screwdriver in the sidewall. Unfortunately, it also turned out the tires on the rear weren't from Walmart. Oops, our bad. They still took the time as they closed up to swap it out for the donut in the trunk! I got the tire replaced the next day at the store we had bought them from.I may have to take the screwdriver back to this walmart to show the guys, as I know they were curious as to how it got in there (the philips-head end was sticking OUT of the tire....turns out it was a double-sided driver, went in the tread, came out the sidewall)
5	Best walmart I've ever been to! Super clean and organized which is hard to find at walmart usually. Great place to buy everything without a creepy experience.
5	This is one of the nicer Walmarts around (they do exist). I am not in this area much but I had to stop on my way home to make a return. The customer service rep, Erikka and her manager Tray were very patient and helpful with my return. I did some shopping while I was here. It's a clean store and checkout was quicker than usual. It absolutely improved my impression of Walmart.It's in a good area too. A lot of nice stores and restaurants close by.
1	Wal-Mart will rip you off if your are using there family mobile cell plan. and If you try to CXL they will even get more from you. Beware. When I called to CXL they said my Extra pack funds will be lost they will just keep them for there pockets. and to top it off they also charged $5.00 to make the payment over the phone. Buyer be where if you are using there cell plan.
4	The customer service was awful and their products were lightly damaged.But the prices more than make up for it.I do not look forward to going back but i would not be too upset.
1	I have never been a WalMart fan, but (Aug. 18th, 2014) today I needed an immediate oil change, so I decided to give WalMart auto department a try. Once I arrived I found the prices to be similar with local competition. Once the WalMart employee took down my information he quoted me 45 minutes for the oil change, which I thought is a little long due to the fact that I was t he only car there. Once he took my key I noticed another car pull up that the same employee went to greet.  I patiently waited the 45 minutes only to see that my car is still in the working bay, so I continued to wait another 10 minutes. At this point I went to check if my car has been finished because at this point I noticed they were working on two other cars. The employee came back to say, "nope not done yet. There about to start on it." As you can guess I was not happy and for my keys because I couldn't wait anymore. It took them another 10 minutes to pull my car out of the bay because they didn't know how to drive a manual. The auto department manager Nick just looked at me as if I was in the wrong. Do yourself a favor and avoid this auto department and the store because obviously their managers could care less about customer service. Go Target!
5	This is the cleanest, quietest, most stocked Wal-Mart in the valley, and it doesn't hurt that the drive to the store is lovely. Having said that, the craft department ladies don't know where anything is, and the cashiers at the checkout can be mighty frosty. Go here to shop, not to socialize.
1	So I'm here at Walmart. No receipt printed, so I asked for help.  Finished my transaction 20 min ago.  This is still where we're at.How many Walmart people does it take to print a receipt?
