5	Love it. Hole-in-the-wall with Peking duck on demand. Try the greens and the snapper sauteed with ginger and scallions. Great noodles, too.
4	Great food, try the rice noodle dishes and ask for it "dry".  Also, the lemongrass scallops are fantastic.  They obviously don't care a bit about the decor, and you'll feel like you've walked into someone's ratty old apartment, but this is one of those rare cases when the food makes up for it.  The menu is a bit intimidating - it has 15-20 pages of dishes, but they staff is willing to help you make up your mind.  Some things not to try (I've been here several times, and not every menu item is good) - the 5 flavor squid has a creepy salty/sugary thing going on, and the sweet/sour pork is a little too dry and salty.  Everything else so far has been great.
4	This restaurant reminds more of Hong Kong (where I lived for a couple of years as a college exchange student many years ago) than any place in Arizona.  The atmosphere is definitely not upscale (more like some of the Long Wongs in PHX), and may be a bit of a culture shock to some, which is why I don't recommend it for everyone (4 instead of 5 stars).  The food, however, is very authentic, though they don't always have the exact ingredients that you would find in Hong Kong.  The dry flat rice noodles (ho fun) is among my all-time favorite Hong Kong dishes, and this place does it right. The clay pot dishes are also worth a try - really good. (Among the Chinese restaurants that I have tried in Phoenix, the Gourmet House of Hong Kong is #2.  Number 1 is the Great Wall, which I review elsewhere.)
2	i don't understand why this place always gets such good reviews everywhere. i guess the fact that it's not panda express or pei wei gets it some bonus points but honestly the food isn't that great.
5	I crave this place, I dream of their Peking Duck. Better than sex, well maybe not better, but a close runner up. Went here with J.W. and a number of other friends for my birthday; great fun, fantastic food! Don't let the hoody decor scare you off, experience the Gourmet House!
4	Awesome, super authentic Chinese soup. Gourmet House of Hong Kong has a daily soup that's definitely a must try...but please do keep an open palate. The soup changes to suit the season..with cooling ingredients in the summer and heating ingredients in the winter.  When I was there, they were serving a mixed root vegetables in a pork broth (note that slightly milky/cloudy color comes from lenghty boiling of pork ribs).  It was the best home made soup, I've had in a long while.  Also the beef pan fried rice noodle was excellent with just the right amount of chewiness...but not for those who are afraid of a little grease in their food. If you're feeling especially adventurous, then I'd also recommend the salt & pepper tripe (yup, that's edible offal) Beware that not everything here is equally delicous or authentic...so unless if you're looking for panda express style Chinese (I personally do crave Panda once in while), then avoid the $5 lunch specials
5	This great family run restaurant is a fantastic restaurant-- authentic Chinese, served at bargain prices. The decor sucks, the lights are fluorescent, and there is a huge bill board in the parking lot. BUT, if you can look past some of its physical failings, the food is fantastic. Always dependable, always tasty. The menu is HUGE...
3	I tried Gourmet House of Hong Kong today with a group of co-workers. I'll admit I may be a bit jaded as I would have preferred a place with a patio to take in this beautiful day, but whatever.  Yes the decor sucks, it's dark inside, and the restaurant is laid out weird...but it's those things that give this place it's charm.  The menu is huge...potentially the largest menu I have seen at a Chinese restaurant.  Service was quick and we had ordered, ate and had the check in like 30 minutes. Of course, since we were in no rush to go back to the office, we sat around and talked for another 35 minutes.The lunch specials are cheap. Like $5 or under cheap. The portions are also a reasonable size, so it's a good deal for $5.  The corn soup was...interesting to say the least. Not something that I enjoyed at all.  I had the cashew chicken as my meal (it's not on the lunch special menu)...large portion, tender chicken, and lots of cashews. I didn't care for the light sauce very much actually and was disappointed when there were no green peppers in the dish. Also, the carrots tasted a bit off to me.  My co-workers all enjoyed their dishes, which included sweet and sour chicken and peking duck.  The bill for the five of us (including tip) was $40. So an awesome deal, considering two people can't even eat at TGI Friday's for $40 anymore.Can't say I will be running back to Gourmet House of Hong Kong, but not a place I would avoid either.
3	um. not great. i ordered the chicken lo mein and the crab puffs - and well, was a bit bored. the decor is shady. and to be perfectly honest, if i'm going to eat chinese it should taste good - greasy and with a ridiculous calorie count but good.
5	Having lived in the neighborhood for eight years, I can't say much other than: variety, reliable, authentic. But what I'm really compelled to tell you all about is...They now serve Thai! In addition to their already huge menu! The Chicken Pad Thai is arguably the best I've ever had (I've had it in New York and San Francisco). Its crazy how good it is... I had to have it two days in a row to confirm. I've had the green curry and that was yummy - fresh veggies in everything, crispy and plentiful.IMHO, their decor rocks! I love the cheesy waterfall in the front, the chairs with coffee cup designs and giant turntable-centered family-sized tables. The green walls are an upgrade from the pink and blue that was there before. Go to Fate if you want to sit in faux-modern Ikea surroundings.This place is classic Mc Do Well
3	Is it normal for "Thai-style chicken" to look like pineapple? Just got back from lunch with my co-worker.  It was nearby, had decent reviews and I wanted Chinese. My co-worker, whose Chinese, jumped at the opportunity to go to a new place for lunch nearby since she usually only goes to places her friends recommend.  Overall - it was ok-good. Staff was friendly - suggested what I try. Co-Worker (CW) was excited about the Thai menu. She'd been talking about Hot & Sour soup and hasn't found any in PHX she likes except one place in the far away land of Chandler (compared to West PHX). HOneslty, she seemed a little disappointed in the food. Hot & Sour soup (from the Chinese menu, not the Thai H&S) was sour, but not hot. She had me try, and I'm no hot & sour judge, but it had some funky (read: not good) taste to it. They brought a wonton and egg roll with her #7 Thai combo (can't remember what it was called). Both were overfried. She mentioned it's like it was fried then refried. HOWEVER, the insides of the egg roll were quite tasty. Wonton- not so much. Corn soup came with my #1 Pad Thai lunch special...it was broth with corn. Very simple. I suppose I expected a little more but it was exactly what they said, corn soup. I should have gotten a salad. Moving on to the actual lunch. Pad Thai, I've never had much Thai food and I enjoyed this quite a bit. Now I can't compare this to anything else so it's just my taste buds talking. Is it normal for the chicken to look like pineapple? That threw me off - it was cubed and had a yellow-ish tint. It was very soft too - gave me a weird I like/don't like feeling. But i continued to eat and overall, I liked it. My CW got the #7 Thai special that came in a bowl. Had lots of veggies, chicken in some creamy spicy sauce. She had me try the sauce and it was pretty good (I wish I had taken more to put on my meal from her bowl when she offered). I'm not so sure she enjoyed the place as much and I'm not surprised. At the end of our meal she mentioned she'd like to find a "really good" Chinese place to take us to and was going to talk to her friends. I wouldn't mind going back to try the Chinese menu - they have a huge selection and it's nearby, a great price for lunch, not busy and pretty friendly.
4	Things to order that you might not normally order - but should.Ask what chinese greens they have. They usually have a bunch that aren't on the menu.  Order steamed with garlic. Chinese broccoli, ong choi, gai choi, bok choi are my faves. Order with black mushroom if you're feeling freaky.The "casserole" menu is chinese hot pot. The taro one is great. My favorite is the fish filet and tofu. I order it with sauteed, not deep fried, fish, and soft, not deep fried tofu. The fish fillet and green onion is superb.On the thai menu, the papaya salad is the bomb.The frog legs are pretty good! :)The noodle soups are great. So is the congee, if you're into that.Try some of the more exotic stuff on their menu. That's where they really shine the most.
3	So I sent the Lemongrass Shrimp back. They were gross. Not edible.I've only been here twice. The first time I thought the food was good. I had shrimp, a chicken dish and a spring roll and it was was pretty decent. The second time (tonight) everything was gross. Like my stomach churns at the thought of ever going back.The service was very good, though. So at least that aspect of my experience tonight doesn't make me quesy. I feel bad wrting this because they were so nice. I was going to give it 2 stars but they were really nice to me so 3 stars.
4	Gourmet House of Hong Kong has rolled out a Thai menu. I'm not sure what this means yet, but I'm going to find out.
1	The food is blah. I ate there for a long time just because it is the closest Asian restaurant, but really the food could be better.... OK, it could be a lot better. A long time ago, I used to love their frog legs, but now they are so bad I cant even tell you. The abundance of sauce ruined the crispiness of the frog legs. I was so disappointed!They raised their prices by 50% or more on some dishes & sides. Some of the prices have almost doubled. For example, the small rice was $1. Now, it's $1.50 extra. The large was $2. Now, it's $3.50.  It is something stupid but still annoying.Also, it is hard to order food from them over the phone... To tell you the truth I sometimes have trouble ordering food from them there because they dont seem to be able to communicate very well in English. And you always have to double check your order.The food is inconsistent.  It's not great but it's food and still fairly inexpensive. I wont bother eating there again because their food keeps getting worse & worse. I have had 2 friends get sick from their food. Watch out for their chicken! My friend said he got undercooked chicken from this place.Also, They wont give out copies of their to-go menu with the new prices on it. So you kinda just have to take their word for it on the new prices... It used to be a place we went often but it's getting to the point that I'm kinda just over this place.Yah, the more I think about it, I'm way over this place.
3	Had Xmas Eve dinner at Gourmet and was sorely disappointed.  Wondering if the main chef was on holiday already.  The Peking duck was beyond dry and the sauteed fish was swimming in far too much gravy and didn't taste in the least bit fresh.Kept wishing I had made the drive to Asian Cafe Express instead.
4	Really like the dry sauteed soy sauce bean sprout chow fun noodles.  I get take out here 2- 3 times a month -  have not eaten in.  The staff is friendly, helpful, food appears fresh and is ready to go in a heart beat.  It's rather lame they now charge extra for brown rice.  I go here mostly for the noodles, the tofu dishes I've had have been merely ok.  My partner enjoys the sweet and sour pork and kung pao chicken.  If I could do 1/2 stars, I would give Hong Kong House 3 1/2 stars overall - for this review, 3 is too harsh - so 5 stars for the noodles and fast service and the convenience.
2	Until recently I have been a long time patron of what may have been the finest Chinese eating establishment in Arizona. There were many memories made here. I moved away several years ago which made it difficult to get back to one of my all time favorite restaurants. Recently between appointments I found myself at lunch time both hungry and near this landmark. I was unaware of the ownership change until I walked in and was not greeted by familiar or friendly service. Since I was on limited time I ordered from the lunch menu expecting the the same service as I had been accustomed. Wrong. The order was taken in reasonable time but the food arrived luke warm almost 35 minutes later as I was preparing to leave. The lunch special wasn't very special and bordered on disgusting. Running late for my appointment, I had to track down staff so that I could get a guest check and pay my bill. I can say that both service and food quality were consistent: SUB PAR. It is unlikely I will return.
2	Geee-ross!  The other half and I got take-out for this place.   But first a little back-story....  My dad's whole family worked at a Chinese restaurant in Philly from before I was born until the late 1990's.  My mother says she craved Chinese food the whole time she was pregnant with me and by proxy got me hooked on Chinese in the womb. I bless her for having done so. I love Chinese and could eat it every day...willingly.  I've tried Chinese in every city and country I've ever lived or visited, as I always love to see what's out there and experience the regional variances and interpretations. I can usually find something good, no matter how nasty or base a buffet, or made-to-order.  And Lord knows I love take-out and a movie on the sofa.  Great nite, rite?A few weeks ago I convinced the better half to go pick up Gourmet House of Hong Kong, if I paid and he drove. Deal. Done.  I ordered on the phone - no problems. It's rite down the street from our house, so dinner was steaming hot and in the living room within 20 minutes.  We queued up the DVD and we're ready to go.The fried rice was yummy and OK.  Not the best I've had but not the worst either.  The BBQ pork app was good and I liked the dipping sauce it came with. Everything else was skank.  I'd say avoid the noodles at all costs. They were like nasty over-cooked spaghetti in a watery, flavorless sauce.  Even with soy sauce added, they did nothing for me.  I'm kind of sad b/c the other reviews on Yelp seemed pretty good.  The place is not that great looking from the outside, and never having been inside, I can't comment on that -- but I would never get take-out from here again.  At least we didn't get sick.  It was just bland-o-rama, which makes me sad.  I even threw-out the leftovers, which has only ever happened  one other time with Chinese take-out, when I left for vacation the next day and didn't want to stink up the fridge.
1	Ok - so I used to live minutes from china town in NYC...  so I'm perhaps a little spoiled.  I realize that.   I still have not found a Chinese food place here in phoenix that I'm crazy about...I'm pretty much resigned to the fact that I'm not gonna.That being said... this is by far the *worst* Chinese I've had here so far.They are right around the corner from where i live so i decided to give it a try for take out one night...they got our order wrong, it took forever, and it was completely flavorless...  I had a few bites and lost my appetite. Maybe I ordered the wrong things...  maybe I was there on an off night...  who knows.  But as far as I'm concerned - Vegetable lo mien shouldn't be that difficult to get right.  My boyfriends meal (forget what he got) was no better.  I won't be going back.  Its a real shame too since the location is ideal for me....
1	This is my uncle's favorite Chinese place in Phoenix...and I have no idea why.It's a little junk Chinese food spot...but it begs the question: "Isn't Junk Chinese at least supposed to taste good?"I mean, I know what I'm putting into my body isn't actually good for me, but Gourmet House of Hong Kong makes the act of eating it not even pleasurable...so what exactly is the point?The spot isn't very clean (the bathroom=complete ew).  The noodles are gummy, the tofu is rubbery...The sweet and sour sauce was kind of good, but I think it added to my stomach ache (which began mid meal).The crunchy things they'll give you if you ask--those are good.Crunchy things and a semi-doable sweet and sour do not a restaurant going experience make.
2	*sigh Another place that used to be the best in town, and is now an embarrassment. Food off the Chinese menu is still good, but the regular menu is no longer up to snuff. Sauces that were once delicate and light are now weighted down with starch and made unbearable with sugar. I went with about 6 other people and the only dishes we enjoyed were some pan fried noodles, and some stir fried greens. I don't even know what the greens were... maybe snow pea leaves... but they were good. Still 2 out of the 10 dishes we ordered isn't a good record.
4	They offer an extensive menu of typical Chinese American restaurant selections, but also several dishes not often found in most restaurants, including several specialty noodles, soups and seafood items.   At times, they also have some Thai dishes.  They have several Lunch Specials for around $5 and quick service to go or dine in.
2	There are only two reasons I usually go to Gourmet House of Hong Kong--I need cheap, fast Chinese Food that's not packaged in a panda logo and I want a place where actual Chinese  people are behind the counter. The food isn't bad. It's what you'd expect in a Cantonese style place. But whatever I order seems boring and uninspired. Last time I had chicken and vegetables (really weren't many veggies) and a side of fried rice. I was disappointed that it was just white rice with bits of egg. I thought there would at least be some onion or scallion. And the rice still tasted more steamed than fried. I think they are playing loosely with the definition of fried rice. Anyway, I was glad last year that they fixed up the decor. The peeling paint on the outside did not do much to whet the appetite.
4	We found this place by GPS. It was really much much better than what we had expected before entering the restaurant. I highly recommend the daily soup, which is authentic. All other entrees we got were fabulous.
3	Lunch is down to a science here. No waiting for a seat, If you know what you want you can order quickly, your included soup comes seconds later and the meal along with the check only a few minutes follow. Perfect for a fast sit down lunch. the lunch menu is quite cheap $5-7 and for 1.50 more they will give you a egg roll and crab puff, however most skip this option. I enjoy the vegetarian options. There is the monk style vegetables with tofu in a light sauce. Pad tai with tofu, and two fish options and a vegetable fried rice. If you like it hot every table has a container of crushed red pepper in oil, it adds a real flavor punch to any meal. Most meals come with seamed rice and for .50 extra you can get brown or fried rice. There is a refrigeration full of many exotic beverages both alcoholic and non however I have yet to try any of them. The outside may scare some away however the inside is decent and the chairs are from a old coffee shop. Great for a lunch the food is decent and the options are nice if you are in the area.
5	Adam M. was absolutely right: The Chinese Broccoli in Garlic Sauce and the Mixed Seafood Hot Pot (Casserole) are really, really amazing! I've also become a big fan of the Tomato Sauce Shrimp - tastes nothing like what you're thinking. Eat these items we recommend or be seriously disappointed trying the chinese staples you've become brainwashed into enjoying elsewhere.
5	Great authentic Hong Kong food.  I don't like all of the food they serve, but the stuff I order is the exceptional.  This is one of those "hole in the wall" places with great food. I highly recommend the Chow Fun, the Hunan Beef, ginger and green onion snapper (fried)...This is one of my favorite spots.
4	My wife and I were introduced to Gourmet House a long time ago. Nowadays it seems it's more the odd take-out order instead of going to the place, but today I met a friend for lunch at GH and liked it very much, again.Food was quite simple but nicely presented. Really tasty chicken with bean sprouts, a nice simple celery vegetable soup as a starter.It's much cleaner and has great plates, wish I had them at home!I look forward to going again and diving deeper into the huge menu.
2	FOOD: Mediocre, Menu is pretty extensive for a small Chinese Joint, basic Lunch menu for under $6.  I typically come here with my co-workers and we do it family style.SERVICE: Mediocre, not too much too complain about, generally nice when orderingAMBIANCE: Dive (x3) inside and out, same goes for the parking lot.  While its a pretty small place, they do have tables that can accommodate a group of 12.CONCLUSION: While the FOOD and SERVICE is a respectable 3 and 1/2 stars, the overall dingy appearance inside and out brings it down to a 2-star.  I have noticed a bug crawl up one of the picture frames one time in the dining room.  I have not been back since.
4	A great authentic Chinese restaurant. The Five Flavor Squid and Won ton Noodle soup with BBQ Pork, is as good as any I have had. Even compared to restaurants in the china towns of Washington D C or New York City. I have been coming here since 2005 and have tried most things on the menu. I haven't had a bad dish yet. The service is prompt and friendly. It is a very casual atmosphere no need to dress up here. The food coming out of the kitchen is just good, real Chinese food.
4	I really should not enjoy bashing a Phoenician dynasty in the opening lines of this review, but what the heck, PF CHANGS SUCKS.  Yes, I said it, Its garbage.  Its a semi formal dining hall serving bland white meat chicken in a variety of sweet and sour sauces.  Restaurants like PF Changs exist, so that people don't have to motivate their taste buds to explore further reaching foods, especially Asian cuisine.  Then there is the Gourmet House of Hong Kong, masked in an entire ideology against Chain/Bad Chinese restaurants.  To say this is a "hole in the wall", would be an understatement of epic proportions.  Found on the corner of right around 10th street and McDowell, this inconspicuous dining hall stands, ready to show anyone who will listen, what true Cantonese cooking is. Upon entering, do not be scared. No, it is not travertine tile, elaborate fish tanks, black napkins and the playmates of the month serving you your food.  Yes, that is really just a plain circle table with a white paper napkin and some soy sauce and chili oil containers. Yes, the restaurant is old and beaten up.  Yes, that is the smell of fish in the air, do not worry, in around three visits you will be swooning for that sweet aroma to come to your table.Now lets talk about what matters.  THE FOOD.  Hands down, the best noodles in Arizona.  I recommend the shrimp chow mein.  It is a bed of soft egg noodles, crunchy on top with at least a dozen U-20 size shrimp and baby bok choy resting on a delicious sauce.  I could have this dish by itself every other night of the week and for ten dollars, I might as well.  The wor wonton soup is a deep flavorful broth, filled with not just one piece of broccoli and a few wontons, but swimming with shrimp, beef, chicken, vegetables and wontons.  The crispy dry noodles are a great accompaniment to the soup and are always on the house.  Want to try something different? How about a "scramble with shrimp".  This is just as it sounds, a Cantonese variation of egg foo young, that is a medium bed of fluffy scrambled egg with shrimp and green onion mixed in, just phenomenal.  Right now they are serving 1.5-2 pound lobsters for eighteen dollars. That's a ridiculously great deal for such a large lobster. They will make it any way you want, I recommend steamed with black bean sauce and green peppers.  I could go on and on and about this place, but I will stop here.  Let it be said though, if you are looking for atmosphere or a contemporary hip restaurant, this is not your place. If you are looking to get down and dirty and eat some real Cantonese cuisine, you will not find a better place in the valley.
2	ive had better.
5	I would like to make my rating based on three things: Food quality, customer service and consistency. I've tried MANY asian food establishments here in the valley since moving here three years ago and this is by far the best I've had! I usually order To Go and my food is always ready before I get there and am greeted with a kind hello and an appreciative smile (how nice!). I've ordered from them many times and have been impressed everytime. Thank you for the great food!!
5	I really don't understand all the complaints about this place.  I've been going here for years, and the food has always been solid, cheap, quick and really tasty.  The menu is huge, and I have no complaints about the service or cleanliness of the place, either.  I usually get the fried tofu with garlic sauce.  It's transcendent.  Crispy, delicious triangles of fried tofu and a fantastic mushroom-garlic-onion sauce with some brown rice....I have dreams about it.  If I have the cash, I'll get some spring rolls with spicy mustard, which are a hot, crispy delight.Haters gonna hate, I guess.  I just wish it was open all night!
3	I only ever do this place for take out when I'm in the area, or if I'm looking for something special like congee. If you have not had congee yet, do it. It's awesome rice porridge. (Don't do the thousand-year-old egg though, it is interesting, but not nearly as awesome.) I had my hopes high after hearing so many good things from long term Phoenicians in the valley that love, love, love this place. Oh, how the mighty have fallen. Or just kinda settled. And you know what, it's okay to settle some nights of the week. Not every night can be a mighty! flavor! explosion! If that was the case then Pei Wei and Panda Express would have gone out of business years ago. Fuck it. I'm giving an extra star out just for not being a tepid commercialized variation of salty brown sauce plus rice. In yo' face, Pan-Asian corporate "cuisine." The prices are right, the food is piping hot, and the menu is extensive. A perfectly adequate option for Chinese take-out.
4	I"m a fan, I like it I love it I'll eat more of it.  This place has the biggest duck menu I have seen.  If you want to put a Chinese restaurant to the test try their Peking Duck.  What Can I say Price is ImportantThis is not a $5.00 all you can eat, but the lunch menu give a great value. For under $8.00 you can get a large meal.  I like the servers they are short to speak but know their menu and everything is prepared with speed.  This location has its slow times, but if you look close its a big restaurant and even has a back room.  My favI would say the Egg fu Young brings me back, it must be the gravy.
4	I think I was spoiled growing up. I used to live ten minutes away from the best Chinese food restaurant I've ever eaten at. I've traveled far and wide and still nothing matches my home grown favorite. Alas, the ten minute drive would now be a two hour drive. Since moving to Phoenix I've been on the lookout for good hot and sour soup. On the advice from Iain B, I decided to give gourmet House of Hong Kong a try. I've driven past this restaurant many, many times and never once did I think about stopping. The neighborhood isn't what I'd call inviting and the building itself doesn't exactly say, 'Eat here!' Nevertheless, I had faith in Iain and would see this thing through. The menu is huge, like maybe a hundred items deep. Sifting through all of the choices it was nice to see all the usual suspects, but some relatively unique dishes as well. Though I came here specifically for hot and sour soup, there were so many enticing options I decided to get a little crazy. Takeout Order: -Crab Puffs -Mixed Veggie and Wonton Soup -Curry Beef Stew and Noodle Soup -Wunan Beef -Sweet and Sour Chicken Total: Around 25 bucks! Fifteen minutes later I was able to sample the food from the comfort of my home and WOW! This place is legit! For the price I would have been pleased with adequate food, but each item really blew me away. The crab puffs were more crab meat than cream cheese, with great flavor. The Curry Beef stew was amazing, with an excellent flavor (they actually put this in two containers, one for the beef and noodles with one for the broth. Nice touch!). The Wunan beef had just the right amount of fire to it, and was just plain delicious. I'm already planning my next trip to Gourmet House of Hong Kong. The quality of food is truly amazing for the price. Oh, and next time I'll get the hot and sour soup.
2	Not impressed whatsoever. Everything here tasted a little off, and it was very expensive. I've been here twice and my favorite thing in Chinese restaurants is hot and sour soup. Gourmet House of Hong Kong's hot and sour soup is an abortion. The ingredients in the soup are weird looking, the shrimp are little brine shrimp looking things about the size of a pencil eraser, and the taste of the soup is really gross. It's sweet and kind of tastes like bad faucet water.As for the main dishes, they lack taste. My Kung Pao Chicken was completely bland, and this is supposed to be a spicy dish! For Chinese food this place is pretty gross, and I'm surprised at how many people love it. I guess there is no accounting for taste, which most folks apparently don't have.
5	I am a native New Yorker where the best Chinese food exists in almost every corner.  There is no such thing as bad Chinese food in NY.  I tried the chinese food here and it is EXCELLENT.  Had the egg drop soup and the won ton soup.  The wonton soup was off the charts. Wonderful flavorful broth with a truly meaty wonton with very light dough.  Amazing.Also had the chicken with honey walnuts.  I couldn't believe the amount of walnuts given as well as the lightness of the batter.  We also had beef chow fun with gravy.  As good as it gets.  Of course the place is not upscale but I didn't go there to eat the walls, tablecloths or the booths.It's a place with delicious food and good value.  The people were all very personable and polite.  They answered the many questions we had since it was our first time there.  We also had dessert.  The darkest chocolate ice cream I have seen in a long time.  Yummy.  All this for under $25.  Can you believe it?  Get there!
1	Ekkk! We went here after reading great reviews and seeing that it was one of The Arizona Republic's top 10 chinese spots in the Valley.Nothing was good, I'm sad to report. The sweet and sour soup had such an odd overly bitter taste, it really wasn't edible. I ordered their version of Happy Family and the "spicy brown sauce" was watery, sweet and made the veggies soggy. My husband ordered the bell pepper chicken, which was just OK.We got our order to go, otherwise I would have sent the soup and my dish back. And maybe would have had a different experience...We've had such a hard time finding a good traditional chinese place in Phoenix.
1	Mu Shu was closed so we gave this place a try for takeout. Sundays and Asian food, I know. I'm Asian.Currently suffering worst food poisoning in this decade, the kind that tears your back up from violent heaving.Don't get chicken.
1	Not a fan.  Had the sesame chicken lunch combo and did not like it at all.  The soup if a veggie and if you want egg drop it's a $1.00 more, the fried rice has nothing fried it's just yellow rice.  The chicken was hard and the sauce wasn't good.  It was just not a good experience.
4	"Recently refurbished Chinese restaurant in an old part of town." Go through the front door and you find yourself in the kitchen! Lengthy new menu with prices about $8-11 per entree. Service was excellent, even when we lingered for an hour after the meal, visiting. Food came out quickly, portions average size, ingredients looked and tasted fresh. We ordered "deep fried fish", that had black mushrooms, onions and slivers of pork, in a brown gravy. Extraordinary taste and smell!! Also had Sechuan Shrimp, a spicy dish containg many medium sized shrimp, flavorful, mildly spicy, both served with rice. They offered a special dessert, mango with sticky rice, but we passed, as we were full. They close at 9pm.
2	Let me start with the positive. The corn chicken soup was hot and the won ton chips were a nice addition to the soup. The chicken egg roll was very greasy. My main dish was the cashew chicken. It was white meat but had to pick through it to get a decent piece without icky's on it. The flavor was bland, so I decided to add chili paste. It was hot, but tasteless. It was on the way to downtown, but will note return here again. YUCK!!!
4	I am going to start off by saying I am an egg roll snob and they got 4 stars alone on that yum! The location is a Little scary I'm not gonna lie but once you get in it is very cute. The service was great I was a little nervous when we walked in and no one Else was there I had the sweet and Sour chicken and my boyfriend had the Duck, My chicken was very tasty as far as the duck the skin was good and crispy but to greasy for the actual meat and would not really recommend that but the egg rolls and sweet and sour sauce were out of this world I can't wait to go back again...
4	If you can look past the giant Meth billboard right outside and the general uncleanliness of the entire establishment, it's pretty wonderful... especially if your intentions involve eating a whole lobster, like myself.Gourmet House of Hong Kong has the cheapest whole lobster dishes I've ever found, anywhere. I don't mean a measly, mid-western, tourist trap restaurant kind of lobster, I mean a damn good, meaty, savory, juicy morsel of deliciousness.It's served a number of ways, but I usually go for the black bean sauce style. Then, I eat like nobody's watching, vow to never let my boyfriend see me like this, and usually end up getting sauce on my face, clothing, table, neighbors, etc. Go messy, or go home.
4	I don't get some of these poor reviews.  The decor is spare but attractive, the place seems clean enough to me, the prices are good, and I've never had a bad meal there over the past 20 years.  My current favorite is the mussels, either ginger-and-onion  or black-bean.  The mussels are big and plump and plentiful, nicely presented and piping hot.  My friends have liked their dishes, too.  I've had worse Chinese food (including in China), but seldom better.  Just wish I lived closer, but I can always make an excuse to travel to a place I like as much as GHHK.
1	So I thought reading their menu, seeing it in Chinese language and in the Chinese District . . . it could be a real find -- I love dives with surprisingly good food. I was soooooo disappointed.The egg drop soup was vegetable soup and just warm.  A minute after my soupwas served, my main course came out.  It had two items--pea pods and pork.  Not very BBQ flavor, rather a funny flavor.  No other veges such as water chestnuts or bamboo shoots.  The minimal sauce was very bland.  The rice was not fresh.
5	I have been a loyal customer here for 15 years. The staff and food are great. The prices cant be beat, especially during lunch hours. A great variety of food from seafood to vegetarian to meat and poultry dishes. This is truly a Phoenix gem!!
5	Great authentic Hong Kong food.  I don't like all of the food they serve, but the stuff I order is the exceptional.  This is one of those "hole in the wall" places with great food. I highly recommend the Chow Fun, the Hunan Beef, ginger and green onion snapper (fried)...This is one of my favorite spots. Updated:We have been visiting this place once or twice a week and we are still loving it.  I just added sesame chicken to the rotation and it is also amazing.  We love this place.
4	I have been eating at The Gourmet House of Hong Kong for over 25 years. I got to know the previous owners and the new owner since she has taken over and I have always been treated like a family member every time I came in. In fact that's one of the interesting things about this restaurant is that over the years the owners brought family relatives from China to work in the restaurant and experience life and education in America.  It was always interesting to talk to them and get some history of what their life was like in China and what they thought of their American experience.This restaurant has won Best of Phoenix numerous times and that was based on their extensive food menu and wonderfully prepared dishes. Every meal I have ever had here has been wonderful. The service is fast and the food is delivered hot, flavorful and in abundant quantity..Before the new owner cleaned up and remodeled somewhat, I remember a review from The Arizona Republic that said look at the food, not the ceiling. Hah! In that respect it reminds me of the original Carolina's on Mohave, you go there for the food, not the ambiance, Reading some of the negative reviews I get the feeling that these would-be restaurant critics could never be satisfied whatever they were served here and would be much happier in some yuppie overdecorated Mc-food place.As for me, my family, friends and co-workers The Gourmet House of Hong Kong is a hidden gem in one of the obscure parts of Phoenix. We will continue to support them at the same time enjoying exquisite food.John H.
5	My wife and I lived in Bangkok, Thailand for four years while on assignment for the American Embassy.  While there we were exposed to all levels, including the finest, in Chinese cuisine.  A few years after retiring we moved to Phoenix and, for one reason or another, have been disappointed in the quality of Chinese cuisine found here.  That is, until last Sunday when we accepted a recommendation to try The Gourmet House of Hong Kong with friends.  We ordered several of the soups and entrees.  Prices were reasonable, service was excellent and all items were quickly served piping hot.  This first experience here brought back wonderful memories of the lengthy time we spent in Asia.  Items we ordered were Wonton Soup, Hot and Sour Soup, Green Curry Pork Clay Pot, Egg Rolls, Crab Puffs, Kung Pao Shrimp, Honey Walnut Shrimp, Peking Duck and Almond Chicken.  All were authentic in quality and flavor and will most surely be ordered and enjoyed again as we continue to explore the restaurant's lengthy menu.  This restaurant receives our best recommendation.
5	I know this place got a few nasty reviews, but I think they probably went in for the lunch, which unfortunately isn't as awesome as their dinner. The dinner is consistently delicious, the egg rolls are obviously made there and not frozen. Last time we went there we got the cashew chicken (amazing) and the sweet and sour chicken (pretty good) along with egg drop soup which is great too. They don't use msg, and one of the waitresses even took the time to talk to us for a while, they're always pretty nice. It may look like a hole in the wall, but those seem to be the best places to get a good plate of Chinese food.
4	For such a big place like the Phoenix area there is a surprisingly horrible selection of Chinese food.  The Gourmet House is a pleasant surprise.  Driving up and seeing the bars on the windows with a bit of an old hole of the wall looking exterior it does make you pause a bit, but don't let that dissuade you.  They have an outstanding Moo Shu Vegetable dish ( Moo Shu pork sans pork).  They bring it out and the server actually wraps them for you using a big spoon and chopsticks without actually handling the flour wraps with her hands.  It's very impressive and fun to watch. I have never seen that done before.Try:- Moo Shu Vegetables.- Peking Duck
4	Gourmet House of Hong Kong changed ownership a few years back.  Michael and his lovely wife are no longer involved, but the new owners retained the same cooks.  The food has always been very good, and little was lost in the transition.  We once tried the typical Americanized dishes (sweet and sour pork, lemon chicken, etc.) and weren't too impressed.  We don't order that style of food anymore.  We never go for lunch.  We like the dinner menu, and prefer to eat "family style", with the various dishes on a lazy susan in the middle of the round tables.  Lots of Asian families are eating there, especially on weekends, so you know the place is going to have good, authentic Hong Kong style food.We tend to order these dishes most often:Hot and Sour Soup Green Pepper Beef w/ Black Bean Sauce (over crispy chow mein noodles)Hunan BeefKung Pao Chicken or ShrimpMu Shu PorkThe Hot and Sour Soup is always good, and at times it is excellent.  We do see some variation in flavor, but we always start our meal with it.  Even on an "off day" it is still good.  You hit the Hot and Sour Soup JACKPOT when it has that perfect balance of heat (from black pepper) and dark vinegar, along with the meats and veggies.  I tend to discern Chinese restaurants by their Hot and Sour Soup, and this version rarely disappoints.The Green Pepper Beef w/ Black Bean Sauce (over crispy chow mein noodles) is so good!  I could eat it every day for a month and not get tired of it.  If you like black beans in your Chinese food, you'll love this dish.The Hunan Beef is a dish I don't find anywhere else.  It is what I think is their "take" on twice-cooked beef.  It is strips of tenderized beef, cut thin, that has been dredged in cornstarch and deep fried.  Then they stir-fry it with a dark, pungent, spicy sauce that has both sweetness and a sour tang.  It is strongly flavored, and quite satisfying.The Kung Pao is standard, but very good.  Hot.  Pungent.  Exactly as it should be.The Mu Shu Pork is excellent, and, as other reviewers have indicated, the pancakes are spread with plum sauce and filled at your table by the server.  They use a spoon and a set of chopsticks quite adroitly, so they never touch the food with their hands.  Very fun.  Those are our favorites.  We've been going to Gourmet House of Hong Kong since the early 90's, and it is still one of our favorite places to eat.
4	Great, quick, tasty Chinese food
1	I have been here on two occasions and both times their crab puffs were cold in the middle (probably fried from being frozen, not fresh). Their beef lo mein had a strange flavor to it, did not like the sauce. And their sesame chicken was unlike any other I've had at other Chinese restaurants. My concern is the freshness of the ingredients: seems like they are either using frozen or canned. This place would be a hit if they just went to a grocery store every day and only cooked the freshest ingredients cooked to order. The kitchen seems busy and adequate enough, but the restaurant seating area is empty (at least the two times I went there). I get the impression that this is a large family-owned restaurant that has gotten lazy over the years. Gordon Ramsay needs to pay a visit.
4	I've lived in the neighborhood for years and drove right by this place. I found by my GPS. LOL. Exterior doesn't stand out, small parking lot and the interior is rather dark. My daughter and I ordered the egg rolls, cheese puffs and terriyaki chicken appetizers. I was pleasantly surprised at how fast all the food arrived. The appetizers were very good! We then ordered the shrimp egg foo young and it was also very good. The portions were generous and we ended up taking all home.
4	I'm baffled at some of the less favorable reviews. My group often comes here for dinner and a get-together. The food is great, service is very good, and people here are unfailingly polite without being obtrusive. Menu choices are more than ample. The dining area is quiet - canned music is very soft - so having normal conversations is easy. There's ample off-street private parking. Definitely several cuts above the typical Chinese "take-out" places. I plan on dining here more frequently.
5	Well to tell you every time I come here is amazingly awesome, never had a problem with there food or service. People just need to chill with the bad reviews.Also not just the food is great but their deserts are delicious! Mango with white rice and cream is a must try!
3	I used to go to this place weekly in 2006 and found the food to be excellent.  Went there yesterday before my flight and was severely disappointed even after ordering 5 different items.  I don't know if my taste buds have matured or if they have changed cooks.
3	this place has slipped notably since ownership changed several years ago: smaller portions, fewer bonafide Cantonese dishes (beef stew, pork ribs, chow fun options) and service ($8 lunch, waitress nowhere to be had till bill, takes $10 and never came back). it's above average, especially for lunch, but a shell of its former self. that the restaurant charges ($1) for hot tea (cheap tea bag) speaks volumes of the operation.
5	Great food... Had red curry chicken with rice, egg rolls, raggoons... And hot&sour soup... All but the soup was above average in taste!! The hot and sour soup has a strong vinegar taste, not a fan of.
4	Definitely an odd location, but I love it since I live pretty close by.  I agree with other reviews, not a lot of good Chinese options.  I give this 5 stars for the area, but really 4 stars cause it's not like this is the best place ever.  But I don't think you will be disappointed if you go here.  Odd that they do both Thai and Chinese, but again I think that is due to a lack of good asian food in the area.  I have only tried the Chinese dishes so far.A lot of things come plain or with veggies.  Definitely catering to any style.  I wasn't happy with the Chow Fun the first time, because it came plain.  Then the next time I ordered with veggies, and it was exactly what I wanted.  Now I order this every time (the dry version).I really like the Wunan Beef.  And the twice cooked pork.  Didn't like the black bean chicken, was bland, but I probably could have spiced it up with their condiments.  This is my new go to for take out.  Give it a try, I think you will be happy.  Just wish they delivered.Oh - and the first time I went, there was about 3 cop cars out front, very good sign!  If the cops and firefighters eat there, it must be good.  Especially when there is more than 1 car, that means they met there on purpose... even better sign of good food!  And they have brown rice, not everybody does yet.
4	Like other users mention, this place is in a strange location. Barred windows line the streets and dodgy neighborhoods encircle it, but the food is not to be missed. Not to mention the lunch special is definitely the best priced meal pound for pound in the entire city. Unlike most American-Chinese places, you don't have to order the chicken to have a good time. Squid, fish, some weird beef intestinal lining thing, whatever; enjoy your meal and bring an empty, empty stomach.
4	My experiences here are always a little weird, but the food is great and I love the patio. :)
4	Just got take home from here. Best food I have in a while that I did not cook myself. Staff was pleasant and had food ready before they said they would under fifteen minutes. I will tell everyone that is looking for Chinese to go here. Next time I go out I'll be there to eat in the patio I spied when walking in.
1	Hot and sour soup had a gallon of vinegarMongolian beef had a pound of sugarGross, gross, gross.Thank god we only stopped by while road tripping.. IckUpdate: im close to throwing up from that gross taste of sugary (whatever the hell they used in that "mongolian beef" sauce). Seriously it was chunks of leathery meat swimming (really) in gross brown syrupy sauce. With several pathetic pieces of onions. Thats it, folks. Thats mongolian beef for the ghetto house of hong kong.  This is not chinese food. No, this should not even be food.
4	Don't be fooled - the place looks condemned from the outside - however the food is great!!! The inside is OK. I will come here again. Be sure to clarify your order after you make it. Otherwise the service was super. The portion size was average so if you are hungry order the "big plate." The soda was flat this visit but they substituted another drink.
5	I've never had a bad meal here. Huge menu, prompt service and a decent atmosphere. The lunch specials are fantastic and the sticky mango deer (when in season) is to die for!Worth a stop if your in the area!!
2	There was a time when this place was decent even if never great, but it was cheap and the vibe was cool.  But now the dinner menu prices are what you might pay at much nicer Chinese restaurants, and the TV on in the dining area only reinforces the impression that some bad decisions have been made.
5	Best hot and sour soup! Service is always top notch. Chow fun is amazing! Great affordable lunch menu and quick service if you are in a hurry.
3	I was super excited to eat here but then was a bit let down.The fountain when you walk in is nice but the rest of the restaurant is pretty run down.Service was efficient but not very friendly.Food was the biggest disappointment.Ordered:Vegetable Spring Rolls - cheap, came with two small ones, my youngest was happyBeef Lo Mein - beef had pretty good flavor and texture, good dishVegetable Mu Shu - worst flavor of Mu Shu ever hadVegetable Egg Fu Young - over fried and not that tasty.I would not choose to go back.
2	My third timing coming. I really want to work with them because there's not much Chinese in Phoenix and the staff is super nice; however, the sauce is horrible! More so, it seems like every sushi us cooked in the same hiring, blabs way too sweet sauce. I will not be back.
