5	The exhaust system of my car started giving a loud noise. I took it to a big-name chain,and the claimed that the catalytic converter needs to be replaced. He also showed a hole supposedly on the converter. The quote they had for me was for $300.I asked around, and got suggestions for Red's, and went there. It seems to be a family operation. I told them about the problem and asked for a quote for the catalytic converter replacement (their initial quote was $230), and left my car there.A few hours later, they called me back. The lady told me that I don't need a new cat, rather my old cat was fine. The only problem was a hole in the pipe nearby, and they can just weld it. I asked for  a quote for that, and was surprised to get a $50 quote.In the afternoon, I picked up my car. No  more sound coming from the exhaust. And I was very pleased with their honesty ... they could have fleeced $200+ from me in the name of replacing the converter, but rather they went the extra mile to save me money. It's a family run place, and compared to the chain-garages, Red's will give you much better and honest service.
5	My exhaust broke on my Toyota reds welded a flange and had the car for only an hour and a half and charged 45 dollars it was the best auto repair experience I've ever had
5	Came here to get a flow master exhaust put on my husbands new truck. Service was fast! In and out less than 45 min. Total $210. The guys there were nice. Family owned business.
5	I needed a new flex tube put on my 2000 Toyota Camry.  The Toyota dealer gave me an absurd quote-- close to $1500-- and recommended that I check out Red's Muffler Shop for a reputable fix from an independent garage.  The people at Red's were very friendly and walked me through exactly what had gone wrong with my car.  The real kicker, however, was the price:  about $200; or, 1/7 of what the dealer wanted to charge.  I don't drive very often, but after a few months and a few hundred miles on the new flex tube, everything is still running well on my car.  I would go back to Red's again.Update:  one year later and the car is still going strong.
5	My dear husband accidentally drove my car up onto a curb and did something horrible to my exhaust. I took the car to a big name chain who quoted me $2300 for an entirely new exhaust system. I decided, instead, to try Red's since I drive by it often. It took the service person about an hour to look at it (I dropped it off) and they were able to do a couple welds and replace part of one pipe and charge me less than $100. I will NEVER go anywhere else.
4	I just got a new muffler on my 2000 Honda Civic. Overall,  I had a good experience.  They were fast and friendly but I felt it was a little more expensive than the other reviewers lead you to think. I spent $312 on a new pipe and muffler which came with a 1 year warranty.  All around a pretty good deal at a reasonable price but not a crazy cheap deal by any means.
5	Its really a great place to fix muffler and exhaust issues for a real cheap price.
4	I've been taking cars there for more than 15 years whenever they need exhaust work. They do a great job and are extremely reasonable.
