3	A pretty decent sit-down, not too spendy, lunch restaurant.  The service is a bit spotty and brusque, and it's in a freakin' basement...but my lemon-pepper chicken with hot peppers was pretty darn decent, and you can have a side of veggies (steamed broc in my case) instead of a side of sleepy afternoon (aka pasta).I learned on my lunch that almost all salads in Pitty come with fries, not just what the rest of the world knows as the "Pittsburgh Steak Salad", but you will get fries on your random salad at random places, even if not specified on the menu.  I can't wait for this to happen to me!!
2	There are restaurants that haven't changed in twenty or thirty years that make you happy they haven't changed a whit....take you back to warm fuzzy memories and a happy tummy.  Sadly, Storms is not one of those. Dingy, dark, freezing cold interior, in the cellar of a drab gray downtown building, maybe that was the inspiration for the name of Storms.... a storm cellar?Despite the name change, this is still the old Scoglio's with a new name in the same old place...emphasis on old.  Not a lightbulb, not an artificial flower on the table, not a piece of flatware, not a fresh coat of paint or mirrored wall has changed since the seventies. Depressing, folks.Now the food.  On the positive side, fellow diners enjoyed the fried zucchini starter.  And that is where we probably should have stopped, at the start.  Salads were  small plates of a few slightly limp spring greens mixed with a lot of iceberg lettuce, a few shreds of carrot, two thin purple onions rings, half a wrinkled grape tomato and five (yes, I counted them) garbanzo beans.  My lemon chicken with peppers consisted of two tiny, thin pan sauteed chicken breasts topped with what I actually believe were warmed, jarred, pickled banana peppers in a pile on top of the chicken with a lemon cream sauce over all.  Not completely objectionable, but not something I would order again.  Ever.  It came with a side of oily, dilled, bitter zucchini.  The other dishes at the table were received similarly and nothing but the fried zucchini appetizer drew comments above mediocre.  I guess it is true, you can't go back again.  The only reason I would go back would be if I were walking by and actually needed a storm cellar.  Then, and only then, would Storms be my port in a storm.
4	To be honest, the more I come here, the more I love it.  And the more I love that it doesn't look like much.  For $12 you get a salad, side of veggies and your entree.  The chicken varieties (with banana peppers, piccata, marsala) are all uniformally excellent.  +1 star from last review.
4	I'd dare say this is one of the better kept secrets in downtown Pittsburgh.  As someone who's visited for lunch on several occasions, I find the prices reasonable, the staff attentive and friendly, and the food terrific!I highly suggest the Chicken Romano.  You can get a decent portion with salad, veggies/pasta, and delicious bread for about $10.The atmosphere is a little dark, but it takes me back to the little neighborhood haunt that emphasizes quality over ambience.  That's a tradeoff I have no problem making.
5	I'm still thinking about my meal from more than a week ago.My sister has been going here regularly for years and I had the treat of trying it out recently. The bar tender/server that works there is so sweet and at the bar they have house-made kettle chips that are to die for. I almost dumped a basket into my purse and with each beer, let me tell you, it was hard to keep my self control!The food is mainly Italian and amazing. We shared a bunch of apps including the fried zucchini which is ribbon thin and mouth watering and stuffed banana peppers. But best of all I got the chicken romano ... OH MY GORSH! I got three thinly cut chicken breasts that were breaded and sitting in a pool of the ... most ... amazing cheesy creamy sauce I have ever put in my mouthballs. I am still regretting not drinking the remainder of the sauce that was left after I finished the chicken.( Would go nicely with the chips in my purse, no?)Someone else ordered the herb encrusted steak and it was one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen.Definitely, definitely try this place.
3	The food was mediocre.  Actually, it tasted like a really good Italian Lean Cuisine.  But what I'm really interested in discussing is my waitress/bartender.  She scared me.  I mean...she caused me such unreasonable apprehension I lost my appetite.  I don't believe in discrimination, but if you're gonna hire former heavy weight wrestlers as servers, the food should be amazing.  And it wasn't.  It was....Ok.Also, I felt like I was dining in the bottom floor of the Titanic.  The restaurant is a dimly lit, cheesy cruise ship type feel, with no windows. We didn't sink though.
5	This place is phenomenal, highly recommend the banana peppers for appetizer and the daily specials are always a must!
4	Did the Groupon thing with no problems.  Had an early dinner on a Friday night... the place was eerily quiet.  It's in a basement.  My husband kept suggesting that it used to be a morgue (too much Ghost Adventures, clearly).  The decor is straight out of a nursing home (seriously, it is pretty creepy - pink cushions and fake mirrors?  ick).  Luckily we were there for the food, which we definitely enjoyed.  The zucchini strips were a bit too thin, and I thought there would be some shellfish options with the Groupon deal, but oh well.  What we got was good.  The tiramisu was homemade and delicious.  The pasta sauces were good (maybe a little salty).  I don't know if we'll be back, but it was an overall enjoyable meal (excluding the potential ghosts, heinous decor, and total deadness on a Friday).
4	Storms is an interesting Pittsburgh restaurant experience. We went with a party of 5 & used a Groupon. We had never been before & didn't know what to expect, based on some of the prior reviews. Yes, it is a basement restaurant (no windows, so no view). We had Happy Hour martinis (apple & strawberry), delish!   Ordered both appetizer choices, 2 on each plate (both tasty). Virginia Spots were very good (I think similar quality to what I've had @ the Duquesne Club.) Veal dishes (Picatta & Scaloppini) were both enjoyed. Tiramisu was fine, not the best we've ever had, but far from the worst! Salad was ok, could use an upgrade in variety of greens. Wedding soup was delicious. All in all we were very pleased, left a message of approval for Mr Storms, who apparently supervises the kitchen. Yes the decor is dated, yes it is in a basement BUT, yes our experience was good, yes our service was good (thank you Brittany) & yes our meal was delicious! So, if you go, don't expect a Big Burrito style of cuisine but do hope for tasty food with reasonable prices.
4	I also did the Groupon thing one Friday night, and did not have any problems.As others have stated, the decor is something to be desire, but I feel the service and food make up for it.Our waitress was great. Attentive and had a good knowledge of the menu. On her suggestion we tried the stuffed banana peppers and was not disappointed. Both of our meals were delicious. Definitely no complaints about the food.I will definitely be back here. I think this is a little gem that is judged too harshly for decor.
2	I ate here last night with my fiance for dinner.  Having never been to the restaurant before I found it to be in an odd location in the basement of the Pittsburgh Finance building.  We arrived at around 6 and were greeted by extreme quiet as we made our way to the hostess station.  Within a minute the hostess was there and greeted us asking if we had a Groupon or Living Social deal which we did not.  She then took us around to our seats where there was some more noise and people.  Since Storms is in the basement of the building, the lighting wasn't that great but the white table cloths and plants made it feel more inviting.  Don't expect to get any good cell phone service either which can be both a good and a bad thing depending on how you are looking at it.For dinner I decided to have the Chicken Piccata with a side of pasta and a salad with balsamic vinaigrette while my fiance went with the Scoglio (Sauteed shrimp, sea scallops and chopped clams) and a cup of wedding soup.  The soup and salad came out quickly along with some bread and butter.  My salad was decent enough with the dressing being good but I really enjoyed the bread.  It was rustic, hearty and dense which was perfect for dipping into the leftover sauce from dinner.  As we were finishing our starters, the waitress came over to my fiance and informed her that she was just told by the cooks that they were out of scallops.  She was exasperated by the fact that they hadn't told her until after she had put in the order but reassured my fiance that she would get extra shrimp in her meal instead of the scallops.  After only a short wait our food was delivered.  My chicken piccata was solid with a nice semi tart lemon sauce with capers and mushrooms.  The pasta (penne) that I received was ok as well but it was nothing special. Even though I did not ask my fiance if she enjoyed her meal I could tell that she did as she ate all of the pasta sauce, even after the pasta was gone.  Since I finished before my fiance the server cleaned off my plate and then things at the table behind us got a little weird.  From what I gathered the lady had an expired groupon and ordered two meals expecting to be able to use the full value of the groupon.  Whenever she was not able to, she stood up and went to the front.  Our server went there to help her and then I am not really sure what happened.  The reason that I am mentioning this is that we proceeded to wait about 20 minutes before our server showed up again which was frustrating as we were long done with our meals by then.  She did apologize and while I do not put the whole blame on the server, I do think that she could have managed it and us in a more timely fashion and wish that she would have.The bottom line for me is that I would probably stop back here again in the future.  While there was nothing spectacular about the food, it was solid Italian food and on its own would have garnered 3 stars.  The issue with waiting for quite a long time after we were finished bumped down the overall rating for me as it was an experience I hope to not have repeated again.
3	this place is slyly hidden beneath some hi-rise building in downtown pgh. I had a hard time finding it at first until i seen the small menu in the window. We walked downstairs in what seemed like basement but the restaurant entrance was pretty decent. It was dimly lit so i guess its meant to be an intimate place to dine. The booths were kinda old and yes as someone else stated, it felt like you were in the 2nd class dining area of the Titanic. lol. The waitress asked us if we had a groupon or livingsoical deal which we did but i found it funny they had 6 other discount companies listed on a memo as soon as you walked in.The waitress brought us a specific menu reserved for the discount coupon we had so like wise i was expecting subpar food. We ordered the zucchini and bruschetta for appetizers and they were delicious! the marinara sauce was a little saltier than i would have like but still pretty good. The bruschetta was very flavorful on the other hand with the fresh taste of tomatoes. My main entree was chicken marsala with penne pasta. It wasn't the best i've had but it was ok. They did serve fresh bread with the dinner and butter which was nice. I really enjoyed the drink specials it was my first time having cosmos. They were very sweet and only $5 for the special. i had 2 hehe. There were very few people in here but everyone or couple that showed up had a groupon so im guessing that says a lot about this place. Go for the drink specials and appetizers but not much more.
4	I was just here today on a whim...felt like eating down town so I chose this spot again...of course I had a groupon so me and my hubby went..this experience was much better than the last..The atmosphere was a lot better, quieter, the folks at the bar weren't as loud as they were before so that was nice..this time I ordered the eggplant diavlo which comes in a red sauce with spicy hot sausage sliced and with peppers and onions..it was supposed to be eggplant part but I spiced it up a bit. My dish was such a large portion. So of course I couldn't finish it all but the eggplant was crispy and not over saturated plus the extra toppings made it more of a hearty meal than just veggies and sauce. My hubby ordered the veal scallopini as seen in the picture...the sauce was very good, had a classic Marsala flavor too it...the veal was very tender just like chicken and it was moist...I enjoyed my dish a little better only because of how hearty it was..the veal should have had a little more veggies to go along with the sauce.This time for dessert I ordered tiramisu instead if cheesecake which was great!! They have a layer of lady fingers topped with nearly 2 inches if thick whip cream and chocolate drizzle. It was so soft and creamy , not too sweet and so delicious...we loved it sooo much that my hubby tried To convince me I didn't like it so that I woul stop eating...too bad the groupon was only for one dessert otherwise i would have ordered another.The food prep definitely changed my mind and the service was good as well..our waiter was very kind not to mention he also prepared our drinks..I had a White Russian and he had a Cosmo...hey some men like sweet drinks so don't judge.Definitely check this place out if u get a chance...it's a warm environment that's pretty peaceful with good quality food and service..
3	This place is hidden in the basement of a large building.  The atmosphere isn't much to write about- basement-chic, dark, bar-ish.  The service also isn't particularly great.  Hostess was not particularly friendly when I walked in and gave my name and told her I had a reservation.  The waiter was polite but had his head in the clouds.  He said the bread basket in front of my dining companion and put her salad in the middle where the bread should be.  He screwed up our checks, mixing our orders. When he returned with our credit slips and credit cards, he gave hers to me and mine to her.  The food is surprisingly good.  The wedding soup was some of the best that I can remember ever having.  The flavor was just fabulous - I can't even explain it.  I had the spots.  There were three pieces of fish, making for a fairly sized portion.  It had a lemon beurre blanc sauce, which was really tasty. Unfortunately there was barely a drizzle of it.  The vegetable of the day was a zucchini/squash medley.  Cooked very nicely- not mushy, but not overly hard.  Unfortunately I thought they were very under seasoned and bland. They were delicious, however, whenever I used them to scrape the dish to get the beurre blanc sauce.My prior experience with Storms was a work holiday party. From that, I recall the food being good but the atmosphere prison-like.  I will return for the food, particularly if meeting someone that works up in that part of town.
4	There are very few things that need to be analyzed when dining out, first - the service. Our waitress (Kat) was awesome. She is funny, personable and honest about the food. When a server helps you make selections based on their knowledge of their menu it helps enhance your experience. She was fantastic. Second - the food. While not mind blowing, it is great, hearty Italian fare. The wedding soup, fried zucchini and  piccata were all well prepared and portioned. I was very pleased with my meal.  Lastly - the environment. Granted the location is not prime (the basement feel is very noticeable) it's not something that would keep me from going back. Overall, great service, good food, good pricing - happy customer. :)
4	Good italian food. $14 sounded expensive for pasta at first but when i tried them they are not like one of those from olive garden. Had lots of flavor. Service was great too. The place was not too busy and it was nice atmosphere to relax w my GF. Will come back.
4	I would compared this place to a local Olive Garden or Chilli's with a little more personal flare.Pro Food was very good nice size portions.Close to parking garagePlenty of food with the groupon dealPresentation of food was greatCentrally located ConsWait staff doubled as bartender for the packed bar so they were not as attentive as possible.The area did not feel the most cleanest. Don't get me wrong it was not filthy but it looked as if had be a long hectic day and the place need a little TLC.Over all I would return for another visit.
4	Took our office coordinator here for Admin Professional's Day (a day late....oops!) and was pleasantly surprised.  Storms is kind of off the beaten path.  You don't exactly see it at first as it sits between a law office and a parking lot and the door is to the right instead of straight off the street.  Open the door, walk down a flight of stairs, and you're in a basement restaurant!  I imagine back in the days where number writers ruled the streets this was probably a cool place to slip into.My meal of choice on this visit was the chicken piccata.  It came with a side of veggies or pasta (I had the squash) and soup or a salad (I chose the salad).   The side salad was nice and the squash was well, squash.  I can't get too excited over squash.I'm pretty satisfied with my choice of chicken piccata.  Honestly, it was cooked to perfection with a delicious wine sauce and sprinkled with capers.  A lot of food for lunch, but worth it.I shared a piece of "Death By Chocolate" cake with my colleague and we both enjoyed it immensely.  I'm now in a food coma, but a happy one.
5	I only get the chicken parm because why fix something if it isn't broke? This meal never disappoints me. Even 45 minutes after picking it up, the chicken was still crispy and the cheeses and sauces mixed perfectly. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who finds themselves downtown. It is fancy but not pretentious, the portions are generous, and the food is straight up delicious.
1	I see there are quite a few good reviews of this place, but my experience was quite the opposite.  DO NOT get the Groupon/Livingsocial/amazon local deal to go here.  They will not honor it as it is written and as you have paid for, but will make up the terms when you get there.  Our deal CLEARLY stated an appetizer, entree, and dessert for EACH PERSON, and we instead were forced to share both app and dessert, and were only allowed to order off of a limited menu.  The night we went even the limited menu they were out of 1/3 of the items on it.  My wife and I also felt that we were being rushed through our meal and out the door when we were done, probably because we were only there with the deal and not a "full customer".
5	Tucked away in the Law And Finance bldg basement, worth finding it. We went for the first time last night - very good food   Not heavy but light and flavorful. Terrific, polite and unobtrusive service. It is not the most modern ambiance but quiet and comfortable. You can have a conversation without yelling. Limited wine list but they make a very good dirty martini
5	Loved this place!  Service was great and the food was excellent! The people complaining about time in between courses obviously haven't been to Italy or an actual Italian resturant! This place was fantastic!
3	I got a great deal on Groupon so decided to give this place a try. Without the deal, I don't think this would've been something that's within my budget. The restaurant is located in Downtown Pittsburgh, but in the basement of some law building. It was kind of difficult to find and out of the way. I went on a Friday night for dinner and business was not looking too vibrant. There were a few customers at the bar area and a few tables taken. Not sure why they need us to make a reservation if business was so slow. The atmosphere was simple, but yet clean and warm. Service was on point and the food came out super fast. For appetizer, I had the zucchini and bruschetta duo with a side of marinara sauce. The zucchini was thinly sliced and lightly rolled in flour. It was not as crisp as I expected, but I like the texture. The bruschetta had large chunks of tomatoes and a layer of melted cheese. However, there was way too much vinegar on the tomatoes. The marinara sauce was a total sodium-filled nightmare. Storms need to watch how much salt they add into the marinara sauce! For the main course, I tried the veal scaloppini. They must have pounded the crap out of the veal because it was so tender that it almost tasted like chicken. The sauce was light with a hint of red peppers and onions. The main course would have been great, but that side of pasta with marinara sauce really killed it. Again, the marinara sauce was a nightmare. The meal ended with a giant piece of tiramisu--so rich, fluffy and satisfying. You can't go wrong with tiramisu.Overall, I enjoyed the friendly atmosphere at Storms, but I don't think the food was superb enough for me to come back here again and pay full price. The food at Storms is light and simple, so for those with more modest taste buds, this might be the place. I expect an explosion of flavors and fireworks in my food, so I don't think Storms is a match for me. I did have a wonderful dining experience here and I thank you for that.
5	A dear co-worker of mine was retiring at the tender age of 96 after 75 years of employment here. We had the retirement party down at Storms. Our employee who organized it gave us options to fill out... soup or salad, 3 entrees to choose from and then cake.For the appetizer, I had the wedding soup. For my entree I had the chicken picatta and sauteed veggies. For dessert, everyone had the chocolate mousse cake. Also, at the beginning of the meal, fried zucchini was brought out as an appetizer.The main reason for my 5 star review is for the staff. There were 4 servers working on our party. Drinks were never empty, plates were cleared asap and they were always available if we needed something.Everyone enjoyed their time and meal.
