5	This is a great non-denominational Christian Church. Their motto: Come as you are. You can't help but feel good coming out of one of their sermons. It's not the doom and gloom stuff you might hear at some other places. Everyone is very friendly. They have a family room right outside the main auditorium for those with little kids. They also have a nursery for infants and classrooms for kids. Overall, I think there's something for anyone who is interested.
5	I heard of this church through my boss, and I absolutely love it! They're motto is 'come as you are' and they aren't kidding! I'm used to my other church where we always dressed up, no jeans, skirts and high heels haha which was fine but with this church your not so concerned with how you look. It's about learning and building your relationship with God, which SHOULD be more important. Overall, the people are friendly and the services are fun and understandable, I've considered it my new home :)
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. Always feel better about myself after I leave!
5	Another great day today! Also, loves that GOD is finally making an appearance in my life again and showing me that I do deserve happiness.
5	I love this church! The music is amazing, the people are very nice and its a very blessing place.
5	great church, I'm not into all the music that kicks off the service, it's typically a three song set 3- 5inutes a song, and I have bad knees and a surgically arthritic ankle and I would rather sit but everyone is standing and I would feel so guilty sitting. So my advise here is this is the time to show up 10-15 minutes after the service starts. I also love that they have services on Saturday (1600 and 1800 hours) Pastor Odor is great, prior to service he is always around for a quit chat either about Christ or the football scores. The services are not up-down-up-down-kneel-pray-bow- high-five. Very modern and up to date involving Christ with current day issues as well. If you believe in God and are the fence to start coming back to church I highly recommend coming here or Central Christian. You will fell welcome and get involve in the community outreach programs too.
4	I've been attending this church recently. Overall, it's nice and much like the style of churches I typically like. However, I'm not a fan of the auditorium seating. All in all, they have a good message and they are very friendly.
5	I love this church!  Its easy going and fun!
5	This is a very friendly, nondenominational church with tons of programs for kids to get involved in. My kids enjoy it and the Pastor has a gift for entertaining yet inspirational sermons. It's a huge church, but parking is not a big issue since they have cops directing traffic in and out.
5	I've been coming here for more than 10yrs and I've always felt welcome. They love for people to volunteer but at the same time there's no pressure. Their slogan is "come as you are" and they really mean it!
5	This church feels so comfortable to me! I've never felt so good about a church as I do this one! My son will ask me every now and then if he can go to church with me (he's usually with his dad on Sunday's).  IF you are looking for a church that's not pushy and you like the idea of of coming to church as you are....this is the one for you!!!
5	Love this place. Pretty big, but very upbeat and modern. Love the motto "come as you are"
5	love this place, they give a great non-judgemental service everyweek that makes you leave feeling inspired and charged for the week to come
5	Love this church! It's where I got saved. It's amazing and it's motto is "Come as you are" it's modern and fun. It keeps you engaged with its modern take with videos, skits, and pictures. If I still lived in Vegas I would be here every Sunday. Canyon Ridge will forever be in my heart.
5	This is a great christian chuch in the northwest.   Large campus with great services for adults, young adults, and of course kids.   They have speakers on a regular basis which are national names, like Tim Tebow, as well as many great christian authors/pastors.   The music is not TOO LOUD, the service is always uplifting and Pastor Odor is a great preacher.    If you are looking for a great church in the Northwest, you have found a big church with a down home feel.   Praise the Lord and Thank you Jesus for all you have done!
1	I'm not a fan of this church.I went here a long time ago, when I still considered myself a Christian (I don't identify with that label anymore, but I did when I came here).I came to several services, and was never welcomed. I never felt that I was welcome there at all.  No one would verbally say hello.I personally feel that these HUGE churches are not good...how are you going to have fellowship with people when there is such a huge number of people...its impossible to know if someone is new or not.Parking was always a nightmare, and the messages seemed kind of canned to me.but...that being said, I encourage anyone to try it out.  Just because it wasn't for me doesn't mean that it won't reach or help you. :)
5	I really enjoy this church. It is a mix of traditional and contemporary and I think it is a good fit for both single professionals and growing families. I grew up in church but if I had not and I was curious about what Church is this would be a pleasant experience. Church is just like any other social function. Some folks are really friendly, some are not. I try not to take it personal. I am a little on the shy side myself. I am hoping to get into a small group soon. The only thing that I am not a fan of, the music is sometimes a really loud. Like I can feel the base, but cant hear the words loud? It is all personal preference i suppose and it is usually only for like three songs. I'd say check it out, if I see ya, I will smile and say a shy hello!
1	As an out-of-towner, I chose this church based on their reviews. The pastor did not bring up The Lord or any bible study. Instead, spoke about the finances of the church and even had a guest speaker who spoke about finances as well. I decided to go on a hike afterward and felt the Lord's presence.
5	Canyon Ridge is Amazing. They do a great job finding new ways to feed the souls of all the verity of different people that choose to call the Ridge home.  They bring their A game all day long. Pastor Odor is outstanding. and innovating He always finds a way to get the Word out the door with an open invitation. if you've never been to the ridge Come for the Great Music, Come for the Great Guests appearances pro football players, surfers, Olympians, Authors, lawyers, Mob Bosses,  Come for the Beautiful Location,Come as you are or  Watch the ridge online, Trick or Treat around Halloween, and See the animals around Christmas,all for free. Then Stay for the MESSAGE OF JESUS CHRIST OUR LORD AND SAVIOR.
5	Ive been going to Canyon Ridge for a while now. Ive got to say I enjoy how they go through series to help you understand the word of God. There motto of Come As You Are is great. It makes me feel like they want me here because of who I am not what I wear. Canyon Ridge is excellent for children and young adults also. The word of God is strong here at Canyon Ridge and the spirit of Christ will uplift you through out the day. Come in and give it a try......remember come as you are. The next series is called "The Story"
5	I love this church! The absolute best for families and people of all ages. Kevin Odor is awesome, as well as the others. My family loves the music they play and the songs they sing. It's so inviting and the slogan, "Come as you are." means no judgement whatsoever. God bless!
5	Love this church, and my teenagers love coming here! It is never a fight getting them up and going on Sundays.  Music is uplifting and the message is always what we need to end our week and a fresh start to a new week.  I've been attending church here for 2 years and now live in south Vegas (near south point) it's worth the  drive
1	I have left a review before with 5 stars, because this is a 5-star church. However, this review is for another reason. The only negative thing I could ever say about Canyon Ridge, is that people are allowed to smoke outside of the doors, very close to the building. It is not my business that people choose to slowly kill themselves with this horrible, toxic addiction, but I, nor my child should have to be exposed to 2nd hand smoke that these people are giving off.  I just don't think it's fair. Hopefully in the very near future, there can be a designated smoking area away from Base Camp and the main auditorium. God bless!
5	I love my church! There is something for everyone if you are willing. First timers to seasoned church goers, all will walk away with something to use to better their everyday life.
4	If you are looking for a place of worship on the North side of Las Vegas, this is a great place to come!! They have a place for your children while you enjoy the worship and receive the Word of God!! The youth have their own services on Sunday nights. It's a great place for them too.
5	If you're looking for a place to put "God First" this is for you or even if you are just seeking a place to worship in a no pressure environment or just check out what those "Jesus Freaks" are up to come on by to Canyon Ridge. This place is not only a start of the art campus with tons and tons of activities for kids and adults a like but it is a truly non threatening environment to get the chance to learn about our Savior Jesus Christ while also getting the chance to meet some pretty cool people. This is a place that you truly do "Come as you are" I never feel obligated to dress up or look the part because they accept all kinds. They offer services both on Saturdays at 4pm/6pm and on Sundays at the typical service times. I have only ever been on Saturday afternoons and to special Sunday events so I don't know the madness on Sundays but if you want a prime seat you should arrive atleast 10minutes early if not more.. I typically try to get there about 20 minutes early so I can park and get my kids checked into the childrens church. To be honest their childrens programs are the biggest reason I am a active visitor to Canyon Ridge. They have so many awesome volunteers and childrens pastors that split the kids up into age specific classes to get the chance to learn about god without any crazy close minded stuff. My two children are about three years a part and typically do most things together but for church they have to go their separate ways. My son is in Pre K and initially he had some issues going alone but never was he pressured into joining in and now he loves going and learning about the lord. My daughter is always happy and she is in second grade and gets the chance to do all sorts of learning and play games. They also have awesome events. If you are interested in trying out a church where its nice people and awesome messages of hope and even if you just want a place to drop your kids off for a hour or two and enjoy some good christian music and a cool message. CHECK IT OUT!
5	Love coming to church here. It is uplifting everytime I get a chance to be here. Praise God.
5	First off..the lead pastors are from OHIO!!! O-H. So right there I love them.  I was born baptized commune and confirmed a Catholic when I was going through my divorce one of my regular customers at whole foods market suggested that I go to this church I said that I wasn't going to go because I'm a Catholic and I only wanted to go to Catholic Church the very next day I was taking my dog to the dog park to go potty and all of a sudden there was a flyer on my front door to this church I thought like God was speaking to me this church has saved my life Pastor Susan Pastor Robin everybody in this church has saved my life and I'm not just saying that metaphorically!!!GOD IS GREAT!! B.
5	This is a great non-dominational church.  The pastors are great and really aim to reach people and see them come into a full and deep relationship with Jesus Christ.  The weekend services typically last about 70 minutes. They have good music, inspirational videos, and inspiring messages preaching the word of God!  They have great children program designed for every age group during all their services.
