5	I am new to Scottsdale and Delta Pilates and this is a fantastic studio and the owner Alexis, who did my first private session, is knowledgeable, exceptionally professional and builds your confidence while she gently corrects what needs work.  My experience with Pilates studio's has been positive both in California and Connecticut - but Delta Pilates is in a class by itself.  I am fairly new to Pilates but I know this practice will always be part of my life and I'm sooooo lucky to have found what Alexis has created with Delta Pilates.  Go!!!!!!  You will be glad you did this for yourself.
5	Alexis is a true professional.  She has a deep knowledge of the human body & the practice of Pilates. And, she makes it FUN with her constant encouragement & attention to detail:-). She has helped me tremendously!  Highly recommended Delta Pilates.  I can't imagine my life without Pilates, or Alexis!
5	If you are serious about Pilates, and the change it can make in your body, please hear this.  I have been doing pilates for 10 years.  The last 2 years have been with Alexis, and my pilates practice has completely elevated.   If I can tell you anything, I will tell you that not all pilates trainers are alike.  They may charge you the same, but where most are only qualified to teach on one or maybe 2 pieces of equipment, Alexis is certified  to teach at the most advanced level on every piece of pilates equipment, and is, in fact, a trainer of pilates trainers.  Until you try training with a teacher/trainer,  such as Alexis, you won't understand that you probably aren't getting the full benefit of pilates.  I train with Alexis several times per week, and I am constantly seeing, feeling, and loving the difference that Alexis and advanced pilates is making for me.  Whether you need rehabilitation, or if you are trying to transform your body, your money will be best spent with the most qualified trainer.  Alexis is amazing.  A beautiful person, passionate about helping people, sharing her pilates knowledge to the pilates community, and dedicated to helping each of her clients meet their health and fitness goals.  Delta Pilates is a wonderful, safe place to train.  The best equipment, and the most qualified trainer in the valley. I am a lucky pilates girl to have Alexis and Delta Pilates in my life.
5	I am a Pilates beginner (one year) and more than happy with the training and philosophy at Delta Pilates. Alexis has a natural instinct to support my fitness goals and does it in a way that motivates me to keep going. If you're committed to the practice, she will create an ongoing platform to make it fun yet focused. I often get frustrated with my body's limitations but she finds alternative options and has the gift of patience! In the past year, I've made a lot of progress with abdominal strength, articulation and endurance. She also taught me how to properly breath with a workout to gain the maximum performance. The studio has the latest equipment, a friendly staff and treats customers in a great way! They make it about your goals which is refreshing when compared to other facilities who don't personalize the experience. Thank you!
