3	Let me preface this review by saying that I'm not wild about Mexican but on food alone, I would award a 4. All the food was very flavorful. The bf got an enchalada (sp?) and I had grilled chicken in a pumpkin seed sauce. Both were bursting with flavor. I wasn't wild about my sauce but I think that was my fault for ordering so much out of my comfort zone. My issue with this place was the service. It was a pretty busy night but it took the waiter about half an hour to get me a coke. I doubt I could have gotten a refill had the manager not asked about our meal. If you do go here, expect slow service if it's busy. Oh, and get a margarita! They looked amazing and I regret not getting one myself.
4	Food: 5+ stars (amazing, unique, everything is delicious)Service: 3 stars (great, but slooww)Here's a bit of irony: Eat here, drink here, but don't get the margaritas...The food here rocks. I visit Waterloo every few months, and have been to Margaritas a number of times - and each time marveled at how good the food is. I've tried numerous things, but here are my top choices, in no particular order: the Mole Chicken, Enchiladas (don't miss the chorizo one! - although the rest of the options are great too), the Tacos are superb,  and the Guacamole is perfect.To put my review in a bit of perspective, I'm from the Southeastern US - we have Mexican restaurants on every corner (both cheap, authentic places and some upscale versions) - and I adore Mexican food. Margarita's wins above all of them for authentic, beautifully prepared, delicious Mexican cuisine.The downfall: the margaritas are actually terrible here. I've had one good one, four horrible ones and stopped trying after that. The upside is that the Sangria is great, and they've gone plenty of other beverage choices in the beer and wine they offer. Stick with anything but one of their margaritas.I hate to see the other mediocre reviews, because I really do hope this place stays around. I'm a loyal (out of town) patron!
4	My wife and recently came back from a California vacation, where we experienced amazing burritos at a place in Escondido, and so we wanted to see what was available locally that would come close. This place indeed does come very close. The food is delicious and very authentic. We actually chose take-out, which they also do, but I realized based on the atmosphere in the restaurant that we would also have enjoyed dining in. My only negative point is around the value for the money: they should either increase portion sizes somewhat, or reduce prices. $14 for a burrito, even though it was great, is a little steep for its size. We would definitely go back, though.
2	Probably one of the least delicious Mexican restaurants I've been too. Firstly, i love Mexican food because of the vegetarian options. I believe Margarita's has only two options, enchiladas or tacos. Ive only had the enchilada but when its priced at $15 chances are i won't try them a third time. The first time i visited this restaurant I was so unimpressed i had to give them a second chance. Even sitting on their lovely patio didn't win me over. Its over priced and uninspired. I'd rather go to taco bell.
2	Not surprised that they've gone under. Bad service and no lunch menu - who wants a huge $25-30 dinner entree at 12 p.m.?
1	Closed
