4	I was really impressed at the more authentic offerings of Chinese cuisine (particular Hunan and Szechuan).  The interior is very humble but the food is delicious.  We had ordered from the Hunan section of the menu, just beware it is very spicy.  The service was better than I expected from a Chinese restaurant.
5	One of the best spicy authentic Chinese food you could find in Pittsburgh!
5	The best authentic Chinese style restaurant I've tried in Pittsburgh! The food is amazing and you get plenty of it in any order. The service is always fast and friendly. Every dish I've tried here always hits the spot. For a restaurant serving Hunan food, I'd say the spice level is very reasonable-very flavorful and hot but the spiciness never take over your palate. My boyfriend and I come here at least once or twice a week since it opened a while back and we've yet to taste anything subpar.
4	Unquestionably the best Chinese food in Pittsburgh, and the best Chinese food that I've had outside of Flushing, NY. Hunan Bar serves American Chinese, Hunan, and Sichuan style dishes (with at least 30 dishes from each cuisine). I ordered the Stir-Fry Pork Belly. It came with green peppers, scallions (cut in a way such that they absorbed the sauce and had a very pleasant flavor), deliciously sweet black beans, and 'hot spicy' red peppers. Both the flavor and spicy of the dish were outstanding. The dish also came with perfectly sticky steamed rice which absorbed the oil from the dish and added another filling yet tasty element to the meal.In addition to the extensive menu, they have canned soy milk and jelly drinks. I suppose these are helpful in suppressing the spiciness of some of the dishes. (Some of the authentic dishes can probably be prepared very spicy).Overall, the dishes were more expensive than the other Chinese restaurants in the area, but the quality is superior.Also, the staff was helpful and friendly. I would rate Hunan Bar 4.5 stars if I could.
3	Hole in the wall but the food is very good.
5	Haven't tried every single Chinese restaurant in Pittsburgh, but I dare say this is among the top ones. The food here is authentic Chinese style and even better than some restaurants in China. I love the fish here sooooo much! And you should gather more four people for dinner so that you can share several kinds of dishes at the same time.The price is about 15 bucks for a meal on average and that's a little bit expensive for a student without income. So I usually come here when I have something to celebrate or I want to eat fish so badly.
4	I'm usually more of a Taiwanese noodles and dumplings type of chinese restaurant-goer, but we had a pretty good experience with this place on our first visit.All of their dishes seemed pretty authentic for szechuan and hunan food and they have a very large selection of items to choose from.  We were only able to try a few dishes this time, since the portions are really big.  But, we're definitely going to go back and try other things.Favorite dish so far was:  Spicy Eggplant - good balance of sweet and spicy and the Seafood tofu
4	This restaurant/bar is situated on Atwood, close to Forbes. It is a combination Cuban and Chinese food restaurant. I had been there before for the Cuban food, which is very good, if you like Cuban please see the reviews for Black Bean. Walking into the establishment, you wouldn't think you were going to get an authentic gourmet meal. It is on the second floor of a building that reminds you of a shoddy college apartment interior. The carpet is of the indoor/outdoor variety. The tables and chairs are the kind you would find in a cafeteria. The flat screen TV blares the news or a game show and the lighting is fluorescent. However, it is also packed with people speaking Mandarin (good sign). In fact the waitstaff mostly speak Mandarin as well (another good sign). There are Chinese food and Cuban food menus. On the Chinese food menus, you will find classic Sichuan dishes such as Ma Pow tofu and Chong Ching Chicken. There are also dishes that come from other types of Chinese cooking, such as normal Cantonese dishes (broccoli shrimp, cashew chicken) My wife and I had recently been to the Sichuan province (Cheng Du) and deeply enjoyed the food we had there. Usually "Spicy" at chinese restaurants just means a subtle kick, but anything labelled "Spicy" on the menu here is a SEA of fresh toasted red chilli peppers and sweet firey happiness.   A seafood hot pot (prepared in the kitchen) was ordered, it came out in a large bowl absolutely stuffed with vegetables and seafood, made in the non spicy fashion. The broth was homemade and did not taste as though it came from a packet, the seafood was fresh and well prepared. My wife ordered the Ma Pow Tofu. It came out in a pie dish floating in chili oil with freshly grated peppercorns, firm tofu, and mountains of ground pork.  The staff didn't speak great English, but we didn't have trouble communicating and the service was fast and friendly.We've been to many Sichuan restaurants in the states and this was the most delicious and authentic Sichuan food we've had since visiting Sichuan.  Close your eyes and let your taste buds transport you to the best in asian cuisine.  I can't give it a 5 because once you open your eyes, you'll see that you're still in a run down undecorated dive, but atmosphere aside, the food is as good as you're going to find this side of the Atlantic.
5	Huge portions. Amazing food. Lots of non-traditional Asian food to choose from. The beef and ox tripe in a garlic chili sauce had to be in my top 10 foods I have ever eaten. Enjoy!!!
5	Best authentic Chinese food in Pittsburgh as far as I can tell. You wouldn't necessarily know it from the outside (or inside), but this hidden gem serves seriously amazing food. They have a seperate Americanized menu as well but I'd highly recommend the adventurous authentic dishes. The pork belly is now on my list of all-time favorate meals and the chili pot is quite good as well. Don't focus too much on the names of the dishes, most everything is excellent. I have heard from others that the cuban food is great as well, although I have not tried it myself. Service is excellent and the prices are quite fair.
5	I'm here on business so that means I'm here sans wife and kids.  This is definitely not a place we'd have looked at twice if I had the family in tow.Firstly, their sign says "Chinese and Cuban Food" which usually isn't something that I'm going to even give a second glance.  Stick to one cuisine -- generally speaking when people try to dabble in different cuisines none of them are done extremely well.Truth be told I was out on a quest for Mexican food I found on yelp.  But, both restaurants closed at 7pm and I was out looking at a few minutes after 7 so this place caught my eye.I can't tell you how the cuban food tastes; but, I had something called the "Hunan Fried Rice" which is house special of sorts.It was amazing.  It had eggs and bacon in it along with quite a bit of other flavors.  A bit of a language barrier -- I asked for no mushrooms and the waitress thought I was asking for no hot sauce.  But, they brought some on the side and just a little bit of it did the trick.  It was very very hot.Point is I loved the place and glad I stopped in.  It was within my budget also.
3	This place used to be a Korean restaurant, I loved that one. Now it became this two in one restaurant( Chinese+Cuban) I am Chinese so I will only focus on the Chinese part.They claim they can make authentic Hunan cuisine. This is not true, it is really some Americanized Sichuan cuisine. The Mao braised pork is the signature dish for Hunan cuisine, it should be tender, the spice should mitigate the grease from pork. But their version is over cooked and very greasy. They also make Malatang which is another signature food for Hunan cuisine.  It should let you pick what you want from a list of vegetables and meats, and they cook them in a chili broth for you, like Hot Pot. But here they just make it as a noodle bowl. You can't choose, and it's just spicy.
1	The food in this restaurant is ok, but the service attitude is suck. Especially one waitress in this restaurant, she is so strict and never smile. She looks like my professor Mr. Kolenich because both of them seem to have a bad mood all the time.If you love Chinese food, I recommend this restaurant to you, but you should better take out. Also, customers cannot choose the amount of tip because they will charge the tip automatically if you pay by card. Anyway, i don't like this restaurant, and i won't go to this restaurant anymore.
1	The food are not genuine Chinese at all, though they are spicy. The service is not good. I won't go there again.
5	As a Chinese, I really love this little restaurant, just like eating at home.
2	Bubble tea here is pretty decent. However, it was the waitresses that justify this rating. Although it was amusing for me to watch, they usually ended up confusing up the orders and us when we asked for suggestions. Also the Chinese cuisine was pretty eh. I've had better Chinese fare and noodles at other places. They do have a Cuban menu if people are interested in that, although I can't really comment on how good the fare from that menu is.
2	This place does both Cuban and Chinese food. Weird, yes I know, but the Cuban is really good. On this occasion I asked the waitress about her favorite dish on the menu. It was the crispy fried tofu with basil mushrooms and something else. The way that she went on and on raving about it I was like ok! Count me in on this dish. When I got it, disgusting. It was not crispy and just loaded with a salty sauce that was overwhelming. I was not thrilled. I didn't even eat the entire dish! And if anyone knows me, that is a pretty big deal. I know that they are trying to get away from Cuban, but I would suggest everyone to stay with that menu not the other one.
4	I was pleasantly surprised. The food is here is at least as good, and a nice change, from what we get over in Squirrel Hill. My favorites were eggplant and fish casserole, and beggar's chicken (chicken dry fried in red peppers and sichuan peppercorns). The cumin beef was also solid. They have a liquor license which is also a nice change in Pittsburgh. As a bonus they had a table next to a fish tank which kept my daughter entertained for  nearly 30 minutes.We will definitely be back - we are dying to try the Cuban food.
