4	Start with bad first THEY ALLOW SMOKING INSiDE!!!! But im from la so were so not used to it, Arrived at this place after midnight on a Saturday night it was popping! Good hip hop playing but the Spanish never came!!! Well it did but until 2am??? Why!!!!!! It would have been awesome a little sooner not only that the person that performed on stage live couldn't rap or sing! Not appealing to look at or hear just wasted a good 45 mins of dancing time all and all drinks were good well priced big dance floor.
4	This place is pretty sweet, good music, good atmosphere, the staff is really nice.-1 star because it's a bit off the strip. It's not too bad though, about a $10 cab ride to the strip.
4	I am seriously so proud of this place, they have really got their sh*t together now. I remember coming here years ago and thinkin "I will never come back"... But with the latin clubs in town are so scarce I decided to give it another try.I am now a HUGE fan of this place. Went on a Saturday night, this place gets crackin around 11:30, but get there early so that you can get a nice-FREE- table to sit at. It is a very spacious area. They even have a stage for live bands. The dance floor is decent but if I had to complain it would be that the dance floor itself had some cracks and holes in it, which is not good when you have 3 to 4 inch heels ;bThe music played: Reggaton, salsa, cumbia, merengue, bachata, old school, new school, YOU name it. The crowd is mixed- older to young. The drinks are not that expensive. Sunday nights is BANDA- yeahhhhhh buddy!!
3	Well first of all the club was ok for my first time being there. There was more women then men. That's always bad. The smoking in the club should be a big hell no cause that turned our group of 11 away. The DJ was cool but too many slow songs. I was try it again on a Friday or saturday night!
3	Had a blast here on Friday night!  The door staff was great, music was fun, crowd was awesome.  But the drinks...well, that was another story.  I'm kind of a two-drink max type of girl.  No tolerance for alcohol really, and after four margaritas I wasn't even feeling it.  Stiff pricing on weak drinks.  No matter though, I will come again.  I just won't be spending my money at the bar!
2	The music is a variety the drinks are mostly juice. I orders two cranberry and vodka at $7 each and they where both watered down w little vodka. Also we ordered buckets of beer but every time we stood up to dance the staff would clear the tables even with beer still in the bottles. We literally could not leave our table without bottles jacked!
4	Great music! Always have a great time here.. Sexy ladies! Great service! And I always feel safe here so that's a plus.. And major improvements! New look!
1	Did not get to dance! Tried to attend a Friday night Latin dance party as posted on their website and they were charging $40 for a concert instead. Tried to send us to La Jolla Tavern and only 6 people were there. A waste of a Friday night!
