5	The ONLY place to buy good beer for a reasonable price in Vegas.  So many great deals and so many delicious IPAs and microbrews.  The selection is always changing, and they usually have some deal where if you pay cash, a 6-pack of yummy nectar is only $4.99!  Some recent $4.99 deals have included Indica IPA, Full Sail IPA, and Fire Rock Pale Ale.  Why pay more?  They also have a ton of wine & liquor of course but I go there for the beer.  Cheapest place around and best selection.  I think this Rancho location is bigger than the others too.
5	This place is like the costco of liquer stores it has everything you need from beers to wine and all the booze you can think of and it is a good price also. we always stop by this place to get everclear and booze for the hotel room they also sell cigars there to.
5	Good selection, great prices, friendly staff - what more do you want in a liquor store?!
3	I keep seeing these awsome commercials for Lee's discount liquor and decided to pop in to check it out.  I could not find the virtual bartender at this location.  Not saying they don't have one, just didn't find it.  I searched for airplane size bottles but didn't notice them until I checked out because they were stocked in a corner of the store.  Three bucks for one gulp doesn't scream "discount" to me.  I couldn't find the size bottles I wanted, but they did have a huge selection.
4	This is a really great place to buy all your liquior needs! Its cheap and most definitely a spot if your friends are out in vegas and need to pre game before heading out of the hotel. Theres a bunch located in vegas!
4	One of the oldest Lee's, it has seen better days, but they have recently made some improvement inside and being so close to the Draft House, helps as well.Although not the best craft beer selection, they have a very good one, and I can usually find most of the Stone and other specialty beers.  My biggest complaint would be they run out of Anchor Steam too often.
4	Closest Lee's to the house and this has been the shabbiest one I've been to. Now, ambiance isn't too important since you're getting drinks and getting out but those aisles are narrow. I had to not move while I was looking at a beer shelve or else someone passing would get elbowed or I'd get a shopping cart to the hip. Makes it hard because behind you is the fridge so people are opening doors as well which block the way (see pic). I give it a positive rating because the beers looked full and I don't think the craft beers have as heavy a turnover at this location (even though it's right next to a brewery) as a high volume store like the Lake Mead one or Green Valley. More beers= more for us. We walked out with:Rogue Dry Hopped St Rogue Red- which has been the BFs favorite lately. 14th anniversary Stone Emperial IPADogfish Head Burton Baton (I see people are buying the year round stuff because of the show which is pretty amazing to me).Happy haul, so can't complain too much.
4	Always have what I need and want!! Those little shooter things are amazing and the gag gifts at the register are Hilarious and prefect for stocking stuffers,easter baskets and bachelorette parties!! you have to see what i am talking about!! hehe!! :D
4	Lee's Discount Liquor is exactly  what the name says... A place where you can get your liquor (and beer) for a discount. They have a much larger selection than your local grocery store for both wine and liquor, generally at a cheaper price. But don't expect to get a ton of help. I've been in liquor stores where employees can answer any question you have. Here, the only employee I saw was the cashier, who admitted to knowing nothing about the bourbons I was deciding between. Instead, I turned to my smart phone and got the answers I needed. I was excited, as they have pear cider. Smith's only carries apple, and only 2 brands at that. The wine selection seemed nice, but I have a 2-buck chuck palette, so I can't speak to the quality of their wine selection. The price range seems to suggest many quality options but you never really know with wine.Overall, I give Lee's a 4-star review. That they are locally owned is a plus, as is the sheer quantity of options. The lack of help was a bit disappointing, and the reason I cannot give them a 5-star rating. I will be back the next time I want to try a new liquor.
5	If I were to buy a home in Las Vegas it would have to be around Rancho and Craig because it's next to two great establishments, The Draft House and Lee's Discount Liquor.    But then again I'm not sure my liver would stand for that.   Lee's is awesome.   They have a great selection of beers, wines and spirits at very reasonable prices.    The staff has been friendly, but I've found it to be more fun to walk up and down the aisles to see what goodies they have for sale.    The last time I was there bought a Delirium Tremens and an Arrogant Bastard.    Mmmm mmmm...  good to find them both in the same spot.   Will I be back?  Of course I will.
3	Their prices are decent, and they have a relatively okay selection of beer/wine/spirits, but I was fairly put off by the fact that neither one of the employees on duty had ever heard of Lillet or Aperol. I realize that French and Italian apertifs are a little off the beaten path, but this IS a liquor store. No?
3	I was as lost wandering down the aisles of this Lee's as I am driving down the streets of this side of town. The aisle markers are not updated yet since they reorganized their wine section. Other than that, the employees walking around the facility are all friendly and helped guide me in the right direction. Most of the time, Lee's is the place to stock up for any party. The prices are some of the lowest of any liquor store.
3	I frequent this store only because it's closer to my house than any other. The prices are low and the selection is usually ample. I have had to go elsewhere for the whipped cream vodka and the Godiva Liqueur when they've run out before.
4	A quick stop at Lee's and the weekend is underway. The selection is large, but the aisles are not. You've got to be careful walking through here or a serious party foul is in order. I was impressed with the friendly staff as I watched their interaction with the customers. They carry Tito's vodka, which was so highly recommended by a friend that I had to grab a bottle and give it go. The beer at Lee's is some of the coldest in town. A return trip is definitely in order.
5	PROS: This Lee's is pretty big and has a really good selection of all things alcohol! My favorite part about this location is that it has a huge selection of beers and a sizable collection of sake, and other foreign drinks.CONS: Be careful, I've seen many a people knock over bottles in this place; it's so overstocked that bottles are practically hanging off the edges of shelves.
3	Years ago, when I lived in Las Vegas, I felt that Lee's was the place to go for all of my needs; pertaining to alcohol that is. However, on my most recent trip back to Las Vegas, I stopped in, hoping to grab some beer for a family gathering - only to leave wondering how I could ever have felt that way ... The craft beer aisle was basically one row if you don't include what was in the coolers. Management must not have contracts with the breweries because the selection was very limited. If I wanted some wine or some of the "hard" stuff, that wouldn't have been an issue. Prices were definitely better than the local grocery stores for the beer I could compare however, Lee's cannot compare to the stores I now frequent to find my adult beverages. I will say, the staff is friendly and helpful. I was approached twice, by two different employees asking if I needed any help finding something.
5	Classic Lee's....superb quality, great selection, cheap prices. East side or Northwest it doesn't matter they always deliver.
1	If I could give them a zero or a negative number I would. Don't get me wrong the selection is excellent. But the customer service is absolutely terrible. Let me explain. I went to Lee's liquor to purchase some libations. While I was standing in line my attention was drawn to a cashier calling out to a middle aged woman, "Ma'am you forgot you bag". By this time the woman had already neared the exit. I then witnessed said woman stumble back toward the cashiers counter, almost taking down a wine display and hugging a glass display case for dear life, barely able to stay on her feet. I looked at the cashier checking out my purchase with concern and stated,"I think that woman needs help sir". He shrugged without any compassion or concern for her current state. He didn't even bother to look her way. I asked aloud to all three employees who were present and viewing this incident, "Is anyone going to help this women she is clearly to intoxicated to purchase liquor let alone get behind the wheel". They said nothing. I stated to the clerk ringing my purchase, "Isn't this illegal? She can't even walk. Can you at the least offer her some water?". He stated, "We don't care. That's not our problem. It's only illegal in a bar". Then he cracked a smile as if he was amusing. Totally sickening. I was in total shock that they actually sold this poor woman liquor and allowed her to get on the road in that condition. Lee's Liquor you are disgusting. I understand you are a business and the main goal in business is to turn a profit, but at what cost? The lives of your customers and others? Shame on you Lee's Liquor. You are the scum of the Earth.
3	I'll start by saying that Lee's is not my favorite liquor store. However, this location is convenient as I live nearby. I just don't like the atmosphere in any given Lee's. It's sterile and feels somewhat shady. I feel like I am a degenerate shopping here. Although they have a decent selection of what I need, they offer nothing extra. I shop here only out of convenience of the location.
4	As a person who has lived in Utah her whole life, Lees liquor was an alcoholic HEAVEN.The selection at Lees is absolutely amazing. I spent about an hour just walking up and down the aisles, in pure awe that alcohol in that many different flavors and styles existed. It was truly mind blowing to compare a Vegas liquor store to a Utah liquor store. I probably don't have to say this, but I'll never be happy with Utah's liquor selection again.I ended up stocking up on a bunch of alcohol that I couldn't get at home, and went to check out. The cashier was friendly, and we ended up having a discussion about I how we both have Misfits tattoos. He was knowledgable and helpful. For how much liquor I bought, the prices weren't too bad either. It was a great trip, and I had a ton of fun sampling everything that I had bought.I do agree with the previous review stating that it's easy to knock over bottles. I personally didn't knock any over, but I came close once or twice. Be careful.
4	A great lees location! Great deals and they have a huge selection if whatever you are looking for! From beers to wine to cognac! Store is clean and the workers were very helpful! I asked about a new crown royal and was told they did not have it. But what surprise me was that the worker went and researched it and got back to me and figured out that it is not released yet. Blew me away. For an unexpected stop this location was great!  They had a lot of deals like $3.99 wines! We ended up with four bottles of moscato (our own wine tasting)  with fat cat, seven daughters, the naked grape, and rex goliath! All were great we started with the naked grape and it was good! Smooth fruity and slightly sweet! The red goliath was on the tart side less sweet and a little more of that alcohol essence. The fat cat was great! Fruity sweet and smooth! The seven daughters was a bubbly moscato and was by far our favorite! It was sweet, and tasted like a dessert of wine! Overall very happy and will return for more stuffs!!
1	Lee's has a great selection of items that you can't find at a typical grocery/convenient store. It's a little more pricey in my opinion, but it's the closest option. They probably deserve about three stars, but I'm deducting a couple due to their lack of service and professionalism.I went to Lee's a few days ago for ginger beer and wine. I couldn't find the wine on the wine aisle, so I looked for help. Conversation follows:Me: excuse me can you please me find... (Interrupted)Employee: oh the Hennessy.. It's behind the counter.Me: wow.. Because I'm black? I'm actually I'm looking for wine. Employee: follow meThis was my first experience ever being racially profiled. I mad it known that he made me feel uncomfortable in a very calm matter, but there was no apology. Nothing. Completely disgusting. I asked to speak to a manager, and it turns out the employee was the manager. I will never shop at any Lee's again.
