3	Butter + Burger = The best thing I've put in my mouth in a long while.I didn't know anything about Culver's until a co-worker told me about their ButterBurgers. She didn't have to explain. I was sold. I decided to come here for lunch and it was BUSY but you know what, we didn't have a issue finding parking and the service was fast. I got a Cheese ButterBurger Basket (comes with fries and a drink) for $6. You do have to specify what you want with your burger, so I had to stop and think about it since most burger joints just put everything in it.My food came and gone in a New York minute. I was hungry! But It also helped that the food was fresh and delicious. The burger meat was thinner than others and looks hand-pressed, not frozen patties. Reminds me of In N Out or that nice backyard bbq burger. The crinkle fries are nothing extraordinary but at least they weren't bad. Since I finished my food so fast, I had to try their frozen custard. After minutes of wavering and fickleness, I settled with the double scoop Turtle ($4). The cup was handed to me and and I could feel the warm caramel. I couldn't wait to dig in.. and I didn't. We took the frozen custard to-go but I finished half of it before making it to the car. The custard was thick, creamy and the walnuts were perfectly roasted. I saved the cherry for last. Oh yeah- We were given calendars while we waited in line and they come pre-loaded with coupons for each month. As if I needed anymore enticement. I saw a lot of  things on the menu that I wanted to try, like their dinners (prime rib sandwiches, fried chicken and green beans). I'll have to start at a 3-star and let the other menu items earn the others.
2	The butter burger, definitely the standout here. It has the buttery taste of a diner burger, a la Pie & Burger, but slightly more processed.Tried the fried cheese curd and they left a lot to be desired. Nothing compared to having fresh fried cheese curd in Wisconsin. They are over battered and taste like cheese product was injected into batter shells (yuck).On a positive note the house root beer is good.
5	Awesome just like the other Culver's. High quality fast food in a comfortable environment. Can't go wrong.
3	I gave Culver's another shot. I wanted to see if they could convince me that they can earn more stars but I think 3 stars is where they will stay. I had their chicken dinner tonight and got a flashback to cafeteria-style school lunches. The  meal comes with 2 pieces of fried chicken, a choice of 2 sides (I chose mash and green beans) and a roll.The green beans were flavor-less, the mash was less than good, the roll was cold and Fry's had better fried chicken. The only thing that saved the night was the frozen custard. Always a treat. I had the caramel cashew tonight. Yum Yum.
3	This Culver's location just opened up in my neighborhood so I ventured in.  The entire staff was working.  They were completely over staffed.  I guess it is better to be safe than sorry for a grand opening.  There was not a line so I walked right up to the cashier and ordered a Deluxe Double Burger.  I was up sold from fries to cheese curds.  I asked the cashier were this business started and she told me Wisconsin.  She tried to sell me custard too.  I said no.  I took my number, went to the soda fountain and filled my cup with Culver's own Root Beer.  I sat down and waited for my burger and cheese curds.  Of course the place was clean, it is brand new.  (Lets see if it stays that way)  They have a large flat screen that was playing sports.  The walls had Biblical quotes from Proverbs.  Am I in the banquet hall from the church next door?  I quickly looked under my cup to see if there were anymore quotes.  No quotes.  It did have a question though.  "What flavor are you?"  Gee!! I don't know, Spicy Mexican maybe.  My burger came and it was wet with oil or butter or water.  It was juicy.  Not a bad burger but not great.  The cheese curds were nice.  I like cheese, and the fact that it is battered and deep fried is all the more sinful.  My arteries were screaming at me and saying "why are you eating this?"  I enjoyed the Root Beer.  I went for a refill on my way out.  The total for my meal was $7.79.  I will go back to Culver's but not often.  My craving for cheese curd will have to kick in for me to go back.  A-OK.
1	Yuck!! totally not going back. Mcdonalds way bette than this. and I'm shocked someone compared this to In N Out...no way! I wish it were in n out
4	If you are from the Midwest...then this place is a little piece of home. The food is great and the service is impeccable. I have a Culver's in my hometown of Marquette, Michigan but can honestly say that I have never ever been there, due to the fact they came to town after I moved to AZ...but all my friends back home swear by it and as soon as this place opened up, my buddy here from Chicago swore by it up and down, he said that he was really happy that one opened up so close to him because he normally drives to the one location in Mesa at least once a month to get his fix so with all this raving I had to go try it out. I got the Mushroom n Swiss single with cheddar cheese fries and a strawberry smoothie...REAL CHEESE...OMG REAL CHEESE...amazing. To say the least the burger was good, the cheese chili fires are a heart attack in a tray and the smoothie was outstanding. I will say this about Culver's even though I enjoyed it thoroughly if you are on a diet this is not the place for you, almost everything on their menu has upwards of 600 calories or more...in fact I saw some things like their 4 piece fried chicken has over 2000 calories. So not a great place for dieters...it doesn't help either that they sell pints and quarts of their ice cream to go....by the way which is also delicious. What I felt was nice about this location is that you can sit inside and they open up the front of the store with these huge bay doors to out door seating which allowed for a cool night breeze to come in and you feel like you sitting outdoors indoors. Great big TV's with sports on...and a ton of staff to basically take care of your every need while you eat.Culver's is definitely worth the visit. The food is great and the service is untouchable for a fast food place. If you have never been I highly suggest going at least once to check it out.
2	I went into this restaurant wanting to like it. I received a coupon and had seen it being built on Camelback in my neighborhood for awhile now. Whats not to like about a butter burger right? Its a modern fast food joint with flat screens, free wifi, and even a garage door in front that was pulled up to create an indoor/outdoor atmosphere. Our food was delivered to our table and we enjoyed our burgers. Although, I have to say, I knocked down my rating a star as I read new testament bible verses painted on all the walls. I have had better burgers and fries at other places, but not had to attend Sunday school at the same time. The ambience rating took a big hit thus bringing down the overall score! Anyone know why they chose bible verses to adorn their walls?
2	I've gone to Culver's twice on my lunch hour since writing my last review. I have to say my second and third experience was not as good as the first. While the food is still easily the best chain fast food out there, the service leaves much to be desired. Both times I sat waiting 40 minutes for my food while confused staff members walked around aimlessly with people's orders trying to figure out what belonged with who. Unlike the other Culver's locations I have been to, the staff at this location are not very friendly. They act overly friendly as if they have been told it is part of their job. But it comes off as insincere and even a bit patronizing. (Is there anything worse than being patronized by a snot-nosed teenage fast food worker?)If you want to try out a Culver's, I recommend avoiding this one and going to the one on Peoria or  the one on Deer Valley.
2	I have been to the Culver's in Surprise and it made me sick beyond reason so it was probably not too smart of me to try eating at this one, but multiple yelpers told me that the Surprise one was the worst and that I should try another one - so here I am.I don't get this place.  The menu is huge.  It is some weird hybrid of an A&W mixed with Long John Silvers and a KFC.  I wasn't feeling adventurous enough to try sea food or fried chicken so I went with a basic single patty cheese burger, small fries, and small drink.  Let's start with the fries.  They are crinkle-cut which makes them look cool but they taste bland.  There is so little flavor in these fries, they might as well have been made of tofu instead of potatoes.The drink? Culver's Root Beer.  Nothing to get excited about and not nearly as good as an A&W or Barq's.Finally, the burger.  Most burgers come in patty form.  You would expect your burger to have some meatiness to it.  You would expect something juicy.  Not at Culver's.  Here, they give you a beef chip.  Literally this is a piece of meat that has been flattened to the size of the bun.  Unfortunately, they must have started with a really small ball of meat because my burger was only a millimeter thick and was crispy - like a potato chip.  I have included a picture.  Not only was it thin and crispy but it wasn't very good.  The burger was really just a disaster of an attempt at fast food.I will not go back here.  Fool me once...
4	It tastes just like home (Wisconsin)! Butter burgers, custard, cheese curds and Walleye fish dinners ... ding, ding, ding, ding!  All in a fast food restaurant that can't be beat IMHO (narrowly beating on In & Out Burger).Some complained about the service but I've had nothing but TOP NOTCH service here. The last time I was here a girl came around offering free custard samples and another staffer came around asking if everything was okay (try to get that service in any other fast food restaurant!).And full disclosure ... I'm from Wisconsin which is where this franchise orginated so I maybe a little biased ...
2	I love Culver's.  Their burgers are among my favorite, the cheese curds are delicious, and their peanut butter Concrete Mixer is sinful.  Unfortunately, service at this location is exceptionally lacking.  I placed a drive-thru order for the food items mentioned above last week during the lunch hour.  I was asked to pull forward to wait for my meal, and I waited... and waited... and waited.  I waited for a full 20 minutes before my meal was brought out to me, only to find it was incorrect.  The server who brought the food out to me stared at me like he didn't know what I was saying and then told me I was mistaken.  When he saw I was, indeed, correct, he took my food bank in and I waited another five minutes for my meal.  At that point, already late getting back to work, I left.  Imagine my dismay when I got back to my desk and discovered my meal was wrong yet again.  It was my fault for not checking once again before leaving, I know, but seriously?  I'll stick with the Metrocenter location despite it being a few miles out of my way.
2	Ugh, these places are terrible.  I'm not really sure why the husband and I decided to give them another shot, maybe because they're in a nicer part of town or maybe we were just being nice, who knows.  We decided to go inside the restaurant this time to see what they were all about and it's just a little overwhelming and quite a bit claustrophobic.  There is so much going on in here, with a huge backlit menu above the registers, a good number of TV's blasting some basketball game, and the cacophony going on in the kitchen.  After about 10 minutes of trying to figure the menu out, we decide to order and then wait about another 10 minutes while the guy pushing the buttons figured out how to do a stupid cheeseburger with just mayo and ketchup.We waited a little while for our food to come out and the same look of disappointment from my last experience spread across my face when I saw my burger.  I got an ill formed patty with ridiculously cripsy edges and haphazard construction.  I ate it and it really sucked.  At least I didn't get sick this time.  The only good things about this place are their fried cheese curds and some promising concrete flavors.  Aside from those two things, I will never eat anything else from here again.
4	This was my first trip to Culver's and it came highly recommended. At my friends suggestion, I tried the butter burger deluxe, fried cheese curd and the.....I forgot what it was called, but the frozen custard - basically the equivalent of a DQ Blizzard.The burger patties were paper thin (thus the reason I ordered the double), the lettuce was crisp, tomatoes fresh, bun soft and buttery. I thoroughly enjoyed my burger. Very flavorful!I had never had fried cheese curd and had no idea what to expect. The closest thing I can think to compare these to would be mozzarella sticks. They are about the size of a grape, and full of salty cheesy goodness.The custard was delicious! I had the vanilla with butterscotch and oreos (I ordered butterscotch and brownie pieces, but there was a mixup, but I had no complaints).I really loved everything I had. The menu is big and I can't wait to go next time so I can try something new. The thing I didn't like was the bible verses all over the walls.Seriously?? It's not that I am anti-religion or anything. I am Catholic, went to Brophy and go to church twice a year. I don't need it thrown in my face while trying to eat with my friends. take a tip from In and Out. Put them on the under side of your cups. Work on your subtlety Culver's.
4	I scream, you scream, we all scream for... Custard? You get the point.  Mmmm Mmmm Good!
3	I was watching a Judge Judy show today and JJ was really giving the business to this loser (you know...had bad credit, met a chick, she took a credit card in her name, he didn't pay her back, she's shocked, now they're in court)...she was RIDING his ass. It was awesome. Finally she said "what planet are you from?"...Dude with mullet bows his head, darts his eyes from JJ and says "Why, I'm from Wisconsin Judge Judy".LMAO!Culver's, by way of the Dairy State, has settled on Camelback and Central. Rickie and I ate here after seeing Date Night on our "date night". Thought it was a cute, innocent, 1950s way to wrap up our afternoon. You know, kinda like Richie and Laurie Beth. Please, I need to check ID's on this reference. I'm sure Rickie wouldn't pass this one!Culver's was very clean with well trained and polite employees...think In N Out. We ordered the famous Butter Burgers along with various sides. Burgers. Yum! Sides. Ugh! Would rather have had Ore Ida. Cheese curds had a thick, icky overcooked batter with a Q tip sized cheese curd, fries were limp and sad (kind of like Jesse James career and life now) and the chicken tenders were standard fast food fare.Root Beer! Outstanding! Smoothie was OK...probably should have went with a good old fashion malt. But who knew?We had a fabulous booth across from a large open window with a fantastic Sunday breeze cooling our curds. I would go back for a burger and root beer. I might even wear a Packers or Brewers t shirt...just to see if I get some free stuff.
5	I'm from Wisconsin so Culver's is a little piece of home to me.  Midwest meats make the patties for the delicious butter burgers... yes, butter makes those burgers SOOO delicious.The dairy to make the custard is from wisconsin, the cheese curds to make the fried cheese curds are from wisconsin... it's too good!There's always vanilla custard, chocolate custard and flavor of the day.  And when I say custard I don't mean ice cream or anything like it... it's FAR better, creamier and more flavorful!  Check their website or drive by to see what the flavor of the day is.Also, join their email list and get amazing coupons!!LOVE the food. The service is great. The prices are amazing.  AND ITS ALL FROM WISCONSIN!!
5	So I'd heard of Culver's, but never eaten there until this one opened up. Wow oh wow, what a great place! I've now been there 3 or 4 times and really dig their burgers!!! The Onion Rings were totally awesome too!  I even went for the Vanilla frozen custard (actually, I ate some of my daughter's).  I usually get the bacon cheese butter burger and what a fresh, well put together burger. Dopety dope, guess who'll be back pretty soon? This guy!
4	I am a fan of Culvers, but this location is not as awesome as the ones in Minneapolis and Wisconsin.  However, good service nonetheless, excellent burgers and mmm Culvers frozen custard.  It just can't be beat.
4	I rarely ever eat fast food, but then sometimes get a craving and am pleased to find something a little more like real food than the typical Burger King/McDonald's variety.  Along comes Culver's, the perfect place to roll through the drive through for an instant reward to my junk food craving of the moment.Thinking that I'd probably have to settle on a greasy burger and fries if I didn't want a bland chicken sandwich and typical fast food salad, I was pleased to find pork tenderloin sandwiches on the menu (the other white meat that you can dunk in grease and fry) along with a range of sides.  My wife grabbed a frozen custard, I got the pork tenderloin with cole slaw, and  we both went away happy with our classic fast food selections.Don't get me wrong, this place is nothing that I'd rave endlessly about, but it does fill a huge void in its segment and I'd argue it's probably far superior to places like In N Out, with its slightly broader (yet not overwhelming) selection and what appeared from the car to be a much more thoughtful seating layout.  Not only that, but I don't think you need to believe in Jesus to order the fries here (no bible verses on the packaging).  A little religion doesn't hurt while clogging your arteries, but Culver's was homey and family style without appearing to take sides on such a big non-fast food related issue as religion.  I'm a believer.
5	Excellent all the way around! Very clean, great menu, great frozen custard, friendly service, reasonable prices....I'll never go to Micky D's again.
4	i like crispy meat patties and butter atop around surrounding the burger.  onions of the fried ring type i also like. i don't like that did not have the fried cheese curds, so i like that i'll have to swing on by this place again to pop those curds.
4	I'm increasingly not a fan of fast food franchise burgers, but Culver's has changed my mind about that. I had the bacon double cheeseburger and was astonished at how fresh the beef tasted! The bun was the perfect texture too, so I can say it was an enjoyable dining experience stuffing this delicious creation down my ravenous gullet. I'm a bit of a condiment whore, so I paid for my slathering ways by getting ketchup and mustard all over my hands and face. By the end of it, I looked like a messy baby... but it was really that good.And what would a trip to Culver's be without a dessert? Obviously, this is one of the things they are known for judging from the menu and the endless parade of customers who seemed to continuously file in for custard on this hot Phoenix summer day. I had the Bananas Foster sundae over the flavor-of-the-day (Butter Pecan) and it did not suck. My dining companion and I discussed what it was that distinguished Culver's offerings as "custard" instead of ice cream. Not knowing the exact difference in preparation, I could only guess it had something to do with the addition of eggs. Accurate or not, the consensus seemed to be that "it's got puddin' in it!"I now know when the mood strikes, I can go to Culver's to get me some righteous puddin'.
4	I'm not much of a fast food person, but I keep hearing good things about this place, so I decided today to give it a try. I ordered the butter burger, and some cheese curd things.. I'm not sure of the name because i ordered to go in a hurry. The burger was pretty good, the beef actually taste a little like beef, I was shocked.. It was actually pretty good. I'll probably come here again when I crave for another burger.
5	The only thing I can rate is the frozen custard.. I don't know anything about the other food they serve here.  It started with one scoop of vanilla custard in a dish everyday for a week.  Then, I started to crave it more and got 2 scoops... this stuff is so tasty.  I like vanilla better than chocolate and I am not interested in the flavor of the day.  I have been trying to "break the habit" of eating this stuff so finally one day I asked for a nutrition guide... turns out 1 scoop of this bliss has 308 calories (more than haagen daas).. so 2 scoops is equivalent to a one hour run... just to put it in perspective.. If you don't care about calories, this  stuff is sweet bliss in a dish!!!
3	My sweet tooth was yelling at me! I had to stop in. Four times (to date) and each time I try something different. Other than the cheese curds (which where just ok) each visit was for the frozen custard. VERY RICH and CREAMY a little goes a LOOOOONG way. I have tried a small berry sundae, a pineapple malt, and a small black cherry cheesecake concrete mixer. The sundae by far has been my favorite. I love the simplicity, the berries were not overly sweet, strangely artificially thickened. The malt was nice and malty which I really appreciated and was rather thick even after melting slightly. Now the concrete mixer was the richest of the rich. Maybe it was because I decided to go with a cheesecake flavor (to which you can add any other fruit or topping flavor). It was very tart like cream cheese (about as tart as a good Greek yogurt) with small bits of graham crumbs swirled through and of course the blackberry flavor.
4	My first experience with Culver's was visiting the in-laws in Wisconsin. It was love ever since! Usually drove to the one in Mesa, but now I have one close to home! Bacon double cheeseburger with a side of fried cheese curds is AWESOME! The food is good here. The people are even "midwestern" nice and very helpful when you need to navigate the sometimes complex menu. Place is always clean and the icing on the cake is that they have sports on usually on one of the handful of large HD tvs. The frozen Custard is a family favorite! 5 Stars for the Custard!
3	Concrete.  Mixer.
5	I once had a friend who dreamt of cheeseburgers. In fact, she described that in her dream she was standing in front of a hotel made out of a cheesburger! Drippy cheesy goodness made up the swaying curtains that pulled away from the windows. Each condiment represented a different floor of the building--and that it smelled like the bestest cheeseburger ever! The day I ate a Culvers Double Butter Burger with Bacon, I knew exactly what she was saying! Buttery Delicious Goodness are the words that come to mind! And... after surviving on a 500 cal/day diet for 3 weeks I even admit to having dreamt of a cheeseburger to this caliber! The custard is fab--the customer service is the best you'll see at a fast food place--its your down-home kinda joint--for every family to enjoy! Go in deep---and you'll come out smiling everytime at Culvers!!! :-)
5	I have never had a bad experience at Culver's.  The food is fantastic (Butter Burger!) and the concrete mixers alone are worth the trip.  Everyone talks about the custard and mixers, but it's a mistake to look at it and think "Dairy Queen" because the food is amazing.The employees are super friendly in an almost creepy Chik-fil-a way.  In fact, if you want a real life version of the flair guy from OfficeSpace, make sure you hit up this location (Camelback and 10th St).The stores are big, clean, and typically have lots of space.The only downside to Culvers is their soda fountain is Pepsi products.
5	Come here for the sweet treats!! Forget everything else.The frozen custard here is a-mazing!! It's so decadent that you can easily make a meal of it. My favorite so far has been a concrete mixer with Reese's PB cups and Marshmallow sauce or wait maybe it was the two scoop sundae with Andes mints and hot fudge? So creamy and delicious that I don't even care I'm lactose intolerant. So worth it....If you join there email list they send several great buy one get one free coupons for sundaes and mixers.
4	Why would you ever go to another fast food burger place after you've been to Culver's?  Wow!  They fry their burgers in butter ~ hence the butter burger experience.  They have awesome burgers, fries and the best frozen custard!  Sure they offer other dinning options such as salads, roast, chicken and they have the coolest cheese curd thingies that are addictive, but it's their burgers and custard that makes this place a must stop by when your craving fast food.
4	Have not even tried anything other than the frozen custard yet, but my family cannot say enough about the butter burgers.  Can't wait to go there again!
5	Butter Burger and the milkshakes Their in house root beer is pretty good too
4	this is a a bit of a twilight zone for me.  It's light and bright and airy.  the workersI all have uniforms and bright cheery smiles on their faces.  They don't even look disgruntled like most teenagers.  The day I went, there was a reservation for a group of bright eyed precocious children reviewing their performances of a school production of "Grease".  Everyone was happy.  The quotes on the wall are very midwestern, bible belt type.  But the malts, oh the malts.  I have't had a vanilla malted in years.  They make it with their vanilla custart and i asked for extra malt, so much it was nearly crunchy.  The malt was perfect, thick, (spoon necessary) and good to the last spoonful, not too sweet, not too runny.  All for the princely sum of $3.00.  I could almost see myself donning a blue uniform and a smile while humming the tune Greased Lightning....
4	We come here just about every day. I have had everything from the wonderful butter burgers,the chili dogs,chicken strips,salad, and every single one of there tasty sides. You can't go wrong.
4	I love Culver's.  I grew up in Wisconsin so Culver's is in my blood.  Before we moved here I had to visit my parents or my in laws to satisfy a Culver's craving, now they're all over the valley and we live in Phoenix now!This Culver's had a rough start.  We came with friends in December and it was SLOW.  30 minute wait at least for our food.  February was a different story and everything arrived much more quickly.My only recent complaint was that I ordered the flavor of the day custard "chocolate oreo volcano" (a family favorite).  And what it seems I actually received was 'oreo overload'.  I would double check on some of the servers' knowledge of what the flavor of the day ingredients are.Other than that, a solid location, now that they've got their feet under them.
3	When I step into a fast food restaurant, I prefer not to be greeted with bible quotes adorning the walls and Fox News blaring on multiple televisions.  I feel like 75% of every dollar I spend at Culver's goes directly to the RNC.  With that said, the ButterBurger is pretty damn good.
4	After my trip here last week was thwarted by lunch crowds and no available parking, I returned today, mid-afternoon, and breezed right in.I really like, and have been patronizing, In-N-Out for my beef and cheese fix due to their proximity to home. However, since Culver's not only offers clearly better burgers at a nearly identical price point (yes, you had me at "butter"), but also the many delights and myriad dairy based dessert wonders that evolve from frozen custard, my heart's preference just has to be Culvers.For those of you who have been disappointed with their dinner "sides" such as green beans and mashed potatoes, I'm not too surprised since that isn't what these places are really about at all.Culvers is, in truth, a bloated reincarnation of classic Midwest "Frozen Custard " stands of the 1940's and 50's where the focus was Burgers, Fries, Malts, (and /or Shakes, if you want, or need to, date the poorer cousin.) When in doubt, and if your sweet meter allows, always order the "malt" over the "shake" for a one of a kind flavor upgrade.The changing economies and demographics of the '60's and beyond forced the quaint, focused places to add all the oddities and dinner stuff you find today in order to exist. Stick with the basics and you should be happy here. And speaking of basics, I'm reading that a number of you aren't happy with the cheese curds. That prep is as simple as bread and butter, so if Culvers is screwing that up, shame on them.Anyway, the service here on a Monday afternoon was great. Three cooks through the window were jabbering like monkeys that hadn't come down from the lunch rush yet, (or?) but the woman that took my order was composed and friendly. Ditto the girl who handed me the "to go" bag.Also, since I'm a single diner preferring to dine out in-home, I've developed a reliable weight-to value indicator in my left hand. (the  one carrying the sack) After taste and satisfaction are factored, Culvers was the hands down winner over 7 previous contenders.2 bacon double cheese deluxe; Score!With Culvers website showing a soon to open location at 4506 E. Cactus, (within spitting distance of In-N-Out's Tatum and Cactus store) I have serious concerns over the future for In-N Out's employees at that location. Polish your resumes, kids.
4	Yup I think I am going to say it. This burger place is as or just might be better than In and Out.  I just love the buttery bread they use and the meat is perfectly seasoned.  The ice cream, amazingly creamy. I am not much for burgers. I always prefer anything but burgers however every once in a while I crave them. I will be coming back to this place again. Highly recommend.
4	If Culver's were on every other block, like some of the "other" fast food burger places, those "other" places wouldn't be in business. Culvers has fresh made-to-order burgers and sandwiches which are very tasty, made with fresh ingredients and very affordable! Plus, the burgers taste delish! They remind me of burgers from my childhood, but I can't put my finger on where. Suffice it to say, they're really, really, good. Their french fries are always hot and yummy, and although I haven't tasted their ice cream, it looks fab!The personel are always cheerful and friendly, and they bring you your food minutes after ordering...to your table! Trust me, skip Mickey D's and Burger Queen and go to Culvers!
2	If they had a Culver's on every street corner, the cardiologists would all have twice as much money.I went there for my first time today for lunch, and I was hoping for a good, non-processed burger. I got my wish; a soft bun, red onions, lettuce, fresh tomatoes... all the fixings were great. The cheese was very good, and the beef patties were also good. (I got the deluxe). Since I never had fried cheese curds, I got those as my side item.  It was very reasonably priced; $8 or so for the combo with a root beer. Service was fast; food was fresh and hot. But here's the kicker....I looked up the nutrional information after lunch, when I felt like I couldn't get out of my office chair. This combo had 84g of fat and 3000mg of sodium.  Even if you don't watch what you eat, these numbers should scare the hell out of you. To put it into perspective, my diet calls for 1500mg sodium DAILY.  I could've gone to In-N-Out, gotten an animal style double-double with fries and saved 15 grams of fat and saved 1300mg sodium. I could've ordered 2 quarter pounders with cheese and 2 large fries and still eaten fewer grams of fat and sodium. Now do you see exactly how bad these burgers are for you?!? Imagine if I had gotten the bacon cheeseburger with a custard for dessert. That'd be another 30 grams of fat. We're talking triple digits here. Scary stuff.Now, I like to splurge on occasion for great food. Unfortunately, for that caloric catastrophe, it simply wasn't worth it. It's a good burger, definitely better than the typical fast food, but come on. These numbers are beyond reasonable.  To be fair, the fried cheese curds constituted 38g of fat alone. Now that I've had them for the first time in my life, I'll say I enjoyed them. They're almost as good as fried mozzarella, but I still prefer the Italian version over the Wisconsin one.So if you want to splurge, enjoy the custard. I've had it once before here, and it's excellent; especially the vanilla. But if you want to blow your diet, even though the food is decent here, do it somewhere else.
2	Thought we would grab some dessert on the way back to the hotel from sushi.  No custard chains that i know of in Cali so why not give it a shot.  Could have definitely done without!  Nothing special, super sweet and consistency was more like melted ice cream.  Reminds me of a Dairy Queen or Fosters Freeze with the combination of a hot food menu.  You can tell the workers were definitely not excited to be their on a Saturday night.
4	Hands down one of the best fast food burgers I have ever had. The Deluxe Butter Burger is incredible. The gristle on the edge of the burger is awesome, all the ingredients are fresh, crisp and you can actually taste everything. I love the options for sides; get the side salad, fresh lettuce, real tomatoes and freshly grated cheddar cheese. I tried the cheese curds but was not impressed. They were very, very salty. That was the only item I disliked. You must have a single scoop custard to top it all off. Absolutely delicious! The restaurant is very clean and modern, the staff is very friendly. I was just a little put off by the food linked Bible versus painted on the walls
3	I really like the butter burger.  It's a old style of food that reminds me when I was a kid.
4	Sara B. wrote exactly what I was thinking.  I'm a big fan of Culvers.  This place puts every day fast food to shame.  Their food isn't sitting there waiting for someone to order it.  It's fresh and made to order.  They have a huge menu of options at good prices and you get quality service with a smile.
3	Burgers are better than the custard.  I'll go for a butter burger any day before I will go for the custard.  While the custard is the namesake menu item and the flavor of the day is a tempting draw, I find that they all mostly taste of artificial flavors with so-so add-in ingredients to make the flavor happen....I guessGet a butter burger, try the custard and go for an adventure with the fired cheese curds, squeaky cheese.
1	Horrible service. Amateur management. Mediocre, overpriced food... I'll never go back again.
3	Tonight I spent $9.28  for a burger, shake, and fries.  The service couldn't have been better.  Really nice people there and it was fast.  The restaurant was really clean, a plus with me.  The custard kind of shake was pretty good- haven't had one of that kind for awhile.  To be honest for what I paid, the burger really wasn't anything exceptional.  This surprised me as I seem to remember them being better.  Wonder what's happened there or if it was just me.
3	A  step above most fast food chains.Sadly, I have to avoid dairy these days. Cheese decided it doesn't love me anymore.  Sad Panda. I am a sucker for fried cheese curds - and Culver's - being Wisconsin born and bred, uses real cheese from real cows. None of that processed "cheese food product" crap.I'd love to be able to review the curds, and the cheeseburgers and the frozen custard - but for love of my good health, I just can't.I opt for the burger. Sometimes the double. The bun (yes - I know it has butter - but that doesn't seem to effect me...) is way better than fast food places, but not as good as some of the great buns (Fez, Grind, etc.) The burgers taste like they are made from real cows - not all the fillers from some fast food chains.Not a big fan of just how overtly Christian the place is - but that's what drive thrus are for - and I am there to eat, not get saved.I'm just as likely to head over to Smashburger - but one of the coworkers loves Culver's, and is willing to go pick the food up for us.  So, Culver's it is.  No complaints here.
3	I'll be honest, I really wanted an In-N-Out burger, but there isn't one in the neighborhood. As I was driving along, the Culvers sign caught my eye and I figured that I would still be able to satisfy my craving for a top notch burger.I chose to go for the classic ButterBurger, though I let the clerk talk me up into a double with the toppings. I'm sure all the others, with bacon or swiss cheese oare fine, but it was the Deluxe that sold me. Onion, tomato, lettuce and cheese on a fresh bun. It was some good eats.I'm not a huge fan of their fountain offering and I was glad that I checked before splurging on a cup for soda that I would have filled with water. I wanted a non-caffeine and low calorie choice (there were enough calories in the burger, thanks!), but there wasn't one. Water it is.A couple of TV's were on and they do have a wi-fi signal as well.Next time, I'll try the custard!
2	Now I am not one to dismiss a good burger joint, one of my favorite foods. This place is cool looking with lots of ice cream options, however I found the burgers to be quite greasy. I'll pass from eating here again!
1	Was that a burger? I was so turned off by the charred greasy whatever that was on my bun,I couldn't take a Second bite or even make myself eat the fries or order any custard. So based on the one bite I could stomach less than 1star.
5	My son told me about Culver's a few weeks ago.  Well . . . I tried it and now I love Culver's burgers and fries.  No, it's not In-N-Out, but pretty darn close.  I happen to like burgers that are a bit greasy and crispy.  And best part is they let you add "what you want".  Lettuce, tomato, mayo.  Love it!  Fries were hot and crispy.  This place is very clean and that is one of the things that keeps me coming back.  Looking forward to trying their custard (not now . . . I've got a standing appointment with a treadmill this week).Culver's, I'm glad you're in my neighborhood.
5	5 star fast food! Wow!Hubby and I were in town for the Fiesta Bowl and needed to grab a little lunch before heading to the game. I checked yelp for close burger places and thought this one sounded good. Oh yes. It was. Not only were are burgers juicy and tasty, the cheese curds and the mashed potatoes and gravy (oh how I loved the gravy!) were also really good! And the service? Exceptional! I know I'm jaded because I live in the land of mediocre service, but this must have been the best, kindest service I've received in who knows how long. Even if the food was just ok, (and if I lived in AZ) I would come back just to say hi. These girls deserve a raise!
1	This place on two separate visits, months apart, had forgotten my order and somehow lost it after waiting over 20 to 25 minutes each time. Employees rather text on their phones and lean against counters rather than serve their customers.Culver's has awesome frozen custard with creative flavors of the day. This location also is very clean and well maintained especially the bathrooms which are a plus. You just have to make sure to check in with the front every 5 minutes if you don't want them to forget your order.
2	Worst burger I've ever tasted. Malts are good but not great.
5	My first experience with Culver's was absolutely fantastic.  The food was very tasty and the atmosphere was friendly.  The girl (sad to say I forgot her name) demonstrated one of the best customer service experiences I had every had.  I wished I was fortunate to have hired her.  Culver's keep up the great work and give the Culver's Crew a raise for a job well done.
4	On the way back from a roadtrip to the Grand Canyon.  And one of our friends told us that if we were stopping in Phoenix we needed to try Culver's.  We did and it was good.  Although all we got was the frozen custard and the butter burger these things both lived up to the hype.  Anytime we see a Culver's we'll most definitely stop to try more of the menu.
3	Cheese curds breaded and deep fried, chili cheddar fries and butter burgers light your boilers?    This is the spot.  Lots of rich custard (soft serve) shakes, malts, mixers, sundaes, cones, dishes, sundaes and concrete mixers.Life delivers many of us to a point where the Doc and the bod say, "You can't do that any more."  I'm there.  Spending eight bucks for a burger basket is something else I'm having a hard time doing too.  The crinkle fries are excellent.  The quotes from The Bible and Miss Piggy painted on the wall are appropriate guidance for any human being, no matter who they are or what they believe.I've been here twice, the first time by a nephew I treated to a meal.  If I keep returning, it will be an acquired taste.
3	Culver's is fine. i liked it, but it did not knock my socks off! Basically, another burger joint
5	I LOVE CULVER'S!!!!  It's from the midwest.  I had not tried Culver's until I met my now husband(he's from Illinois), who introduced me to this awesome place.  Since that first meeting, I was hooked.  Now locations are popping up everywhere.  I love it.  They are best known for their Butter Burgers and their Custard.  Me, personally, I will go there just for the custard.  I recommend a small or medium chocolate custard concrete mixer with brownie pieces.  Yummy!!!  Don't get a large, because that is way too much, you'll get a tummy ache.  If ever I'm feeling down, I will always turn to Culver's.  Their butter burgers are good as well.  Low fat and low in calories....Yeah right.  But they sure are tasty.  My friend is from Wisconsin and will go here just for the cheese curds.  Culver's is a place to go once in awhile as a treat to yourself, because the prices are little on the high side.  Besides you don't want to spoil yourself too much, otherwise you might lose appreciation for it.  Definitely go here.
2	I would give 4 stars for the food and 2 for the service. That should balance out to a 3, but I am disappointed enough right now to not feel generous at the moment.Everything I've eaten here on multiple visits has been delicious: Rich, real flavors. None of the acidic aftertaste of McDonald's/Burger King/Wendy's. The ice cream is reason enough to go in and of itself. Everything on the menu works as comfort food.And I've enjoyed it all, once I have gone through the labors of Hercules to finally get what I ordered.Today in the drive-thru they managed to ask my drink order on 5 different occasions, and still got it wrong. Medium Diet Pepsi and a small Sierra Mist. It's almost a mantra for me now. I was given fries after twice specifying onion rings. My kid wanted ketchup for his chicken tenders and got nothing instead. And there were no napkins in the bags. At other times they have omitted parts of orders placed inside, or sent me something that had nothing to do with what I had ordered. The help has noted the mistakes by nodding in some sort of brain-dead daze and wandering off in the distance.I guess it must be rocket science. So if you have time and stress to burn, go to Culvers and be rewarded with some really good flavors.
4	This was my first time at Culver's.  I had a butter burger with cheese.  It was very good, I thought similar in taste and quality to In and Out.The cheese curds were fantastic, I highly recommend them.  They taste basically like a good mozzarella stick appetiser at other restaurants.Also had a cookie dough concrete mixer.  It was as good as advertised.  Thick and tasty.Only detractors to coming here-cost and high fat/high calorie.  High fat/high calorie goes with any fast food though.  The cost however is much more than a typical fast food place.  $24-26 for two of us getting food basket combo and two med concrete mixers.  So not extremely costly, but more than typical fast food.
5	Our first time at Culvers, and it was a great 107* day for it! The girl at the counter took the liberty of explaining the frozen custard choices as we stood there with our blank stares.....what to get? They have a flavor of the day, as well as chocolate and vanilla. Then you can get a shake, sundae, cone or mixer (kind of like a blizzard at DQ). I opted for the mint and oreo and my husband got peanut butter cups and bananas.  We paid under $7 for two smalls.They give you a number, you find a table and they bring you your custard! Hooray!!
5	years ago, we couldn't find a frozen custard shop in phoenix without taking a tremendous, all-day affair journey to the far east....valley. now they seem to be all over the place. culvers is cute...reminds me of dairy queen back when ice cream was cool to eat. i did have a little trouble trying to figure out how to order. there's all kinds of funky flavors and add-on's that a slow southerner like me has to process before ordering. luckily the counter girl explained how it worked and we were set. the wife had the mint chocolate chip, and although i've never been a fan of that flavor, i actually liked the custard version. i picked the vanilla with p-butter and banana and it was freaking delicious! very rich and creamy, and even a small was too much for me...you know, trying to watch my awesome figure. we paid about 7 bucks for 2 smalls. after you order, you have a seat and they bring it to you. apparently you can get burgers there as well (DQ all over again). summer is always a great time for a cool treat and since it's nearly summer all year long in phoenix, it's always cool treat time. thanks to culvers for keeping us satisfied.
5	Very good burger and cheese curds.  The ice cream/custard is the main attraction for me, however.  It is just awesome.
4	The pot roast sandwich is always a winner.  I happen to enjoy their chocolate malted milkshakesCulvers is fast food for adults - great flavor; excellent quality and modest prices.  We have become fans - when we need a quick lunch or a bit of dinner, Culver's is our #1 go-to spot - followed closely by Pei Wei.
4	Got to give them four stars, Above the crowed, cooked to order food here is simply great.Yes butter burger is a fun time but the real mean is their entrees Fried Chicken and Fried Cod, they keep their fries clean and use a great breading recipe,  try it you'll be back for more.The beef is ok, sometimes a little salty.  mixers,not the biggest fan but they hit the spot when you need to.  be creative and make your own mixer.  Service,well its ok, they do bring it to your table and when you do a drive thru don't expect this to be Wendy's, it will take some time depending on what you order.  Your given a number and a nice high school student will bring some food to you.The service seems to be young here, they just like hiring someone looking for their 1st job or so.  No this does not create the best service but creates, our local future.  giving a younger kid a job is not easy to do and these kids will move onto another job and keep working this is good karma for Culver's Phoenix  and shows an investment in the town.  I choose to review this location because it has been around.  I used to go out of my way to find a Culver's.  now they are popping up around town.  As a Midwest person this is great to see.  This is mid west food, comforting a little greasy but dedicated to a great meal.  kevin
3	Yummy is all I can say.  My partner is from Milwaukee, Wisconsin so she was in heaven when we were on vacation in Phx and we found a culver's.  She always prefers Leon's, but this is a close second.  The store is clean, everyone is friendly and the service is good.  They will give you a sample of any flavor to try before buying.  My only complaint is they dont have coke products, just pepsi.  Ick.
5	After having dinner down the road this is the place to go to put out the fire. Heath cheesecake mixer.
4	I had never heard of a Culver's until this one popped up back in 2008 or 2009. A co-worker from a previous job told me how good their butter burgers are, so I decided to give it a try. For fast food, it's better than McDonald's or Burger King. But that isn't why I come to Culver's. What I really like about Culver's is their ice cream and milkshakes. They make a killer chocolate malt here. Whenever I am craving a milkshake, I only want Culver's chocolate malts. They also have a good Turtle sundae (pecans, hot fudge, and caramel sauce). This is definitely a guilty pleasure, but one I enjoy.
1	This place was filthy dirty gross. Crap all over the tables, grease on the floor. Employees seemed nonplussed and I probably would too if I was only making $7.80 an hour. My chicken was soggy and the butter burger tasted like it had seen better days.  Yuck.
2	Fast food burgers aren't exactly known for their healthiness, but the burger I had here had to be the greasiest mess I've ever had. I ordered the sourdough melt, which I admit may be buttered a bit more than the normal burger. But I felt like I needed a shower after eating this. Decent flavor, but not good enough to warrant trying again.Not a fan of the fries - I appreciate the fact that they do the crinkle-cut fries, to do something a bit different - but this just didn't work for me.I've had the custard, and that was pretty good, probably qualifies as an alternative to DQ or BR if I'm in the mood for a quick frozen fix. But I don't think I'd be back for the burgers.
1	Blech. I was running an errand during lunchtime and decided to run through their drive through to pick up a quick bite to eat - I had heard that the food was good from friends. Uncharacteristically, I ordered the chicken strips, fries and an iced tea. The chicken, while crispy, had no flavor in the breading except for an overwhelming amount of salt. The chicken was juicy with a chemically tinged juice. And worst of all, they were cold in the middle. I ate one bite, took a second and literally had to spit it out. Disgusting.The fries were oversalted and greasy. Nice crunch though. Finished maybe 1/4 of them before I just couldn't eat anymore. Iced tea was good, but all of the ice was melted by the time I had taken 2 sips. Note to staff - real brewed iced tea is awesome, but it is warm, so you need to fill the cup ALL the way with ice. Never again. Ick ick ick.
4	Culver's doesn't serve California, & I'd never heard of them before I moved over here & began driving past their various locations around the Valley.  I had supposed that this was a coffee shop, such as Denny's, and it was just never the right time to stop in, for four years, until today.Wow, what a surprise!  It's a fast food place, and so nice inside!  SO, I ordered a Deluxe Double Burger Value Basket for this first visit, with a side salad (available at no extra charge as a substute for french fries), and an upgrade to a medium Chocolate Malt rather than a soda.  YAY MALTS!The service was super friendly, the nice booth seating was completely comfortable (YAY BOOTHS!) and every bit of this lunch was delicious!  The malt was thick & tasty, the salad was good sized and included such treats as cherry tomatoes (and no extra charge for an extra dressing packet), and the 2-patty burger was big & delicious.SO, Culver's here comes out of nowhere to drop in right as a burger chain I'm a fan of.  Yes, they have things other than burgers, & now I can't wait to return & start biting my way through most everything on the menu.     :-))Deluxe Double Burger, Side Salad, Medium (16 oz.) Chocolate Malt:  $8.69
3	I had a butter burger and fries. They were pretty tasty. I think better than regular fast food. I went through the drive through and staff was friendly and helpful. I got exactly what I wanted on my burger. For fast food, I thought it was pretty good. Much better than the usual suspects.
1	Decided to try this custard out. LIttle did I know it was the wrong day OR their service is just this bad. I NEVER GOT MY ORDER! Ordered a shake and waited and waited and waited. People with shake orders came and went. Hanging near the counter, the employee asked "are you still waiting?".Finally gave up and left. They took my money but never got my food.
3	I needed a little pick me up, so went to the Culver's drive-through for a chocolate shake... To me, it tasted like artificial frozen sugar syrup - Not unlike the ice cream at Dairy Queen.I maybe had three or four sips before deeming it undrinkable and throwing the rest away.Disappointing, considering all the hype from the Wisconsiners when Culvers first opened up in the valley about a year ago!
4	If it is a quick burger you are looking for go to Culver's. Plain and simple. Have you ever noticed that very few burger joints have meat that actually taste's like anything anymore? That is because many places now use pre-cooked patties that just get warmed up and slapped on the bun. Sure, not much chance for sickness due to under-cooking but at what cost? Culver's meat patties are very thin and very flavorful. Very similar to a Zip's burger if you have ever had one of those :)  DELISH!
4	4 stars only for this being fast food, but boy is it good here!!!!! From the minute I walked in I was greeted by a friendly face offering help to decide what to choose from their extensive menu. They have so many options which is awesome. I served a drink and sat down and they came and brought me my lunch. The dining room area was nice and large for a fast food joint! I wish culvers was here northern Cali. Bummer! Lol
5	We're on a low carb diet and they were able to accommodate that. Then when my boyfriend dropped his burger out of its lettuce wrap they replaced it for free. I always loved their food, now I have to praise their service too!
1	Spent almost $5 on a single butter burger that had a patty so small the bun actually has almost twice as many calories.  Thank you Culver's for helping renew my commitment to home cooked food.
1	4 Stars for the food and the company caring about quality more than other places.-1 Star for them allowing a homeless guy to pester me and most likely others at a place where I am forced to park and wait for my food and I can't leave if I want my money's worth. They are also lucky I don't -1 more Star for the girl working there at the moment I am writing this review. She was very short and rude and annoying. She was literally mad at me from the minute I drove up to the speaker because I wanted to take a moment to look at the menu which I am still not familiar with (and ask my wife on the phone what we should get). Then she was even more mad at me for asking for honey mustard at the window. I felt very happy to hand over $20 (which I never spend on restaurants anywhere) to receive this treatment from a place that is trying to be more dignified fast food. I expect this treatment at a lame joint, but this is supposed to be Culver's.Also, I don't care for the chocolate custard/ice cream whatever they call it. It tastes like Wendy's frosty. That's lame.Other than that it is a place with decent burgers and the toppings/mix-ins cover up the cheap ice cream well enough to get it more than once.***UPDATE***-3 Stars for food poisoning to top off the experience. I regret going, and wish I had ordered pizza (which is saying something).
5	I love this fast food restaurant.  Their burgers are always good and taste fresher than most fast food joints.  Their fries and cheese curds are also quite tasty.  The absolute best thing here though is their concrete mixers.  They are so delicious!
1	Went to the Culver's on Camelback drive-through on Thursday May 15th (temps were high so thought it'd be refreshing to eat a scoop of custard in a cookie cone. I was handed the cone and as I was driving forward, I noticed that half the cone side was broken and leaking custard. It was a ness. The woman who handed me the cone didn't provide any napkins. I stopped my car and went into the restaurant and they gave me a cup for the mess.
5	This is my first time to Culver's and boy, I enjoyed the burger. I took the Culver's Bacon Deluxe with fries and a strawberry shake. The bun was toasted to perfection and the meat was cooked exactly to my taste. The fries and shake were excellent too. Overall, it is a wonderful place to get a quick meal. All thanks to my gf for taking me here. I will keep visiting this place.
3	I have family members who love this place!  We met up today and I can see why.  I don't eat fast food as a rule but ended up having a grilled cheese, side salad, and strawberry shake. My family had fried chicken and burgers, along with frozen custatds.This place is definitely a few steps above Mickey D's, etc.  The service is good, as are the prices.I do appreciate the pricing and opportunity to order a children's meal.  For my fast-food loving friends, it's a thumbs up.
5	Culvers has the best burgers out of any fast food chain in the valley. Love their fried chicken too. mmmm!  A+ service everytime.
2	I love going to Culver's! BUT tonight I was disappointed my burger was not  even warm, location was not as clean as usual and the carpet really needs to be replaced. NO WIFI! Really it is time for a remodel.
4	The customer service is usually as awesome as their custard.  I always get the custard with strawberries and cheesecake.  Awesome!
5	Loved it! Here's what I had: Culver's Butterburger Deluxe Double Basket (the burger, med fries, med drink), and a Mint Oreo Concrete Mixer.The whole experience was awesome! The employees were very patient as this was my second time at Culver's (my first time was a few months ago) and was using coupons. The meal was ready before I was done filing up my drink. Quick service! I chose to get the mixer after the meal and that also came quick. It came to just under $20.Clean store, quick service, superb customer service, awesome food, hot meal, delicious dessert; what more could anyone ask for?
3	This place was clean and the service was top notch! It is a cross between a Dairy Queen and a Carl's Jr. If you are hungry - get your hamburger with 2 patties - they are kinda slim. The fries were great and they have a ton of frozen custard desserts.
3	What I expect it to be. Hot food, cold custard.
3	I like Culvers when it comes to fast food. They have a good selection even on the healthy side. Custard is fantastic of course, and I'm addicted to cheese curds.
3	So this could be a 4.5 star rating IF the staff would not have been eating a dominos pizza  in front of us that some random girl from dominos brought in on her bike... Then when we asked if the custards sitting on a tray off to the back were ours (one girl munching on pizza next to them), the next girl brought them to us and said they were just finished... Not pleased at all with the service. Btw the custard was yummy. Not sure if I will return.
