2	Who knew you could get kicked out of this MCD by an non-employee! Better watch your step here or the guy who sits by the counter will get you! Hehe. Just better buy something! Can't even use my wifi here in peace! I like the Mcd on Val Vista and Guadalupe better at least the manager there is courteous and polite to everyone.no privacy here either. Really, the management needs to let the employees do the table cleaning!They get off easy and hardly do anything! wow, what a shame!Well, thats all I have to say! Oh wait one more thing, I won't be coming back here again so thet dude can irritate the snot out of me! Oh my goodness, how annoying!I hope the management and owners read this!
1	I'm really irritated because when I ordered my lunch today the girl that took my order  clearly wasn't listening to me and charged me way less than what I owed. The soda I ordered was flat and syrupy and the manager was very rude to me.From now I'll be going to to my favorite McD's on Val Vista and Guadalupe. At least I have never been told that I can't have refills because the manager thinks I'm sitting outside!Maybe if they decide to stop being so rude!I don't appreciate the rudeness!
1	You get the food the way they want to give it to you not the way you  want to receive the food. I asked to speak to the manager , and she barely spoke any English at all. All she kept saying was sorry we do better next time sorry we do better next time
1	THIS PLACE IS A JOKE!!! Now, I will start by saying that this is McD, so you get what you pay for and shouldn't expect more. HOWEVER, with that being said, I think that this is worst fast food cst service I have ever! This McD is right across the street from our house, and since we were is a hurry, we decided to drive thru. I am actually not  a McD fan, I do like their chicken nuggets, and frequently drive thru for a large Dr. Pepper. Tonight, my husband and I drove thru and ONLY ORDERED: 20 CHICKEN NUGGETS, 2 LARGE DR. PEPPER, & a MEDIUM FRY. That is not a large order, not complicated, or any reason to receive the 'service' we did. We were told to move forward because they were waiting on our chicken nuggets. OK, no problem. PROBLEM: SIX CARS GOT THEIR FOOD AT THE WINDOW BEFORE I SENT MY HUSBAND IN TO GET OUR FOOD! He got it and we drove away, just to find out that we were MISSING OUR FRYS!!! Are you SERIOUS!??!!!! We went back and went in to get it corrected and give the manager a piece of my mind!!! Besides some shallow "i'm sorry's", they gave us our nuggets, and some 'fresh frys' which were no where close to being fresh! I really CAN NOT believe the 'service' we received there, and vow to go out of our way to go to another McD from now on, or pay a bit more & go to our FAVORITE chicken spot, CHICK FIL A!!! Friendly, nice, accurate, and even though it is still a fast food place, they SERVE YOU, come to you table to clear it, and refill your drinks, all with a happy attitude! Oh, and did I mention the FRESH FLOWERS ON EVERY TABLE?!!! Yep, now THAT is cst service that goes above and beyond the call of duty!!! ;) My advice to them: RETRAIN, TEACH CST SERVICE, ESPECIALLY TO THEIR MANAGERS!!!!
1	Came home from a family vacation thinking we'll grab some McDonald's for the kids since it was late and had work and preschool the next morning. Turned down Wendy's, In N Out, and Burger King for the kids. Big Mistake.Service was bad and the food was cold. My advice: find another McDonald's if you must have it or go some place else before you go to this place. Plain terrible. Gave me the wrong burger and it was cold. The fries were also cold. They must be trying to see if they can be the worst fast food restaurant in the area. They are number 1 in terrible.
