5	Visited Dr. Hobgood in his Scottsdale (Osborn) location, for the first time today.  My 11 Yr old son broke his nose playing basketball and we were referred by our pediatrician to see him...and I am SO glad we did - he was FANTASTIC!  We were in the waiting area for less than 10 mins. and taken to the exam room where we waited for about.....2 mins, before he came in....WOW, when does that EVER happen?  I can't say enough great things about him...he was so friendly with both of my kids (I also had my 5 Yr old daughter in the room with us) putting them both at ease by goofing around with them for a few minutes before starting his exam.  He was thorough and took the time to explain what he was doing, he answered all my questions w/o rushing through it all, staff was friendly, office was clean...all in all one of the BEST doctor visits I have ever experienced!  If ANYONE I know ever needs an ENT Facial Plastic Surgeon, I will definitely recommend Dr. Hobgood!
5	Best facial surgeon in AZ - hands down.  He cares, he knows his stuff, and is one of the nicest people you will ever meet.
5	Excellent experience with Dr. Hobgood and highly recommended for facial plastic surgery.  I consulted with 4 Dr's before deciding on Dr. Hobgood and am extremely pleased with the result and his approach.  He has an excellent eye and practical approach to solutions and wants to ensure that you will be happy with the result.  He and his staff are all pleasant to deal with and care for you.
5	I can only rave about the treatment I have received from Dr. Hobgood. Dr. Hobgood is extremely passionate about the work he performs and  spends a lot of time with each client to make certain he understands the cliemt's wants and desires. He has a wonderful bedside manner and is extremely pleasant and easy to talk with. His office staff are extremely warm , friendly and efficient. Dr. Hobgood is a true thought leader in his field and I give him my highest recommendation!
5	We highly recommend Dr. Hobgood!  Our 13 year old daughter had to have her deviated septum fixed and her adnoids removed.  At the recommendation of our pediatrician, we saw Dr. Hobgood.  He is excellent with kids and gives all the time and attention you need when you see him.  His office is the most efficient office I have ever been in.  He was always ON TIME which tells me that he values his patients time as well.  He even ran on time in the OR.  His office team is friendly, professional and knowledgeable.  A true pleasure to work with.  We would recommend Dr. Hobgood and should the need arise, we will see him again without hesitation!
5	I had an excellent experience with Dr. Hobgood and his staff.  He came recommended by another ENT doctor.  I had a very complex situation with a deviated septum and part of my nose structure was collapsing on one side as well.   I need both the inside of my nose corrected so I could breath properly again and I wanted to have the cosmetic portion fixed as well.  Dr. Hobgood is very knowledgeable and extremely talented.  He is also a very pleasant person.   I cannot only breath through my nose for the first time in many, many years but my nose looks wonderful too!
5	I had an excellent experience at Dr. Hobgoods office! Dr. Hobgood is the best guy and surgeon! I couldn't be happier with my results. The girls up at the front desk are so nice and friendly and Dr. Hobgoods assistant Kiley is awesome! I was treated so well there and everyone went above and beyond to help me.
5	I can't say enough good things about Dr. Hobgood, his staff and his practice. First off the staff were extremely polite and helpful. Also the facility itself was very nice. Theres nothing worse than going to a doctors office that has nothing but white walls uncomfortable chairs and out of date magizines. The waiting room at Dr. Hobgoods office has a good vibe and is clean, it's just a nice place to relax and wait to be taken back for your appointment  From the moment you walk into Dr. Hobgoods office you will feel that you are definitley in the right place for your medical needs. Just from entering the office and dealing with the staff it is apparent that Dr. Hobgood takes his job very serious and is very passionate about what he does. Apon meeting Dr. Hobgood you can immediately tell that he is a genuinely good peson and wants the best for his patients. He is very personalable, commited and makes you feel at ease. Finally after having surgery I can say that I was extremely satisfied with Dr. Hobgoods work and would recommend him to anyone.
