1	Rude management and office staff, very slow response times from maintenance team (if they came at all), and ridiculous charges at move-out. Thankfully I was able to talk them out of the extra charges, since they were based on nonsense. The complete lack of help from the office staff, leaky roof, frequently shut-off water, and bad termite problem made living here a total hassle. The only redeeming quality was the lovely Gainey neighborhood and close proximity to the Hayden Greenbelt. No thanks, never again, and I don't suggest you rent there either.
4	Living here for the last two years has been nice. The grounds and staff are wonderful. Rent is pretty reasonable for Scottsdale. The only drawback is the fairly consistent water repairs causing water to be shut off for the whole day.
1	Moved into this apartment a few months ago. Right when we moved in there was issues with apartment and you have to put in a maintenance call in and that took up to three weeks. Then I realize almost all the grills don't work and the tv been broken in the gym for months and still not fix. They are to busy just making the outside look nice so people will rent from them. BUT after all that this morning made me never.. NEVER rent from these people again. On a Monday morning I walked out my apartment to go to work a new job I just got and it's really important for me to get there on time. Well to my surprise my car was missing. I thought someone stole it and called the police immediately. I found out San Antigua had a tow company come in and just tow cars if they are park wrong at all. My car was barely on the white line like really big deal it didn't hurt anyone people could still park. So on my Monday morning I had to find this towing place which was 40 mins in the opposite direction I go to work during rush hour to get my car and pay 100 bucks. I went back to the apt complex went straight to the manager and ask How can you do this to your tenants? Oh wait I couldn't even talk to the manager she was hiding behind the door to her office and made the front girl say she was in a meeting she wasn't. She just didn't want to deal with angry tenants when I scream she finally came out and kick me out. They said there been plenty of people coming in here and upset. Well I wonder why. They said they have no control over it, which is bullshit because the towing company needs a code to even get in the complex because it's gated and they tow at night time when people are sleeping. Obviously they get money for it and the tow company is in bad area of Mesa.  There answer to everything well park better. Theyalso kick me out of the clubhouse because I was upset. WHO WOULDN'T BEUPSET ON A MONDAY MORNING WHEN YOUR CAR MISSING BECAUSE OF APT COMPLEX THAT LETS A SHADY TOW COMPANY COME IN!! Horrific customer service skills there. They couldn't even give us a warning that they let a towingcompany in at night. They have no answers they instead, just kick their tenants out of the office when I confront them. The manager wouldn't even talk to me just kicked me out and the maintenance supervisor who should be busy fixing things and not standing around was rude saying things like "well maybe if you learned how to park right it wouldn't happen". care. They have no compassion or kindness for people who live there.They don't even want to talk to you. They don't care about their tenants and how much stress they put on me. They just want money! On a side note my car was totaled from hail and I was getting rid of the car at end of the week so I have been very stressed with car issues. They are scammers and I wouldn't tell my worst enemy to move here. I can't wait until my lease is up so I can move out of here. It just really hurts me how people in this world can treat other people like this. I might lose my job today because of them! ThanksSan Antiqua you're a real class act.
4	One of the most beautiful apartment settings I have ever seen. The atmosphere is incredibly inviting, I love all of the fountains surrounding the property and the grounds are impeccable. We had a problem with my sister's sink and the repairman that came was SO nice to me while I was visiting. All in all a great experience.
5	I love living at San Antigua. The leasing staff are very attentive and personable; they're more like friends than my landlords. The one problem I've had is with my sink; it was leaking heavily and I put in a call to maintenance. Shortly thereafter I received a call from the head of the emergency maintenance crew to confirm someone was on the way to fix it. Some background: after accepting a job offer here in Scottsdale in October 2010 I had to find an apartment--and FAST. I toured 20 apartment complexes in North Scottsdale, the McCormick Ranch area, Old Town, and Phoenix/Tempe. San Antigua was perfect: very well kept, clean apartments with new carpet & appliances, fresh paint, spacious living spaces, gorgeous grounds, nice gym & luxe clubhouse--AND it was just a couple miles from Old Town (I looked at the Palladium and San Marin, San Antigua's sister property, both had a college/party vibe; I recently graduated and wanted something more...mature). So far, so good!  Now I just have to face my first AZ summer...we'll see if I survive!
5	My disposal was leaking again.  I called Nicole at the Leasing Office and let her know my predicament.  She was incredibly attentive and scheduled for maintenance to come by the next day.  Ramon came to my apartment this morning, and immediately found a solution to the problem.  He used a different kind of sealant than the other maintenance guy used to prevent leakage.  He was conversational and polite (he even rang the doorbell a second time when he returned from picking up a new part).  He wiped his feet, and even offered to take out the trash.  This is yet another reason why I love living in San Antigua.  Thank you Ramon!
1	Moved into San Antigua apartment about six months ago. Right when we moved in there was issues with apartment  they didnt properly clean the apt there was hair clogging the bathtub drain and dog hair all over the carpet still. I asked maintenance people to come over THREE times because are dishwasher doesn't work and all they do is put CLR in it. I was just in the office the other day and someone was complaining about the same issue about the dishwasher.  You have to put in a maintenance call in and that took up to three weeks. Then I realize almost all the grills don't work and the tv was broken in the gym for months. Also, they were redoing the pool for about 4 months during spring time when people actually want to use the pool. They couldnt do it during winter time.  They are too busy just making the outside look nice so people will rent from them. BUT after all that on a November  morning made me never.. NEVER rent from these people again. On a Monday morning I walked out my apartment to go to work a new job I just got and it's really important for me to get there on time. Well to my surprise my car was missing. I thought someone stole it and called the police immediately. I found out San Antigua had a tow company come in and just tow cars if they are park wrong at all. My car was barely on the white line like really big deal it didn't hurt anyone people could still park. So on my Monday morning I had to find this towing place which was 40 mins in the opposite direction I go to work during rush hour to get my car and pay 100 bucks. I went back to the apt complex went straight to the manager and ask How can you do this to your tenants? Oh wait I couldn't even talk to the manager she was hiding behind the door to her office and made the front girl say she was in a meeting she wasn't. She just didn't want to deal with angry tenants when I scream she finally came out and kick me out. They said there been plenty of people coming in here and upset. Well I wonder why. They said they have no control over it, which is bullshit because the towing company needs a code to even get in the complex because it's gated and they tow at night time when people are sleeping. Obviously they get money for it and the tow company is in bad area of Mesa.  There answer to everything well park better. They also kick me out of the clubhouse because I was upset. WHO WOULDN'T BE UPSET ON A MONDAY MORNING WHEN YOUR CAR MISSING BECAUSE OF APT COMPLEX THAT LETS A SHADY TOW COMPANY COME IN!! Horrific customer service skills there. They couldn't even give us a warning that they let a towing company in at night. They have no answers they instead, just kick their tenants out of the office when I confront them. The manager wouldn't even talk to me just kicked me out and the maintenance supervisor who should be busy fixing things and not standing around was rude saying things like "well maybe if you learned how to park right it wouldn't happen". They have no compassion or kindness for people who live there.They don't even want to talk to you. They don't care about their tenants and how much stress they put on me. They just want money! On a side note my car was totaled from hail and I was getting rid of the car at end of the week so I have been very stressed with car issues. They are scammers and I wouldn't tell my worst enemy to move here. I can't wait until my lease is up so I can move out of here. It just really hurts me how people in this world can treat other people like this. I might lose my job today because of them! ThanksSan Antigua you're a real class act.
1	Don't DO IT! They ARE HORRIBLE!! Stay Away!! LOOKS are deceiving...
1	Absolutely, positively do NOT move here. The management will NOT help you under any circumstance. I have been put out more times than I can count. Everything from asphalt repairs to broken pipes to power off to flooded apt to broken AC unit - it NEVER STOPS. Been here since October and I've had enough - I cannot stand these people. What is it with apartment managers - they think they are so high and mighty,  just don't get it. Over a 2 month period, we received at least 6 or 8 notices where the work that was supposed to be done was continuing and they were sorry for the inconvenience of turning off the water each and every time. Our apartment literally flooded and they would not put us up in an hotel while 9 fireman combed through our apartment and said DO NOT STAY here, we are on your side. Our AC broke, it was 87 degrees in my apartment last night. They would not put us in a hotel. They don't care at all. I could go on and on and on. I have been put out more times than I care to even talk about. Just trust me when I say - find another apartment; this one isnt worth the trouble. Rent at your own RISK!!!!
1	Your mother always taught you 'never judge a book by it's cover!' San Antigua looks are deceiving! Looks nice on the outside but once you open it up and look inside....First time moving to Scottsdale and I wanted to find a sweet place to live... I drove up to San Antigua and it looked amazing! I decided to look no further... This was the place for me! I moved in! I loved it for a while.... Until a loud motorcycle owner lived below me... He would crank his engine every morning at 5:45! Annoying.... Lived on a corner spot & cars would race around the corner and if I had my windows open my place would be covered in dust! I hate that theirs carpet especially with all the dust - it's white and never look clean! Also, the installation was horrible! I swear a was paying for the APS bill for the unit below me because when it was empty my APS bill would be reasonable BUT when it was occupied it was RIDICULOUS! They pride theirselves with their two pools! However, for the longest time the back pool was closed! And they decided to fix it right when summer started! And during the hottest months they decided to close the front pool to fix that one! It seems like one of the pools is always closed - so annoying... And the pool furniture needs to be up graded - it's so old and worn... SA needs to do a makeover! They need to remodel and get rid off all the rats they have running around. It needs a deep clean and a major renovation!
1	They say this is a gated community which it is gated but the fence doesn't go all the way around the property so anyone can easily access the property.My car was stolen from the assigned cover parking spot.Office staff not helpful at all.
5	I highly recommend this apartment complex.  Great apartment, helpful management, very responsive on maintenance issues... overall an excellent experience.  There are gates that open onto the Greenbelt and it's also near some good restaurants and the best coffee shop in Scottsdale,  Village Coffee.  I'm only renting for a sixth month period and was very happy to find this place!
5	Read a few reviews before moving in 3 months ago and was hesitant. I was moving from a house to an apartment for first time in 12 years.This is a great place to live. Very quiet and the staff couldn't be nicer.I had a small problem in apartment when moving in and was resolved very quickly. Highly recommend this place
2	I've lived at San Antigua for about 3 years.  My apartment is not updated, which is fine with me, because it saves me money (and I work only a mile away, so the commute is fantastic).  They did put in all new appliances about a year and a half ago, but I think they are the lowest quality possible. The original microwave had a tag inside that it was manufactured in August 1993 and it was not pretty.  But it was clean and it worked better than my new one.  Same with the other appliances. I would have been happy if they had replaced the washer with a efficient front loader!  But the one I have doesn't even have a delicate cycle.  I wash all of my work clothes in lingerie bags (I have about 10 now) to protect them from the beating they would get in that washer.I have had a few maintenance requests, and they have usually come right away.  I noticed comments about the water being off, and the water was off often.  Once until late at night (when the notice said during the day only) and there was no way to get an update.  It was very inconvenient and annoying, but that is resolved.My main issue is with the office staff, which is what is driving me to write today.  The two main ladies I've interacted with in the last year (I think one is gone now, but her replacement is no better) are not helpful at all.  Last year I was going to be away for 4 weeks and I asked about how I could handle my rent and my water bill payment (I was to return on the 4th of the month).  I could pay my rent ahead of time (not ideal, but that's fine). But for the water bill, I should pay more than the amount I paid for that month to make sure I covered next months, because they charge you a late fee if you are one day late.  I think they should have worked with me for the $20 water bill that would have been 5 days late.  Their attitude was "too bad" and they weren't even nice about it.There used to be a drop box that I would drop my rent into on my way to work on the first, but that is now gone. You can pay your rent online now, but the water bill doesn't show up on your account until sometime on the 1st usually after 10 am (I can usually pay at lunch time and its there).  Today however, I went to pay a little after noon, and the water bill did not yet show up on my account.  I called the office and was told they were having trouble with getting the water bill online. I could bring a check in to the office.  I pointed out they don't have a drop box anymore.  She pretty much said I would be charged a late fee if I didn't pay today.  So I hope I remember to go back online to pay that portion and I have to hope it is there to pay. Its like I get a 6 - 8 (if I'm lucky) hour window to pay the rent and I better make it work with my life.  It is very frustrating and annoying.  I've never had issues like this any where else I have lived.Last year I probably would have rated them 4 stars, but with my issues with the office staff, I am down to 2.  And I'm considering moving out when my lease is up in the fall.
3	Beautiful grounds, nice spacious layout, quiet community...  Overall I am happy living here.A couple areas of opportunity that would greatly improve our time here:Updated pool furniture and fixing the hot tubs.  Half of the furniture is unusable because it is broken or just looks terrible and the hot tubs need resurfacing and/or maybe new lighting so that the water doesn't look green.  Also, the jets in the hot tubs do not work correctly and are too strong in certain spots that water is spraying out over your head.  Not very relaxing. Also, the parking situation is not good when you have two cars and the complex will not let you rent an extra spot.
5	I loved living here!  I have lived at San Antigua for almost a year.  I have thoroughly enjoyed my time here.  Yes, the units are dated, but wonderful floorplans, very clean, spacious decks, extra storage, actual laundry rooms (older equipment, but works great).  I am a single woman and feel completely safe despite often arriving home late.  I LOVE that they allow pets by breed (not size).  The award-winning grounds are outstanding with something beautiful blooming year-round and well maintained palm, pine and native trees.  There is a wonderful greenbelt where my dog loves to run each morning and meet his many pals - a virtual playground for the dogs.  The adjacent golfcourse and walking/biking path is easy to access and another beautiful place to walk.  the many varieties of migrating birds are spell-binding from geese and ducks to beautiful huge blue heron and two or three kinds of all white birds - snow geese? egrets? not sure, but I counted over 40 of them one day in the golf course lakes.  While the pool furniture may be older - it is in very acceptable condition -- the area is super clean, the pools and fountains are beautiful and well-maintained. The gym and common areas as well.  The maintenance staff is super responsive and friendly, as are the groundskeepers.  The office staff is helpful, and responsive, but seem to have their hands tied by a less caring management.  You definitely get the feel that the complex is not a labor of love, but about business and the bottom line.  And, in fairness, it is a business, not a condominium complex. Doing more would increase the rents which I thought for all you get were very reasonable.  If they were condos,  I would buy in here in a minute.  Also, people who live here are friendly, respectful, all ages,  and it is very quiet - unlike several other complexes I considered. The unique 3-bedroom units are great for families.  Also,the central location and easy access to 101 is ideal. I am very sorry to be heading back North and leaving San Antigua, but will remember my time here very positively.  Would highly reccomend to anyone.
