5	There used to be a fair few "build your own" noodle bars about, that if I remember correctly were pretty popular with the 3am crowd. The concept seems to have disappeared in the last few years though so I was delighted to see the arrival of Red Box on the scene.It's not top level Chinese food by any stretch, but still some way above the buffet-style slophouses that those without tastebuds or table manners flock to in droves. Fiona's review has more or less covered everything else, though it's worth noting that it's very easy to make a complete disaster if you don't klnow what you're doing. Duck for example, doesn't go at all with Satay sauce, and definitely not with Kung Po.
4	Ok, so this is no Suzie's Diner. It will never be a Suzie's. But, it's actually pretty tasty. And cheap, to boot. I mean, you'll stuff yourself with 5 pounds. That's pretty good, right?The deal is, it's a bit like building your own sandwich, but it's building your own noodle-fry (stir-fry?). First, you choose what kinda noodles you want. They have egg noodles, rice noodles, udon noodles, ho-fun noodles, and probably some other sort that I cannae put my finger on. Then, you choose a meat: beef, chicken, prawns, et all. Then, you choose vegetables. There are many vegetables and you can choose whatever your heart desires. Bamboo shoots, broccoli, peppers, etc. Then you choose a sauce: satay, oyster, szechuan, black bean, etc. And then, about five minutes after you've done all this, voila! You have foods. I was kinda disappointed in the black bean sauce. It was just kinda boring, to be honest, but today I had satay sauce with prawns and broccoli and ho-fun noodles and it was yuuuummy. I'm half tempted to get some more on my way home, for dinner. Ok, so it's no Suzie's (as has been mentioned before, yes, about a 30-second read above this), and if I had a choice, I'd bring Suzie's back, but I can imagine they're going to do well. If only because it's quick, it's central and affordable enough for students.
3	This restaurant is doing great business right now with all the Edinburgh Festival custom. The food is prepared pretty quickly and arrives piping hot in those great little cardboard containers they use for take-away in the usa. We had some Wings and Vietnamese Spring Roll along with our noodles. The wings had a nice sweet savoriness with the meat just falling off the bone. The spring rolls, whilst tasty enough will be a disappointment to anyone who ever had Vietnamese Spring Roll in Vietnam as they bear little resemblance. Noodle portions were a good size but I must admit I found the Singapore seasoning to be a little bland and found myself reaching for the salt and pepper. Not something I'm used to doing with Asian food.
3	So I guess the other guys here all make a good enough point of how this place works to save me doing the same and you reading it all again; but whilst they have the narrative of how the place works spot on, I really have to disagree where it comes to the crux of a restaurant. The food.Whilst I found the portion size satisfactory and the cost fair, the food itself was amongst some of the blandest I've eaten in a long while, and that's not just speaking of noodle bars but everywhere in general. If dictionaries worked in the way they do on TV, if you looked under "average food" you'd see a picture of Red Box right next to one of Nando's.I had honey chicken wings along with Beef Ho Fun  in Oyster Sauce with Beansprouts, peppers and brocoli. To be perfectly honest though it could have just as easily been "noodles with stuff" for all I knew, as that was all I could taste.The service itself was fine and the layout of the restaurant was welcoming enough. I was a little disappointed to find that they didn't accept card payment, and it is a little odd going to order in the back corner of the restaurant. The staff were are very friendly and so on and so forth...I could keep going with these little details but really they don't matter as the real sticking point is the food - unless I hear miracles about how the food improved and literally exploded someone's taste buds, I won't be going back.
4	I think I might have been a little unfair on Red Box in my last review and being as I actually have gone back numerous times since writing about it last I thought it only proper to give the place an update...What's changed since last time? Well not a huge amount to be honest - the restaurant still feels like a grotty cafe and the food still hasn't exploded my tastebuds but you know what? Compared to its peers Red Box offers great value - especially when you haven't got time to wait around for your food to be prepared - last night both orders were ready within three to five minutes of ordering.Although it's never quite planned, whenever someone comes to Edinburgh to visit we always seem to end up at Red Box, and judging from how busy the place has been every time I've been there I can't help but feel that lots of other people find themselves constantly gravitating towards it too.I'll keep going to Red Box for now, but I'm still expecting something great to happen with the food before that elusive fifth star appears.
2	Red Box have recently been good enough to put up their prices, something I only noticed because on my first visit last weekend they didn't have half the offers that they're advertising on their website. Apparently this is a recent change - although I probably would have said that too.What does bother me about it was that seemingly all the little faults people here mention are still there. It was good noodles, but not the best I've had. At least they have beer on the menu now.
4	On a day like today when its dreary, grey and pi**ing it down, you need something hot, and something that, as Dustin Hoffman once said, makes you foo - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ul8K60BHPXMThis it does - its not rocket science, it takes a little while and its not the most delicious noodles you've ever had. But it fills a biiiig hole and for a fiver, is a hellofalunch. Still working on best combos, I went for Singapore powder today and think the satay was better. Any suggestions let me know, if the weather stays like this I'll be back soon...
4	Great wee place opposite the Pear Tree Inn that serves up a tasty and quick meal in a box. I can't comment on the entire menu, but I loved the red Thai curry with egg noodles, chicken and extra garlic and chillies. You build the meal as you want it, then all your choices are tossed into a hot wok and served to your table (or as take away). Sometimes the simplest things work best.
5	Totally custom, freshly wokked noodle boxes. Steaming hot and delicious. We stopped in for a quick bite before a fringe show and were impressed by the speed, quality and taste. Recommended.
5	Ahhhhhh Red Box, how you tempt me each and every day with your delicious noodles and your cheapness. Ohhhh, sweet Red Box, just across the road with your black pepper sauce and meats and veggies, you are magic.I can't praise the Red Box Noodle Bar enough. For a mere few pounds you can have a box of nuclear hot (in temperature) delicious, custom made noodles. It's a simple idea - choose a noodle type from a list of six, choose a meat type from a list of six(ish), choose three veggies from a big ol' selection and then choose a delicious sauce - black bean, red thai, satay or my own particular favourite, black pepper, to name just a few. You pay five pounds and thirty pence and five minutes later a perfectly sized box of delicious noodles arrive. You can eat in or out and it costs the same. There are a selection of starters to choose from - prawn toast, won tons, spring rolls, etc, and a range of beverages - Chinese beers, soft drinks, OJ and water. It's simple and highly effective.My only complaint is really a statement of wonder - how in all of the world do they manage to get their noodles so hot that they stay hot for about ten minutes. A friend of mine now opens his noodle box on his way back to the office to let the noodles cool down on the way home.Great, five massive stars from me and an uber high-five.
3	An interesting concept, fun to toy with.  If I lived here I'd probably treat this as quik take-out on a busy day, but my visit, with the scatter-shot selection on the menu, was only acceptably good.  Still a likely choice for a quick meal.
4	If I were going to be truthful to myself, I would pre-emptively give these people 2000 pounds because that's about how much I expect to spend here in the next year. This shit hits the spot. Here's the best part... and I KNOW I am not alone in feeling this way... The best part is that you get to choose stuff. Yes, I know, when you go to a restaurant you get to choose stuff, but here you get to choose exactly which veggies and meats and spices.Now choosing whatever you like is wonderful, but NOT having to pick out the weird veggies that you don't like - EVEN BETTER. I know you do it. Everyone does. Over in the corner of your plate is a little pile of onions or water chestnuts or babycorn (I personally hate beansprouts).  I get a monster bowl full o' fresh veggies - REAL Asian veggies like:bok choy; shiitake mushrooms; sugar snap beans; bamboo shoots; water chestnuts; baby corn; Chinese broccoli   I also get CHOPSTICKS - yay! And there's enough food for 2 meals. The cute Chinese waiters and waitresses all have adorable 1/2 Scottish, 1/2 Chinese accents (as a nerdy linguist this is cool for me).and NO POTATOES - yippie.
4	I didn't try the food (what? A review that didn't try the food? egads!) but what I did try (and like) is their bubble tea. Don't see it too often in this neck of the woods, so I now know where to go to get my tapioca game on. Now, just if they got lychee flavour in....
4	Red Box is a rather funky (neat plastic stools) build-your-own style noodle bar, choose 1 from 5 sorts of noodle, 1 type of meat and 3 veg then select your sauce. Your selection is then cooked and served in a standard noodle box piping hot.By default Red Box provide chopsticks but they don't mind giving you a fork instead (love the food never mastered the eating implements) and they offer a decent range of meal deals (various starters\soft drinks\beer).The joy is that you can essentially craft the meal you fancy (more importantly avoiding the stuff you don't) and normally the service is pretty fast, Red Box does get fairly busy at lunchtime but I have always manage to fit in a visit easily within the lunch hour.One little aside, the sign for the toilets is a little naughty if you stop and think about it...In conclusion good food, freshly cooked, if you like noodles you can't go far wrong with Red Box.
5	Love this place - love that you can pick your own veggies, love that there is a choice of 4 (maybe 5?) types of noodle, and love that you can customise your dish with additional coriander, chili, spring onion or ginger. I also love the kids' portion. A perfect size for me for lunch. Not tried the meat options, but have to to say that the veggies are always cooked perfectly  - still with a bit of crunch.Tasty tasty tasty!!
4	This place is a really delicious place to stop by if you want a cheap, quick dinner. I first went there about 4 days ago and I found that I was craving it for the entire 4 days until I went there today. I had the ramen noodles, roasted duck and pepper and it was perfectly spiced and flavourful. I couldn't finish it all! I ended up saving it for a late night snack and it was still good upon reheating. Totally worth saving for later if you can't seem to finish it at the restaurant.
4	Ohhhh I see what you did there. You've got the menu all back to front and cute because, well, it's traditional and it confuses the hell out of folk like me. Me all like "oh so we choose our sauce first and our meat second last, how novel!" So yeah, when choosing off the menu-as-you-go, remember it's right to left.Red Box Noodle Bar is a fast-service, quick noodle bar with really fresh ingredients cooked quite delectably. Those prawns, whoah. I knew I was having the prawns when I saw them. All big and juicy and fresh. Ok so the oyster sauce required me to dose about half a bottle of soy for flavour after, and there were far, far more noodles than vegetables but there were a decent number of prawns and it filled the hole.The service was good too, they were happy enough to wait for me to run to a cash machine, no hassle there, and even though we stayed till 10ish on a Monday when they were obviously eager to leave (and go play football?) they weren't arsey about it at all, but instead just asked politely "are you guys finished yeah?"Noodly goodness. Prawny goodness. Goodness me. Yep I like Red Box and Red Box likes me.
2	No. Just no.Maybe because I grew up cooking Indonesian and Thai food, maybe because I'm just really picky about my noodles, or maybe because I'm blind as a bat (or rather my taste-buds are) but no. I just can't, for the love of me, understand what people like about this place.It's clean, it's well-lit, but that's about it for me. The sauces taste factory-made and cover any of the flavours a well-wokked dish should have, the satay is nothing like a proper satay (and I've been making my own satay with the help of my Indonesian Nan since I was 7 years old) and it's just no! I'm not saying you shouldn't go here, I'm just saying it doesn't taste anything like what I expect proper noodles to taste like.Okay, so it's fast food, quickly prepared and I understand why that's attractive to people. But I've eaten here four or five times now and not a single time have I not had the impression that eating cardboard covered in the same sauce would have the exact same taste. It just doesn't tick my boxes.I'm sorry Red Box, I just can't say I'm impressed with you at all.
4	Ok, its no HuHot, but so far it is the best I've had in Edinburgh and you can actually make it decently spicy. Very good on cold days, and great when you have a cold to clear your sinuses if  you like it spicy! Also, it says one meat, three vegetables, but vegetarians get four vegetables! I would definitely recommend this place if you are cravings noodles with veggies, and if you like the hot sauce the Thai Red Curry is the hottest, but I also like to add chilli powder and sliced chilli peppers.
4	Great noodle bar! Choose a noodle, sauce, 3 veg and a meat! Great price and good food!
3	Simple and easy to use menu, food arrived swiftly after we placed our order and it was very good value for money so, despite the rogue beggar who made it through the doors and asked us for money, I'd be more than happy to make a return visit.
3	I was attracted here by the cool retro noodle boxes and the decent reviews on tripadvisor. Being a vegetarian, I was quite skeptical when I saw the cooking preparation here. I asked whether they use separate cooking apparatus for veggies, and despite a positive response, I feel dubious. The food and sauces didn't feel particularly fresh, the interior was quite dirty, and the staff ignored me when I asked for anything after having ordered the meal.The taste of the noodles isn't bad, though it isn't amazing either. There is far too much sauce and far too little fresh ingredients. I went to soba bar last week and got a really good serving of fresh noodles, which was admittedly smaller, but far more satisfying in terms of taste.If you want a lot of food for a good price, this is the place to come. If not, I advise you to go elsewhere.
3	This place deserves a fourth star if we're talking food alone, because my meal was tasty, cheap and fast. And I was very happy with my serving coz it was massive and steaming hot and was all round goodness. I opted for rice noodles with four veggies and the singapore sauce. Yum. Very nice indeed. But Red Box has to stick to three stars at the moment because I sat in and the place was FREEZING. There are no seat backs on the chairs so your back gets sore. And it all looked a little dingy and I felt the eating section needed a bit of a scrub. So although the food was really pretty durned tasty, the experience of eating it wasn't so fun.Ideal for takeaway though! I think I will definitely be back here, just not on a cold day or to sit in.
4	This place is amazing.  I can't count the number of times I ate there as a student in between classes.  On of my favorite activities was getting some noodles on a sunny day, taking them to The Meadows or the park in George Sq. and just watching the clouds drift by overhead with my friends.  They have a wide variety and a fairly inexpensive.  Being so close to the University is really the perfect spot for them.  The only reason I don't give them 5 stars is that they do not have the most comfortable dining area.  Because of the small size of the shop, it can get cramped and loud in there very quickly.  I suggest getting carry out.
3	It is a good pick-your-noodles-and-what-goes-in-them place, served in a card board box. Take-away or eat there, it is not really a place where you hang around. There is tofu, and quite veggie friendly in general.Once ordered food is done quickly. Have a glass of water to go with it.It is good, you get good value. But it is not breaking boundaries of culinary heights.
3	Too salty to eat! I've never eaten such a bowl of salty noodle like this. Except for the taste, it's clean.
4	Came here after leaving the Peachtree House. My friend aptly described this place as the noodle shop version of chipotle. You can pick your starter, noodles, meat,veggies, sauce, and drink. It's at the perfect location for catching people after drinking at the pub across the street. Had a yummy experience.
