4	A new beer bar? I'll be there. I tried to belly up to this bar on Friday and there was a line (an actual line! On Beaubien!) and when I'm looking for a casual beer and hang with a beloved buddy I don't do lines, so I skipped it; but slipped in no sweat on the next sunny Sunday afternoon and this time was not disappointed. A very relaxed, good looking set of rooms, nice dim warm lighting, a feeling of metallic and wood, and a long bar with sleek matching taps. You order from a beer menu with over 20 local choices, including a few nice finds and homemade beers you won't find on other lists in the city. The staff was friendly, calm and helpful and the big windows and two big rooms and long central shared standing table all lure me back for winter drinking. I suspect the buzz will mellow and the lineups will dissipate into a generally popular bar, and I'll be there.
4	Isle de garde entered my list of new bars I needed to visit urgently as soon I read the review from Karine S. Expectations have been set high and satisfied well by the extensive choice of local beers. We, the "old" people, arrived around 7pm on Saturday and the bar was already packed, but we managed to get our own spot of counter type in the second room. Later during the night when the "young" population of Montreal infiltrated the bar, people would be just standing up and drinking. The bar offers also nice list of food options. I had the marinated pork tongue, served in a jar with toasted baguette and mustard, delicious snack for good brew. Service is great. The guys handled very professionally the concern that the second pint of the smoky PunkRaugh lager didn't taste the same, may be they did a mistake when I just ordered "the same" or they just changed the keg, but they brought immediately a small tasting glass and substituted the pint in question. Besides that I enjoyed the floor in the bathrooms, which is of numismatic value. Ultimately, I'm happy to see another bar, where I can explore the amazing Quebec beers!
5	Updating because of a few important things I didn't know about on my first visits: like many of my favourite bars and restaurants in this city there are no televisions. As someone who didn't grow up with one I find the flickering allure of the screen impossible to look away from and for me it's a conversation killer. BUT, the other half of the classically genius Quebec equation is this: a TV, or in this case a projector and big screen, materializes when the Habs play. Isle de Garde play the game without sound so it doesn't take over, but you can keep up with everybody's favourite Canadiens. Also: they have a sandwich that is mac and cheese inside a grilled cheese. Those are my important updates.
