4	So I'm going to this survival weekend outing in the mountains, and I need a few items.  After browsing several online stores, and seeing the prices, I did a local search on Yelp for surplus, and came across Freedom.They are open until 5 on Saturdays, which is good, because I like an afternoon nap.  I rolled up with 30 minutes to spare, and start browsing the racks.  I dont know if it was my Disney Friends Forever shirt, or my unlaced running shoes, but a sales associate promptly came over to where I was shopping, and asked if she could help.Well, she was a huge help, pointing me to the discounted BDUs, suggesting hiking boots, retrieving a wet weather poncho, and bringing me moisture wicking socks.At the checkout counter, the checker inquired if I was planning on wearing the shirt I picked out with the Jacket I picked out."Um, I was planning on it", I retorted.Seems that the shirt was Marines, but the jacket and pants were Army.  She explained members of either branch may take offense at my mix-matchy-ness.  Seems it is my destiny to be emasculated by cute teenage girls.  I thanked her for saving me from a beat-down, paid my tab, and hit the road with my new gear.
1	So, I was in town and my ball bearing necklace breaks (it was 5 years old), so I definitely need to get to an Army Surplus store.  My girlfriend needed to get some survival materials as well, so we headed here (after learning the other surplus store in Mesa had closed down).  Let's start by saying this place is super small with a SHADY parking lot (the area of town isn't all that great either).Walking in the door, you immediately learn the place is crowded as hell...which doesn't bode well for people with broad shoulders.  I was bumping into everything.  Anyway...let's see how they checked out:- MREs...over priced.- Water packets...sold out.- Water purification tablets...none.- Ammo cans...ridiculously over priced.- Ball bearing necklace...99 cents, not bad.So, my girlfriend is a little frustrated that they don't have anything she needed...she's been at work all day and is exhausted, so she takes a seat on something to rest for a moment.  One of the guys working there jokingly tells me to hurry up - big smile on his face, as he says "SHE doesn't want to be here any longer," motioning to my girlfriend.  My girlfriend and I both took offense at this...actually, she did want to be there - but it was 4 or 5 PM and had been a long day for her (in heels).  I wonder how he treats single females that come in there?...or even women who actually don't want to be there - he just makes the experience THAT much more miserable for them?  Great business strategy...I'm sure you get a lot of repeat customers that way.I won't be back.
2	I knew Larada's Army Surplus, and edifice, you're no Larada's Army Surplus.Take your ideal military surplus store. Now slice it in half, making it smaller and more cramped. Reduce the selection. Make the prices higher. And wrap it in a cast-off Circle K building in an extra-sketchy part of Mesa.Et voila: You've got Freedom Military Surplus.
3	Not a bad store. It is rather small and cramped and I found things not always labeled so you had to rummage through racks and find tags to see what items were as some things will typically look the same but are quite different.I found most of what I needed aside from a multi-tool that had both a Phillips and a Flathead screwdriver. This was coughed up to it being Halloween which is their busiest time. Not sure who is buying a specific multi-tool just for Halloween, but okay.The owners were very nice and helped me find most of what I needed after browsing for awhile. Hell, they even had WileyX sunglasses as they became a distributor recently so I snatched a pair of those up too.Overall it wasn't terribly bad. It worked. Not sure there is another place to go to buy military surplus items. Oh and call before you head there on a Sunday. They aren't always open.
3	I would have normaly gone to the yellow store,but it's closed down.Such a shame.I find this place and yep,it's small and cramped,but the staff is friendly and knows where everything is.Impressive because there is a lot of stuff crammed in everywhere.I was looking for some very specifice uniform articles for a friend and the lady was extremely helpful in finding exactly what I was looking for.I found their prices to be average for that kind of thing,so the experience was decent.If I lived out that way,it might have ended up being on the rotation.
4	Size does not matter...  everyone complaining it is too small?  The racks are packed and I found the inventory to be stacked!  Found exactly what I was looking for and nearly bought a few additional backpacks...  they are on my mind!The vets hanging out there are pretty cool too!
4	I dont understand the bad reviews here....I have been to many a surplus stores filled with nonsense and this is one of the few I have ever been to where every item (well 90%) is crucial.Maybe I've been watching Bear Grylls too Much, maybe my Air Force Nostalgia Days are creeping up on me....maybe I just wanted to buy a purple heart and pretend to be a maple syrup conglomerate....All of these things this store fufills....I came out of the store with a few bandanas so I could rep my hood, a kill em all let god sort em out shirt (which I plan on turning into a sleevless), a knife that is also a lighter, and some rope.......I passed on the camo netting this time but next time it may make an appearence in my shopping cart.Good prices, nice staff, good selection, no nonsense.....I like it anyways....wish they had more digital camo but thats about my only complaint....4 Stars for potential to grow as I love the warehouse style surplus store, and there was no vintage miltary vehicle parked out front.....
3	This was the only place that had the beanies that I needed for an Army care package. I would have given them 5 stars, but I was led astray by the sales clerk. When I asked if they had Army issue beanies they said yes & handed them to me. When he opened his care package he found 2 beanies,,,, 1 was Marine issue & 1 was of unknown origin,,,, LOL!!! I laughed so hard it hurt :D Partly it was my fault for not researching this further, but a lie is a lie. Still, funny is funny :)
4	Great place to look around and see what they have.  Not too many stores like this anywhere.  I found some of the most interesting and real old army memoribilia that I could ever imagine.  I had a great time.  I thought the prices might be a little better but that is my only negative.  My expectations were probably unrealistic about price.
5	Big selection and nice people! Definitely going back to check out more!
