1	Specifically dr sell and his team as well as the office has such an extreme lack of professionalism and work ethic. They don't even have the decency to take responsibility for their actions. I highly recommend to steer clear of this doctor and if you have a complaint don't even bother going to the office management they have no back bone and won't resolve your issue.
4	I had a good experience here with Dr. Kauffman.  He's knowledgeable and has great bedside manner.This office is very busy. The only ding I give them is that they were not able to squeeze me in when I had an ear infection and I seriously didn't want to be charged $500 by the emergency room.
1	East Valley Family Medical is a joke, the wait time is hours (one time I waited 4 hours after my appointment time to finally be seen by doctor). The doctors are rushed, they don't ask questions, don't listen, don't provide information. They act and groan and scoff like they're pissed they have to do their job. You wait hours to see a doctor and he sees you for 60 seconds. They're not gay friendly (or people friendly period). They don't do any refills over the phone of any kind under any circumstances, if you need a refill you need to make another appointment  AND they just increased their office visit fee from 50 to 65 bucks. Not happy. Not even a little.
1	Long wait times, very little time with the Doctor. Can't fill the same prescription that i've had for the last 10 yrs over the phone, you have to make an appointment to request a refill. This place is bad, avoid it if you value your time.
1	I don't go here, but if you plan on it read this first;Today I received a voicemail from one of their office staff... "This message is for  (first and last name) this is Olivia from EVFM I am calling in regards to your insurance plan you are due for your routine PAP screen .Blah blah blah......First, I've had this phone number for 3 years, so this office dialed the wrong number.2nd, sounds like an ambulance chaser to me.  Why are they eager beaver (pun intended) for their customer's insurance company?
2	I've been going to EVFM for a long time, over 15 years. They were really good back in the day when they were a small practice. When they took the time to listen and explain things. If I knew where to find Jerrilyn Brown, I would go see her. She was the best, but she left the practice a long time ago.Now they have 3 locations and several physicians, but that doesn't mean their getting better. Wait times are longer, and the doctors rush through the appointments. The last couple years, I leave with unanswered questions. The other problem, they don't do refills over the phone or fax anymore. I need to make an appointment and pay $50 copay to get a refill. They've sent me to referrals, but the last 3 were long commutes from Chandler to Glendale. I don't understand why they can't do business with practices in the are. Actually, when I've gone in, I don't feel like they took care of the problem. It's kind of like "it'll go away on it's own". I don't feel like did anything 'medically'.
4	Up all night with bladder infection, called in the morning and got an appointment right away. Dr. Gold was booked so I saw Dr. Rachel Hansen. She was so sweet and professional like Dr. Gold.  My experience with  all of the staff has been very positive.
3	I'm not totally sure how I feel about this place. People's reviews on here seem to complain about long wait times -- I've never personally experienced that here except a little in the rooms once I get in there. The first time I had an appointment with Dr. Gold, he was busy/out and I ended up seeing someone else. He seemed rushed.However, this last time, I went and I met Dr. Gold, and he was very good. The facilities themselves are pretty run down, it doesn't LOOK that great on the inside, but everyone who's helped me or talked to me here, even the staff, seemed ok. The rooms are kinda hot. Elevator is kinda nuts. But hey, I've been to a lot worse.
1	This is supposed to be a new office, but they've got old technology and the service is from the dark ages also!  Take your insurance money elsewhere.
