2	This hotel has been my home for almost a week so I have gotten to know it well.  For a 'non-smoking' hotel this place sure reeks of cigarettes and joints.  Apparently the management does not think highly of the state's smoking ban.  I have been in worse hotels, and i have been in a lot of better hotels, seeing as i have been living in them for the last 2 months.  This place is ok, the staff is adequately nice, and the cleaning is just under par, and hmmm.. needless to say, there HAS to be better hotels to go to - so go there already and stop reading this review, as I am as bored reading it as I am staying here.
3	This is not a five-star hotel, but it IS a nice place to stay if you need to be down at the U of I for a couple days.  The room was clean and the people at the front desk were very friendly (my boyfriend and I got our room upgraded from a Queen bed to a King bed for no reason).  All the important stuff is A-OK.  And I'd like to state that the hotel definitely did NOT smell like cigarettes and joints, as the previous reviewer writes.  I guess they took care of that problem.3.5 stars!(Curiously, there was a large, HD flatscreen in our room, but no HD cable channels.  What's the point?)
3	I spent two nights here, and honestly, my only complaints were directly related to how I had booked my reservation.  I had planned to only spend one night, which I booked in August, then added a second night a few days before my stay.  My first room wasn't available the second night, so I had to check out, then check back in - not a big deal at all, and the desk staff was very apologetic.I appreciated the warm cookies, friendly staff, and comfortable bed.  My room was quiet, and I liked that I could open the window to get some fresh air as the weather was unexpectedly perfect.  I was especially thankful for the great service when I accidentally left my dome light on all night.  A staff member jumped my car using a battery charger, then pulled his car around and let it run for almost 10 minutes in order to get enough charge to get my car started.The location isn't scenic, but it is close to I-74 and only a few minutes' drive from campus and downtown.  I would definitely stay here again.
5	Had a romantic experience here in the hottub suite with my husband. Nice walk in shower. huge bed and two flat screen tv too. great customer service
4	After checking and running out of motel 8 when we found roaches it was very early in morning,hotel clerk felt bad and let us check in early.very nice room,friendly staff.there continental breakfast best ive seen,all regular stuff,Plus eggs and biscuits and gravy wow,coffee good,everything fresh.when we come back to champagne we will stay here again.
