1	We rented a house with their management company and found them very difficult to deal with.  Perhaps it is due to the language barrier, but overall we found them very unprofessional and unorganized.  The house we rented was in very poor condition.  I found it very difficult in dealing with them regarding issues with the house, and they seemed very bother when brought up issues.  I would highly recommend staying away from this management company if at all possible.
1	Do not waste your time with these people. They are soo dumb. They don't know their own property that they are renting. Beware this might be a scam.
1	These people are lowlife scumbags. They don't spend a dime on repairs unless you threaten them with legal action. They try to rob your security deposit. They tried to make me pay for 10 year old carpet which I am suing them in landlord tennet court which will cost them double. The also sent me a termination letter in retribution for complaining which  I am suing them for which will cost them a 1,000.00 penalty.   They play stupid when you call about a problem and it is going to cost them money
1	This review is for the location on Mtn Spring in chinatown: please for the love of baby Jesus stay away from this place. We rented our property on an emergency basis and I didn't bother to look up reviews before hand. RIGHT NOW: my air conditioner has gone out for the third time within a 4 month period. First time was arnd April and thankfully it wasn't hot but from the time I reported it broken to the time it was fixed was nearly 2 weeks. 2nd time was 4th of July weekend and from time of report to fixing it was out 4 days. 3rd time is now and I reported it broken on July 29 and my air is not fixed and it's frickn over 105 degrees out. Since I have 4 kids in the home, I had no choice but to purchase a very small $300 portable air conditioning unit and when I emailed this lady that I was going to take the expense off rent and she said "yes", I get there to pay my adjusted rent minus the expense and these fools want the entire rent and told me IF the home warranty ppl (the ones paying for repair/replacement of AC) decides to reimburse me that's up to them but they want all the rent...OH HELL TO THE NO! so now I have to work through this problem. Apparently they want my children to die of heat stroke and exhaustion before they will think about making any kind of accommodations even though THEY are responsible for managing the property and maintaining it according to state law. Sooo now I'm going to call housing authority and get in touch with a lawyer for their gross negligence. My youngest is 9 months old ppl! This is absolutely crazy and no one frickn knows when the AC unit will be fixed b/c "they order part or something". Just stay away, just say no!!
1	The first fell on a Friday and I couldn't make it to their office till Monday to drop the rent check...they said I had to pay a late fee.  Totally ridiculous, we pay are rent on time every month and only are renting a home because ours sold so quickly and needed time to find a new home (which we have now), so we will be moving.  I hopefully will be able to get in touch with the owner of the property and let them know what a terrible property management company this is.  I would recommend sleeping in your car before renting from them.
1	I am only giving them 1 star because I have to. Do not rent from this company. This is my 4 month into my lease and they have already lost my rent check TWICE. They are rude and very unprofessional. When going to them and letting them know we did pay they just blame us as if we they did nothing wrong. Our bathtub has not worked since we have moved in and when we moved it they didn't bother to clean it even when we had to pay a cleaning deposit. If you are looking into moving into one of the properties they are renting I HIGHLY suggest that you do not because they are rude, unprofessional, and VERY unorganized. I cannot wait until my lease it up because I will definitely not be re-signing the lease.
1	Most unprofessional company around. They are the reason I will not be renewing my current lease. I have dealt with HOA s that have been impossible to live in there community ,but dealing with poor property management company is worse. Would not list my property with this agency under any circumstances
1	Connie lady is a b*#%! Worst customer service ever. If you don't understand what she tells you she will yell at you like you're dumb. Everyone in that office needs to learn what customer service means. We stopped by at the office for a few questions and told us to call instead because idk they're always busy doing shit. This lady yelled at us while answering our questions so I hope their business would close down or hire new employees.Usually they have a receptionist to answer basic question but we spoke to a Rude lady with no manners. I don't think they care about what customer service means probably the lack of their English speaking skills but I'm so happy our lease ended with these people.
1	I have only been renting a property managed by Nevada Real Estate Corp for one month and I already want to get as far away from them as possible.  They are completely useless on maintenance requests and they require all rent payments to be with certified funds.  What was the point of them doing a credit check, a background check and salary confirmation if they aren't going to accept personal checks?  I was told it is because they had too many tenants who had checks that bounced.  That's your own damn problem, not mine.  Maybe you should screen your tenants better, but you have all the evidence right in front of you that says my check will clear.  My lease even says that certified funds would only be required if my check does not clear the bank.When you walk into their office on Spring Mountain, all you see are the backs of heads and no one turns around to say anything.  If you're lucky maybe one of them will speak English after you cause a scene to get their attention.  When I was signing my lease they would only give me 1 key and 1 garage door opener because my wife wasn't there with me.  She hadn't moved to Vegas yet, so they made her go to their s$%&hole office once she had moved, fill out an application, pay an application fee and then sign the lease before they would give her a key and the other garage door opener.  That's just ridiculous since I had already included her on the initial application and she's my wife, not some random that I'm sharing the place with.This is the worst property management company I've ever come in contact with.  If you are able, stay away from renting from them.
1	Do NOT rent from these low life's  I leased a home from them in Summerlin for two years. Treated that home like my own. Paid our rent by the 28 th of the month. Had air condition issues and during the hot seasons May thru October because one of the units had a slow leak it cost is about 200 per month in extra electric bills because they would not replace one of the units as recommended by their air conditioner service. Because I complained about that and the carpet which was about 9 to 10 years old which was a cream color needed to be replaced they sent me a certified letter giving me 35 days to vacate . We threatend them with court action and they backed off. In Nevada that is considered retrubtution which under Nevada law that is 1,000.00 in damages. Also out of a 2,200.00 deposit they had the gall to refund us 638.00 charging us the cost of replacing the carpet. I have brought a suit in small claims court and obtained a default judgement for almost 6,000.00. Anyone who rents from this company did not let them get away whith this if they try it with you. Take them to court. You do not need an Attorney to do this you can do it yourself. It is not difficult. Any security they keep is theirs not the owners and when you challenge them they blame it own the owners of the property.Neil R
