4	Finally a bar that has obviously been around a long time.  Late 30's, early 40's crowd.  Slow going even on a Saturday at 6pm.  Not a great burger but not bad either.  A little over-cooked, but solid.  Hot french fries.  I'll be sure to visit again and try other items on the menu mainly because of the full bar.  They have a respectable selection of draft beers, scotches and vodkas.  There's billiards and video games but nobody's paying attention to that.  It's hard to categorize because it's mellow enough to have a conversation even with the juke box playing and plenty of people watching games on multiple TVs.  It doesn't feel like a sports bar.  This place has charm and warmth.  Something a lot of newer bars in town are missing.  This is a true neighborhood pub.
4	I've been here a few times with friends, and I've always had a great time. It's good for big groups, and it's enough off the beaten path that it doesn't get too crowded in the evenings. The veggie burger is really good, and the vegetarian chile isn't bad, either.Twice when I've been here, there were kids in the group, and they enjoyed the menu and seemed to have a good time generally. There's a pool table, and there's never a long wait to get your turn to play. There's also some good-sized televisions for watching games.Even with it being a sports-centered kind of bar, it's not ever too loud or too smoky. I appreciate being able to have a conversation with the folks I'm out with, and being able to go out and have a good time without feeling like I need to come home and jump immediately in the shower to get the smog off my flesh and out of my hair.
2	I had a coupon for Providence Road Sundries, so we decided to give it a try.  We were looking for someplace casual, but I was worried I might be a bit underdressed in jeans and a sweatshirt being that Providence Road Sundries is smack-dab in the middle of 1/2 million dollar homes.  Turns out, I couldn't have been more wrong.  In fact, I may have been OVERdressed.  PRS is very casual (not that there's anything wrong with that, but it just differed from my expectations).  Our server was also the bartender and she greeted us at our table from behind the bar (we went on a slow night).The booths are highbacked (nice for some privacy) and made from an old wood.  The tables elsewhere were tables my grandparents had in the 70s, with the rounded seats reminding me of wagonwheels.  The restaurant had the feel of a place I might have really enjoyed during my college years -- hang out with friends, get cheap beer, and eat greasy food.  As an adult, though, it really didn't feel like my scene.  Don't get me wrong.  I'm all about greasy food sometimes.  In fact, we both tried the burgers, but they were average.  As were the french fries that accompanied them.  I guess that was fitting for the setting.  If I lived in the area, I might walk over to Providence Road Sundries for a drink or dinner, but... Ah, heck...who am I kidding?  If I lived in one of the 1/2 million dollar homes in the area, I'd probably have my chauffeur drive me somewhere else.
2	This place is very old, but the ownership has changed hands many times since I was a child.When I was a kid my mom would bring me here for the best bacon cheeseburgers ever.  They were almost like sliders and my memories still make me salivate.These days PRS is more typical bar & bar food than it's legacy suggests.  The kitchen will deliver something typical and depending on who is working you'll get something far more greasy or closer to right than wrong.We hit this place up from time to time because it is centric to a driving route we have often and having a touchstone memory always draws me close but it is something to be wary of.  I'd like to see it revitalized to it's old glory but I don't know who manages it now or their goals.Enter with low expectations and be surprised on occasion.
4	Amidst the over-priced sit down restaurants that prevail Myers Park and Eastover is a little slice of heaven in Providence Road Sundries.  Yeah, it's typical bar food but what do you expect: it's a bar!  Well, no that's not entirely fair.While PRS has a large bar, they actually serve good food.  Of the dozen or so times I've eaten there, I've never had to send back an order and have always returned.  Try the fried Okra...yum! It's a great place to meet as a group as there's lots of seating, tv's for watching the game, the food is good, and staff is always friendly.  They even have the old time video games (no Wii here...try space invaders) so bring your quarters.ONE WORD OF WARNING: Parking SUCKS!  No seriously, this place is very popular so bring a small car and park in back.  Otherwise, plan to park at a church and take a stroll to the restaurant.
3	Not my favorite place to hang out but they have great drink specials and some of the best chicken chili I've ever had - in fact that's really the reason I frequent this place for the chili.  I've had a few other things on the menu and everything is pretty decent.
3	Eaten here 15 times, great for kids, and they eat free some nights.  I like most entree items, none are over-the-top good, but I always look forward to going.  Easy to put together table for 8 or more, and kid friendly, some arcade games in one room.  As others have said, solid bar food, good service, beer and other selections excellent.  Try the sweet potato fries, they are often excellent.
4	Great lunch spot during the week.  Not especially crowded.  Fast & attentive service.  Better than average bar food (I've had their queso, their burrito, their chicken philly, their white bean chicken chili, a chicken parm sandwich and a few other items).  Laid back old school environment.  Feels like a neighborhood joint on the inside.
4	Very Nice.It was like falling back in time when I use to visit the place back in the late 80's early 90's.I stopped by just for a nostalgia moment having a few apps and drinks with the wife, and was definitely not disappointed!I will need to re-visit this location again, as we stopped in on a beautiful Sunday afternoon, and just had a small snack.I am happy that this Providence Road Sundries is still kicking, and as usual, it is a locals place.NCFoodGuy
4	Usually only have drinks when we swing in, they always have good specials and good service. I have eaten there a few times and food has been hit or miss, not really a place I go to eat, usually just to drink. If you want to relax, chat watch some sports this is your spot
4	Although I've only been out to this place once, I'd say I was pretty impressed. I'm a big fan of hole in the wall bar joints and this is definitely up there with some of my other favorites. I don't usually find myself over on this side of town too often, but in the past couple of months I'm beginning to realize I need to be. I attended a graduation party here where we had an entire section of the bar to ourselves. I first took notice of the interior design and layout, then generally started noticing other attributes. Low lighted, adequate seating, and a modest crowd. Very nice.The food for our party was supplied by the bar, and we had a great combination of chips & salsa, mozzarella sticks, pizza, and a few others. I could not keep my hands off the pizza, which was a flatbread-type with mozz, buffalo chicken, blue cheese, jalopenos, etc. Don't know what it was called, but it was great! Service was decent for the number of people in our party. Beer specials on a Saturday night- can't beat it!
4	This is a very good place for families, folks who like a good beer selection and hole in the wall restaurant fans. Really excellent service, good food and more than reasonable prices. We had wings, burgers and local beers - all enjoyable. Will definitely return.
4	Menu looks awesome! Tuesdays there is $5 wines and kids eat free. Has a funky smell, but it's minor and the place is old. Parking in front is tricky, but plenty of parking in the back. Menu is great for large crowds and plenty of seating throughout. Salmon wrap was just okay, but black and blue burger was amazing!! Kinda divey, but I like it. Seat yourself.
4	I come here fairly frequently. I go at various times - weekday lunches, takeout for dinner or to drink/snack at the bar on a weekend. Service is always fast and friendly. Food is bar food, but it's pretty good. They've made some renovations and menu changes in the past year that are for the better. I do miss some of the veggie options (veggie chili and a veggie panini were my go to favs), but there are still good vegetarian options. It is still a local watering hole, but it's one that we bring out of town guests to for a casual/easy night out. Parking is the reason they get 4 instead of 5 stars. Parking can be tricky, but once you go enough you learn to maneuver the lot.
4	While I probably drive past this restaurant every week, I'd not been in for probably 10 years.Then, I ended up there twice in one week.Very pleasant and unpretentious, kind of a standard "beer bar" decor.  Menu was interesting, and they had a wide selection of craft and local beers, and a couple of decent wines, all at a reasonable cost.Waitstaff on both occasions were very nice, quite knowledgable on menu and beers, quick and efficient, while being very personable.Food was excellent, very fresh, generous portions at a reasonable price.We don't get out much at home in Charlotte, but this is back on my list as a great spot for a quick and tasty dinner.
4	This place has been around forever! Nice selection of beer and always some kind of drink specials going on. Plenty of locals will be found chatting it up. This is one of those bars where you don't feel the need to get your "going out" clothes on, just come on by in jeans and t-shirt, you'll fit right in. Great spot for an after work beer or just an anytime beer.
1	Cut down the menu and concentrate on quality. Great neighborhood spot but food is just BAD. Would be great if there were a smaller menu but quality food....
