2	Grade: DYeah, I order my martinis served on the rocks and in goblets... Duh.
4	Great food and service.  Thanks.
3	I stayed away from this chain for years, but after a business trip forced me into their doors multiple nights, I gave my home location another chance.The food is predictable but getting more adventurous over the years, and the korean tacos are pretty exotic. I try not to eat here without looking at the nutritional information in advance; the one time I didn't, I ate half an appetizer (loaded baked potatoes) and a salad and found out that was 2100 calories. There were also pretty substantial delays in service. My other half dozen visits have had excellent service and well prepared food. Maybe the staff wasn't at its best because they were here on New Year's Eve?Though I seldom use it, they have a very nice drink list, especially if you're a fan of tequila. It's also one of the few restaurants I know that offers reward points for eating there. All in all, I choose to go here for a standard night out with people who can't agree on what they want to eat.
3	The Korean tacos are not half bad, and the kid really likes the burgers.
1	My boyfriend and I went here because we had a $25 gift card and thought we'd get a cheap meal. Too bad TGI Fridays is incredibly overpriced. Maybe it's my own fault for choosing something besides a hamburger, but the pasta dinner I ordered was just awful. It was clearly a frozen meal they just heated up (I asked for no mushrooms and they told me it wasn't possible). I know many restaurants do this, but when I get a $50 bill for food I could have heated up at home it doesn't make me happy. Might as well go to Denny's. Same quality food, way better price.
4	I only like this TGIFriday's.  Their service is very good.  I have never had to wait more then 10 minutes to get a table.  The food there is very good.  Always consistent.  I always usually order their House Sirloin-10oz.  It is always juicy and flavorful.  They always keep sodas and other drinks full and their manager always checks on you to make sure that your experience is a good one.  Keep up the good work!!!
4	Great food!  Prices are very reasonable for the amount you get.  Always very busy when I've been in, yet service is still great!
3	They're not bad. The steaks are pretty good. The staff is usually good. I've had a few problems, but not enough to hate the place. Just enough to come less frequently. I love their appetizers. The drinks are usually over priced.
3	TGI Friday's is not a place you go expecting gourmet food. However, I was pleasantly surprised by my lunch the other day. I tried the 2 for $12. It came with a FULL appetizer and entree. Wow. I think, hmmm, how can they make money off of this.Nevertheless, it is comfortable and a great place to grab an easy meal with a friend. I had the mozzarella sticks and the chicken with angel hair pasta. The sauce was balsamic based with fresh chopped herbs and tomatoes. The food was filling and a great comfort meal. I had one of their specialty iced teas and was not overly impressed by it. I do like their drink specials and they have something different to take advantage of each day.Overall, for a chain place, this place is pretty decent.
1	Horrible food no flavor I went with my boyfriend he had gotten the boneless buffalo chicken wings and I got the shrimp and chicken pasta and we shared the Mac and cheese appetizer bites he had a couple of bites of my food and on the way home I started feeling sick when we got home he felt the same way and turns out he's got food poising I wouldn't go here again!
4	Started going here in college with my roommates when they had $5 burger Tuesdays.  Yeah its a chain but they seem to do it right. Menu has the standard fare,  with noticeable twists. They recently changed the recipes for some of their apps,  not for the better in my opinion,  but the green beean fries are my favorite.  Waiters are generally really good, and their stripes card gets you free chips and salsa,  as well as points for free food and desserts.  Vanilla bean cheesecake is a wonderful way to end your tgif dining!
4	I'm not a big fan of chain restaurants but the food was good and our server, Russ, really made our experience a great one. He was super attentive and went out of his way to make sure we were happy. Wonderful way to end a girls night with my daughters. Thank you Russ!
2	Look - My wife likes this place so I go there now and again just to make her happy. I know it violates the bro code, but I have to sleep with her.Me personally, I could care less about Jack Daniels sauce (which is basically reconstituted dried onion and molasses with some other 'secret' ingredients.Too costly for what you get. 2 thumbs down.
