5	When I first came to Vegas, I was almost thrown in the stockade and burned at the steak for asking, "Whaa?" when someone mentioned Roberto's (affectionately Americanized into Robert's by my friends and I).  "HERETIC!" they cried.  Luckily, I pulled out my sugary sweet tea smile and explained in the thickest Southern accent I could muster that I was just a girl from lil' ol' North Care-liiina, and I was forgiven.NOW I know that Robert's is the ultimate hangover food.  One friend always gets the rolled taco meal with guac, the guy likes the carne asada super nachos with sour cream, beans, and cheese only.  Another friend with an empty leg clears a california burrito with all the fixin's, super carne asada nachos, AND a quesadilla.  I love the chili rellenos and tortillas.  And who needs to worry about drunk driving to this place at 4 am when I can easily stumble a block down the street to get here!  And if you don't live a block away from THIS location, I'm sure you're a block away from SOME location--they are about as prolific as rabbits in springtime.So, go get yourself a pollo asado burrito with sour cream and cheese, and wash it down with a tall glass of horchata.  You'll thank me in the morning.**That's the general plaza address...I tried looking it up but it's not on Google or anything and I didn't feel like walking down there JUST for Yelp...but maybe I will later today**
5	Love love love their breakfast burritos and the fact that they're open 24 hours.  The lady who always seems to be on shift whenever I stop in is friendly, quick, and efficient.
5	I moved to Vegas from LA in February and I am sooo happy to have found this place. We ave 'em in LaLa Land, too.I really missed having some food that reminded me of home but this place fills the bill.I HIGHLY recommend the Carne Asada fries!
1	Worst Mexican food I've ever had. Try taco's el Gordo.
4	Gotta love Roberto's. There always open.  Carna asda buritto wet is yummi.
2	Don't get me wrong about this... The food is decent. I've had better from places like El Patio Mexico etc. My boyfriend and I also made a comment that we feel the need to get a Hepatitis test after eating here.My main issues with this place are:A) Dirty dirty dirty. I should have checked around inside before I ordered.B) Soda machine only worked half the time we were thereC) You do not need to drown everything in guacamole. Guac should ALWAYS be on the side... not the main ingredient in a torta or yucking up half the nachos. D) Please get some staff that understand English. Blahblah, I understand this place is a Mexican fast food joint, but when I have to repeat myself a half dozen times to get the order right, only to find guac on everything despite me saying NO to it, I do get rather annoyed. If they fixed these few things up, they'd be a really great place. Until then, there are much better Mexican joints around.
1	Try this place...then, have a nice day on the toilet!!....grease, grease, and more grease!...yuck.
4	Mess load of Nachos(carne asada) came jam packed with lots of toppings, meat, guacamole,cheese, beans and were a great deal for 7 bux. Carne Asada burrito for 5 bux was simple and tasty, not enormous, but def more than enough food. Don't expect a neat and clean restaraunt, as no one was cleanin tables, but hey its a taco joint so we weren't suprised.
3	Drove all the way from the NW at the recommendation of a friend. Maybe the only Roberto's in town that has Carne Asada Onion Rings. Someone needs to tell the owners they should have that at ALL locations so I dont have to drive so far next time. Came around 3 in the afternoon on Monday and the placed was packed with kids so I ended up taking order to go. Other than that, same great late night eats as other locations!
5	This is MY roberto's!! Love it and come here often, even though it's in a dirty area.
4	Roberto's has the best carne asada burritos and the fixin's at the salsa bar are tasty. Red and green sauce and spicy carrots and lime wedges . Also enjoy the 3 rolled tacos with guc .I do agree with some of the reviews about the place being a mess. But that is some of the appeal to most taco shops. I mean risking your life for good tacos and burritos is exciting and I also agree this place is perfect after a late night of drinking.
4	The horchata is bomb and the tortas have lots of guacamole, but its really frustrating that the frijoles have lard. There are many things on the menu I just can't eat, but the chicken wings at certain locations are good and cheap!
4	Roberto's Taco Shops have very authentic and tasty Mexican food...awesome frijoles, delicious shredded chicken tacos, rolled tacos, decent spanish rice, and so much more! Open 24 hours and they usually offer a great chicken taco deal on Wednesdays...99 cents each!
4	I live right across the street from Robertos which is awesome cuz I love this place. From their BIG breakfast burritos to their GIANT chimichangas, this place has it all. $1 chicken tacos on Wednesdays are great as well. A little oily but still good. The only thing i think they should change is that they should make their own in-house horchata instead of the machine one. Other than that this place is fire!!!!
1	I do not understand these reviews at all. I went to Roberto's one evening for a burrito and some tacos. This place being from LA, already impressed me as I walked in the door. The second that I got in and paid my fee, my opinion changed. I cannot believe that they charge over $6 for two tacos, which were not only NOT fresh, but the tortilla was burned, the sour cream tasted terrible, and the beans were burnt. The meat tasted horrid, even worse than ground meat bought at some bad supermarket, and I don't even think it was steak. I don't understand why people rave about this place - it is strongly disappointing. I can't wait for another taco company or truck to come out with real Mexican food, fresh ingredients, and actual tacos that are worth their price. I wanted to make sure that it wasn't just this location so I went to the one on Harmon across from uNLV too and it was even worse. I've definitely had better, and while I understand that some businesses can stay in business due to the hype, this is definitely NOT authentic Mexican food. Instead it is a place that has cut corners and used poor quality food.
1	Carne asada meat was dog food quality--simultaneously fatty and tough.  The woman who took my order had trouble communicating in English.  And they have a no substitutions policy, so you're stuck paying $2 more for an equivalent burrito or eating their nasty pico de gallo.
3	Giving these guys a 3 Stars reason food is good service needs work. Besides getting my food fast I wanted a custom burrito I wanted chicken lettuce tomato cheese and sour cream in the burrito. I got a chicken burrito sour cream on the side lettuce cheese and tomatoes under the burrito not where I come from that is not inside the burrito so next time I see you do this I'm going to make you fix it. You luck out this time because I was tired and wanted to go home.
5	There are the best burritos I have ever eaten. All food in Roberto's taco shop is yummy. . Whenever I come to Las Vegas. Or San Diego I have to pass by with my Filipino friends.  Actually they suggested to me.
5	This place never disappoints me. Not like. The one on rancho and lakemead. That. Store is so hit and miss. But anyways best mexican food on this side of town. There burritos are nevet skimpy always nice and filling. You wont leave hungry that for sure.. enjoy
5	Simply put, BEST HARD TACOS I've ever had. Mexican food is my favorite and nothing compares to what this place has to offer. Grew up in San Diego eating Mexican every day. Add sour cream or guacamole for the best taste.
