3	The service was very friendly, fast service the place wasn't too packed as I stopped by around 11am. The pupusas were somewhat thin and lacking cheese opposed to others I've eaten.
1	Bad Service. Bad Food. My boyfriend ordered a kolashampan and they were flat. Ugly interior with a sign that says Welcome To Gringo's. I ordered the plantains with cream and beans. These were the most watered down beans I ever had. Horrible. My boyfriend's egg had runny oil. Ugh. I wish I had a warning.
2	Horrible service. There's no menu on the walls or some sort of hint as to what they serve. I had to ask for a paper menu. She looked at me like I was crazy when I asked her for the menu. She automatically assumed I knew what was going on in there which I didn't. Waited about 20 min for 4 pupusas which were okay but not enough content inside. You would think they would invest in the esthetics of their store and the quality of their food rather than the expensive surveillance system they have. The sitting area was dirty you can tell no effort is out in their cleaning and it doesn't feel like they give one crap about the way their restaurant looks. I'm sure if they cared they would be getting better reviews on here.
3	The place itself looks a little run down. But the service was great. I placed an order over the phone for some pupusas. She told me it would be a 10 minute wait. Which to me was perfect. I got there and the place looked a little dirty. I don't know, it could've been all the bright colors they had going on. Any way I liked their food. It had good taste. It could've had a bit more meat but whatever.
1	I wish there was a NO STARS option. DO NOT COME HERE! I came with a Restaurant.com gift certificate and they had the nerve to tell me that Restaurant.com is a fraudulent company and that they won't accept my gift certificate because its a SCAM! I for one know that Restaurant.com is a legit company that I have used several times. Their restaurant has been featured on their site for years, which i proceeded to show my waitress on my phone, but she had no response.  money is tight with a baby on the way and we only went there because i had this certificate. My husband ordered because he was starving, but i refused to eat or drink anything from this establishment because they are the ones that are FRAUDULENT!  These people are shady and food is mediocre at best, hardly any filling in the pupusas and the wait is ridiculous!
4	Awesome food... I went here to pick up a plate of food to go. If u don't mind waiting a bit for your food to be done, this is a must. The pupusas are the beat in town in my opinion.
