2	okay. $100 a night. it smells like chemicals. my internet doesn't work in my room. my tv remote is broken. the elevator make me press the button with the force of 40 tons. i don't have that much power!!!the only thing this place has going for it, is location, location, location.don't stay here...you might get cancer from all the chemicals in the rooms.  but sometimes...the university inn is the only option....i pity you if that is your choice.good luck living through the night.
3	Considering my friends from College Part 1 wanted to plan for an early March reunion (and it's friggin cold that time of year), I was definitely voting for all of us to stay somewhere close to State Street. It is true it is pricey but it's right in the middle of everything.  Our room was clean, parking is free, and aside from some drunk 45 year old woman soliciting me and my boyfriend for a threesome, my experience with the University Inn was generally positive.
1	A landlord put me up here because of issues in my apartment, so if you're staying for free... this place is a good deal.Warning, I'm a bit of a "hotel snob."  This is due to the fact that I've worked housekeeping and front office positions.  Maybe I expect too muchThe lobby is the best part of the hotel.  It's updated, and being called the "University Inn" the old Madison pictures were neat to look at.  I thought it was a little odd that the front desk agent was seated behind the desk at a small desk behind the main check in desk.  It took her some time to notice that we were trying to check in due to this.  She was generally friendly, though.We took the stairs after hearing about the sketchy elevator.  The stairwell smelled unpleasant.The hallway to the rooms is outdated & gave me a weird, creeped out feeling.  There were no signs to tell you which direction which rooms were (or which direction the lobby was when you were leaving your room).  Granted, there aren't that many twists & turns, I still found myself walking the wrong way a few times.The room smelled pleasant, but I always have to do a walk through of the room before getting settled.  There was a twist tie on the bathroom floor.  I know this isn't hair or anything, but it was easily noticeable and makes me question how clean the rest of the room was.  We had a room with 2 double beds and only needed one, so I "inspected" each to figure out which one I would feel comfortable sleeping in.  There was a large black hair in the one, so my decision was made.Do not run your finger along any edges (headboard, electrical outlets, sidetable) because you will notice the thick layers of dust.Continuing with (lack of) cleanliness, the window was covered in fingerprints & handprints.  On the plus side, once you looked through the prints, there was a nice view of state street.  On the negative side, this means that it was loud (which they can't control, just letting you know before you book).There was a penny and a pill (prescription) on the floor near the bed, so make your own judgements on how clean the rooms are.The bed was comfy, but overall the room was outdated (the comforter, the pink blanket on the bed, the tv, the teal bathroom).  I thought it was weird that the closet doors (which are like a typical sliding door closet in hotels) was only on a track on the top and not on the bottom, meaning that if you push it it swings.  Nothing wrong with that, just peculiar.The bathroom door was slightly damaged in the middle, as if someone punched it.  Nothing wrong, just peculiar.The main door used a keycard lock and had a deadbolt, but did not have a chain like most hotels do.  This implies that a hotel staff member can simply use a keycard to override your deadbolt and access the room.  I did see security cameras in the lobby, which is reassuring, but hotels are sketch, a chain would have been wonderful... Especially because the door isn't weighted and doesn't close on it's own, make sure you pull it shut all the way.I thought it was hilarious that the wireless signal is supposed to be "University Inn" but "University" is spelled wrong (Univeristy, or something similar to that).No pool.  Small building, that makes sense.No restaurantFree parkingYou can't dock the hotel for any noise issues; it's the location, they can't control that.  It's outdated, they at least have a chance to fix that.  The big thing which they have most control over is how clean the room is, and it's an epic fail on that one.Spend the extra $20-$40 to stay at the Doubletree, Edgwater, or Campus Inn since those are all in that same area
4	Positives:  Right in the heart of everything. Negs:  Right in the heart of everything.Clean enough and a bit dated but who goes to Madison to stay in the room? (although I don't want to think about the history of the towels I used).  So if drinking and partying and drinking more and listening to other people outside doing the same is what you are looking for... this room is great especially when you consider you will be blacked out within a few hours of check in.
4	The rooms are clean and the beds are comfy, the staff is friendly, and the location is excellent. There was a nice sized fridge in the room which is a plus in my mind. I think if they were to put some coffee/tea making facilities in the room, that would be great. Their free wifi worked great, even for streaming Netflix. We were on business at the University and everything was a short walk away, no need to car rentals and parking.
4	With so much to do right outside your door, you'll not be spending a lot of time in your hotel room in. Large room, full closet.  Feels like a very large dorm room.  Comfortable beds and a clean room. TV and WiFi. Great pricing for UW families. Perfect location right in the heart of the city across the street from State Street Brats.  For quite night's sleep ask for a room over the parking lot
2	Great location and staff, average to below average rooms. I think it was clean?
4	Location can't be beat. Price is the best for a campus area room. Only downside is that the rooms are tiny, but I'm not spending much time on them when I'm in madison. Has a mini fridge to keep the back up beers chilled.  I never, ever had and issue with the staff or rooms not being clean.
4	This has sadly closed permanently. Too bad. Really too bad. As it was the only affordable place right in downtown Madison close to the action.
