5	I met with a representative Scent from above at a breakfast meeting a couple weeks ago and it just so happened that I needed one of my rental properties cleaned.  I had her come by and she was prompt, she listened to my concerns about the house, and she made suggestions.  From the beginning she was very professional and friendly. When the cleaning crew was finished I got a phone call and went to inspect.  It was beautiful!  I'm very happy with Scent from above and have already referred one of my friends.  I will be referring many more people in the future.
5	Scent from Above is a little gift from Heaven! Angel, the owner, is very professional and friendly. The crew is always on time and if they are running behind, will call me and let me know. The crew of 3-5 people are efficient, thorough and they leave the house sparkling clean and smelling fresh (not like some companies that use harsh chemicals and the house reeks). They are cognizant of getting all areas of the home clean including baseboards, shutters, tops of window frames, cabinet fronts, appliances and even hard to reach places under the beds and furniture. I trust them in my home and am happy I finally found such a great company.
5	This past week I needed an emergency cleaning for some out of town guest that were coming into town.  My regular cleaning people could not schedule me so I found Scent from Above who were able to get me scheduled the time and day I needed.  There was a crew of two and they were AMAZING!!!!  They dusted and cleaned places that my normal cleaning crew would never think of doing.  I was so impressed with their service that I am now using them on a regular basis.  If you need your house CLEAN, try them out and see for yourself.  LOVED their service and crew!  Quick, professional THOROUGH and friendly.  Thank you!!!!
5	Fair quotes, quality work, did an amazing job on our carpets treating stains and getting the old carpet back to like new.
1	This place was recommended to me by my property management company for our move out cleaning. I figured if we went with a company my property management recommended, we would be safe. Unfortunately, we were taken advantage of. When I called, I was told the cleaning would cost around $150. To me that seemed fair. I was not explained anything else, just reassured that they knew what my property management was looking for and they would get it taken care of. My roommate called after she was called for the final charge. It was $225. I called the company since I was the one who was given the original quote.The owner called me back promptly to explain the 50% increase. I was told that the cleaning charged hourly per person they had on the job. There were 6 people cleaning our apartment that day. This is a 2 bed/2bath apartment mind you...not very big and it took those 6 people over two hours to clean.  ((The last cleaning service I used for my previous, and larger, townhouse cost $100 for one person to clean for 4 hours. She did a great job.))Not only were we not informed of this per cleaner per hour nonsense (and the fact that 6 people were going to be on the job) but the owner proceeded to accuse us of asking the cleaners to wash our windows which was not true. My roommate was there to let the crew in and when she returned to lock up, they went over what was done. She was not asked about if she wanted window cleaning or warned that this would take more time as it's apparently not a part of their usual service. The owner of the company also said we had left things in the apartment that they had to move around during cleaning. The only items left before cleaning were a few hangers in the closet and a toilet bowl brush. Somehow, I highly doubt that these items cost them more than a few seconds to move aside. Needless to say, I feel we were taken advantage of. I understand that this woman is trying to run a business but she's not doing a very good job managing it or communicating to the client how the costs break down BEFOREHAND. I'm sure that these people did a good job cleaning but there is no way there are 6 people needed for such a small space and for that amount of time. Being accused of asking their cleaners to add on more services was also not appreciated.I would NOT recommend this place by any means. Sure, the apartment was clean but it should not have cost what it did. My roommate and I are very clean people and kept up with housekeeping regularly. The apartment did not have any carpeting or things that would take an enormous amount of time to clean and the accusations this woman laid on us were absolutely ridiculous. People should not be taken advantage of like this. I have expressed to my property management company my concerns about this business and I am also about to send in a complaint to the Better Business Bureau.
5	I was just getting ready ready to review Scent From Above when I read Rachel's review. Wow. Considering they had no electricity and did what was on the list  I think you may be a little harsh. I have used Scent From Above for about three years. I am a flooring contractor and she cleans the mess we sometimes leave. I have never had a complaint either on my end or my clients. Her crews are personable and efficient and i have always felt that I was treated fairly. In my business we tell the client that labor prices are an estimate. We try to be fair but don't always know what we are getting into. Sometimes it just takes a little longer. Remember, you get what you pay for...at best. Just curious; since they were to be more money than your last person, why didn't you use them?Oh and my recent experience? We installed wall brick and forgot to use grout release. What a mess...for two hours. That is how long it took for Scent From Above to drive over and clean my wall. Outcome? Payday from client and a hug from me.
5	Angel is absloutely Fabulous!! Our Office Shines!!! "Scent from Heaven"- Literally! We are so happy our office found her! Thank you so Much for all the work you Do!!! We will be and have been recommending "Scent from Heaven" to our patients, and Business partners! ;-) Dental Works P.C.Scottsdale, AZ
5	Angel and the rest of the girls at "Scent From Above" were absolutely amazing. They cleaned my home I just put on the market and it is definitely MOVE IN READY. The buyers will be happy to not have to do a thing but move in :-)  I would recommend "Scent From Above" to all of my friends and co-workers.
5	I own a property management company in Phoenix and I use Scent from Above for all property move outs and move ins.  I will summarize my satisfaction as follows:  I have never had a tenant call me at move in stating the property needs cleaning after Scent From Above has been there.  Makes my job easier, I am very pleased!
