5	My friend Tom W. introduced me to this place... He works out at the Pure Fitness across the parking lot and got into the habit of going to One Stop Nutrition to pick up a smoothie and refuel after his workouts.  Lucky for me, he's a nice guy and oftentimes calls to see if I'd like a smoothie also.Now I'm hooked.  I love that this place will customize my smoothie with exactly what i request and it always tastes great!  This afternoon I had a smoothie with their non-fat yogurt base, fresh mixed berries, fresh banana, and protein powder.  It was the perfect snack to hold me over for 3+  hours until dinner.I've also bought some supplements, vitamins, and sports nutrition bars here in the past.  The staff (I believe it's actually the owner that has helped me out) is always extremely friendly and knowledgeable on the products they carry.  I've seen trainers from different gyms there on occasion as well, and I believe they may even have wireless if you want to enjoy your smoothie on the spot!Like I said, I'm hooked... I should probably start one of their 'buy 9 smoothies get the 10th free' cards as I'll be there in no time!  See you there!
4	I was craving a treat so I came by OSN for an afternoon smoothie. First of all, I love the way you can really custom order your smoothie. Yogurt, milk, soy milk, or orange juice. They have loads of fruit flavors but I will say that I was a little disappointed that they use the Oasis fruit concentrate syrups instead of frozen fruit. Then there are the add-ins: immunity boost, ginseng, protein, fat burner, flaxseed oil and more. The smoothie i ordered (soy milk with mango-raspberry) was soooo yummy (and huge)! I started off on the frequent smoothie-er card too, though I think this will be a somewhat infrequent treat because of the fruit syrups. Still, I like the One Stop Nutrition can quench my sweet tooth in a somewhat healthier way, and leave me feeling full for hours!
5	I'm about as far from a hardbody meathead as you can get. But they know me; I'm the guy who frequently comes in to get the freshly prepared low-carb meal replacement smoothie.The smoothies are delicious. I'm still waiting for them to post their nutritional facts online, but I'm sure they're solid.Their inventory of all things related to protein, vitamins, protein, HGH, and protein, and things that are protein-related, as well as protein, and good supplements for weight loss and fitness, like protein, is rather impressive. They apparently sell a lot, so they are able to keep their prices low. If I wanted to buy anything related to fitness nutrition products, my first stop would be Amazon.com, but my next option would be One Stop Nutrition. And Amazon doesn't prepare fresh smoothies like these guys do.By the way, the staff is ridiculously friendly and kind. Fantastic model for all retail.
5	This place is a perfect model for retail customer service, It's hands down the best supplement/vitamin shop you will ever find in the area. When you walk into a GNC or a Hi-health store you will typically find 1 employee running the store who is usually behind the desk reading a book or magazine who if you're lucky might greet you when you walk in the door. The best is when you have an 65 yr old lady attempting to talk to you about working out and Creatine supplements. Not to mention all these other retail stores are much more expensive!!This place is a breath of fresh air for anyone who purchases supplements and doesn't always have the time to research product before coming in. I consider myself knowledgeable when it comes to health supplements but this guys really really know what they are talking about!!! You can tell they take pride in what they do and will have no problem answering your questions and giving you there full attention.Best part is there smoothie selection, its amazing and has something for you no matter what type of diet your on from Mass Gainers, Low Carb, Meal Replacements amongst others I've not not tried while having the typical add in that other place offer(ginseng, multi-vitamin, energy boost). Hats off to the owner for what he's created here! As someone has mentioned previously, he typically buys his product off Amazon which is great, however these people supply me with the best customer service, the most up to date product information, and having no problem stopping what they are doing as soon as I walk into the store to assist me. They have earned my business for life and I will supportgood local businesses, I have no problem spending a few extra dollars to do so.
4	Great place for supplements. They have a knowledgeable staff and have a great selection of product. The prices are about average as well. Not to high but not Super cheap either. They also have a smoothie bar as well that's pretty sweet!
4	Places like this are a great concept: If you're being food-conscious and on the go and need a quick protein option that doesn't involve requesting all sorts of adjustments ("hold the sauce, grilled only, no butter"), this place is ideal.I walked in between a wedding ceremony and a reception that was going to involve lots of stuff I can't eat this particular week, was greeted by a friendly guy manning the place.  Told him I just needed something to hold me until we survived the reception and made our way home.  For $4ish bucks, I got a huge cup of ~25g of protein - exactly what I was looking for: whey isolate, vanilla, water-based, NOT sweetened (though they do have that option), to go...YO HO!  IN and OUT of there I was.  Now I need to find one near my area.
4	The Chocolate, Peanut Butter, Banana protein shake is delici! Great for a post workout treat or if you have had your wisdom's pulled. If and when I feel under the weather I usually go in and get a vitamin c smoothie with an immune booster. They also sell supplements and lotions. JD is great!
4	Got a mango banana smoothie. Up to 4 flavors per drink. Branch chain amino acids were an extra 50 cents. Total price was $6.50. Punch cards with the 10th smoothie free. I would not frequent often enough to get one. It is a quick pick me up next to LA Fitness when you are in a pinch.
