4	Fry's is one of the many upscale grocers in the area and is owned by the food retailer Kroger. They have a nice mixture of housewares (though they are not a Fry's Marketplace) and some of the better name food brands and an excellent meat & fish section. You will never confuse this Fry's for an AJs, but they do carry some quality items and the good news is that Kroger is in the process of upgrading some of its stores. One can only hope this locations will get some of that treatment because it is sort of plain!
4	I love it.  I hate it.  I love it.OK, I admit to having a love-hate relationship with this Frys.  I've had some pretty negative experiences here.  I once was schooled on selecting corn by the Produce Manager, who made a scene about they way I was looking for my veggies.  It was a unique experience to be sure.Add in a couple more bad shopping odysseys, I got wise and stayed away.  After all, there are far too many other nearby stores who will let me shuffle the produce to find my preferred apple, or avocados, or whatever.   BUT!   I went Monday late afternoon, inwardly cringing at my foolish desire to hit the nearest grocery store.  And, guess what?Everyone was friendly.  And I mean REALLY FRIENDLY.  Surly was out- Sweet was in!  No cantankerous produce managers scaring away the shoppers.  No grumpy employees avoiding eye contact.  I was able to fill my shopping cart with everything I needed.  I was asked several times if I needed some assistance.  Folks was friendly!So, if you've avoided this store, give them another chance.  They carry a large inventory selection, and it's always clean.     I'll be back!
1	This is the WORSE Fry's I have ever been too. My boyfriend and I live a block a way and we drive all the way up to Tatum and Shea to grocery shop just to avoid this Fry's. The store is ALWAYS FILTHY, The employees are ALWAYS unhelpful. Not Once, Not Twice, but Three times we have been standing at the self checkout with the machine yelling, attendant has been notified because god for bid we didn't bag something in time and the attendant COMPLETELY Ignores this and continues her conversation with a co-worker. So finally we got fed up and we started going through the regular checkout, where the cashier proceeded to make bird noises at me and then the absent minded boy who bagged my groceries just threw all the canned goods directly on-top of my bread, which is such a cliche but I guess for a reason. This Fry's is just ridiculous and not worth shopping at
5	I love this Fry's! The employees are friendly and very helpful. Prices are always good! There deli has so many options. I like this one also because it is just food and not a marketplace!
1	This is the worst customer service at the deli counter I've ever seen the worst dirty employees joking around not helping the customers.       Go to shea and Tatum store go to cave creek and Tatum store learn by those employees
1	This is NOT a 24hr pharmacy as advertised.  Very disappointing to get there & find out the pharmacist went home at 9pm.
