3	This really isn't my sort of restaurant, but the family wanted seafood, and there aren't too many options, so we ended up here.  The Seafarer near Albemarle Road (think: the big whale) was closed, and this was all we could think of that wasn't too far away.First, the good...The place is huge.  Cavernous, really.  In fact, one of the kids made up a new word to describe it (which I can't remember right now).  Ginormous plus something else, which I guess makes it one made up word with another one.  It's even worse because it was pretty close to empty.  Maybe it gets busier on weekend, but not on a Monday night.Staff is friendly.  Ish.  Not overly friendly, but nice enough.Portions are large.  No ifs, ands or buts about it.  I tend to like eating, and I ate plenty, but there were lots of leftovers.  If this was kitchen nightmares, Gordon Ramsey would wonder what they are doing giving away so much food.The sweet tea is sweet.  Not quite as syrupy as my granny used to make, but awfully close.  Perhaps the closest I've had in a restaurant.Now, the bad...There really isn't anything, other than the fact that the food is so-so, but that's really to be expected.  I mean it's not like Charlotte is on the water in any way, shape or form, so did you expect fresh seafood?  It's not bad, it just isn't that great.The hush puppies are pretty decent, and the food comes out quickly, it's just that it's not fresh, so it can only be so good, you know?
5	Wow to live in Charlotte and get the this awesome of a seafood experience is like having my own chef!!!  I found this place by accident as I was just lost basically trying to find 485 outer loop.In the hopeless traffic of Independence I saw this place witch has a huge parking lot, attentive waiters and waitresses as weill food that you can pack and reheat the next day.The selection of seafood is second to none as you several selections of southern style (fried) seafood, grilled seafood (lots of choices), and even lobster available anytime.  The one thing I love the most is the size of the entrees as they are huge.  The salads are huge as well.  The waiters give free hushpuppies and they have hot sauce available for those of us who like fiery seafood.  The waitresses are nice and attentive openly giving your not just a glass but also two glases of your chosen beverage.
2	Fried, fried, and well more fried what a surprise. Came here when my brother had a craving for crab and seafood, and this one was the only one still open at that time. Big parking space and from Independence it looks like a large mom and pops grocery store. Lets say, even when the store was empty our service was still kind of "okay." They have a wide selection of seafood, however keep this in mind this place is all fried. I personally won't come back because the selection on the menu, however if you're all into fried: go for it.
4	I had the blackened salmon that was on special for the night. For $8.99 you get the free hush puppy appetizer a decent portion of fish, side and some slaw. Wish their beer selection was better. Server was super nice and really made me feel welcome. The place is huge. But I like seeing places recycling old buildings.
1	Bottom line, the food was tasteless and terrible. Mine went in the trash. We should have returned it all and gotten our money back but the weather was rainy and the traffic was heavy and my husband didn't want to drive back.We got the combination platter dinners.  All the fish was overcooked and dry. It was all tasteless. The batter hard and taste. This slaw was way sweet. The hush puppies were tough doughy and tasteless. We'll never go there again. I wouldn't feed Captain's Galley's food to a dog.
3	Actually, I enjoyed the food.  The salmon was good, as was the sweet potato. Cole slaw was okay; not the best but okay.The problem was the cocktail sauce, tarter sauce, and ketchup bottles on the table.  Their spouts were crusted with old sauce...looked like they hadn't been cleaned off in months, never mind daily.  Very unappetizing and really gross.When leaving, I asked to speak to the manager but was told 'he was busy'. Told the Hostess (who, by the way, wasn't seating people for the first five minutes or so we were waiting, even though the place was nearly empty; don't know where she was) about the crusty bottles, but I don't think she cared. So I'm writing this review in case the manager reads it 'cause I'm pretty sure she won't pass on the message.
5	I have never had a bad meal at Captains Galley.  The huspuppies are hot and fresh every time and I ask for cold tartar sauce instead of eating the  tartar sauce on the table. The fried scallops and oysters are outstanding every time, never greasy & always cooked perfectly and the portons are large.  The scallops are big too!   The salad is big and their dressings are homemade.  The baked potato is hot and they don't open it so it stays hot until you are ready to eat it. The best waitress is Melanie, so ask for her on your next trip.  I go for the wonderful food and don't care about the decor.  The value & food beats Red Lobster 1000%.  GIve it a try and ask for Melanie.
5	This is the BEST place to get seafood!  The fried oysters, scallops and fantail shrimp are out of this world - cooked perfectly and not the least bit greasy.  The hush puppies are homemade, fresh, hot and crispy!    The salads are big and dressings are homemade.  This place beats Steve's, Red Lobster and all the other places for seafood. The bottle beer is cold so what else could you possibly want?  You should try it!
3	Captain's Galley is currently closed for renovations.  We usually have good service when we go there, even with a large than normal group.One Sunday we went there for lunch after church.  They weren't very busy at all.  Our order was taken soon after we sat down, then we waited and waited... And waited.  After 30 min I asked the waitress if there was a problem with our order.  She gave me a very rude reply "No, as soon as it's ready I'll bring it out to you.  OK?".  Needless to say we packed up our things and left that day.  I'm sure the waitress was just having a bad day that day, and there was probably something going on with the kitchen too.Accept that one incident, we've had good service and the food has always been good.  We especially like the hush puppies!!
