5	We arrived in the very late afternoon for an early dinner.  Basically there weren't any other customers,so we had the place to ourselves. We were promptly greeted by the waitress and the cooking staff and seated. We ordered our non alcoholic beverages, as they currently don't have their liquor license,being opened so recently. We were brought homemade garlic bread that had very finely chopped fresh garlic on it.  This was a very surprising and delicious bread. We then ordered our meals. Chicken Piccata for my wife, Stuffed Shells with Ricotta for our adult daughter, and Veal Milanese for myself. They brought enormous portions of each, that were clearly homemade and delicious. I frankly don't understand how their prices were so low.  The veal was very high quality and cooked to perfection. We each tried the other's dish agreed that it was the best we'd had in years. The location is in a small strip mall, located at the corner of Lone Mountain and Decatur and is a little hard to find seeing as they still don't have a permanent sign yet.Incidently, the location was packed by now with the early dinner crowd. As of now, they still don't have much in the way of decoration up, but was more than made up for by the wait staff and cooks. I have to emphasize that all the food was high quality, homemade Italian style cuisine.  Being originally from the east coast this was a pleasant surprise. We hope to go back many times, hope they prosper. This will be our "Go to place" from now on. They take most major credit cards. Get there early to avoid the rush, Bon Appetite !
5	We came in on a Friday, it's a mom and pops Resturant so not any tables and when it's busy everything seems fast paced.. We were seated and our waitress even though it was busy was very attentive to us, made us feel welcome, she gave us time with the menu and told us right away what the special was:: Salad was good, small but good, also the bread came out piping hot ( I love that ):: I could here them pounding my chicken Parmesan which was awesome! Made to order baby!Came out banging hot! And I ate every bit:: pasta was thick but good:: tomatoes pieces were thick and good... Give it a A :: grade family Italiano:: will be back for seconds :: hope the Chef does not change a Single thing::
5	You can tell with your first bite, that Don Michael's uses the best ingredients in their food. You can also see and taste the history and experience that goes into everything they make, including the brown seared veal which is not overcooked to the strong taste of Italian espresso in the tiramisu. great Italian food unbelievable prices.
5	What an excellent dinner we had, best chicken picata and my husband said his spaghetti and meatballs was the best he had ever eaten.They make their own bread and pasta everything is homemade.What a gold mine in our neighborhood.Will definitely be going there again.
5	A nice little Italian place with freshly made dishes. The chicken parmesan and lasagna were excellent and save room for the tiramasu and cannolis. Looking forward to dining here again in the future.
5	Don Michael's has become our date night spot.  The food is home made, with love. Chef Don goes out of his way to cook his heart out for his customers.  The menu is pretty standard Italian fare, but simplicity is what sets this place apart.  The calamari was my favorite appetizer.  Lightly breaded, moist and delicate, never overcooked, a great combination of rings and tentacles perfectly balanced with hot peppers and marinara sauce. Always perfectly cooked.  I say WAS, because I was blown away by last weeks special appetizer.  Portabello mushrooms with a mozzarella gorgonzola sauce served over fresh spinach that wilts from the heat of the mushrooms.  You get both the soft and crisp texture of the spinach.  I had never had this dish anywhere before, and look forward to it again.My favorite entrees are usually chicken.  I like the picata, and Chef Don will make Francese if you ask nicely.  Chicken is always fork tender with the perfect amount of sauce.Veal marsala is a new favorite, and the veal is high quality and perfectly cooked.  Again it was so tender you could cut it with a fork.The marinara sauce is sooooo good.  So simple and clean, I often get some to take home.Customers are like family, (and often are family).  Customers talk from table to table, raving about the food.  The first time I was about to enter the restaurant, exiting customers were raving about it.  A good sign.Food allergies?  No worries.  Chef will accomodate all of your requests.This place is amazingly good, and amazingly reasonable.  A little off the beaten path if you don't live in the neighborhood, but well worth the trip.
3	The food here is good.   My companion loved her chicken Marsala,  which had a great tangy sauce.  The fresh--made marinara was excellent, over angel hair spaghetti.   My fettuccine Alfredo was flavored well, but was dry.      It's a mom and pop place, and it really shows in the service.   Folk's are nice, but everything was slow.   Order taking,  drinks, silverware, bread, napkins, salad, parmesan cheese, entrees, the check, everything was slow.
5	Priced right, excellent food, a menu that is not overcrowded, and owners that care.  Sure the decor is not 5 star, nor is there Valet parking.. Rather do you get food that is made to order, with care and passion, and very reasonably priced.  Bring a good attitude, dress down and gather for a good meal.It is as some have described in earlier reviews, a place where they will make you feel welcome.  The heritage is over 30 years of very respectable Italian restaurant ownership and management, and it shows.  Keeping it Simple works !  VISA & MasterCard is accepted, so is Cash.  No AmEx.  No free WiFi, so be prepared to carry on a good old fashion dinner time conversation.
5	Went in on our Anniversary last week, & was pleasently surpirsed by the quality of food here. All from scratch, good service, & she even squeezed out 2 Canolis for us right b4 closing. Been recommending this mom & pop's restaurant ever since. Had 2 meals left over for the next day too. Only complaint, the Calimari was a bit on the salty side, but didn't stop us from finishing it lol! Definitely coming back.
5	Very authentic Italian food  the special was Sinatra chicken which was excellent, a very mildly sweet tender chicken served with pasta. The lasagna was also very tasty, individual layers of heaven topped with a wonderful light marinara sauce and plenty of mozzarella.. The only dessert they had available was canolli's and they were also very good. The service was exceptional...it is located in a strip mall and the sign is a little hard to see in the corner but don't give up, well worth the search.
5	Mom & Pop joint. Personalized service. Passing through Vegas and a group of us had cravings for some pasta. All the reviews this far is spot on. Ordered the Chicken Parmesan which easily satisfies a hungry appetite. $5 corkage fee. Off the beaten path but totally worth the drive. Don't let the minimalistic decor deter you. The food is amazing.
5	Great little family run Italian restaurant.  Fresh food made to order. veal was good and the wife enjoyed her Lasagna.
5	Excellent. The sauce alone is something you don't get around this neck of the woods. This is the real homemade taste, it's sweet, meaty and filling. Tonight, I had the lasagna and it tasted almost as good as my friend's mom sauce- she's a Brooklyn, NY Silician raised in NJ who takes her 'gravy' seriously. This place made me think I'm back in NJ!Lasagna was perfect,  good amount of meat and cheeses, plenty of sauce. I came around 7pm on a Wednesday night, the restaurant was almost empty, which sometimes seems scary, but the staff was very friendly and welcoming. The chef even came out to check on how the did was.This place was recently awarded restaurant of the week by LVRJ and I can see why. I will definitely be back and recommend this place for a superb Italian dinner. (Note the hours 3p-9p)
5	The only time I had Lasagna like that was in Montipulciano Italy.  Great people.  Great food.
5	Excellent!! Delicious food! Small place run by a family. The lasagna and tiramisu...OMG! So yummy! We'll definitely be back.
5	I'm from Boston. Great old school, family owned and run italian. If you think about olive garden or macaroni grill. Stop. Think. And come here. In the very corner of the strip mall by sears outlet. Sooo worth the effort. Trust me. I'm not easily this impressed!
5	This is a small family owned italian restaurant. It has about 10 tables.My family and I had different dishes, all were amazing. The Ceasar dressing was hand made for our salads and omg! My wife had shrimp marinara that she described as the best she ever had. My daughter had Italian wedding soup. She said it was amazing. My father in law had traditional spaghetti and meatballs he said was better then his favorite spot. My son and I had ravioli. It was really good as well.They do have beer on the menu, though limited. If you want a great traditional Italian meal, this is the place.
5	We had:Fried mozzarella Ciante Eggplant parmigianaZeti w/Sunday sauce...all ReaLLy good!Totally coming backAbsolutely recommending this place to everyone. If you write for a food column, please go there; I really want this place to around for a long time. Going to try everything on the menu starting with the Lasagna
5	This place is great. Tucked away in the corner of a shopping complex so keep your eyes peeled. The staff are extremely courteous. Salads came out instantly, hot bread soon followed. Our table had lasagna, stuffed shells, chicken parm, and veal Parmesan and everybody was very happy. I would recommend to anyone looking to avoid the riff raff and have some good home cooking.
1	Hours on yelp are incorrect. I drove out there and called when I needed clarification on the address after my phone navigated me to a strip mall, but the restaurant wasn't in site. The hostess told me they were closing in twenty minutes. I let her know that the hours on yelp had them open for another hour and twenty minutes. She simply said those were wrong and the hours have changed. I understand hours change, but the response I would expect is that she would work to have the hours corrected. Due to my customer service experience I will not attempt to revisit this restaurant.
2	TIME FOR A REAL REVIEW.  I had high hopes for this place as the the owner's brother owns a very fine Italian establishment as well.  Sadly, I was very disappointed.  First off, I watched a server drop her drying rag on the floor then resumed drying off utensils with it. The food was alright.  My entree included a salad with was dressed with a balsamic vinagarette sauce.  Bread was nothing special. The chicken parmigian was a really good portion.  The red sauce was the best part of the overall dining experience.  Tiramasu tasted good for the first few bites then got unbearable because of the liquor and richness.  Canolis were had a lot to be desired.  The creamy goodness was only on the ends versus all the way through the canoli.
5	I have been searching and searching for veal parmigiana since I moved to Las Vegas 18 months ago. THIS IS THE PLACE!!!!The veal is excellent. I will be a regular customer. I am sure the rest of their menu is great also, as other customers were raving about their food.Can't wait to return, this is going to be a monthly destination.It's hard to find in the shopping center. When looking at Sears, it is to the extreme left in the corner. It only has an OPEN  sign in the window....
5	The atmosphere is very "homey." The dishes all the way down to the delicious tiramisu was superb and this is the real homemade authentic Italian dish you are looking for! Owners are very involved and very friendly! Truly recommend!
5	I was in the mood for Italian food and saw this place on Yelp. It had good reviews so my girlfriend and I decided to give it a shot. We both were glad we did. It's hidden in the corner of a shopping plaza. I ordered the veal marsala and it was excellent. It was very tender with a flavorful marsala sauce. The meal came with garlic bread, salad, and pasta with red sauce which was excellent as well. I will be back very soon because nothing beats "home cooking" style Italian food. This place is a hidden gem that's ran by a nice family. I hope people will give this place a shot!
5	The staff, the food, the atmosphere, even the other customers, this place is down home and authentic.  The chicken parmesan was amazing! I'm so excited I found my new local Italian joint!
5	Excellent food and atmosphere.  Reasonable prices.  Service is great. Will definitely come back again.
5	Great little neighborhood gem. A real mom and pop restaurant. Everything is homemade and tastes great. The wife had eggplant parmigiana and I had the mussels. Both great. Had the fresh cheesecake. I'm not a real fan of cheesecake but this was really good. They have $5 corking fee which I'm sure we'll be using in the future.
