4	A really nice bar, they used to be over on University but are on Gorham now.  Their new location is huge and sometimes feels too big, but the bar is great and has this sweet ice strip through it to keep your drinks chilled.  Cool bartenders and good specials.
4	Nice and clean bar.  They have the necessary bar games to keep me entertained and they usually have a drink special that I'm going to take advantage of.  The crowd tends to be a bit older than most of the other bars near campus, but every once in a while it is full of drunken kids.  Would be nice if they offered some kind of food, but if youre really in a bind you can just head next door and get a sub at silver mine or soon go to the bbq joint going in next to rileys.  I always have a good time here, just a more relaxed space to enjoy a night out with friends.  The extra bonus about this place is that it seems to be run well and the staff is always friendly and attentive.
2	What was I thinking?! I worked on New Year's Eve, but since Madison bars stay open late that night, I was able to go party with the best of 'em after midnight. Er. Take that back. The crowd at Madhatters (or, Hatters, as my Australian friends call it) was decidedly greasy and undergrad, and it's the first time I've gone to a bar and felt OLD. When we first arrived at the door, we couldn't even get in. Hatters? Full? That is, until a few of the Badger Basketball players showed up, towering above us, pushing me over and plying the door guy with a $1 bill, asking if that would "get us all in".Why two stars and not just one little guy? Well, everybody did pretty much just keep to themselves and their own on-coming hangovers. And someone bought us a few "cows" (Spotted Cow). And I was mildly entertained by the guys who kept running into the foosball table. Ouch! Happy New Year, Madison!
4	Dirt cheap drinks really require a lot of self control on the part of the DD. I still can't believe I only paid $7 for a whiskey sour+cranberry vodka. And $5 pitchers of beer all night?? Man, we couldn't even get such a good deal at beat the clock!!Madhatters has a much cleaner feel than most of the places down State St. and around the capital. The crowd also feels a little younger.  This is the only place I've been to so far that has had a decent track spinning in the background, which is a HUGE plus for me. I really don't understand the concept of a jukebox/having to pay for music/being subjected to someone else's horrible taste in music...   I had to knock off one star because the drinks were poorly made. Honestly, I would have paid a few bucks more per drink for a little more alcohol/mixer and a little less water. It would've been worth it. Tip: Get there early if you don't want to wait in the cold. My friend and I got there around 11PM and were able to walk straight in and head toward the bar, but by the time we left around 12:15AM there was a long line of hazy-eyed folks extending down the sidwalk.
3	I hate the bar. The place doesn't look very great and the floor are usually sticky. The games are pretty nice, but they're always full. The cheap long islands are hard to beat. They're not as good as you'd get else where, but for the price who cares? I can't say I'll ever come here for anything other than a quick stop for long islands.
2	3 dart machines, a Foosball, a shuffleboard. Wouldn't call this a place for games. Upstairs opens at 11? What's up there that's not open at 9? But as a bonus, drinks are cheap, staff is friendly. Great job.
