5	Does Montreal have the best FUCing Yelp Elite community in the universe? I think so. Where else can you chill out with a group of unimaginably funny, delightfully charming and incredibly good looking individuals, while eating pig head pancetta and duck heart tartar? Unless Risa and Katherine move to another city, the answer is nowhere. Seriously though, these events just keep on getting better and better (that Jackson Pollock dessert at the end, are you kidding me?!), and I want to thank the whole Yelp community for being such a sweet and welcoming bunch. Can't wait to see you all at the next event!
5	Another fantastic evening. Thank you Tripes at Caviar & Yelp. The events keep on gettin better. The food & drinks tonight were top notch and the people awesome as always. As usual I didn't win a thing, maybe because my story wasn't funny enough. Wait a min.....I didn't have a story......Nevertheless I was funny........... Also I didn't bring a Gerbil with me like my friend Pierre (O_o). But I had an awesome time tonight. Thank you Risa for the wonderful  evening. Can't wait for more such events.
5	The dessert was sublime! The inventive and charmig folks from T&C surpassed the expectations, they certainly know thier business, food and drinks were great. The happy yelping crowd definetly had good time and this is with no doubt because Risa is the master of the unforgettable events...... And as much as I think about last night I keep focusing on the grand finale of our culinary experience, the dessert was sublime!!!
5	Awesome evening !I really loved how friendly and entertaining the staff was and the dessert totally rocked! Thank you T&C and Yelp for the invite !
5	What a fantastic event!  This time around Elites were invited to Tripes and Caviar in Verdun to sample their food along with some delicious cocktails.  Not being too familiar with Verdun it was a welcome opportunity to discover what the neighbourhood has to offer.The night started off with a sampling from Tripes and Caviar's menu which included such foods as duck heart tartar, shrimp salad, pig head porchetta and a creamy orzo salad.  I'll admit that I was a little apprehensive about trying duck heart tartar but I'm glad I did because it was seriously delicious.  To go with all this fine food we had Aperol and Campari drinks which were strong and a great addition to the night.The highlight of the event was definitely the dessert.  The restaurant staff did this presentation which was a tribute to the painter Jackson Pollock.  Complete with music they created this artsy presentation on the bar area.  It was completely unexpected and completely awesome.  The dessert itself, a molasses cake, was divine.  It was oh so moist and delicious.Thanks go to Risa for organizing a great event, Jean-Michel, the owner of Tripes and Caviar for hosting us and Aperol and Campari for sponsoring.  I really was impressed by the restaurant and definitely want to return to try it out.
4	As a first yelp event, it was pretty cool. The staff that catered to us was awesome and really down to earth. Risa is hilarious ! :)I'm not going to lie though, last nights event isn't really my "type" of thing - but that's personal taste and doesn't take away from the fact that everything was really well executed and people were clearly enjoying themselves. Kudos!
5	Another great Yelp Elite event from Ms. Risa! This time the troops from Tripes & Caviar put on an amazing event, we got to try tons of bites, great cocktails featuring Aperol Spritz, and chat with the good folks of the Montreal community. My favourites were the shrimp and tortilla chips and the orzo salad. But seriously, the Jackson Pollock dessert bar spread took the ultimate cake! The wow factor of the dessert was amazing, and the taste was great too! I now love molasses cake tons. Definitely recommending this awesome Verdun joint to friends!The staff was friendly, food was fantastic and really what else would you ask for from a Tuesday evening?
5	Let me just say this right now... BEST EVENT EVER! I had such a great time, everyone was so friendly, the staff was prepared while still being spontaneous. They really know how to show a girl a good time! Seriously!The stories everyone told were fabulously interesting and even my normally aloof son was intrigued enough to join in conversations. The food was amazing without being ridiculous. There was a purpose to the madness and that really blew me away. Sometimes avant-garde goes too far off-grid and Tripes et Caviar are right there, in the perfect spot, teetering on the edge of insanity, duck heart tartar, but maintaining their balance with an orzo salad, and shrimp nordique. The pigs head porchetta was probably my favorite savoury dish of the evening.But then they pulled off that dessert. I was bursting with joy. I swear to you, that was so exciting I could hardly contain my glee in watching the team construct their Jackson Pollock tribute dessert. It reminded me of what David Garibaldi and His CMYK's do (only they use dance and paint). So now, days later, I've finally calmed down enough to write this review, but even as I do I find myself jumping up and down!Risa, this was a amazing, and you, you are amazing! Thanks for letting me be a part of it!
5	OMG! We had a Jackson Pollock special dessert!!! We had the Pollock :DI saw this dessert on Youtube almost a year ago, during a creative conference downtown, and I knew I had to try this. It's a once-in-a-lifetime foodie event that anyone must try once!I'm already a big fan of Tripes & Caviar, and this Yelp event was a 'must go': delicious food, sympathetic people, and just an amazing service from the T&C Castle crew.The drinks were not my favorites (I'm not a particular fan of bitter drinks), but overall, it was a pretty cool night. Risa did it again, organizing a nice Yelp event. Thanks Risa!
