4	I love Spinato's.  The original location is on Smith Street in an industrial area of Tempe.  I live right down the street from the 2nd location at 12th Street and Glendale Ave.  There are several locations, but this is my fave.  Hello?!  BYOB!  What more can you say.You bring the beer or wine and they'll give you the glasses, corkscrews, etc.  And there's not corkage.Background:  There's a family of pizza places in the western suburbs of Chicago called Aurelio's.  Aurelio's is great!  My boyfriend is from Chicago and grew up eating Aurelio's.  Well, the from what I understand, the Spinato family worked with/for the Aurelio family and decided to come out to Phx in the 70's.  They opened an Aurelio's pizza place here in Phx.  It did well, but things transpired that I do not know about and now it's Spinato's.  This is Chicago style pizza.  But not that deep dish business, this is Chicago style thin crust pizza, a round pizza cut into squares.  The sauce is a little sweet and they use just the right about of cheese.  I love the peppers they use -- a mixture of hot and sweet (they're not really hot).  My fave is the Super Six -- cheese, ham, pepperoni, sausage, mushrooms and peppers.  I prefer it with extra cheese instead of sausage.Their antipasto salad is simple, old school with a great Italian dressing.  For less than $15 we can have salad, dinner and BYOB.  I prefer to eat in for the super hot pizza.
5	Love love LOVEE Spinato's. Their red sauce is to die for, perfectly sweet and tangy! Calzones are fabulous as well, especially the spinach, garlic & tomato one. Wards off hoardes of vampires, I'm sure. Warning - these don't reheat well. Plan on eating it all fresh.Normally multi-meat pizzas make me want to ralph from greasiness, but their "Get Meaty" is really good, the sausage (I think?!) has a nice smokey flavor that goes well with the sweet sauce.I go to the location in Tempe, but I believe they make their food in one place, so you shouldn't get much of a difference as far as quality goes.
5	Here I was, so convinced I was going to be the first to Yelp about this place. It was going to be like the time I started listening to the Postal Service before anyone else I knew and then they got huge I was like "Yeah I used to like them but I got kinda burned out since I've been listening to them for so long. No big deal." Point is, it's only a matter of time before more people discover this place, its totally unimpressive strip-mallified facade, but go in anyway because of a recommendation, and are BLOWN AWAY by the tasty red sauce. For selfish reasons, I hope it takes a while for that to happen so I don't have to wait to get a table. And the BYOB thing is no myth. Apparently they're waiting on a liquor license (which can take a while) and until then, you can bring your own booze by the truckload and there's no corkage fee. It's a small, family-owned joint inside a strip of mostly manicure shops. Don't be put off, go and get something, anything, so long as it has red sauce, and you won't be disappointed. Scout's honor.
5	Our family comes from Chicago area, & we frequented Aurelio's- & were thrilled to find Spinato's here!! They now have 4 locations- their sauce is delicious- pizzas are thin crust, & you can order extra-crispy, if desired. This place is family owned, great people, & clean- a major thing I look for in a dining establishment! They also deliver (not sure if at all locations, tho).I have even called in to radio stations to tell others; but like the other poster(s), don't want to have to wait for 'my' table!Check them out if you like pizza!!!!! Best we've found in Phx!
5	When my boss orders us supervisors lunch, he always gets Spinato's!  I'm more excited about having it than I am having him pay for it!I love the square pieces and thin crust.And, yes, there is just something about the sauce!
5	Love it, love it, love it! You can bring your own booze too! A little bit of a wait but not bad.
1	Ick!Nothing like a 20 pound pizza full of oil & cheese.You know its going to be bad when you pick it up & the box feels like its going to dissolve in your hands.
5	HORRIBLE!!  I had to wait for my Spaghetti and Meatball stuffed Calzone!  They should have known I was coming!!!  The food was just as good as I remember from 2 years ago...maybe even better!  We had dinner there Saturday night and it's now Sunday and I'm drooling thinking about my leftovers in the fridge...That yummy, yummy, yummy sauce....mmmmmmmmmm.OK, *burp* (excuse me) I'm back... mmmm that was good! :(  Now I have no more left :(Unfortunately, they don't have one in Chandler...I wonder if I can get Mr. Spinato to open up a 5th one out here! *hint* *hint*
1	I was craving great pizza and this place was recommended by a friend so I went to check it out. The service was awful and was given by high schoolers who obviously had more important things to be doing. I think they must of screwed up the batch of sauce because it was so sweet I couldn't even have bite number 2. I don't like sweet marinara or pizza sauce. The party I was with was a bit less picky but needless to say we didn't box the left overs which were plentiful.
4	I had the blessed chance to have some wine and pizza at my apartment on a Friday night after a terribly hectic week. Spinato's is a spot that is on my list of places to try in my 'hood. So I called my order in; a large Get Meaty with extra cheese. I went to the store to pick up a bottle of Peachy Canyon Zin, and grabbed my pizza on the way back home. HOLY COW, my pizza was huge! Oh well, I'll have leftovers. It seemed like it took forever to get home because the pizza's aroma wafted through my car and drove me crazy! I got home opened the box, and marveled at the sight of my yummy pizza. The pizza is not sliced into triangles, rather, they are sliced into squares. I grabbed a couple squares and noticed the GREASE that oozed through the cheese on the pizza. Uh oh. I grabbed a few paper towels and firmly patted my pizza. I thought to myself "This is one greasy pizza! This is going to be awesome!" I felt guilty and rebellious taking the first bite of my pizza. I was immediately struck by the sweetness of their sauce! It wasn't too terribly sweet, but I must say I like a slightly sweet red sauce. It may catch some people off guard. The meat on the pizza was delicious! The sausage was flavorful and I think it's home-made. I ended up sticking the leftovers in the freezer for future indulgence. We'll see if it's just as tasty later on.Spinato's offers pasta dishes which I'd like to try as well a garlic bread and antipasti. I look forward to visiting Spinato's again!
5	This is my FAVORITE place in Phoenix for pizza. I discovered Spinato's years ago when I still lived in Tempe/Mesa and my then-current girlfriend took me to their original Spinato's location on Smith, which is hidden away in an industrial park. Despite the obscure, hard-to-find location (even when you've been there before, it's very easy to drive right by it), this place is ALWAYS busy.There is nothing else around there to draw in business, at least not after all the industrial park offices close at 5pm. That is how good it is.I live in the Dreamy Draw area now and I get my Spinato's fix from their 12th St and Glendale location. My all time favorite is their sausage pizza. The cheese is very, very good. They make their own Italian sausage. There is something about the sauce OMG it is SO good, slightly sweet. As others wrote, this is Chicago thin-crust-style pizza, cut into squares. Oh, and the crust is so good too. I'm not gai for Chicago pizza but I just love Spinato's.Every single person - and I mean, EVERY SINGLE ONE - I have ever taken to Spinato's, they love it and they go back for more and introduce their friends to it. I cannot recommend them highly enough. Nello's gets lots of props in Phoenix but I promise you, Spinato's is better than Nello's.
1	Let me share my Spinato's experience with you.I have had their pizza a few times, but the last time was the last. And I mean it. The last experience was with their food I ordered "Traditional Vegetarian", with added pepperoncini. Got home, no pepperoncini. Oh well, no big deal. Started eating it and discovered a strange flavor. Kinda like dog treats. Went to kitchen to inspect pizza. Well, low and behold, under the inch or so of cheez (I don't think its real cheese) was PEPPERONI on the "Traditional Vegetarian". UHM OK?! Verified the receipt and it was entered correctly! This household doesn't eat animals. I'm sorry, between the overly sweetened sauce, too much cheese, undercooked crust and the mixup I will never again waste my money here.Please, if you want pizza, do not come here.
4	A little background.... My husband is from a sleepy community about an hour south of Chicago. My husband could/would eat pizza everyday of his life if I permitted. When we went back to visit his parents he actually took me on a pizza tour of the area all of which ended with his absolute favorite pizza, Aurelio's. His love for this pizza stems from childhood and I honestly do not think you could convince him that there is a greater pizza out there. I even once looked into shipping Aurelio's for a birthday present and quickly realized that that was insanely expensive. Fast forward to this summer when I discovered a review on Yelp that mentioned that there used to be an Aurelio's here in AZ that eventually became Spinato's. Well my husband insisted that we get in the car that moment and check it out. The sweet marinara is exactly what he was looking for and while not exactly the same this is the closest pizza in Arizona to his beloved favorite. The crust is thin and the sausage is hand crumbled (or appears to be). They are very generous on the cheese and toppings in general and leftovers the next day aren't too shabby. We have never had an issue with service or our order on the several occasions we have been One of my favorite things about Spinato's is the ice, seriously I have a passion for crushed ice and lots of it!
5	One of the best 'za joints in the PHX. No corkage and BYOB so the pizza wont be the only thing that is deliciously sauced... cheesy... my pun not the pizza... well the pizza too. Both the thick crust and thin crust are amazing, i prefer the thin. Large sausage, onions, and shrooms with a few cheap bottles from Safeway across the street = a night of fun for all your friends.  I have NO idea what people are hattin' on the 'nato's for, it is nearly perfect pizza. They also have great huge grilled sandwiches and fresh salads.
4	I have never actually sat down inside but Ive ordered out from here 2x. I think they're the best pizza in town..not for the crust..( I myself am a fan of doughy crust not deep dish but not thin either)...but for the sauce. It's fantastic. It has a hint of sweet to it which just makes it unique and delicious, I could drink it. Im not really a fan of the standard Heinz tomato sauce. THIS sauce has flavor and add garlic and spice, friggin perfect.
5	I was born near Chicago, moved away by three and have never been back.  So as an adult I have missed out on all the great cusine known from this midwest mecca of a city.  This place makes me feel like I'm taking a journey away from the valley and right into a neighborhood restaurant in Chicago.  I love the pizza here as well as the down to earth relaxing atmosphere.  Servers have always been great to me.  I don't know how anyone could say anything bad about this place.  Until I take a vacation to the windy city, I'll have to come here to get my fill.
5	HOLY SMOKES! I now have FOUR favorite Phoenix pizza places! With pizza I'm all about the sauce, and this is the shizz! Yeah it's sweet, like really sweet but I freakin' LOVE it! It's soooooooooo good that I don't even want a topping,  just cheese and that fabulous sauce! This maybe my new favorite pizza but it's such a tough call. For the record ... the best in Phoenix (for me) ... in no particular order.Pizza A Metro (pepperoni) Spinato's (cheese) Cibo (Diavola which is the best topping I've ever had on a pizza)Pane BiancoAll three just rock my world, man do I LOVE Spinato's!
5	Best pizza in town!
5	So good!!!  They ran out of thick crust, but I was more than satisfied with the spinach special and chicago special (sausage, onions and bell peppers).  As other reviewers noted, the sauce is pretty sweet, but I do like sweets.  The spinach pizza was covered with delicious roasted garlic, and both came out piping hot.  The spaghetti calzone appetizer was interesting and very good.  Because the pizzas were thin crust and covered with toppings, I needed some bread or pasta to balance it all out.  The pasta filled calzone was a good foil.The gelato was a little sandy, but the cannoli was pretty good.  I came here for pizza, not dessert, so I don't mind.Oh, the restaurant is located in a quiet little plaza, and the wait time was 25 minutes on a Saturday night.  There was a good-sized wine and beer menu, and the inside feels like an old Italian kitchen.  Service was wonderful.
5	This is the best pizza, by far, in my neighborhood. The pizza was awesome!!!!!! I will be going back Tomorrow for round 2.
5	I can't get enough of this pizza. Tonight I took my friend there for her birthday..started with the house salad which was crisp and refreshing.. the ranch was ranch and didn't taste like seasoned mayo.awesome. I ordered the lil margherita and couldnt wait to taste that sweet goodness they have for a sauce and lo and behold the margherita is a white pizza???? You know what? It didnt matter it was magnificent without the signature sauce. This place is the best pizza place in Phoenix...hands down
4	Lately I find my tastes changing. These changes ambush me without warning: not long ago I stopped putting Splenda in my tea - cold turkey. I started liking pastrami instead of corned beef. I stopped watching the news on TV. Is this a function of aging? I don't know.One of the more dramatic changes has been my growing appreciation of the overall "character" of a restaurant. I find myself much more willing to overlook small gaffes in the food preparation if the staff is friendly and knowledgeable, or if the ambience is cheerful and interesting in some way. It doesn't have to be fancy - but it can't be gloomy and boring.This was brought home to me today at lunch. Our friend Sue picked a place I had never been to - Spinato's Pizza. It's a family owned and run local chain with four locations. We went to the one at Bell and 16th Street. Sue brought along her friend/employer Lee. It happens that Lee's grandson works in Spinato's kitchen. He always makes it a point to arrive 35 minutes before his shift begins so he can take advantage of employee dinner and he appreciates being treated like family. The place is cute - decorated in red, green and white. There are striped awnings above the booths, and trellises with vines. The chairs are white with green (or red) seats, and the table tops are white with the Spinato logo in the corners. The patio has tables with red-checked cloths. We were warmly greeted , and our server arrived promptly to offer drinks.Ken and I ordered a large Spicy Italian pie ($19.50) with added ricotta. We also got a salad ($3.99). Lee requested garlic bread ($3.99, $4.79 with cheese), and a small spinach calzone, one of the house specialties ($9). Sue got spinach too, but in the form of a "lil" (smaller than small) pizza ($7.50). The salads arrived first, notable mostly for their large size. While the ingredients were fresh, there was nothing exciting there. The olive oil and balsamic vinegar served with them were of good quality. The garlic bread, eight pieces in the order, was outstanding - lots and lots of fresh garlic and a generous amount of butter. You have to make sure that everyone you'll be talking to in the next few hours has eaten some too. The staff checked in frequently to ask if we were happy. The pizzas were served on a wire rack, a great idea since the thin crust remains nice and crisp. Instead of slices, our pie was cut into many small squares. I found that for some reason this caused me to eat less. The pizza wasn't loaded down with sauce, and it had plenty of toppings. I tasted Sue's spinach pie and it was really good. The spinach is marinated before being put on the pizza, and there's tons of fresh garlic. Lee's calzone was quite large - he took half of it home.The menu isn't extensive. Besides the pizzas (10 varieties, plus design your own)  and calzone (there's a spaghetti and meatball one) there are two pastas and five sandwiches. We didn't inquire about dessert. The story behind Spinato's is told on the back of the menu. The family was worried that when they left Chicago for Phoenix, back in the "70's, they wouldn't be able to find good pizza. What choice did they have but to open their own pizza parlor?! As the family grew so did the number of parlors. While the prices aren't low, you can go to lunchclub.com and get a 25% off the entire bill coupon. Aren't coupons great!!I have to say that if I was doing a blind taste-test between Stumpy's pizza (see the archives) and Spinato's, I'd probably give the nod to Stumpy's. But if you add in those other factors which have become important to me, as a dining destination Spinato's wins. It's also won awards from Phoenix New Times, the Scottsdale Culinary Festival and City Search.
4	Hands down the best delivery I have had in years. Feeling to lazy to cook I ordered Spinato's last night. I got the super six pizza, thin crust, well done with extra sauce, a small dinner salad and a side order of meatballs. The pizza was Chicago style and phenomenal! (See pictures) The pizza ingredients were really fresh and the sauce (OH THE SAUCE) tangy and sweet. The meatballs were also delicious and had a very different marinara sauce than what was on the pizza. Spinato's beats any delivery in my area (Sorry Pat's) and has made the rotation in to my favorite Chicago style pizza. I can't wait to actually try the restaurant, I heard they have great specials and BYOB.
5	REALLY Good! It's so good, it makes good look not so good! I can honestly admit that this place was the second best pizza joint I've been to in my life (the first being some random italian mom and pops in NY that I forgot the name of). The spinach pizza was extremely tasty, the sauce and the cheese went hand in hand without overpowering the spinach. The calzone was very enjoyable. I haven't had one before, so I went ahead and decided to try it at a place that had good pizza, and the spaghetti calzone was a great compliment to the entrees. This was also the first place I've been to aside from Taps that actually has Blue Moon on tap, which is very cool.
4	Great pizza it is; Chicago-style it is NOT.  Seems strange to me that Chicagoans claim this as "Chicago Style" pizza.  Oh well - moving on.Their sausage is some of the best I've had outside of Chicago - without question.  The pizza is great - topping selection is great - the crust is good and I love their sweet marinara.  The service is sometimes lacking... it can be slow and inattentive.
3	The food is good, but I just can't get into the sweetness of the pizza sauce.  I will try it again, maybe a pizza without the red sauce.  Bread was great, salad also great!
4	my personal fave is the spaghetti & meatball calzone - YUM!the restaurant is casual and b.y.o.b. which makes it good for families and/or groups. delivery is limited to a small area and can take awhile. secret hint: they put sugar in the sauce.. no wonder it's so darn good!!!
5	Best Pizza in town!
4	Ben here a few times for lunch. Its in a tiny strip mall, and parking can be an issue. We have always had the thin crust pizza and it has always been very good. A large usually will feed two of us.. gluttony definately takes over while your here, and you have to remember to control yourself :)
4	I recently revisited Spinato's with my parents and brother's family. Though I thought their pizza was really good I was taken back by how delicious their cheesy garlic bread was. I could have just eaten that with a little salad and have been very happy. The portions were generous. I saw one of the calzones and WOW...it was huge! I really want to go back for one (seriously, you have to see it. It looks like someone folded a pizza over a ham). Overall, very warm and inviting people. Good food.
5	I lovey lovey lovey this place. I'd rather not tell you about it because I hate waiting for a table!  Even if you are a pepperoni person like me, you should get the sausage. The slightly spicey is the perfect mix for the slightly sweet sauce. You know when you play those party conversation-type games? What one thing would you take to a deserted island? What book changed your life? If you could only eat one meal for the rest of your life what would it be? My answer is Spinato's pizza. YUMMY!
5	GREAT pizza place!  The thin crust pizza is AMAZING!  I ordered take out for the first time and everything was absolutely perfect.  The dining room seemed to be fairly busy, but that is to be expected for a Saturday night.
5	Simply THE BEST PIZZA in the Valley of the Sun.  The sauce is perfection and every kind of pizza I've had has been superb.  Reasonable prices, fast service, take out rocks.
4	Yum! You usually couldn't get my husband to touch spinach but the Mama's Original gets him his greens. We discovered Spinatos at the Culinary Festival years ago and have been going back since. We love the fact that its a family-owned business and that all the teenage kids work the place. The food portions are generous, the restaurant has a great Italian pizza place feel and they send you coupons for your birthday! Can't beat that. I'd suggest for take-out or for a very casual meal out. Not a date night kind of place.
4	Oh, Spinato's!  Somehow your unbelievably delicious Mama's Original pizza made a spinach-lover out of my 4-year-old.  Amazing!  We also love the Spicy Italian (who doesn't like spicy Italians?!).  The antipasto salad with half spinach is always crisp, fresh and delicious.  Extra points for the gluten-free crust option!  Spinato's is the perfect place to bring a family or grab a pizza to go.
5	Some primo eats... period. Me likes the beer specials I've happened upon there. If you want to know what a moron is, scroll down and read a low rating for this place... because there is no way to not dig on this killer grub.
5	I have never been disappointed at any of the spinato's locations! I first went to the one in Tempe. It's a weird location, in a business park. It's byob, wich was great! I tried the spinach pizza and I could not believe how perfect it was. All the things I love at spinato's:The spinach pizza, sometimes I add sausage or meatballs.The L'Italiana.The get meaty.The mushroom sausage.The Bruschetta.If you want jalapenos on your pizza but others don't the will even heat them in the oven for you to put on at the table,instead of just slinging some cold ones at you.The service is always super friendly without being annoying.The only other pizza I like as well  in town is at pizzaria bianco.Give these people your money, they deserve it!!
5	It doesn't get better than this.This is my absolute favorite pizza place in the Phoenix area. I hate waiting for a table, but it's always worth it.If you are a regular, you might even get special treatment from the staff.I highly recommend pepperoni with extra cheese. Yum!
4	All I can say is: Go as soon as possible to get some great pizza!
5	There is something strangely addicting about Spinatos. I don't like to think of this as traditional pizza, as the sauce is much sweeter and the combinations unexpected. BUT it's still delicious and I find myself craving it ALL THE TIME. Two thumbs up for "The Signature" and "The Other Signature" pizzas, as well as the calzones (with ricotta!) and desserts. The garlic bread is yummy, too. We always order the same things (see, above), but I am looking forward to branching out trying some other dishes (see: Antipasto, Sandwiches).To all of the sauce haters: accept it for what it is and get over it. The sauce works with their pizzas, and if you don't like it, don't eat it! But don't hate.
4	Scrum-diddly-umptious. We were getting ready to buckle down for a tv marathon and so we chose Spinatos as the pizza to try.  We walked in and ordered take-out on a Sunday (we didn't call ahead because we were just getting back into town from up north and didn't have any menus). The place was pretty busy and there was no where for us to stand, let alone sit, so we went back to my car and waited for them to finish. (Note to self: order ahead of time for takeout and you won't have to deal with the wait)I had never had their pizza, but my friend absolutely swears by it. Anywho...I decided to go with 'The Classic' on a thin crust and my friend went with the 'The Signature' also on a thin crust. Mine was delicious, but hers was unfreakingbelievable. It was absolutely perfect. The only downside for the experience was they didn't have tshirts in any adult sizes so we had to run down the street to Oreganos. Oh well!
4	Yu-u-u-M!  The sauce is a sweet and not too acidic and the spaghetti and meatball calzone (add ricotta) is cravable! I saw the meatball sandwich and can't believe a single human being could consume one on their own. I swear it must be three pounds of meatballs on a full french loaf! I only wish they were open for lunch on Sundays because for some reason that's when I always think, "Yum! A spaghetti and meatball calzone would be great right now." Oh well. My loss, I suppose...
5	I'm giving them a 5 just for their spaghetti and meatball calzone. It sounds awful, but it is one of the best things I've ever eaten. Must try!!
2	I was so excited to try it because people rave. NOT a fan. I guess if you like super sweet sauce it will be up your alley. I couldn't eat it. I will stick to Joe's pizza or Slice of Sicily, pay much less and enjoy much more.
5	My family and I have been coming to Spinato's for 13 years and obviously we love it. We order one of their pizzas at least once a week, but our favorite is Mama's Spinach Special...gotta luv the garlic for this one.
2	Spinato's originated from Chicago. If I lived in Chicago I would be happy about them moving to AZ. My wife and I shared a thin crust sausage, onion and greenpepper pizza and did not enjoy it. The pizza was bland, maybe it was missing the fennel seeds in the italian suasage that seems to give the sausage that wonderful flavor. I couldn't quite pinpoint what was missing but I'm guessing I won't be making another visit to Spinato's.
5	I love spinatos. They have my favorite pizza. Every time I am in phoenix, I make sure to stop by here. The spinach pizza is my favorite. I also like to get the family style half and half salad. i've been going there for years and it's always delicious!
5	Calzones are the best.
5	YES!!! I am really impressed with this place. Three of us arrived on a Friday night and had a 30 minute wait. We were all exhausted and starving, but we couldn't wait to try a new place. We had a beer while we waited and were seated on time. The place is cozy, and the staff is super friendly. We started with the cheesy garlic bread. My friends were not excited until they tried it. Oh WOW, it's bursting with flavor. That cheese, that sauce, that garlic, that crunch. Oh. SO. GOOD.Then we carried on and had their meaty pizza (can't remember the name). It was friggin' amazing! The Italian beef was a really great touch that I didn't anticipate. The sausage had a delightful flavor and wasn't too fennel-y. The sauce is what landed the pizza in my dreams last night. It's a sweet sauce (which might be new to some). It's very close to some great St. Louis style pizzas I've eaten. The crust is crunchy and it's delivered brilliantly on a wire rack (to maintain the crunch). All I can say is: EAT HERE, thank me later.
4	The food is Yummy! The people are pleasant.  Little expensive, worth it!
5	This is the VERY BEST Pizza in town! We have eaton at Spinato's for 5 plus years and never a bad meal and the service is always with a smile!
5	I've got bad news for you. One day, you're gonna' die. I've also got good news for you. You're gonna wake up and be standing at the pearly gates. The bad news is that they're gonna' be closed. The good news is that they more than likely are going to swing wide for you and a choir of heavenly angels will sing as you walk through. The bad news is that your Aunt Agnes, who used to like to pinch the crap out of your cheek until she kicked the bucket will be there to greet you. The good news is that she's going to hand you a box that says "Spinato's" on it. You open the box. If it's empty, you're in hell.But more than likely, it's got a piping hot, fresh-made a Mamma Spinato's Signature Fresh Spinash pie. Your piehole will be dripping, and as you lift a piece to your lips, even Aunt Agnes's pinching of your cheek will seem like a blessing. Yeah, it's that good. If they serve pizza in heaven, it's Mamma Spinato's. The good news is you don't have to croak to enjoy it. And they deliver. And it's hot! Manga!Quick notes: Their "medium" is everyone else's large. I did not see their large, but I bet it's manly indeed. Extra star for square cutting the pie. Spinato's is what pizza is ALL about.
5	When my husband and I moved out here, the first place his co-workers said we had to eat was Spinato's.  His boss ordered it for lunch one day and my phone started blowing up with texts from my husband telling me he was bringing this home for dinner.  He said simply - best pizza I've ever had.  I was skeptical.  Is it really that good?  Was he just really hungry?  NO!  From the minute he walked in the door - the pizza grabbed my attention.  From the smell to the look to the taste.  Hands down - best pizza I've ever had.  They don't deliver to our place, but it's well worth the trip down the 51 to pick it up.  The staff is alway nice and will remember you after a few trips.  All around - great food, great service and local.
5	I had a great experience at Spinato's Saturday night. The food and service was awesome. We started out with garlic and cheese breadsticks with marinara. Orgasimic. :) There were three of us dining, and we ordered three different things to share. I have had their meatball pizza several times, and it is my absolute favorite. We also tried the baked spaghetti and meatball calzone with ricotta. Oh my! This calzone was like heaven in your mouth. It was awesome, but a tad on the rich side. A few bites of this were enough to share. We also got an Italian sausage and mushroom pizza. It was also extremely good. Our server was fantastic. She was attentive, and was very helpful in explaining items on the menu. On top of all of this, it was very affordable.
4	How on Earth I completely missed this place is beyond me. I swear I thought the closest one to Uptown was on Bell. Doh! Had a wonderful dinner here last night with my man. We had Moretti Rossa just like we were in Italy last year, which was nostalgic and fun. Then we shared the mixed salad which was nice. I swear if I had a bigger purse I would've swiped the cute balsamic/olive oil holder. I mean, allegedly. We then had the Mamma Spinato's Signature Fresh Spinach which was super good. It's probably a good thing we live outside their delivery area. Too bad, guess we'll just have to come back!
5	The best pizza and value in the city! Our favorite place.  The staff is great and friendly and one of reasons we feel great about this place.  The food is great and my wife is a pizza perfectionist!  We love this place!
5	My favorite pizza place in Phoenix!
5	Family owned and super fresh ingredients. Their pizza sauce is the best I've ever had. Their salads are great too. Even the delivery guys are the best. Love this place!
5	Only every had the pizza, when in the area we stop here. Just wish it was closer to me.  The sauce is unique and wonderful.
5	I find myself having dreams about this pizza... It is that good!  I feel sorry for people who continue to frequent places like Dominos, Papa Johns and Pizza Hut.  Most of all - I'm absolutely THRILLED that they have a location in the Tuke.  Unfortunately - like all their locations they don't take reservations so either get their early, plan on a 25-45 minute wait or get takeout.  Whatever the case - don't forgo this pizza!!!
5	By far my favorite Pizza ever.  Just had it again last night and it was great.  Called ahead and picked it up.  You guys rock pizza.  Can't wait to try the new location...that has a different menu.  I've taken many people to try your pizza and they all agree that it's the Best.
5	Amazing is all I have to say about this place...the end!Okay, I have to rant on about this place, it's delicious!! I was looking for a location that served the best of the best for pizza and saw Spinato's come up. The service here was exceptional and our waiter was soooo nice! We started off with a salad and I had the raspberry vinaigrette which was awesome. We also had the medium thin crust pizza topped with extra cheese, spinach, and ham...amazing!! To end the meal we had to try the desserts so we shared a holy cannoli and brownie bella which both were mouth watering and a must have.I will be going back to this place, although that wait was longer than expected and the waiting area was HOT! It was all well worth the wait. :)
5	Spinatos is so darn good I have been going for years, now I have one in ahwatukee.  I am thrilled, the pizza has the best sauce and the best tasting sausage I ever had.  The staff has been great over the years, and mostly it's the same people.  I literally crave the sauce
4	Oh my god, oh my god. Where have you been for my entire pizza eating life?  Spinatos is great!  I love the spicy Italian pizza and the ... Mamas spinach is what I think the pizza is called. I have not dined in, but I will be making up for that soon... I promise. The quality of the food and the friendly family feeling service is great. Although not an artisan pizza place like the Parlor or Bianco, this is my go to place for pizza.  Who needs Pizza Hut or any other delivery chain when you have a great pizza place right around the corner.
4	Great pizza and service plus they deliver.
1	I tried this place because of all the wonderful reviews.  I have to say I was extremely disappointed. I ordered the mama signature pizza and a dinner salad. The salad is something I would expect from a lousy fast food place.  The pizza was flavorless and the crust was just a soggy mush.  I will not be eating her again.
5	Can't get enough of Spinato's pepperoni and sausage pizza.  The combination of the sweet sauce and cheese blend makes for the perfect pizza.
2	idk...i've gotta say, i've had far better pizza than this.  i too was excited to try this place based on the reviews.  we got decent service, in fact our server was super nice and cute.  we split a salad that was simply lettuce and spinach with a tomato thrown in. the 5 bucks we spent on that could have purchased both 1 bag of lettuce and 1 bag of spinach.my first glass of wine was corked and so much so that when i went to take a drink it burned my eyes but they were very nice about getting me a new glass of wine.now on to the pie...  we got the spinach special which came with a saccharin sweet sauce; personal preference would be a bit tangier but it was the grease and the crust that was the bummer.  when i get thin crust i like it to be crisp but this? not so much.  mush to the sogg town. can't say that we will come back, there are just too many good pizza places in town.
5	I L-O-V-E Spinato's, and have for many years.  Their sauce is so packed with flavor, but not overwhelming.  It's just right, and tastes very fresh.  Service is always awesome, and their delivery is always great.  Recently, I found that I'm allergic to gluten, so I tried Spinato's gluten free pizza.  WOW!  I would order this bad boy over the original.  I don't know what that scrumdillicious gluten free dough is made from, but I now crave it.  I just wish it came in a bigger size than the 10" pizza.  One other thing that impressed me about Spinato's recently.  When ordering for delivery, I advised the kind lady on the phone that I was gluten free... she took the initiative to look at my previous orders and let me know that I should probably discontinue ordering meatball on the pizza, as they have gluten in them as well. Yay for customer service!!  If you haven't tried Spinato's, I highly recommend them, for many reasons.   Enjoy!
5	This place is fantastic. It's a little family owned joint that is totally non-descript but has some of the best pizza around. My wife has Ciliac disease (no gluten diet) and they make a wonderful gluten free pizza. The get the dough from a local bakery and it is seriously good. The only negative I have is that its a little expensive ($14 bucks for a 10" gluten free pizza). Our servers have always been friendly and knowledgeable about the ingredients of the food.    I will definitely be back!!!
5	Hnnngffff their signature spinach pizzaIt's the only thing I've ever ordered thereAnd it alone warrants 5 stars.
4	My whole family went here last night for my oldest brother's birthday. This restaurant was very accommodating to our large party. They even sat us before everyone was there, and we appreciated that. We ordered a bunch of food, a couple pizzas, a couple sandwiches, bruschetta, salad, ravioli, meatballs.... a lot of food. Their pizza is always good and my brother swears that this location is the best and has the best crust of all the locations. I thought the pizza was good, the italian salad dressing was very good, and the ravioli and meatballs were tasty. I thought the bruschetta was just ok... but overall, this place is very good. I would recommend it to anyone for some classic italian food, plus about 10 of us ate for 100$....pretty good deal.
4	I love the thin crust classic signature.  So does my mom.  My husband thinks the sauce is too sweet...but his opinion doesn't really count.I tried the antipasto with the house italian.  pretty decent salad for a pizza joint!We ordered online and picked it up...I am always a fan of not having to call and place an order.  I have an aversion to talking on the phone.  I have no idea why.
4	Delicious, thin crust pizza with fresh cut basil, Italian sausage and roasted garlic. The sauce is slightly sweet and unique.  Consistently great.
5	Our family always enjoys a night a spinatos. We always request Lorenzo as our server.
5	Ugh, some of the best pizza in town.  Just moved to the 'Slope in 2011 and this place has added a couple of pounds to me for sure.  Chicago style thin crust, square cut deliciousness.Ever miss that smell that pizzerias used to have?  The kind that made you so happy and hinted that there would be a Pacman machine in a table top?  That's what this place makes me feel like.I LOVE the Spicy Italian specialty pizza, and even though it sounds weird, you just have to try the Spaghetti and Meatballs Calzone.  Ask for it with Ricotta, you'll thank me!
5	After months of listening to a coworker talk about how amazing this pizza was I finally gave in and went for lunch. I had a small pep and cheese, which was the perfect lunch size btw. I have to admit that this crust was nothing short of amazing. They were not shy with the toppings either, which made it even more amazing because cheese makes everything awesome. I even found myself thinking about the crust after I left, and the next day as well. I am not sure what they put in that pizza but I am addicted. It would be dangerous if I lived close.... I will definitely be back.
4	Some of the best pizza I have ever eaten.  The ingredients are fresh and the flavors are explosive! When I order for take-out, even after only 10 minutes of a drive in my car, my car ends up smelling like the pizza for 2 full weeks! The antipasto wasn't much to write home about as the house Italian dressing wasn't very flavorful, but the 2 spinach pizzas are AMAZING.  I also just tried the Chicago last night and it was so so good.  Check this place out for eat in or for take-out.  Just expect your car to smell like this stuff for 2 weeks.
5	I love this place! I've been eating pizza from Spinato's for about five years now! And I've been to them all (this one, scottsdale, tempe, glendale -- except I don't frequent Ahwatukee, so I haven't been there yet) - they're all great!The sauce is what sets it apart from other places. Also, I usually don't like pizza that is cut into square/rectangular shapes (weird, i know) but with their pizza, that's not a factor.You can't go wrong with whatever you order. Perfect for dining in or take out!
3	So i went here after church with some friends. I can honestly say, yes Spinato's is good, BUT this one is not as good as the one on Bell. I really enjoy the pizza here. My one complaint is, the thick crust pizza is so generic tasting, it is a pizza hut reminiscent thick crust. which in my mind. Not a good thing. The thin crust is the way to go if you come to spinatos
5	Pretty damn good. Recommended by our hotel's bartender, and you know that's good advice!Pizza toppings were fresh and tasty. Thin-ish crust, cooked to be a little crunchy with lightly browned cheese. Zesty, hearty homemade marinara sauce may be the X factor.
4	First visit...Very busy; but worth the wait to get a table...First of all; like the selection of "discontinued" wine and beer; didn't try - but great concept.  Had the pizza; my roommate had the calzone.  Both items were hot out of the oven; tasted excellent.  Service was great.  Will definately be back again!!!
3	I came here because I wanted some pizza and I was hungry. Settled on a salad and a margarita pizza. The salad was intimidating because it came in a bowl. The next thing that came was the margarita pizza. It arrived a little different that I was expecting. Most pizzas come on the tray it was cooked on sort of. Well at least the size of tray it was made on. You know the standard metal pizza pan. Instead the pizza came on a round rack on top of the pizza tray.Then while trying to grab a piece of pizza I thought it wasn't cut all the way though. It look a while to figure out the pizza wasn't cut traditionally. it was cut every which way. The pizza was good, but it doesn't compare to my favorite pizza place. Some of the pizza didn't have topping on it. it was odd too because there wasn't a lot of cheese on it. There also wasn't a lot of sauce.I liked the crust of the pizza because it was crunchy and not soggy. I think I'd try some other pizza if I did go back. It was good, but I'd try something else. There was gelato there. I ordered two scoops vanilla and then one scoop dark chocolate. The dark chocolate was good. The vanilla was a bit sweet for me.
5	Wow, the "mamma's spinach" pizza was really good! Garlic, spinach, & fresh tomatoes was great, even 2 days later.
5	We ate here twice in one week on our spring break vacation. First, we at there and had the special spinach pizza. We don't eat meat, so the idea that there was a special pizza that didn't have meat was fascinating and boy did it deliver on taste. Super garlicky, if you're into that kind of thing. Kiddo's plain cheese pizza was even good. Then we ordered a to-go super veggie pizza for round two. That was delicious as well. Good service, not fancy. Just go and eat and drink and have a nice time.
5	All I gotta say is their thin crust pizza is so bomb. The sauce they use has so much flavor it makes me want to buy it but then I know I'm too lazy to go home and make a mediocre pizza and waste their awesome sauce on it so I just come in here and eat it :).  Also their garlic bread is bomb also, a must order with pizza and anything really. Haha. Dining in or Togo its awesome. One of my face pizza places next to al forno on Glendale and 57th ave.
5	I can't believe I am giving this place 5 stars but after two visits in one week, it is well worth it. After buying one of those playing card decks with restaurant discounts, we finally tried Spinato's (after living in Phoenix since 2003). Yes, I fully realize how ridiculous it is that I hadn't been here sooner. There are so many great things about this restaurant ranging from the service, food, deals (coupon and daily deals), and conveniences (order ahead while waiting for a table). From the time we sat down (both visits), the service was top-notch and friendly. First visit, we had the specialty spinach pizza with plenty of garlic and tomatoes ($15 for a medium). It was delicious but way too much pizza for us 4 when we paired it when their large order of ravioli and two meatball. That was so good too! Oh did I forget to mention the garlic cheese bread that we ordered with the baked bread and butter. Both, simply amazing. Clearly I was aiming for the food going straight towards my waistline. I also had a glass of wine since they are half off on Sundays and made sure to get some of their chocolate chip cookies to go. For the second visit (a week later), we dialed it back a bit. Of course we had to have the garlic cheese bread, kids ravioli ($5 for the ravioli, a breadstick, drink, and scoop of gelato), small specialty pizza ($10 and plenty for my husband and son to share) and I had the "lil" spinach calzone (7" for $5). That calzone was so delicious, I couldn't save the half I set aside for lunch. Add two glasses of wine (half off), and two piccola brownie desserts, and our total bill was $45. For a family of four with drinks, an appetizer and 2 desserts???? Pretty damn reasonable in this day in age. And it has been a long time since I was that blissfully satisfied with a meal (or two). Well done Spinato's, well done.
4	This place has really good thick and thin crust pizza.  I've never been a fan of thin crust because of it being so crispy and it just wasn't good to me.  However, the thin crust pizza here is quite good.  I would order it again.  It's really small inside the restaurant, so I would recommend ordering it to go.
4	We were originally driving out to Glendale to find another pizza place, but we didn't check to see if they were open.  Alas, we were pizza less and starving at 1:00pm on a Sunday.  We found this place on Yelp! and decided to venture out.  It's a strip mall next to a Mathnasium, but when you walk it in it's pretty cozy.  Our server was very nice and attentive.  She was honest about the pizza portion sizes, so that we could make better decisions about our order, so we decided on the Spaghetti Calzone for an appetizer and a small thick crust pepperoni pizza.Now, let me start with saying they claim to be a Chicago style pizzeria, but when I think Chicago I think deep dish.  I would assume that they are referring to their thin crust, but deep dish reigns supreme in the Windy City.   Their thick crust pizza is Sicilian style, and I'd have to say I was a little disappointed.  I wasn't expecting the bread or the sauce to be so sweet.  I honestly think if the sauce were a little tangier, it would offset the sweeter crust.  My favorite part was the Spaghetti Calzone appetizer.  I am going to recommend that you get the marinara covered, spaghetti and mozzarella packed goodness.  I would honestly go to the one closer to my house just for the calzone.
5	From the husband (native Chicagoan):  "I've not had pizza this good west of St. Louis." That said, he had some notes, but who cares? If you are in Phoenix and looking for good Chicago pizza, try Spinato's. I had the "half and half, double meat and cheese antipasto salad," which was excellent. We also ordered a spinach and sausage thin crust pizza--also excellent. Also, they delivered to the Hilton Squaw Peak hotel on 16th St.
5	I have been to 3 locations and they are all fantastic! Mama's signature pizza with spinach is out of this world! Such a great place. The one on glendale was byob at one time which was nice as well.
5	Excellent service, delicious food in a family environment! Whats there not to love? We left with a smile on our face and lots of pizza :)
4	North Central Phoenix is home to some great pizzarias. The 12th Street corridor has Stumpy's, Isa's pizza now anchors the northern gates of Sunnyslope.....and Spinato's is on the southern edge of the 'Slope. Great pizza, though I am not a fan of the "Mama's signature" (sauce is too sweet for my taste), I like their "Get Meaty" pie and the "spicy italian". Salads are good. They have a wine special on Wednesday's that's pretty sweet (50% off on bottles, I beleive).
2	Had Spinato's for take out last night. Good service... Ordered the sausage thin crust. The bottom of the crust wasn't very good, could have been cooked longer. Sauce was a little sweeter and didn't have any special flavor. Pizza seemed like it had too much cheese. Not the pizza for me.
4	Great Pizza. You cannot go wrong with any of them. The sauce is what makes these pies extra special. It actually nice and sweet! That is what makes this place so delicious.Be sure to go there on Tuesday for the Beer specials. They have Peroni & Stella on tap. Yum!
5	Best Pizza in Phoenix...Period!! Sweet sauce. Crispy crust. Never have had a bad experience here and I have been here at least 10 times. Staff is always welcoming and polite. Also if you happen to have room at the end of your meal order the fresh baked chocolate chip cookies.
5	Since moving more centralized, this has become my wife and I's favorite pizza for dine in and to go, as well as the Bell location.  They offer gluten free crust, willing to do no cheese and several sizes of pizza, so your party can get one or two pizza's for all or everyone can get their own preference.  I generally get the small size for myself, which leaves my with 30-40% of the pie for leftovers for breakfast or lunch.  Not bad to get 2 meals for $8-12. The Lil' size is usually enough for 1, if you will not be near a fridge in the near future.  My faves are the Spicy Italian and Canadian.  The services is always, friendly and the staff makes you feel at home!
5	Best Pizza ever!! ingredients are fresh. you get quality pizza! For a good price!"
4	Good Chicago thin crust pizza! Their home made sausage is the best I have had west of the mississippi.good for carry out or dine in when the place isn't packed
3	The pie is pricey and sweet but you'll be back! Great mom-n-pop shop feel, good service, sometimes a long wait but you'll understand why.
5	This is the best pizza in Phoenix.  I have only been to this location once, but I have been to the Bell/16th St. location numerous times.  Their canolies are amazing too.  They get extremely busy on weekend nights, so plan ahead.  I think they are closed on Sundays or Mondays too.
3	My in-laws took my husband and I out to lunch here after church one Sunday.  We had to wait about 5 minutes for the place to open at noon.  Their menu is quite extensive when it comes to pizzas - different toppings, crust styles, and sizes.  I ordered the "Nicole's special" - salami, artichokes, and onion - Lil' size - pan/thick crust.  What I ordered was just the right size for a lunch or dinner serving especially if you don't want to have to worry about any leftovers.  The crust was crunchy yet soft and tasty.  The prices are pretty average but the service is attentive.  It can get a little noisy in this place very easily so keep that in mind if you are looking for a more quiet atmosphere.
3	Overall we had an ok experience.  We went on a Friday night so there was about a 20 minute wait, which wasn't too bad.  There wasn't very much seating and the waiting area got a little crowded.  The Margherita Pizza was very good.  The crust was buttery and delicious.  Even though the food was good, our service experience was not so great.  My boyfriend got one of the specialty pizzas and asked for it to come with onions instead of mushrooms.  Little did we know that this was considered "building your own pizza" and as a result we were charged more.  When the bill came and we asked about it, the server's response was it's written on the menu.  This would have been a great thing to mention while we were ordering especially since we told her it was our first visit.  We also ordered a kid's meal and were charged an extra fifty cents for apple juice instead of soda, which again, was not disclosed.  The manager did agree to remove the fifty cent charge but at that point, our experience was ruined.  The pizza was good but we probably won't dine in again.
4	Neighborhood pizzaria right across from my other favorite, Pat's Pizza.  Pat's excels at the New York thin crust while Spinato's has a great deep dish Chicago version that is excellent and not at all greasy.  The sauces (both the pizza and the pasta) are great and you can get extra on the side.  In the rare event you are still hungry I'd say get frozen yogurt across the street and skip the desserts which are a bit weak.  But how can you not love a family restaurant that feels like every pizza place in America?
4	Again, Yelp*, why no 1/2 stars.  I'm not giving five but this was better than four.Terrific pizza, I ordered it without mentioning, "don't cut it"; you know they like to do the cross-cut here.  She told me it would be about 25 minutes.  Well, I called back after 14 minutes and she said she'd tell them not to cut the pizza, but  when I got there, it had already been cut.  I have to tell you, this young woman apologized at least 4 times and offered to re-cook the pie at least that many times.  It was my mistake, they were faster than expected, didn't want them to re-cook the pizza.She should have apologized and offered to re-cook...and she did.  Pizza was great, of course and next time I'll remember to ask for no-cut.  In the meantime, this is a good spot.  Go there!
4	After about 5 failed attempts at finding a pizza joint worth the money we were invited to Spinato's.  The only thing negative I have to say is that our service was not great.  The watier seemed way "too cool" for his job.  My daughter never got her meatballs.  When she finally did, 20 minutes after the pizza, they were free.  But still, she was hungry.  The service didn't take away from the fact that the pizza was SOOOO cheesey and delicisous.  I love the cross cutting style.  I can't decribe it any other way than utter cheesy goodness.  If you love your pizza cheesy and gooey and messy..this is the place for you.  If you are in the mood for whole wheat, less cheese and health pizza...find somewhere else!
5	I am craving pizza right now and know that I will be placing an order at Spinatos to take home for dinner tonight. I have been a customer for about three years now and it is my favorite pizza ever!!! It will change your life...
2	Only one word comes to mind about this place "OVERRATED" i ordered the sausage with extra sauce, the extra sauce was spread around the top of the pizza...COLD which made the pizza disgusting already the sausage was nothing to write home about. good service i suppose and that's the only reason i'm not giving it 1 star, as far as Chicago Style goes i think Johnnie's pizza is light years ahead. Not worth it if your in that shopping center and you must eat just go to Codfathers.
5	Unbelievably delicious pizza - the marinated spinach on a couple of them - L'Italiana and Mama's - is fantastic. We tried the calzones - I think they were the best I've ever had. We tried the Baked Spaghetti and Mama's spinach calzones. I don't know why we would go anywhere else for pizza or calzones unless we're out of town! We have only gotten take-out so far but look forward to eating in next time we go out.
5	Visiting or live in Phoenix??? NEED TO GO HERE for Pizza!!  MMMMmmmm
3	Well sadly I have been forced to change my view of Spinato's.  April 3, 2013 I did my weekly visit to the restaurant to enjoy pizza and drinks with some friends.  In walks a young man and a young woman who were set at the table just next to me a few feet.  On his waist band was a 9 MM pistol.  I am fully for gun rights, as I own one as well, however what I am not for is eating dinner in a family establishment with loaded handguns strapped to other patron's waists.  Every one with in distance of the gun (which had a significant clip attached to it) asked why he felt he needed it in the restaurant.  What we all concluded was this establishment must not be safe if he feels it is necessary to arm himself as he did.  Spinato's allowed this man to carry this in to their establishment as under Arizona law they could choose to keep them out.  I loved you Spinato's, but I simply don't feel comfortable sitting three feet from a random stranger who is armed to the hilt and could take every one out in a matter of minutes.  I think it is fair to say we can all enjoy your pizza without a 50 clip strapped to our waists.  Or is your establishment so unsafe I should arm myself next time I come?  Unfortunately, I won't ever take the chance again.  I DEFINITELY will miss you...(I changed my rating from 5 to 3...the food I give a 5, the environment I now give a 1---makes 3 a good compromise).
3	I ordered the Margherita pizza. it was just ok I have never had one made like I have tasted in New York with fresh balls of mozzarella fresh bail and tomato's. I still will order but maybe ill try something different.
5	Soo good! One of our fav spot. This and oreganos! :) The lemonade is my favorite and the meat lovers pizza!
1	This is a terrible place to try to take a large group.  The food is mediocre at best.  But they run the place poorly.We called ahead to see if they could seat a party of 8.  They told us that they could not take our name over the phone, instead we had to show up to put our names in.  My wife went ahead and reserved the table.  She was told it would be 45 minutes.  She came home and we began getting the kids ready.  We showed up 15 minutes before we were told, but they had already given the table away.  We were told that it would be another half hour before we could be seated.  Unfortunately, their waiting area is very packed and does not hold 8 comfortably.   We left, I will never go back.  It should not be a hassle to take your family out to eat.  The main reason for eating out is to avoid hassle.  Spinato's does a good job of making life difficult.
5	Awesome!!!!!  Great service!!!   Do not miss this neighborhood gem!!!
5	WOW! This IS the best pizza in Phoenix.I personally am not a fan of thin crust BUT this place changed My mind.We were going to get the thick crust until we noticed EVERY table had ordered the thin crust.The sauce is AMAZING! We even bought some to take home.The service was quite attentive as well.The night we came they had beer specials. Hooray for specials!I travel nationwide ALOT and have been on the quest for the best pizza in Phoenix for about 2 years now. THIS IS IT!I just wish they delivered to My house. They did mention that several people order delivery outside the coverage area and meet them at a gas station (QT and circle K) to pick up pizza. Talk about going above and beyond for customer service.WE WILL BE BACK and bringing more friends next time.Like that it was LGBTQ friendly.Thanks Spinato's!
5	They get 5-stars because they have gluten-free pizza!! I usually get their Mamma Spinato's signature pizza. It's wonderful! Like nothing I have ever tasted before.Their wait staff is always good and very efficient. It's always crowded so try not to go at peak times.
5	Let me just say that I freaking LOVE Spinatos. I've been a handful of times and always forget how much I love it. I wanted some pizza yesterday so we decided to shoot up here. it's in a strip mall, but don' t let that fool  you. This place is the REAL DEAL when it comes to great pizza in the Valley. Their specialty is this marinated spinach and tomato pizza and it's awesome. WE opted to each order our own personal pizza, that's around $7 and comes with the perfect amount of pizza for one person. I went with the Super Six: pepperoni, sausage, ham, mushrooms, onions and peppers. Wifey went with the spinach special with ricotta, which was another  fifty cents, no biggie. My daughter always gets the kids cheese ravioli, $4. The service is fantastic, just a real small restaurant feel.  Get there early, it gets crowded. On Wednesdays ,they have half off bottles of wine..score!
5	From start to finish:Answering the phone was Elena, who was friendly and attentive.  I ordered two pizzas and she told me delivery would take 45-60 minutes ( and I am 4 miles away).It took 35 min.I ordered the thin crust Signature Spinach, and Super Six (meat & vegetable), and they are a tasty balance of flavors, and it smells great.I hope you are within range of them for delivery because you will never order from a major chain again.
5	In my humble opinion...best pizza in the valley.
5	One of my all time favorite restaurants but today's delivery girl was a little ray of sunshine! Such a refreshing change from most delivery people! Thank you spinatos for being a cut Above!
5	Went here in the middle of the week and there was a line outside the place to pick up to go orders and the dining room had about a 30 minute wait so they are really busy and I can see why. I got a Nicole's new favorite pizza here and it was one of the best pizza I have had in Phoenix. I love this place and plan to become a regular.
5	This pizza is delicious. What more is there to say??
3	Got a personal "Nicola's New Favourite" but with ham instead of pepperoni and friend got the L'Italiana. Her's had a lot more feta than mine which I was a bit disappointed on but otherwise, it was a really delicious pizza. It had plenty of really fresh, flavourful basil which was a nice change from usual. We also split the garlic bread with cheese which was awesome and the cookies (cake-y and good but baked that morning rather than "fresh" which was also kind of disappointing). They were also out of the apple serenata when we asked for it because I guess they make them in large batches for the week rather than to order... and by Sunday night they were just out. Salad, bread, cookies, and two pizzas for just over $32 before tip.Service was pretty good though they seem disorganized about seating. It's not a huge place so that was odd. Overall - good food and decent service so I would probably recommend. Still, not enough to top Oregano's or even NYPD.
3	The service was great, they were busy with many in line for take out also, but I was able to get a seat immediately. I told them it was my first time so they suggested the "Super 6" (it's a mix of meats and veggies). They had a decent beer selection, but nothing spectacular. The pizza was thin crust, very thin crust. The meat, cheese, and veggies were delicious and tasted fresh. The three star rating comes from the amount of oil and grease on the pizza; it's extremely oily. I have an issue with pizza places that pour oil onto their pizza, I think it takes away from the marinara and toppings. The crust was not very good either. As mentioned before, it's really thin and would fall apart with the weight of the cheese, toppings, and excessive amount of oil. The marinara and oil soaked the crust within 5 minutes and the pizza was difficult to eat without a fork. Overall, not a bad place, but I'm still on my pursuit for the best or a great pizzeria in the Phoenix area.
5	I have been going to Spinato's for YEARS.  I live in Central Phoenix, and I do get out and try the more "upper crust" (pun intended) pizza places that are opening up around me.  Sorry Charlies, Spinato's may not have been featured in Bon Appetit or...but it is the best pizza in town.  I'm not much of a crust fan (goes to my hips!), but their thin crust is THIN and has just the right about of tooth and crunch.  They never skimp on ingredients...They go out to the full perimeter of the pizza and are beyond delicious.What is really the clincher, for me, is the tomato sauce.  It has a tad bit of sweetness to it, which really compliments the toppings.I have some left over from last night and I'd better stop and go have a piece!  I enjoy going to the restaurant because you get it piping hot, but it is good delivered as well.  They are expanding the restaurant to their new location @ 7th St. & Missouri.  I've been meaning to write this for a long time.  Check it out for yourself.  I doubt you'll be disappointed!
2	I ordered online for take out. I got the margherita pizza and a spinach calzone. The pizza had no sauce on it. None. Not like any margherita I've ever had. The calzone had way too much garlic and it was really sweet. Also, everything was incredibly oily. Yuck. It was almost inedible. Also, there's a problem with their online ordering system. I ordered the pizza under my name. I had to set up an account with a password and everything. No big deal. When I placed my order the only option to pay was immediately instead of also at the pizza shop. My husband gave me his credit card to pay with and I did so. Still this is all fine other than the pizza shop losing out on a tipping opportunity but, whatever, not my business. When we got to Spinato's my order was nowhere to be found. They asked me if it could be under a different name and I said no I just set up my account and we already paid, what's going on with our order? Then as we're trying to figure out what happened we started going over what we ordered and then a man appeared with the food. My name was right on it. I pointed out that there's my name printed right on the piece of paper that's with the food. Then the lady behind the counter got a little condescending with her tone as she told me that the order is under the name on the credit card. I kept my name so me and my husband have different names. Why didn't she say this in the first place? Why the condescending tone? She might work there and know how the system is set up but, as a first time customer how would I? Also, if the food is under credit card name and they require that you pay online immediately when you order then why do I need an account unless they want to spam me for ordering food from them? or sell my info for extra $$
5	Hells yeah!
5	My family and I have been here several times and have NEVER had bad food, service, or experience. We have NEVER had better pizza, and ever since we discovered Spinatos, we have literally never ordered or had Pizza Hut, Papa John's, Domino's, or Little Ceaser's ever since!
5	Love it. 6 stars - at least. Great service from everyone. Server, manager, hostess. Great pizza. I'm a bit of pizza snob and I really like this pizza. And I think it's a great value. 2 adults, 2 kids - when the check came I truly felt it was a great deal. We've been twice and it's instantly become a favorite. Signature Spinach extra crispy - love the garlic - so good.
2	Eh. Placed an order for delivery online for the first time tonight.  The confirmation said it would be 75 minutes, which wasn't unreasonable because the NBA Finals were on TV. It actually took 90 minutes and the pizza was barely warm, and definitely not hot. I had to put it in the oven. Ordered the Combo pizza. The Italian sausage was good, the peppers were ok, but the mushrooms were canned. Gross. The sauce was also way too sweet. Definitely not my favorite pizza and I won't be ordering from there again, especially when a large pizza is $20. If you charge that much for a pizza it better show up hot and it better be good.
5	We went to Spinato's tonight for dinner. I really can't say enough good things about the food and service. I am from Indiana. There is a pizza place in Indiana and Illinois called Aurelio's. The pizza there is superb. Apparently, Mr. Spinato and Mr. Aurelio worked together in the pizza business, and opened the first Spinato's in AZ together. My mother is visiting from Indiana, and I wanted to taste pizza that reminded her of home. She loved it. We all loved. My mother and I split a medium pizza. My half was Mama Spinato's signature fresh spinach and hers was the Chicago. My husband had a medium Nicole's new favorite. All of the pizza was amazing. Before dinner In ordered a dinner salad. I figured it would keep me from devouring my whole pizza. The salad was also really good. Throughout our meal, our server, Madison stopped by frequently to ask how things were and to see if we needed anything. She was the best waitress we have had in a long time. All in all, it was a great experience. We will definitely be back!
5	I give this restaurant 5 stars not because it's a 5 star restaurant, but because their pizza and service are both amazing.  This thin crust Chicago style pizza is almost identical to the Aurelios pizza I grew up on in the south suburbs of Chicago.  It's pizza perfection.  The brownie dessert is to die for.  We didn't try to calzone but saw lots of other customers who ordered them.
5	I have never dined in here, so I can only speak about the food really.  I have ordered carry out and delivery many times from this place and have never had a bad experience.  Everything is always really fresh.  When I have done carryout the employees were always nice and attentive.  The delivery staff is always good as well.  Delivery has taken up to an hour at times on lunch, so just be prepared.  The food is still good, hot, and fresh when it arrives and is worth the wait.  Sign up for their email coupons and you will have a pleasant surprise every year the week of your birthday.  Bottom line, if I were to move from Phoenix and come back for a visit, my first food destination would be Spinato's for the Italian Beef Calzone.
4	Food 4 stars - service 5+ starsFound this on Yelp on got there right when it opened.  Within 15 minutes the place was packed, we thought...."this must be good".  We tried the beef steak calzone with au jus - very tasty.  I tried the Natalie's new pizza (small size) and my BF had a meat pizza.  I wasn't a huge fan of the thin crust - it is more cornmeal than dough but the toppings and flavor profile was delicious.  we also had salad since and tried 2 of their 6 homemade dressings.The waitress was fantastic.  She even brought a sample of their vodka marinara and marinara sauces to try and they were incredible.  They were dark red, very condensed, excellent flavor.  They sell the dressings & sauces at the store.  A good find and we would definitely go back.
5	My favorite pizza in town! I love the thin crust. Sweet sauce, thin crunchy crust, gooey cheese. Great combination of flavors. Man, I'm getting hungry just thinking about it. I tried the spaghetti calzone: so many carbs, so delicious. And for good measure, they make some really good chocolate chip cookies.
5	I joined Yelp because of this place!  We saw lots of positive reviews while we did a staycation at nearby Pointe Hilton.  We weren't disappointed.  I don't think pizza will ever be the same in my eyes again.  I had the L'Italiana and it was incredible.  Great sauce, awesome crust and the roasted red peppers and spinach were delicious as well.  It dawned on me later that I just ate a pizza without any meats on it and my inner-carnivore wasn't even mad.  I wish there was a closer location for future cravings!
5	Spinato's is wonderful!!! Their signature spinach pizza is to die for!! Every time we have a chance to order pizza for our work we always chose Spinato's. They are super friendly and we have never been disappointed. Definitely worth trying out if your in the mood for pizza!
5	This is really a 10 star review. My mom came to visit from Oregon and would probably have eaten Spinato's every night if she had the chance. Why you ask? Strangely addictive pizza. In my continuing effort to avoid moving to a wardrobe consisting entirely of pants with elastic waistbands, I usually exercise some level of self discipline when it comes to pizza. If I ate exclusively Spinato's pizza it would  be sweatpants from here on out. Try the mama's special (I think that is the name) with the marinated spinach. I know it doesn't sound great but it is amazing (throws another pair of sweatpants into the cart at Costco).
4	Sweet sauce....NICE!
5	Best pizza I have ever had!! I dream about this pizza, no other pizza comes close... I feel like I'm cheating on Spinato's when I eat other pizza. That's how good it is! Spinato's is an all around great restaurant, family owned, service is friendly and accommodating... good for dates, dinner to catch up with a friend, lunch with a coworker, great for a group dinner for a birthday or just family. I usually start off with the garlic bread, which comes with marinara sauce.. But I recommend making it a little more fun by adding mozzarella cheese, fresh basil, and tomato. The salads are tasty and come in a good sized portion... For example, a side salad is good for 2, entree is good for 2-3. My go to pizza is the Mamma Spinato's which includes spinach, tomatoes, garlic, and toasty cheese tossed with love! I always add onions for that extra kick.. Pizzas can be shared and split into 2 different combinations (they even separate it with a line of tomato sauce so you know which is which) dessert is the only department they lack in.. Cannoli's are no bueno :( the dough tastes old and the cream filling is too sweet.  Overall, this is definitely on my top favorite list of restaurants in the valley.. Eating here always makes my day.. Heck even my week!! :)
4	My boyfriend and I just moved to Phoenix, and we were looking for a nice place for pizza. Luckily, Spinato's was just around the corner. The service was fantastic, with a wait time around seven minutes. Curious about their tea, our server allowed us to have a sample (in a rather large cup) of their green tea. Ultimately, we didn't order any tea, but our server provided consistent, positive service. My boyfriend and I ordered a large Da' Greek pizza for our meal. While the pizza combination was delicious, I did find a slight flaw. The only thing I didn't like was the amount of moisture soaked into the crust. I'm not sure if that's how the pizza is supposed to be, but it was almost impossible to eat without a fork. There was enough pizza to take home though, and the leftovers lasted us for a couple of days. Also, be sure to try the Cider. SO GOOD!
5	I love this place!
2	I really had to take time and taste this pizza and some how the thin crust with sausage, pepperoni, and mushroom was very salty either due to the sausage or pepperoni but either way its not the quality of items that I am use to in a pizza, a little history about myself I was raised in a family of catering I really get into the taste of food, the tomato sauce I really did not get that feeling on my taste buds of oh that's good, and by the way when a pizza place starts using a dough press instead of kneading the dough themselves looses 2 stars off the the top, you cannot replace kneading and a rolling pin . I have made pizza's before and i make my own sauce and use quality ingredients once you do it yourself for a while then you can really sharpen your taste buds for  quality pizza. I have to say CIBO has a better pizza, and Grimaldi's due to the fact that the dough, tomato sauce is much better quality."The Gastro"
4	Eating here for years and always enjoy the food. Customer service is a major reason I come back to most places. Tonite I called for delivery because I've been sick for a week. The manager took my order and was incredibly nice with get well wishes. Upon delivery, so was the driver. To my surprise-I received my yumalicious food AND a get well surprise of cookies!! How thoughtful is that?!?! A true Italian family restaurant, filled with heart. Thank you Daniel and Stafff, for the meal & thoughtfulness. It will never be forgotten.
5	This place has the best gluten-free pizza in town. Even if you aren't gluten free if you like thin crust, you will love Spinato's gluten-free pizza. I got it to go so can't speak to the restaurant ambiance, but staff were very pleasant. I'll definitely be going back.
5	I love Spinato's pizza.  I usually get a gluten free Get Meaty.  The gluten free crust is better than any I've had.  Their regular crust is, of course, delicious as we'll, but I have come to enjoy the gluten free crust even better than the regular.  My family loves to go to Spinato's.
1	this was the first time in this place, we wanted pizza and stopped here.the pizza:the crust had to be frozen,barely cooked and so disgustingly saggy in oil.the sauce was the most horrifying experience in my life, so gross,sweeten with sugar, it must be because they are definitely using can pizza sauce .the cheese was not cheese, it tasted like rubber,i picked up the stupidly cut small square and the whatever was came off all together..rubber!we order half spinach and half pepperoni, it was so damn oily, the spinach was very salty and the pepperoni (very little) probably the cheapest brand you can get.i was very surprise how busy they were, i just can not  understand why a person that like good food (like me) would come back in here.this was the most disgusting PIZZA THAT I EVER TRIED IN MY LIFE..frozen pizza from walmart is 100% times better.and the damn thing (i can't call it pizza anymore) was $22 for a 16".waist of money,time and my stomach hurt like hell.TERRIBLE!Do not go!
5	place is too good
4	Pizza was great, salad not so much
5	I have an obsession with Spinato's pizza. It could have something to do with the sauce, or the homemade Italian sausages or the soft chewy pizza dough, but whatever it is, I just can't get enough. This past weekend, I finally had the chance to visit this location. We dined in the intimate dining room amongst families enjoying a pizza on the town. The service was on par, the atmosphere was nice but the best part of the night was the delicious pizza. It's so good I force myself to enter a food coma just to have another piece. The pizza is Chicago thin-crust pizza with fluffy and soft square pieces of pizza with their signature sweet pizza sauce that makes their pizza what it is. For pizza parlor pizza, this is hands down my favorite. I just wish they had one closer to where I lived!News alert: While there, I learned that they are moving locations in the next couple weeks, so before you visit, give them a call to make sure they haven't moved locations yet!
4	Despite living in Central PHX for a decade and only two miles from their previous location, until earlier this year I'd never eaten at Spinatos. Twice this year I have ordered the Baked Spaghetti Calzone with ricotta and Vodka Cream sauce as take out. Unique and absolutely delicious! Last night, which was their first night in their new 7th Street and Missouri location, I finally tried their pizza (also as take out). I couldn't decide between the Get Meaty or the Here's the Beef, which is not on the Menu link on their website, only on the Order link. Once I got to the order page I was very happy to find that I didn't have to choose between these two pizzas: I could get half of each on one pie. Score! In addition, extra cheese (they offer mozz, ricotta, feta, gorgonzola...the last at least on the Here's the Beef) were at no addt'l charge...though this may only apply to select items (e.g., maybe not for addt'l meats or veggies and perhaps only for their Specialty and Popular Combinations but not if you make your own). Bonus!The pizza itself was great. Not the best I've ever had (had better albeit different types in Chicago and elsewhere in the Midwest), but maybe the best in PHX. I got the Sicilian crust as I'm not a fan of thin crust and it was excellent. Of the toppings' combos I ordered, I liked the ones on the Here's the Beef (with extra gorgonzola and extra mozz) better, but the problem with this pie was the lack of sauce, which in my opinion is the thing that makes these pizzas so tasty. If I had to do it again, I'd order the Here's the Beef with addt'l pizza sauce. The Get Meaty (with feta and extra mozz) was great, too, no doubt.I'm happy I finally tried their pizzas and will definitely return to try other combos and hopefully also check out their brand new dining space.
5	I just visited their new location at 7th Street and Missouri.  The baked spaghetti calzone (with meatballs and ricotta cheese) put me into a wonderful afternoon food coma.  The personal size is more than enough for a filling lunch, but you need to get the regular size if you want to take some leftovers home.  They have such amazing food and they have a beautiful new building now too!
5	I really like the pizza. We ordered the 7" personal size custom toppings ! The red sauce was the best I have ever had. On the sweeter side but amazing . Crust was perfect fairly thin and crispy . I loved it.
1	my family and I have been going to spinato's for several years, so we where very exited when we found out their new location was only 4 blocks away from our home "WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT'' the menu is lacking some of their best dishes we ordered a pizza I don't know if they got new cooks or he was having a bad day I ordered the spaghetti with the side of meatballs and you only get 2 choices of sauce COME ON "spaghetti factory you can order the spaghetti with meatballs" I guess if you have to buy separate they charge you more money witch is ridiculous for frozen meatballs I took a bite and it was cold and wet inside  I asked for the manager and he never came, I wonder how many of this reviews are from their friends and family this new restaurant does not measure up to the old one my family and I will not be going back
5	I love Spinato's! Recently my husband and I planned a dinner out. When circumstances required a shift in the plan we chose Spinato's because we did not want to be disappointed. And of course we were not. The food was great and our server was very friendly.They offer a gluten free crust, which works well with their sauce!
5	Good food, freakin' BEAUTIFUL  building, my mother & I sat in the bar, and after I said something to an EXTREMELY loud waitress at the table behind us (geez servers, inside voices, please!), everything was great. Good, attentive service by a fella, really good food, we'll be back.
5	Best pizza in town!!!"...so good, you'll jump up and slap the person sitting next to you..."This location has moved to the corner of Missouri & 7th St; talk about making a good thing better.
5	This is the Pizza I grew up with on the West Side of Chicago, in a Northern Italian neighborhood. Nothing like this is available anywhere else in Phoenix and is worth the drive every single time.
