4	So,  I am probably being very generous with 4 stars but what can I say besides I am a SUCKER when it comes to a good mom & pop spot! Yes, literally mom & pop....that's all folks!  How cute is that? The wife was the waitress and the husband was cooking. The run down tiny shopping center this place is in  could make one deduct a star or two but don't judge!The food on a whole is more along the lines of 3 (bright shiny) stars . Definitely worth mentioning are the springs rolls, crispy and flavorful. Also their fried dumplings(4 in an order) were quite big and delicious with more filling then dough ratio which I enjoy .One in particular dish I had was really tasty IMO. The garlic butter shrimp! Yum  yum yum. AND I could actually eat the broccoli as it was cooked  to perfection which is a big plus. NOT that hard as a rock crap they throw in for color OR that mushy, horrid texture in your mouth stuff either. My only minor complaint would be I would have liked it a bit more juicy.But the taste was great .The sesame chicken, not crazy for it (maybe it was the lettuce thrown in there) No, it was the sauce and actually pieces of chicken that turned me off. The sauce had little flavor and the chicken was a bit chewy. Lo mien was just o.k.,  the noodles seemed overcooked causing it to be soggy. Even though I said I was generous with the stars I do consider myself a fan. They had a few diner's in there and a few people picking up to-go orders in this small little place in a not so great spot.  So, obviously there are other fans out there as well. After all,  we can't ALL be suckers.
3	I used to go to Yen's a great deal more when I worked in the area, and it really hasn't changed much in a decade.  Perhaps more, but that's about how long it had been since I had been there.The tiny storefront in a run-down strip mall is indeed run by what appears to be a two-person staff, and the food is good, if perhaps a bit uninspired.Service is friendly, and they keep things humming along nicely.  There just isn't much exciting about the place, unfortunately.  I'm glad that they are still here after all these years.  We happened to be here fairly early in the day, and as we were leaving, it was good to see that there were a number of people coming in.
4	I love this place.  This is my go-to take out place in the neighborhood and in Charlotte in general.  Husband and wife team couldn't be more friendly, warm and helpful.  The Duck Flambe is a must have, as well as the pork dumplings.  In fact, I've never ordered anything that I wasn't pleased with.
5	Yen is Back! !  !  Gourmet Chinese at its Finest!Best Chinese in Charlotte!  Best Chinese I have had since the last time I was here!  This is another place "55" introduced me to about three years ago and is one of the few places I want to eat Chinese!  Mr. 1,2 really sold me on this place and told me about the OPEN Kitchen.  Told me to sit at the Bar and talk to Yen as he cooks.  I've been here enough that they know me, though have not sat at the Bar yet.  The "Bar" is your Kitchen-side "Table"! Last Saturday I arrived about 5:45 pm and was warmly welcomed by "Jean" (I'm guessing on the spelling of her name).  This place has a great following and they seemed to know every customer by first names!I ordered a Stir-fried Chicken dish, one I have never had nor heard of with: Bok Choy, Mushrooms, Peppers and Onions. The Fried Rice was Better than most Fried Rice Entrees of any ethnicity and Egg Drop Soup as good as the Best Egg Drop Soup I have had anywhere!Dining here feels like being a popular family member visiting after a long absence!
2	It's a pretty standard Chinese place primarily focused on take-out customers.  It's definitely not the "Best Chinese in Charlotte", but it's OK.  It's pretty much a standard Chinese restaurant menu with very little originality, surprise, or excitement.  The picture of Yen on the wall is from like 1994, where apparently he got some acclamation in the Observer.  Hardly worthy of mention here a decade later.Had the dumplings, spring rolls, mandarin chicken and Moo Goo Gai Pan.  All of which was average at best.
