5	Awesome honest people. Jiffy Lube ruined my air conditioning in the middle of summer. These guys helped me out. Great prices. Thanx Jiffy Lube. You made me find a great new location to get my oil changes at.
5	We have been going to Arnold's Auto Center for 10 years for our oil changes and maintenance.  They are honest and reliable and I highly recommend them.
1	This has to do with the Body Shop my insurance company sent me there. I was pleased with the way I was treated . I got my quote and went and checked out a couple of other places that told me they were not going to do it right because of the paint chipping close to where it was it the car need to be stripped to the metal because it they just sanded it and painted the paint would crack after a year . When it came down to cashing out they sent my insurance company a totally different estimate which gave me less money. So if you take you car there for an insurance estimate don't cash out because you will get less money than what was quoted
5	This is a family operated place.  They do everything from sales to repair.  After looking hard for a newer jeep grand Cherokee I saw an ad on AutoTrader.com that was the right price.  After a quick call to Craig Arnold and we were on our way from Oro Valley.  When we got to the dealership we were met by the friendly Arnold Family.  The price remained the same as what was quoted on the phone.  After our test drive of the vehicle we were down to doing the paperwork.  This was one of the best car buying experiences we have ever had.    We will definitely return to buy another vehicle from them when it is time.  We would recommend them to anyone trying to buy a vehicle that doesn't want to go through the painful sit down and talk numbers game that most dealers do.  This was a wonderful experience.
5	My husband rode over some tire treads on the freeway and it took a chunk out of the side panel of our car.  We have been going to Arnold's for years and found out they were on our insurance company's preferred list so we had them do the body work.  They did an excellent job and our deductible ended up lower than we had thought.
