2	What's up with this place ... it is not open during posted hours. Chairs are turned upside down on the tables, door locked, and an [Open] sign is still hung in window. I was there 8:00am (closed) Fri. 4/1 - posted hours 7:00am. I was there 9:00am (still closed) ... what's going on? Also have driven by in early afternoon, closed.Their ad in the 4-2-11 Chandler Republic states:Now Open Melted Cheese Kitchenopen 7am to 3pm Monday - Saturday for Breakfast & Lunchwhat gives?I'm willing to spend money and the place is not open.
1	Unfortunately, I will be sticking with my own policy of "Good Reviews require two visits, NOT so good Reviews require only one."I wish I could say something wonderful about this new concept restaurant, other than the fact that it was cute, clean and the staff (two people) were very friendly, but the good comments stop there.I opted for the Grilled Cheese with tomatoes and bacon (at the Proprietors suggestion) on Sour Dough Bread. Now I love Grilled Cheese, almost with anything on it, so this concept was right up my alley. Price on the menu was a little high for what it was ($7.65 with tax), but if it was fabulous - NO PROBLEM, I would be a loyal Customer!The Grilled Cheese was plain and only okay. The magic ingredient to me in most Great Grilled Cheese Sandwiches is - BUTTER. Some recipes and friends put it inside the sandwich as well as on the outside to grill it. I guess "With Butter It Is Better" is true. I have had low quality cheese on Wonder Bread that was made to taste fabulous with a hot griddle and BUTTER. My youngest daughter started making them when she was little and hers' were and are to this day, quite wonderful!Oh for that to be the case here. I believe the ingredients were/are top quality with Tilamahook Cheeses and Boar's Head Brand meats and cheeses being advertised and served. The finished Grilled Cheese was dry and in spite of the bacon, almost tasteless. Nice quantity of well melted cheese, but the bread added nothing and the tomato was equally tasteless. All in all, NOT even a good, never mind great grilled cheese sandwich. A major disappointment! Served with some nice crisp potato chips, I probably wouldn't have finished the sandwich if I had breakfast this day, it was that unappetizing. I had hoped to be blown away and forced to make the 14 mile trip (one way) from my home often, but I won't be going back.
2	I wanted to like this place b/c I enjoy unique places but alas very mediocre. Friendly service but make yourself a grilled cheese @ home
4	I wanted to love this place when I was walking in... and I'm almost there!My wife, 1yr old daughter and I decided to try these guys out since we all love a good grilled cheese sandwich. As we walked in, the place was empty other than the very friendly lady working the counter (well she was really working the entire establishment).We talked a bit with her... I believe she was an owner (I'm bad with names... I can't remember her name right now) she was very nice and helpful. They added salads to the menu and removed the flatbread sandwiches they used to offer. The choices looked good so my wife and I mulled over the menu for a while.My wife chose the mousetrap, a grilled sandwich with cheddar, havarti, swiss, and tomato. I decided to get the same thing... but I added bacon to mine. My little girl had the Kids meal (cheddar grilled cheese).It was all cooked fresh... and it took a little while to get our food (we were not in a hurry). When it came out it had a clean presentation on the plate and looked very appetizing. I saw that the potato chips served with my sandwich looked odd... so I ate one... and it was fantastic. I didn't see that they served homemade potato chips with their sandwiches (it's on the menu, but I missed it).After the chip, I caught a whiff of the Moustrap with bacon... it smelled great. I had my first bite and was happy with my decision to copy my wife's choice :-)The food was pretty good, my wife liked it and my little girl loved he sandwich. It was not too greasy... especially considering it had three types of cheeses in it. But at the same time, it was not too dry either... it was very close to perfect.I asked the friendly lady how they were doing and she responded with "better than last year". Evidently they had next to no business the previous year... which is sad since they she is a very nice lady and they produce a good product.I think we are going to make this our Saturday Lunch spot for the family. While it is not cheap, it is not too expensive. I love to support Local Food and Local Restaurants, and we all love the place.The place was clean, nice and open, and there is a patio outside (but no chairs)... it felt like 106 degrees out today so I didn't pay to much attention to outdoor seating :-)I encourage you to give this place a shot. Their hours seem to change a lot... I think it is based on the owner's schedule (I don't think they have that many people on staff). At the time of this review, they are open Tuesday - Saturday, 11am to 4pm. I really wish they would open on Sunday as that is when we normally go out for lunch and dinner (our once a week family outings).I hope to see you there!
1	i called the phone number 11-6-11 ... recording "the number you dialed is not in service"
