3	Great ambiance for a Asian fusion restaurant, but where are my Asian peeps at???  The hostess-white, our waiter-black, our busboy-Mexican, but on my way to the restroom I finally find them.... The two cooks were Chinese.  The group of us were all from Asian decent and we asked our waiter to recommend some dishes.  When he mentioned kung pao and chop suey, I also busted out laughing.  The food was decent and their idea of brown rice is white rice tossed in soy sauce.  Oh yeah, you had to request chop sticks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I'm glad I live in the Bay Area.  If you want to try this place, get the Vietnamese beef cubes, the Korean seared steak, the deep fried whole flounder and the fried spinach that tasted like chips.
2	I have nothing compelling to say because this restaurant is unremarkable.  The food is good.  I have eaten here a few times when I was with a group.  I wouldn't ever choose it on my own accord.
3	"Asian Fusion" not sure I agree with the concept... I've eaten at two of these restaurants, the one near Tempe, and the one in north Scottsdale...  The food is good, the place trendy... the Scottsdale location has a nice outdoor seating area, nice for a date when the weather is correct...
3	food is not bad... not my first place for asian in PHX, but i do like sitting at the bar from time to time... i also find the food hit or miss...
3	I like the Bamboo Club, but it doesn't seem to bode well with purists. It is a very Americanized spin on Chinese food, with some dishes it works well and others not so much. I struggle with a fierce addiction to Panda Express so I refer to it from time to time, but I feel I'm justified this time. Bamboo Club is like a deluxe version of Panda Express. In fact, their best dish is also the orange chicken, only done much more tastefully than their greasy counterparts. It's a little overpriced considering what they are offering (semi-glorified mall food) but, all in all, not bad.
2	Bamboo Club Asian Bistro is a corporate chain of about 10 restaurants, most in AZ, trying to capitalize on the success of that other AZ HQ chain, PF Chang's. The formula is provide Panda Express food in an upscale "Bistro" environment, add table service and a bar, so you can charge more to ignorant Americans who love their sweet and sour pork in a CPK like atmosphere, then expand to locations and sales to eventually go public and cash out before the trend fades. Someone took me to the upscale Biltmore Shopping Center one in Phoenix. I could do better in any Chinatown.
3	First the postives:  Great locations, easy to find, lots of parking, nice decor/atmosphere, cozy booths, friendly staff, interesting name.  The place was very clean. Food started off OK with the combination appetizer plate.   Pot stickers were good.  Expensive.Negatives:  Food was not good.  Had the spicy fish dish, tasted like sweet and sour pork with chili peppers with plain steamed asparagus on the side (yuk).  Others had the Steamed halibut - no taste, lettuce wraps - mushy and a bit salty, chow mein - ok.  In summary, overpriced want to be PF Changs, but at least PF Changs food is good.
2	Ugh. I realize now that any place with the words club, factory or n things in their name I'm gonna give 2 stars or less. Or the word rainforest. But that's a different story. I dared to try something exotic. Salt and pepper shrimp. Hey, I'm Scandanavian. Pepper is an exotic spice to my people. But, I'm sorry, pepper must have been 86d that day. It was more like Salt shrimp. Or Soggy ass salt shrimp. Not good. We had the obligatory chain restaurant appetizer combo. No Awesome Blossom here folks. But overall this beat the entrees. Chased down with a lychee nut cocktail I was ready to quit this club. Service was amiable, but we were stuck in a corner, blocked in by a large party, with, ugh, children. Or as I so affectionately called them, Children of the Corn. Not much joy in this club. Or luck with entree selection. So I say no. No to the Joyless Luckless Bamboo Club.
1	If the fact that they closed at Biltmore doesn't say something.....I'd rather stab myself in the hand w/ a fork than eat there! Ugh!!
2	everyone seems to hate this place,and i do now, but there was one day when i didnt. it was my first visit to phoenix and we could walk there from my moms new condo where everyone seemed to be a midwestern jew so i felt right at home. until i went out with a friend and saw more anorexy fake boobied blondes than i could imagine in any ryan reynolds movie. and NOOOO dive bars (next time im in town- youll all have to tell me where they are). actually there was one dive bar that was great, in a strip mall that had bar shuffle board.the one and only day that i liked the bamboo club was the first time i got orange shrimp. it was fucking unreal. it was on this bed of crispy spinach with a mild orangey sauce and i LOVED it. every time ive been back we have gone here to get the orange shrimp and every time it has sucked more and more. the last time, in june, we went to the one in tempe and it was not only the worst service and coldest air conned mofo but that spinach was soggy. shameful. i wish i could take back my first time (not the first time ive said that) though i doubt i will ever learn that this place sucks shit now and will waste a meal every time i visit:(
5	The Bamboo Club in Scottsdale is still open and was always better than the other locations. The Scottsdale Bamboo is now privately owned by a local family. The menu is similar but offers cheff's specialties as well. The food is consistently awesome. Still upscale casual with the emphasis on casual. Great new energy and run by people who care.
