5	Happy to be the first review for this place!  I am from CT and have found that it is difficult to find a haircutter down here that has any freaking clue what they are doing!!! Gary's IS an old fashioned barber shop.  I'm a 26 year old white guy and I don't want to go to a place where all the brothers go....not that I don't like them....they just cut hair differently and the atmospheres tend to be more loud.   Cuts are CHEAP and they use a straight razor with heated foam.  My first cut there was great and I won't even think about going anywhere else.No cards accepted...only cash or check
5	Simple, straightforward, good work, good price, old school, in and out in 30 min.  Need I say more.
5	This is the real deal. An old fashion barber shop with always 3-4 barbers on duty. Go on in and have a seat, read the newspaper, watch some classic TV like Gunsmoke, and get yourself a real haircut. Fun place, no foul language permitted here! I've been going here for 9 years religiously. Always good conversation at Gary's. A little bit like a step back in time. Worth every penny and every minute. Great place.
5	Exactly what an authentic barber shop should be. The best is the people there, Barbers and Customers. A rare find with a dedicated customer base.  Owner is active in the community.
5	I have been using Gary's Barber Shop since 1990 and it has always been a great place to get a quality haircut and your  ear, neck, and nose hair trimmed. Nose hair freaks out the female hair hackers who work for the cookie cutter hair salon chain stores.
5	Great classic barbershop for young and old. In and out, no bs, very affordable. I have had my hair cut by 3 different barbers there and have been very happy each time.
5	I've been going to Gary's to get my hair cut since the late seventies or early eighties. What can I say, Gary's epitomizes the home town barber shop. Thankfully - no cussing allowed in Gary's, so feel free to take your kids, grand kids, great grand kids - without worry. If Gary ever decides to retire and close his shop that'll be it for me. I'll never be able to find another barber shop like this one. I guess I'll just have to shave what little hair I have left and call it a day!
