3	New Harris Teeter concept store providing beer, wine, and specialty items.  It has a huge selection of beer and wine, a small cafe, cigars, and everything you need for a good relaxing weekend!  Enjoyed walking around the store, but was a bit disappointed.  Was hoping for more prepared foods and perhaps a bakery area.  Breads were relegated to a basket of baguettes as you walk into the store.  The cafe was nice, but wish it was bigger .   Extremely large selection of beer and wine, so nice to have around if you're too lazy to drive to Total Wine by Providence.
4	What was here before?  Bi-who?  I gladly pay this store a visit when I go home for the holidays.  I am very happy they put in a store with a great selection of local North Carolina beers and a broad variety from other regions.  I am usually greeted when I walk in by someone working at the bar and the staff on hand are always friendly, but how could they not be?  They work at the coolest market in Weddington. When you walk in, the bar is located to the right.  It even has a big screen TV so you can get a sandwich, order a glass of wine and watch ESPN...Normally, I walk directly past the fancy cheese kiosk, champagne room and the wine selection to b-line it to the beer.  I've found that on certain brands of beer, they sell them slightly cheaper than at a normal HT store.  They have about any item you would need if you were throwing a party, great snacks, mixers and deserts.  On top of that, there is a stogie room up front for those very special occasions.  The only thing negative that I noticed is that in the back right corner holds the brewing supply section.  I observed that they have a modest assortment of yeast strands, but they are not kept in refrigeration.  It is not a huge concern for novice brewers, but if kept at room temperature long enough, the yeast could age and die prior to use.  The result would be a fairly important delay to the brewing process.
4	I love going here to find something new that I haven't tried before. If only it were closer to me, and not in Weddington, I would be here probably every week.I came here on a Friday afternoon and was surprised that it was so empty. I think I was one of 3 people that were in the store. The staff looked super bored and kept asking me if there was anything they could help me find. I did end up finding a new strawberry cider in pink box that I hadn't tried. *Warning avoid the strawberry cider in the pink box.* Anywho, I also found Butterfingers on clearance because they also have most of the food that the grocery store offers as well as cups, napkins and other party supplies.
5	This store has a great selection of wines and beers (800+) from all over the world.  They also have very cool wine and beer tasting events.  the next one is called "Beers & Brats" on Friday the 18th.  Every Friday there is some kind of wine or beer event..   Saturdays are also great for tasting wines... wines at the wine bar are only $2 per glass.
4	Harris Teeter has always been my fancy food store (sorry, Whole Foods), and 201 Central is fanciness on an unreal level.  They've got cheese wheels in the middle and lots of fun, Carolina-brewed specialties. Be sure to check out their tastings (the last one they had was an autumn beer tasting with bratwurst outside-sucker punch!). The one we went to had New Belgium, Samuel Adams, Dogfish Head, and a few specialty brews and product demonstrations.  I didn't even know they had a bulk food section-that's how multi-farious this joint is. The selection of wines is the bread-winner here, as the price certainly isn't better than Total Wine, and the location isn't as convenient as Earth Fare. For the love of all that is goo-ed, look to start your fancy wine and cheese (or beer and brat) night at 201.
4	This place is huge and completely empty on a Thursday night around 7pm. I have no idea how they will be able to remain open if it's always like this. I was hesitant to purchase any fresh foods because there is no way the turn over is quick. Great place to browse wines and beers although Trader Joe's is way cheaper. They also have a wine bar and do wine and beer samplings. Staff is very helpful most likely because they are bored to death!
5	Beautiful store! All different kinds of wine n beer n the wine n beer tasting is fun! I love all the specialty cheeses n meats too!
