4	East of Montreal, in hochela-maisonneuve, is a poor neighborhood, and still, there is this masterpiece of Kitsch. Like 1 year ago, a young local journalist published a work about Top spot for Kitsch. What is Kitsch, it's Jardin Tiki! It, somehow, work very well as a business, but the concept is quite akward. Akward isn't really the word to describe Jardin Tiki. Ok let's just start with what is this place. It'a cheap chinese buffet, typical chinese-american food. But when you get there, there's  a cocktail menu with and a hawaian decor. The crowd of Jardin tiki is also quite interesting. Old retired people that live in the surrounding of the restaurant area, poor family coming there to enjoy a cheap but convenient meal, hipsters in love with kitsch and vintage restaurant. Waiters and Waitresses had their golden age a long time ago but still manage to have friendly service. The food is more than average, like, it suck! But the experience, the cocktail (goro drink is served in a fresh pineapple) are cheap like hell. They,re a huge fountain with a dragon and some tiki lamp and some turtle in the fountain + some background hawaian tiki music.  It's kind of weird but funny at the same time. They've have a huge parking and last year it hold the 4th of 5th annual rockabilly festival. Some vintage car. Go there at least once and have the intention of drinking some fancy (and cheap) cool cocktails!
4	I'm starting out at 3 stars on the "good on you!" principle for bravely combining Tiki chic with Quebecois-Chinese buffet. Bold choice.The primary reason to come here would have to be the inexpensive festive fruity drink menu - the full blown Gobo in the pineapple will set you back 8$ and the other fancy drinks are cheaper. There is a band playing requests and cover songs - Latin mostly - on Saturdays. The staff is friendly. The Chinese buffet is usually 11$ and, well. It is what it is. Don't over think it. If you can come with a happy crowd and lose yourself in the loops of dreamy drifting Hawaiianish muzak, and in the drinks with their little umbrellas and plastic monkeys, and in a haze of shell lamps galore, near a whole pond full of real live turtles playing pile up... well, it's hard to imagine you'd have a bad time.
1	I feel that maybe I came here for the wrong thing but it's just not right when a place with food this terrible has a four star average on yelp. Let me clarify. I did not have drinks. I came here hungry. I looked at the buffet and thought it looked a bit sad but I thought my hunger would carry me through it. No such luck. This is by far the WORST fake chinese I've had, and I'm generally a fan of Americanized Chinese food. Most of the dishes were tasteless. Some of them had been sitting under the heat lamp for so long that they were hard and inedible. The selection was poor and they just never refilled certain dishes. The only saving grace? Their soft serve ice cream machine. Though that too is negated when the waitress actually stopped us from leaving for tip. I'm usually a generous tipper and I understand that waitstaff depend on tips--part of the misunderstanding was because we weren't sure how much we were supposed to leave for buffet service--but that no way justified the sour looks we got from our server after we've left the change.  Just a great way to top of a terrible dinner.
2	It's somewhere between a 2 and 3 star for me, I settled on two because the food is pretty horrid...like most buffet food I'm sure (I tend to stay far away from buffets, so don't quote me on it).The drinks look really festive though, my hubby loved the one that came in a pineapple.So go for the drinks, skip the food & you should be ok, but the drinks are nowhere near as affordable as the food (bummer).
3	So we showed up on a Saturday night at 9pm and they promptly told us that they were open but would no longer be stocking the steam tables... Oh well we were starved. The food did turn out to be pretty good though with a wide selection of items and everything tasted good.Service was fine and the restaurant interior while tacky, was nice enough.
2	Just got back home from here.......yup!  That's the best I can say about this place!  I made it out alive.....OK maybe that's a stretch but truly, eaters beware!  If you love poor quality canadianized Chinese food, this is your spot.  The food was mostly soggy, MSG-ed and was very limited in choice for your $18 (counted approx 24 items on the hot course buffet).  We had to wait around empty pans hoping someone would come out with something that was at least hot, and fresh enough to not have gone soggy from the copious amonts of oil being used here.  Having voiced all these complaints, the chicken wings were by far the very best thing on the buffet, the rice and chicken goo guy enjoyable, the rest won't make you sick but nothing you'll want to do again soon.We ate here 10 years ago, it was exactly the same, I guess we figured that to still be in business after that long improvements must have been made...Nope!The drinks were varied, interesting, delicious and fairly priced for their size, if you are ordering 'virgins' for the kids....VERY PRICEY!  They only take off $2 per drink, I should have told them to charge me the total and bring me the alcohol....the $6 I saved would have gotten me a pretty stiff drink! We won't be back, unless of course we get a burning need to feed some of the 40+ turtles they have in their fountains!
