5	Bramble is a fantastic little bar, hidden away in a cellar in Queen Street - this is one of those places that you don't just stumble upon, someone in the know has to take you there. When I say it's little, it is very very small, there is probably only room for about twenty people down here. I'm not sure Bramble would be able to operate on bigger premises, with more people the bar staff wouldn't be able to give such high standards of personal service nor take as much time over the construction of your drink.Cocktails are the speciality and the art of making and creating them is taken very seriously, so don't expect your drink to arrive quickly, it will be made with precision and precision takes time. As a famous booze ad once said 'good things come to those who wait'. The wait is definitely worth it though, the cocktails are presented to you in teacups and they taste mighty fine. This is the place to come for an intimate drink with a good friend who appreciates the finer things in life.
5	I'm reluctantly reviewing this bar. I wanted to keep it a secret.This concealed basement bar, with its low ceiling, intimate alcoves and smooth and debonair decor is something special.  It's not all looks and no substance either. Top notch bar staff ensure some delicately crafted cocktails that will have you wondering how such assured concoctions were created. The Pisco Punch is a particularly fine example.Backing this up is some finely selected mellow music, often played by a live DJ (Friday nights). They tend to play mixture of old funk/soul and hip-hop: think Roy Ayers, Common with a slice of MF Doom. Its all top stuff.Plus, unlike many other bars attempting to replicate this excellently poised bar, the prices a justifiable by the quality of the product. Please....don't tell too many people.
5	I love coming across places such as this one- not only because of the sort of "secrecy " a basement location may appeal to, but also to the fact that you can tell its a local favourite.There is little wonder why this is in the top cocktail bars in the country. I will let your taste buds and eyes feast on the mixology abilities of the staff. Surrounded by a chill atmosphere this is certainly a highlight of the area.
4	Bramble is one of these places you can feel quite smug about taking visitors to, as it's the kind of bar you need to have inside knowledge about, location wise anyway. Away from the main strip of bars on George Street and Hanover Street, and residing subtly at basement level just off Queen Street, Bramble mixes up classy, stylish and funky in a cocktail infused, DJ accompanied atmosphere. The bar area is small, with sultry lighting and little pockets of cosy, cave-esque seating and big armchairs, where you can lounge with friends or with whoever you please. This is certainly an "intimate" setting, although something about that word makes we want to laugh immaturely, as it just sounds far too grown up. Let me put it a better way, if you've lived in Edinburgh for a lot of your life, and you're fed up with the nosey, gossiping eyes of people you know peering to see how your date's going, then I would recommend Bramble as a safe house to hide away in.Aside from just being a very cool little bar, the main reason to seek out Bramble is the fantastic selection of cocktails on the menu. Always a sucker for pretty presentation, I favour the cocktails that come in a tea cup and saucer, but all of the cocktails on the menu look amazing, and the bar staff go to pains to make sure everything is mixed up correctly. The bar gets pretty busy at the weekends, so get your cocktail orders in early if you're banking on a seat all evening.
5	Offering delicious cocktails, Bramble is one of my favourite places in Edinburgh if I'm feeling a bit parched. As other reviewers have also mentioned it has a rather "secret" location and it's best kept for those in the know. They have an excellent cocktail menu and a fantastic atmosphere in which to sit for one, or two, maybe even three...One of my favourite cocktails ever is called a Bramble so this place was always going to be a winner for me and the first drink I ordered when I came here was of course, a Bramble which was made to perfection. I do like cocktails with gin in them and my other favourite cocktail from here, which I highly recommend is the Clover Leaf which is a combination of gin, raspberries and lemon, it's ridiculously refreshing. The cocktail list here is amazing and they have some fantastic cocktails that I've never seen on menus elsewhere so a star for creativity. I remember on my last visit seeing a cocktail that had a whole egg in it, I'm not sure how that works. I know they put egg whites in some cocktails but I just have this imagine of a boiled egg just chilling in a glass, which would be really funny.In addition to their creative cocktails they use top notch ingredients and premium spirits unlike some bars that prefer to use their own brand of  vodka, yuck. What's more, every cocktail comes in it's own, special glass. I got a Blueberry Soup on my last visit and it came in a teacup and sauce - how cute!One of the best cocktails bars Edinburgh has to offer, definitely worth a visit!
5	In a hidden spot that somehow manages to keep all the arseholes away despite being just yards from George Street, Bramble surely must be a contender for best cocktail bar in town, or anywhere.It doesn't try too hard to be cool, doesn't bang out the music, but does manage to have a surprisingly laid back atmosphere for the type of bar that would normalyy be nothing less than snooty.I won't spoil the Rum and Coke Float for you, but it really has to be seen to be believed.
3	The cocktail quality and variety can't be derided but it's hardly the place to spend a whole night as it's only really got two decent seating areas and the music's too loud and bass-heavy for the acoustics afforded by it's basement location. A move to more modern, above-ground premises would be a real step forward.
5	What a cool little cave Bramble is!  With not much of a sign out front and hidden down some steep stairs that's what Bramble feels like initially!  Venturing into a small dark little den I didn't know what to expect at first but I was pleasantly surprised.  The most amazing cocktail list and it's table service on cosy little sofas and nooks and crannies I highly recommend the Lavender Martini oh my goodness it is pure heaven but very potent so beware after a couple.  Great service and a laidback atmosphere which improves even more once the dj starts spinning some tunes.  The staff can be a bit funny if you get rowdy though and they don't accept hen nights or anything like that, understandable really I guess and it keeps the mood chilled.  A lovely spot for a cocktail or two, or three.. Just be careful on the stairs on the way out!
5	Shake me, stir me, whichever way you want me, Bramble had me at hello.Now this is my idea of heaven, if what your heaven consists of is shiney, sparkly people, drinks flowing, good tunes on the stereo, and Saturday night fun.Tucked into a wee basement bar, it really does feel like a cave. Small, dark, but still glamorous, it is a cocktail-connosieur's manna. They have an extensive menu of cocktails none of which I had seen before, and they'll happily whip you up any regulars too. So dedicated are they to the art of cocktails that there was a distinct lack of beer taps in order to give more shakin' room for those bad boys.And the cocktails were wonderful. All in all I tried the Blueberry Soup which is rather delightfully served in a china tea cup and saucer, the namesake Bramble, something-555 and Red Rum. They were all distinctly different, none of them were overly sweet or half full of juice / lemonade fillers that the standard bars that serve cocktails do. These were, as I've said, connosieur cocktails.On a Saturday night this place was busy. It is small, there aren't many seats, but most people didn't mind. And it never got TOO crowded. I think because Bramble doesn't shout about how great it is. With barely a sign on the street to signify it's there, it relies on word of mouth and those in the know. I almost didn't want to post this review to keep this little gem a secret a bit longer.Also the DJ on the decks had some rockin' tunes that night. It was perfect for catching up with some friends, and a pre-club drink or four. Bramble, you have my word, I shall return.
4	Bramble is tiny, cave-like and tucked away underground on a blink-and-you'll-miss-it corner but this adds to the appeal of feeling like you've stumbled upon a little-known Edinburgh gem.And you have!If you need lots of space to shake your shimmy or can't last longer than half an hour before needing a seat it's not going to be your thing but after an initial adjustment period you'll quickly be feeling the love. There are lots of nooks and crannies for house-party style flirty moments, a seated area for groups of friends and a small but energetic dance area where you can show fellow Bramblers your appreciation of the in-house DJ's cool but widely-appealing music.There is one bar and you'll be a few people deep to reach it but it's incredibly well-stocked and there is a great cocktail list. Cocktails are original, meticulously created and you'll have fun anticipating what kind of glass it's going to come in, one is served in a little china teacup with saucer!I only docked a star because the toilets were... well probably fine for boys but not so much for us girls who appreciate a clean toilet seat, dry floor and loo roll!Try it, you'll either love it or hate it. If you do love it don't tell your friends about it, it can be our little secret!
4	I've been to Bramble twice now and can firmly say that they a) have awesome tunes and b) have tasty tasty drinks made by incredibly talented bar folk.Not only are the drinks tasty, they're beautifully presented and almost more importantly, incredibly fun to watch as they're made.  This is important because when you go up to the bar to order you wait.  A long time.  This is not the kind of bar where you want to order a beer because you spend 20 minutes waiting to get served (art takes time!) and to end up drinking a beer that you could order anywhere just seems like it would be a major let-down.My only gripes are the toilets which were swimming in gross and spilling out onto the dance floor, and the space.  As I said, the tunes are brilliant but there is just no space to really take advantage of that and you're left crammed in a corner somewhere, or if you're really really really really lucky, at a table.
4	It's telling that Bramble has a few 'guest' drinks on their menu from such internationally well-renowned bars as NYC's Milk & Honey and London's 69 Colebrooke Row. This is the caliber of cocktail crafting that is exhibited in the cosy cavern a mere few minutes walk from Edinburgh's city centre.Being a lover of all concoctions with coloured spirits, the Campbelltown Cocktail with a Springbank 10 year base caught my eye (and my tastebuds). On-menu offerings tend to be contemporary takes on traditional recipes, but undoubtedly you could go wild with some off-menu requests to tap the creativity of the folks behind the counter. Anyone who follows the DrinkBoston blog is likely to know what they're doing with a jigger and a shaker. Bramble's fine bartenders are no exceptions to this rule.
4	Oh my. Those cocktails. That sexy, intimate romantic-dungeon setting. Table service... well, 'table service' as the boy and I did not exactly sit at a table but a bench/bed alcove situation, scattered with pillows and lit with tealights. The space is quite small, and indeed it's a converted basement, but it's shiny and cosy enough to feel right at home in a speakeasy sort of way. The cocktail menu is fairly extensive and creative and the drinks, whilst not overly strong, are unique and delicious. One star off because of the music. I know it's in a popular area of New Town and it's a trendy bar, but I feel the intimate decor and sexy cocktails want more of smooth jazz-type tunes and they were blasting Beyonce (and I mean blasting - in such a small space we had to near shout to hear each other over the music, and we didn't even have a speaker in our alcove). If they'd turn the music down (yes, I'm an old biddy) it'd be a five-star spot for sure.
5	Thanks to Tom and Terry for great cocktails and hospitality; definitly a great adress in Edinburgh. Hope to see you soon again!
5	Went to this bar on my first night in Edinburgh and went back every night after!! The drinks are AMAZING, thanks to the lovely bar staff: Paul and Terry were fantastic. It's hidden but not pretentious like most underground bars I've experienced. You will definitely not be disappointed!!
5	oh wow, coming from Australia I never expected a bar like Bramble to exist in Edinburgh.... it was just so much fun, drank a few Tom Collins' there and they were mighty tasty - definitely going back next time I'm in townheadline: great cocktails, cosy veny, good tunes and a good night. :)
5	Hip hop is the soundtrack. Classic, mid-90s, Goodie Mob stuff. And Hendricks Gin in their signature drink. This is a wonderfully perfect little bar, practically hidden, almost like a speakeasy.
4	Nice place, good bar and good music.
5	Difficult to find but when you do it's well worth it. Try the bramble cocktail.
5	Fabulous bar!! Cosy with sofa areas and service fantastic! Gets very busy on a Saturday so if you fancy a quiet drink, go when it opens during the week or on a sunday after a stroll or shopping!
5	Looking for Sex On The Beach? Don't waste your time Nancy Boy! This is one of the best Cocktail Joints in town, that's for sure. I use it as the turning point in my night out, the mid point in the Tim J Drinker's Guide to Edinburgh - its the final farewell to classy drinking (and its all down hill from there).These guys know their stuff, with a very particular drinks list, the decor and 'uniform' of the staff demonstrate a 100% commitment to providing a quirky-kitsch cocktail Nirvana! They have been recognised throughout the bar trade for being at the top of their game.Tea cups have been trendy for a while, but these guys are no newcomers, so don't knock them for being in amongst it. You wont get a pineapple filled with pina colada, but if you ask them for a straight forward mojito or an old fashioned it will complete you. I, however, prefer to go for something straight from their list, some of which will smack you in the face and make sure you are standing to attention. Tip from the professional drinker, always buy a beer chaser to maintain your rhythm, perfection takes time, and if you drink these the same way you would a straight up spirit and mixer, you will be carried out the back door....Its a very small snuggle of a place, I prefer to find a ledge to stand at as the couches will eat your sexy ass alive...
5	Absolutely love this little hidden gem of a bar! Colin and I came in here last night before going for dinner at Mark Greenaway's, and I was surprised at how much I loved the place. It's a dimly lit, cave-like bar with a few people dotted around the place here and there, with bow-tied staff members eager to make you one of their extravagant cocktails from the extensive menu. The place is not big by any means, but the place was full nonetheless and the range of cocktails I could see was crazy. I sat and watched one of the staff members make a few, with ingredients ranging from a whole raw egg to sprigs of thyme. As well as cocktails, gin seems to be their speciality drink, with, I think I read, over 40 gins on the menu? Crazy!  It's clear from the outside that this place doesn't like to rant and rave about themselves. You probably would not know this place was here without knowledge of it (or without being a helluva good yelper!), as the place is barely signposted. I think it should definitely stay that way, it adds to the overall secretive feel of the place. If you're coming here, shhh don't tell anyone!
4	I quite like this bar. I went once a few years ago and was impressed by the cocktails and the music though it is only recently I have gone there again...so many bars in Edinburgh to choose from! It is small and fairly dark. It actually seems to get darker the longer you're in there. Either they're turning down the lights or my eye sight starts to fail after a while in low lighting. There seems to be lots of nooks and crannies so it's not the easiest to find people, though the darkness might have something to do with that too. The toilets are unisex, which I had pretty much forgotten about since the last time I was in there. When I walked out of the toilet to wash my hands I had that awful feeling I was in the wrong place and then a guy walked in which gave me a fright, though I think he got a bigger fright. Turned out we were both right...phew!The cocktails are great here (and come in cool teacup type glasses) and the music's always cool. Go to this bar if you have good eyesight in low lighting, don't have a fear of small spaces, and are open to sharing bathrooms :D (I think the actual cubicles are labelled with an M and an F so it's not too bad).
4	You remember that old "hair of the dog" adage that everyone likes to talk about? It's probably true, though I can only speak from experience and not hard, scientific knowledge. Anyway, if you're going to go that route, you may as well do it in style. One of my newest watering hole obsessions is the hidden gem, Bramble. I won't tell you where to find it (Google it, kids) or how I came to know about it, but I will say that you would never know it was there if you were just passing by on the street. In that way, it actually reminds me a lot of Philadelphia's Hop Sing Laundromat or Las Vegas' new hidden gem on the block, The Laundry Room (what is it with all these secret places having to do with where you'd wash your clothes?). This underground, dimly lit cave-like establishment comes complete with a menu of amazing artisan cocktails made to perfection by their skilled mixologists behind the bar. I even opted for one with tequila and didn't absolutely hate it. Fancy that...I can see where some people would wince at the price but I'm from Las Vegas, home of the super expensive cocktail so there's that.
4	So....unless you know where it is, you won't be able to find. Or it was me, simply rubbish in finding the place. Passed it 3 times and at the end my friend had to collect me from the outside. What a nice, little bar it was. I loved almost bohemian style to it, and it reminded me a lot of hidden pubs in Cracow. Cocktails were great, they definitely know their trade. Great service, little touch like bartender coming to re-fill our glasses with water. But I think it happens only when they're not busy. Music was too laud, and at first didn't fit the style of the bar. I would expect smooth jazz, blues or soul rather than funk. After a while I changed my mind. It was a perfect choice. Smooth jazz would be too obvious, almost expected. By introducing a different style they created a nice contrast between visual and sound. More places like this please.
5	Pricy drinks, but really cool atmosphere. Everything you would expect from a bar in Newtown!
