3	If memory serves - and it might not - this is the first Waffle House that I ever visited where they accepted credit cards.  For years, the Waffle House would take cash, and only cash.  No checks, no credit cards, just cash.  That's a business model.  Of course, it's not convenient, but it makes life easier for them.As to the experience, you may have to wait, depending on when you get there, but because the service is quick, it's usually not a long wait, and it means you just get more time to marvel at the process that is the Waffle House.  These people are simply amazing - the way that the servers yell their orders, and more impressively the way that the cooks keep up with them.If you pay attention, you'll see that they actually set up plates to indicate the way that eggs are cooked, or what they come with (toast, etc).  But it's still very cool to watch, and you'll typically be in and out in no time.The food isn't fancy, but it's a good greasy meal for a fair price.
4	Consistency is the name of the game at the local Waffle House.  Cheap, filling, and always good first thing in the morning, it's our favorite place to crash in the mornings.Gone are the days of "cash only", as they now except most major credit and debit cards.  The staff are always quick with a "hon" or "sugar", which brings us back to the ol' southern charm we hear about often!Are you going to be served the greatest breakfast/diner meal you've ever had?  Heck no!  But you'll get what you ordered, and more than you paid for!  My "usual" is the All Star Breakfast plate; 2 your-way eggs, choice meat, choice hashbrowns or grits, toast, and a waffle.  I go for the hashbrowns smothered and covered.  all for about $6.50!  It is what it is, and I find it to be delish!  Noosh!
3	I was at this Waffle House on the way to Williamsburg, and bumped into Chad E. on the way back from the outer banks in the wee hours of the morning. If you classify the wee hours of the morning as 10am anyways.We ate our super cheap breakfast and man you sure get a lot of food for like $6 don't you? Then we left. I mean it's a waffle house, they're pretty much all the same except for the service right? I actually just felt bad because this has been bookmarked for so long and I've never actually taken the time to write something about it. The service here is very cheerful and will even take some time out of their busy cooking to chat it up a bit. How nice.
4	Great place for breakfast when staying at the Great Wolf Lodge. The resort meals are pricey. Like most waffle houses, fast and super friendly. Everyone gets greeted with a cheerful hello. Good food, fast friendly service, good prices.
4	We go to Waffle House occasionally. Waffle House's tend to be behind the times. They just began accepting credit/debit cards 1-2 years ago. They may still be cooking with lard. Kidding. The only thing I ever eat is chicken breast with two eggs and coffee. Kids love the waffles of course. This place is good for a quick breakfast although there are times when the lines get long and you end up waiting a while to be seated. Rochelle, the hostess, is great -friendly and gets people into seats as quickly as possible.
4	If you are a vegetarian, keep out.  For the rest of us, this place is great.
4	Great food and amazing service with a smile. The place is nice and clean and the food is straight up great. Nothing fancy and just perfect. Can't wait to come back soon....
5	I just love this place! Can't beat the All Star breakfast. I don't know what type of batter they use for the waffles but it's great. Every time I visit Charlotte I have to go. The service is fast and the food is cheap and greasy and I love it.I don't care that all the cooks might be on parole I still love it.
4	Not fancy, good good quickly. Great value. Good service. Good Waffle House experience.
4	You always know what you will get, tasty food quickly. There is usually a wait for a table for breakfast, but if you don't mind the counter, you should have no trouble sitting quickly. I don't eat breakfast, but my girls do, and I love their coffee.
4	Waffle House is always good, greasy, delicious artery-hardening food.  This Waffle House also does a good job at friendly and fast.  The food is always delicious.
5	Waffle House may not be the most "healthiest" option but I LOVE going there. The staff at every store is friendly, the food is freshly cooked. I love the hashbrowns and the Grits. The fact that they are open 24/7 is good for when I am out and need a quick meal. TipIF there is a storm or bad weather in the area and you have a waffle house they have a indexThe Index has three levels, based on the extent of operations and service at the restaurant following a storm:[3]Green: the restaurant is serving a full menu, indicating the restaurant has power and damage is limited.Yellow: the restaurant is serving a limited menu, indicating there may be no power or only power from a generator or food supplies may be low.Red: the restaurant is closed, indicating severe damage
