4	Simple menu moderately priced but for the price and excellent value
5	The menu is simple but the food is tasty. The wait staff are very attentive, and they treat their customers well. This place can get really crowded at lunchtime on NFL Sundays, but normally you can get your food pretty quickly.  A nice, clean place to have a good meal and good service - and it's less than a mile away for me. It doesn't get any better than that!
4	I ate here twice while out on vacation last month.  The service is always good, the food is always excellent, and the drinks are always on.The bar was always packed here too, I have to say, whether it was ten in the morning or later.  A great location.  Beautiful scenery.  Prices just about right.
4	A little smokey for my taste but over all the lodge is a good local option. The food is always good. I love the Colorado chicken wrap. I also love the huge beers and strong drinks. The staff is really nice an most are pretty easy on the eyes.
5	I never have a bad meal here & the service is the best. Ask for Jane when you are in the dining room, she rocks!
2	food not very good and the service is bad the bartender was on the phone most the time and overall the place was kinda creepy
3	I'm a local so my girlfriend and I visit often.. We enjoy the food though it's overpriced for bar food. Having served in the Marines I hate walking in and seeing fly boys in their flight suites and fatigues drinking alcohol. It's against the UCMJ and dishonors the uniform when they're getting hammered representing our nation.. I'll get over it
4	I have sat at the bar and had a couple drinks with my husband but I have also met friends for a greasy breakfast here as well (on the non-smoking side). I like that this place has 2 sides with totally different purposes...it can be family friendly or family un-friendly depending on your mood. :)I've always had great service from the bartender and waitresses. They are fast, friendly and attentive. Couldn't ask for much else!
1	I would give this place three stars, but...Top 5 reasons for one star:V) The atmosphere is sooo typical of what you can expect inside LV stand alone bars.IV) Drunk chimney women sitting next to me telling her friends that blacks are ruining the USA. (Hey! I'm right here next to you!)III) Teeny tiny pours.II) Best looking bartender left as soon as I got there.I) Permanently lost ten I.Q. points when I left.
2	The Lodge has a nice enough atmosphere with alot of seating, a non-smoking area for eating and pool tables. BUT the drinks are in tiny glasses, full to the top with ice, and the little liquid they put in has barely any alcohol. To top it off they aren't exactly cheap. Oh, and you have to ask the bartender for a refill because they are too busy chatting with other employees or eating. I've only had appetizers and they are ok, but also too expensive for what you get. Too bad they don't get their crap together... could be a really cool place.
1	This review is for the meal I had last night. I'm a local and I know the bartenders pretty well and I like the staff. The problem sometimes is it feels more like high school, if you're not in the "in" crowd you're an outsider.Anyway onto my review. The waitress took my order and she explicitly told the cook I wanted chicken, guess what I got... Steak. So then she apologized and had the cook fix the mistake.. Ok no big deal mistakes happen. But it was brought back with runny eggs and while chewing I felt a sharp pain in my mouth.. Yep a METAL SHARD!!! Presumably from the fryer. So I searched and found another in the potatoes. After all this the manager took a whopping $5 off our meal. I will come here for drinks but I'm done with the food here.. Piss poor
4	The food is pretty decent. Our waitress Deena was awesome. The only thing that gets me is the music is more hip than I expected. Country western isn't allowed, you would think otherwise given their name. Prices were.....o.k.
1	I have now been here three times, twice for dinner and once for breakfast. All three times I left disappointed and wishing I had just gone to In-N-Out.  On the most recent visit I tried the nightly special of NY strip with baked potato.  I don't expect a cut rate steak to be cooked to perfection, or even to be that good, but this was one of the worst pieces of beef I have ingested in years.  The midrare steak came out well, well, well done and was not visibly discernible as being a NY strip.  As this was a cut rate steak I kept my complaint between my wife and I, but then when I attempted to take a bite of baked potato (obviously microwaved and not baked) it was as hard as the fork.  When the server came over I tapped my fork against the potato and commented it was barely cooked.  She asked if I wanted another one (really?) and I said yes.  The next micro potato arrived after everything else had been eaten.  One would think the kitchen staff who cut the potato in half would not have served it, but alas they clearly do not care.  Out of all three trips, I don't think there was any item that was not directly out of a bag, can, mix or otherwise brought in.
1	This place is the worst,my girlfriend ordered the chopped salad and it was just a bowl of lettuce we complained and they said it would be extra for the ingredients that already should be in the salad they can't even pour an ice tea right it tasted like it was mixed w/ soda overpriced and nasty dirty food beware!!
2	Our first visit to The Lodge @ Grand Teton. There was only one waiter and she was busy. The ambiance was very nice,quite chatter not too noisy. The orange juice had an after taste that i did not care for. I had the Denver omelet which was cool upon arrival,the house fried potatoes was unevenly cooked some soft,some hard, The cheese on top of the omelet was microwaved, I ordered Whole Wheat toast and received Sourdough. The coffee was very good, i was offered a refill,but never received it. My wife ordered potatoes,Bacon,eggs (over medium) and toast, Bacon was not crispy and eggs was over easy at best. We both ordered a pre-meal glass of water which never came. We left a "we were not satisfied" tip of 3.00 only because the waitress was busy before getting some help. This was on a Wednesday morning,maybe this explains somethings.
5	This bar is my fave! Good food and draft beers. The bartenders are very attentive and it's a comfy, cozy place. Video poker is hot, I never seem to lose!
2	Both times I have been here my experiences have been less than impressive.  The bartenders are rude and the table service slow....well the bar service slow, too.  This place is definitely not in my neighborhood but I have come here to enjoy drinks with friends who live in this area.  They have told me they are not impressed either but they continue to go because it is close to their house.  I guess if it was close i would probably put up with the mediocre service.  However, i will definitely not make the trip again if i dont have to.  The atmosphere seems nice, its kind of dark and laid back.  I wish the service was more on point though.
3	Awesome place for happy hour specials. A great place to have a Fat Tire beer and enjoy a game and a visit with an old friend. Will be back
4	This is a good neighborhood bar.  Always sure to run into someone from the Centennial hood up here.  Good food and drink.  Always good service to be had.As far as additional items of mention in the Las Vegas bar/tavern scene, this place is definitely nicely designed and decorated.  It has restaurant seating for the under 21 crowd and some nice fireside lounge seating in the bar area.  And a few pool tables, which is always fun.Good spot.
3	This place is okay. Servers are often complaining about how they work so hard and get minimum wage. Food is pretty good as long as they bring out the right food. Beer selection isnt that great. Great bar setup though.
5	Love the Lodge!
3	My dad wanted hot wings and dragged me here one night with his friend. They have a completely separate area for non smokers and those underage, so I made us sit there instead of at the bar. I got the grilled cheese sandwich, pretty cheap with fries AND a side salad for around ten dollars.The side salad was HUGE, and more of a Cobb salad without meat. It had cucumbers, carrots, onions, olives, and croutons, and I got the raspberry dressing that made it oh so good.The grilled cheese wasn't great. It was made with kraft singles and regular white bread, but hey, it's a bar, I don't expect amazing food. The fries were good, and my dad liked his wings well enough.
1	Ordered a chicken fried steak and got chicken. By the time I got my food the rest of my family was done. It only takes a mistake like this to have someone not return.
3	Love the food at the Lodge, but they have one bartender I cannot stand. Yvette walked by me 5 times with an empty beer glass and didn't even ask if I wanted another.The next time I needed a beer, she was at the other end of the bar messing around on her phone.All of the other staff here are excellent, however, and their hamburgers are top notch.
5	Club and French onion soup
1	The manager interviewing potential employees has no class! Watch out because if u don't know your rights, he will abuse his power!! Asking women if they have kids? Asking women if they are single? Do you plan to have more children? No? I have heard that answer before! Who the hell do u think u are? You must have mommy issues mr manager!
2	The service was excellent. Jennifer was the server. I had the lodge breakfast with andouille sausage and coffee $12.22 without tip. The potatoes were just ok, the sausage was disappointing. I'd try someplace else for breakfast, but if you do come here, the service will be good. The food is mediocre.
3	Can't believe I haven't reviewed The Lodge yet! This is my go to bar for sports since it is right down the street from my house. The beer is always cold and the TVs are always on, and the food is pretty good too. I love coming here for football because they always have drink and food specials. My only gripe is that service is slow since they typically only have 1 bartender, 2 waitresses and a bar back on a typical day I've been here, even on Sunday afternoons when it gets busy! I love Yvette, the bartender who is usually there on Sundays (especially because she's a Cowboys fan too) but being the only bartender on a busy day makes my drink and food orders take a long long time. Another downside is that since it's a gaming bar, people smoke all day at the bar and it makes it a little uncomfortable sometimes when everyone around you is smoking nonstop. If you come here on Mondays for football, they host raffles and giveaways.
1	I was with a friend that wanted to go to the lodge and meet up with someone else. she was at the bar, but because i didnt want to drink anymore, i sat in the area woth the couches and Was treated like crap because I dosed off a little. The bartender would not leave me alone no matter how many times I told him I was waiting on someone at the bar. The last straw was him actually using a freaking bull horn. I've spent plenty of money in this bar, but now I will not spend one more dime here. I didn't like this place to begin with, but came all the time with a friend because she likes it. She confronted the bartender and he apologized to her... He never took the time to come apologize to me... I don't recommend wasting your time or money here.
5	Really enjoyed the food at The Lodge.  They have one of the best french onion soups I've ever had...  It's full of flavor and just the right amount of cheese.  I also had the Chicken Angelo which was delicious.  My wife really enjoyed the Buffalo Chicken Wrap.We'll definitely be back!
3	We went here twice in two days. The first day was amazing. Great food, great service, great prices. The second day not so much. Slow service, ok food (partially burnt), and a hair in the fries. Needless to say, we won't be going back for awhile unless I forget about that hair.
2	When I got the bill it was a lot more than I respected because they charged me $3 for a 1/4th of a cup of sub-par gravy. She never told me it would be extra and it is just over priced in general. Also the country fried steak was some very poor quality meat. Only good thing about this place was their home fries and decorations. Never going back.
3	The layout of this place is kind of different. The dining area and the lounge are separated by a glass wall, so I kind of felt like I was eating in a fish bowl.  The physical seperation made the dining area feel rather small. The service was average at best and the food was just average. The lounge looked rather attractive with pool tables, a fireplace with a seating area, a nice bar and plenty of TV's.  The digital sign out front, however, is still advertising a Christmas Party and here it is almost Valentine's Day. There are better places for food in the area, but the lounge put off a lodge vibe and was very unique. I will return to relax in the "lodge".
4	Nice bar. Great food. The waitress was on top of her game. I never had to wait for a new shot of Henessey they just kept coming
5	Love this place. We are regulars. The food is great. Best burgers around and the rib eye was awesome. My favorite is the fish and chips. The servers are friendly and very attentive.
1	Went in tonight after a big win at the casino wanting to celebrate.  The two bartenders didn't seem to care when me and my friends drinks were empty.  I was willing to drop some serious money but concidering I'm not a regular I'm guessing it doesn't matter.  I tipped the food server a 200% tip because she was the only reasonable employee in the place.  I talked to the manager Kerry and he seemed to empathize but did nothing to try to retain my business.  I don't come in every night but when I do am willing to drop at least $100 I guess they don't have to worry because $0 of my money will be spent there.  Worst customer service ever at a local bar.
3	food ok, service was good..beer was cold.pool tables were good . enjoyed the night with my son.
4	I came here last night to celebrate a friends birthday.... we order a lot of food (mostly) appetizers, my favorite was the southwest egg rolls with a nice chipotle sauce.  The waitress cassandra cute with braces was an awesome attentive waitress.... She deserved every tip she got and some. My crew can be demanding in a good way and she was right on top..... The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the drinks were watered down. tooooooo much ice. When I go out I don't expect to get drunk but a nice strong buzz is  helpful to enjoy and relax... I had 3 one night stands that taste awesome I am usually done after the 1 or 2nd drink. however it was an great atmosphere and no DRAMA.. yayyy love that dart machine first time really playing darts love it love it
1	Drinks seem very weak (watered down) hidden pool charges. .such as what do we need to do to play pool? Ask for the ball only to find out after playing several games it's a dollar a game. Ask for redbull vodka here you go. Wait this is not redbull. .. yeah we don't have redbull...WTF!
4	I was worried to come here with my family, but I am glad we tried it. The food was good. The service was excellent! The restaurant was clean with a nice atmosphere. The only drawback for me was having to walk through the lounge to help my child to the bathroom. She was bothered by the smoke. But, we enjoyed French Onion Soup! Also, their pancakes were fluffy and plenteous. Steak & Eggs for $9.99. So enjoy!
3	Love Mike and Mike.. Both excellent grave bartenders!
