5	Well my poor car had a catastrophic failure last week. While heading to work down Banksville road toward the Ft. Pitt tunnels , I suddenly realized that the engine was going faster and faster , and the car was going slower and slower.. as I eased to the shoulder of the road. it was apparent to me that My transmission had just joined the unemployment force.what a sick horrible feeling , let me tell ya.Well , after several attempts to find a friend to lend a hand , it was now time to call the dreaded tow truck. Lucky , he was able to pick me up in the heavy rush hour traffic , and suggest Atlas Transmission on West Liberty Ave.I spoke with Joe , and he said that he could fix my car in 2 or 3 days, and he even offered his discount at the car rental place 4 doors away.I was able to rent a new Chevy and get to work on time ! Sheeeewwww. What a Morning !Joe called me later that afternoon with an estimate and a description of the work needed.3 days later my car was done, on time & correct estimate. These guys did a great job , and my car runs & shifts better than new. They even repaired an antifreeze leak that I did not even know about.I would recommend Atlas Transmission with 5 Stars.Thanks Joe.This is what makes Pittsburgh GREAT !!!
5	Great experience with the team at Atlas. Very friendly, professional, and knowledgable staff. I also felt comfortable with their explanation of issues with my car and that it was an honest assessment. They completed my work within the timelines they gave me and I haven't had any issues with my car since! I would recommend Atlas to a friend/family member.
5	I cannot say enough about the service I received with these guys! I ironically enough broke down across from this place. Since I didn't know what the problem was I went in looking for help. They were quick to get up and help me out. See I've been to other shops and places like pep boys. I'll never go to those places again. These guys stopped what they were doing just to try and help me out. Literally busted out all this stuff into the middle of the road, cones and all. Out of the kindness of their hearts for this girl with the lack of car knowledge and didn't treat me like it (unlike pep boys). They kept the car overnight and had it fixed by the next day. When I went to get it I was met with smiles and friendliness. They just went above and beyond to help me out and did it with a smile. Anyone can be a mechanic but they were just so nice that I would recommend them to anyone that needs business like that!
