1	We didn't even get past the initial visit and things went haywire.  The co-owner of the business is not even responsible enough to call to notify an appointment that he's going to be 40 minutes late...after he's already 15 minutes late as it is.  Add to that a whole rescheduling debacle the day before and some tasty attitude tossed in and there you have it.  I wish I could give this business negative stars.  It's apparent to us that they don't really want to be in business, but if people are desperate enough they might eventually get it done.Gone are the days when businesses are there to serve you, now we just have to give money to irresponsible people who corner the market.
1	Contacted Acorn as I thought I was dealing with a good company. Just got my 2nd refill....wasn't sure if my gauge was working or not so I asked them to stop by and top it off. Guess what, the gauge was working and all they put in was 8.5 gallons of propane and I have a bill sitting here for $195.00. That is a $175.00 trip charge. When I called the person who answered insists beyond any additional conversation despite the fact that my husband was sitting right here and heard every word of my initial call with her and she says she told me ahead of time about the "trip charge". Well she didn't and any time someone has to go to the trouble of right fighting, it is a waste of breath to argue. Take the time to find another company. Even if she were right and she's not, who the heck is going to pay $175 for a trip charge? Seriously?
1	I saw the message that Wade posted on this review and wasn't surprised. Someone had called my house to "discuss" and I felt that the opportunities to discuss had long since passed. So make your own judgements about any company you hire to do business with and always do your homework when it comes to services that get reviews. Yes it is not uncommon for disgruntled people to write a bad review but also it is because you feel frustrated and have no other way to express yourself. CASE in point. I called Acorn and explained that my gauge read 70% and that I was not sure if it was stuck at 70% or that I was actually not using much propane. After all, propane is not my business. I just wanted to make sure that I would not run out of gas while cooking dinner. So when I expressed this to the "young lady" who answers their phones, YOU CAN BELIEVE that IF she or anyone else had said to me....THAT WILL BE $175.000 for us to come out just to check to see, I would NEVER have agreed to that. Nor would any ONE of you agree to it as it is absurd. Not only is it absurd but the very idea that they are going to have a $175.000 service charge each and every time they deliver propane gas to me, I would have never made those kind of business decisions. Any further more, when you have a person answer your phone whether it is a "hired" person or a relative or whomever....they are the voice of your company and will ultimately make and break relationships. So when I confronted "her" and told her that I would never have agreed to them coming out to "top off" my tank she accused me of being a liar and insisted that she did tell me this emphatically. OK....so you wanted to back peddle and pretend you did? I get that but don't take common sense out of the picture as I have stated above and pretend that we all ALL idiots and would agree to a $175.000 trip charge. Secondly, owners of Acorn Propane.....you should tell your phone people that everyone makes mistakes and they should probably acknowledge some sort of miscommunication ocurred and try to resolve vs. "I will just cover my butt and call her a liar and say that I did tell her about the $175.00". Bottom line is this. If every propany service company in AZ charges $175.00 trip charge, shame on you. I would go to Circle K before I would agree to that. And for anyone else who wants proof of discrepancy....I have a very small 60 gallon tank here that Acorn keeps trying to say is 120 gallons. The driver even wrote on my receipt that it was only 60 gallons. They added  8 gallons of propane for the $194.52 that they evetually refunded me but only after I called them back and asked them about the refund. Candice Hudson
5	I love me some Acorn gas! I met Mike a loooong time ago and I appreciated his honesty & willingness to satisfy customers. As a gas contractor putting in gas lines & LP tanks I need someone to refer them to for filling their tanks and the company that I was cautiously referring before Acorn just wasn't cutting the mustard! My name is everything to me and if I'm going to refer somebody they've got to be the best because all my customers will remember is me when they get that sour taste in their mouth from a poor referral. So far to date, I've helped save customers a lot of money switching over to Acorn as well as putting a smile on their face with excellent customer service from both Mike & his guys. If you have the need for propane & propane accessories (bahahaha-sorry had to do it!) this is my recommendation. Thanks Mike for always being so prompt, supplying me with high quality materials & taking care of my customers!
