5	Stopped here for lunch on wednesday ,burgers were great!  Service was also very good
5	Recently moved to Fountain Hills from Florida.  Made an effort to eat at family owned restaurants and not major chains..  We tried all the restaurants in FH but this one- from the outside it looks like a dive bar.. all the other restaurants were packed and this one was busy but we got a table. It is a beautiful local bar restaurant where locals bring families and there are 5 or 6 large screen TV's and a pool table. When we tried it a few weeks ago we though it was fabulous so we went back tonight. It was better than good,, the mushroom Swiss burger cooked med rare was perfect! Very very juicy  and the fries were great as well. I like their burger better than any others.Very good service like you are family! Open kitchen and you see them cooking your food. The dessert is delish! Don't stand on line come to Tap House and enjoy.
4	Really, really, really! The cooks here are so proud of their work -- and always strive hard to offer great food. The salads are fresh, amazing and delicious. The subs are about the best I've ever had.The menu is filled with good things to eat. This is definitely not "bar food." Friday night fish fry is great and Sunday fried chicken dinner at about $6.99 is an unbelievable deal. Check for live music and no cover charge!
5	A couple of snowbirds back in FH for the winter, love the Taphouse and so happy to see they are now serving breakfast! Friday night prime rib is back or friday night all you can eat fish & chips, both are excellent at a reasonable price. Breakfast for $3.99 is also an excellent choice, 9am to 1pm on weekends or 10:30am to 1pm on weekdays. Lots of option's, great atmosphere, friday nights get busy so plan to go early.
3	The Tap House is a great place to grab a beer with friends. It has a good vibe, the servers are friendly, there are pool tables, a juke box and Kareoke. The food at the Tap House is average. It is mostly typical bar fare. Much of the menu is fried and it tastes like fried food you can get anywhere. The rest of the menu offerings leave much to be desired.Supposedly, they have specials that are pretty good, including the Monte Cristo. People I went with usually went crazy over it.
4	First time here and we really enjoyed it, It is nicer on the inside then it looks on the outside.  The service was great, atmosphere was nice, several TVs, prices were pretty decent (bloody Mary's only $3 on Sunday, and they actually put alcohol in them)  Food was good...not great, but typical bar food.  The guys gave the burgers 7 out of 10.  We ordered extra crispy fries and they really were extra crispy!  We will definitely be back.
5	OK, They got me! I have been in the place three days in a row and each time it has gotten better. The thing I love and won't forget is the owners brought in Dogfish IPA just because I asked, customer service doesn't get better than that. Now my favorite hang out. I had the turkey ruben for lunch and it was really good and the service was top notch. Great patio and now my favorite beer!!
5	Loved The Tap House having Tommy Holloway there last night.  He is brilliant and the customers love local talent.  The best time we have ever had there.  The food was much improved, service great and we sincerely hope they will have Tommy as a regular.  Amazing!!!
