5	First of all, I just want to comment how difficult it is to find a good doctor, be it traditional or holistic. That is what makes Dr. Judy such a wonderful find, she truly is a good doctor with a background in both traditional and holistic medicine. It took us 3 years to find her, while meeting rude and uncaring doctors along the way.My husband started seeing Dr. Judy about a year ago (we received the recommendation from our Chiro) he had unexplained extreme fatigue, gi issues and depression for about the previous 3 years before that. Dr. Judy was so thorough in her investigation to get to the bottom of what was causing his problems, that she indeed did find it! That is what I have come to really appreciate about her, she truly, truly cares. That's what makes a good Doctor in my book. We had gone to another doctor before her in hopes we could find the cause of my husbands persistent GI problems. After one basic stool sample he told my husband he was fine and needed to see a psychiatrist. -_-  Not an acceptable answer. Dr. Judy has done the opposite, she has stopped at nothing to find and fix what was causing his health problems. And although in his case it has taken a full year for recovery (it turns out it there was some pretty bad stuff going on inside is body) he is definitely returning to his old self and I couldn't be happier! So good have been his results that I decided to see her as well for some female problems I have been dealing with for most of my life but have never had a doctor be able to diagnose me with anything. Thanks to Dr. Judy, I finally know what I have been dealing with (PCOS) and wow! Am I finally seeing the results I've been longing for....even my acne began to clear much faster than she told me it would and I have begun to experience increased energy and decreased monthly AF pain. For those who want to give natural medicine a try, it is totally worth it. But please keep in mind, since the cause of problems are treated, and not just symptoms, it takes a little bit longer to see the results you would like. And, yes, it's expensive. In my opinion though, I would rather invest in our health and future than be permanently sick in the long run and loose money over time on doctors and treatments that don't care or work. I love Dr. Judy's office, I love her staff and I love that she is truly an amazing and incredibly intelligent, caring Doctor. I don't regret for one minute the time, money and effort we have put in to seeing her and following her instructions. She knows her stuff, and if you really do want to improve your health, I guarantee she will give you her absolute best.
5	I absolutely adore Dr. Judy. She's thorough, thoughtful, and genuinely cares. I paid out of pocket to see her after my regular NP of sixteen years wasn't able to offer me any solutions to some of the problems that I was experiencing. Dr. Judy fixed everything I was experiencing. Even the things that I didn't think were that big of symptoms. As it would turn out, every single one of my symptoms was connected and had a fairly simple solution. She saw it all and was super kind! Just make sure you block out a few hours for your appointment. She wants to know everything and she'll work to fix it. So that will take a while!
