2	The staff was very accommodating and got us a new room when our toilet didn't work. The elevator is straight out of a horror film, and a man told me not to use one of the staircases because there was a nudist swimming pool next door (yet to be confirmed). Overall, I would say it is survivable for a night.
1	This hotel was just terrible. The room they checked us into had fixtures falling off the wall, no phone and no working light! When we complained, they put us in a room not much better. Would rather camp in the parking lot!
1	Dirtiest hotel bar none. Somehow we booked this place for a week's stay during CES, and upon arrival, we were all shocked at the conditions.Entering the hotel, many overhead lights were broken. A Bug Terminix Log binder sits in the front lobby due to the Claremont's constant battle with Bed Bugs. All bad signs pointing to go out the way you came in. We had 3 rooms. The first room was in bad shape. Bed covers were not on the bed and laid in a pile in the corner of the room. There were red stains on the bed. Drinks from previous occupants stood on the tables. Now the bathroom was the worst of it all--just nasty. The 2nd room was in better shape, and had a TV. Not all rooms have TVs. The issues with this room was that the walls were falling apart. The fridge was alive with mold. Both rooms had broken lights, so the rooms were very dark. Lastly, the bathroom was just as bad as the first room. The best part of the Claremont would be the front lobby staff. They're super nice and try to make the customer happy. Unfortunately, this was not enough for us to stay there, and we left immediately after checking in. The hotel charged us a night's stay. We left without looking back!
1	This place is a SHITHOLE! I booked a reservation online and when I got there the lady working told me she couldn't find my reservation I showed her the receipt on my phone and she got me a room but...when I got into the room the beds had "those kind" of stains all over and on the floor there was dirty ass sheets in the closet the bathroom wasn't cleaned and the icing on top was the door didn't lock and you could open it from the outside and in that part of town the fucking door should at least lock! I was pissed so I went back up front and asked the lady to put me in a different room and she completely ignored me. I was over it and just left and then I found out that the lady had double charged my card I had already paid for a room online then she charged my card again. So I went back the next day and she said I would get my full refund in the next 2 days and it's been over 2 weeks and I haven't gotten a cent of a refund so now I'm filing fraud against them! Soo my advice to everyone is DONT STAY HERE YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR! THEY SCREWED ME OVER! Please just spend your money wisely and stay somewhere else!
1	Nastiest hotel ive ever been to. I would give zero stars, but i cant. Their website shows decent pics, they dont compare at all to how it really is. Outside is dirty, inside is danky, staff is unfriendly, the room was absolutely disgusting. Filthy room, broken flooring in the batjroom, paint peeling on all tje walls, carpet lifted up in almost all sections of the room, layer of dust everywhere. Tje floor was actually uneven as if the building had broken. The bed was saggy, the sheets seemed clean, bjt i wouldnt trust that. The comforter was so old and worn and dirty, tje tjreading had come undone and it was showing the stuffing inside. Walked down tje outside stairs to go to my car, there is no exit, just stairs. Tje access door at the bottom was broken, going back upstairs none of the access key doors had any power to tjem so tjey wouldnt open. The hallways smelt as if some feces were on tje walls. Overall a regretful stay. For tje same price i stayed elsewhere tje following night and had luxury. DONT STAY AT THE CLAREMONT...
1	This doesn't deserve a 1 star. This was the shitty est hotel ever. Went on hotwire.com and of course they don't show u what ur going to get, but because it said west of strip, I thought I'd take a chance. Now, I lived in vegas for 10 years, and I never knew this shit hole existed.  It looked like a scene from a horror movie. Scenes from "HOSTEL". If your shooting a horror flick and need the footage, then this fits the bill.  otherwise you've been warned. The pictures they posted here were probably when the place opened in the 70's. I posted the actual photos from my stay last night October 2014. The ceiling was makeshift,  and boards coming out the walls with 2x4.  So if your in vegas and want the holloween experience, then this is for you. Bed bugs, roaches and walls falling apart. I didn't feel so bad later that night, because other suckers, rolled in looking as dumbfounded as me. I sat out in the lobby with my laptop, and duked it out there, until morning.
1	There are few times in life when you still feel dirty days after a hotel stay. Even hiking and camping the Grand Canyon for 2 days left me feeling less disgusting than my stay at the Claremont Hotel in Vegas did. I was looking for a cheap, no-frills hotel where I could catch some sleep before my early flight out after a week of traveling around the southwest and I got stuck with the Claremont via Hotwire. This hotel was truly the most deplorable place I have ever stayed. It was visibly dirty with dust bunnies on the ceiling, layers of dust on the furniture, cigarette burn holes in the comforter, a soap-scum covered tub that looked as if it had not been cleaned in 2014 and...bugs! The first room we were put in had ants crawling all over the floor and furniture so the very apologetic front desk attendant moved us to another room. This room was just as dirty, but without the ants. It did, however, contain the biggest roach I have ever seen, so that was nice. I have never written a yelp review before because it doesn't take much to make me happy but this place was scary! Please stay away from this place so they can take a wrecking ball to it and get rid of Vegas' biggest roach motel.
