5	See my other Yelp under Forum Shops!But DAMN - I love this store and the Forum Shops.  Wonderful experiences.
5	This store is amazing... loved it.. bought sunglasses and love them... Why do I love this store?  For one reason.. The salesgirl was super great.  Not only was she nice but she obligingly went to the back 3 different times to bring out the same style of sunglasses so that I could have the perfect brand new pair.  You see, they do not bring out a new pair until you are ready to buy and I needed the pair that fit the best and seriously 3rd times a charm.  Also, I will admit.. My head is kind of small and most sunglasses slip down my nose.. so the perfect pair was crucial to my purchase for the day...(A small head does not mean anything people stop laughing).  My cousin bought a purse and was extactic with the service as well.  Hey, when in vegas baby!!!
2	why was it that there was only two employees working the floor while the store was so busy? i don't understand. a woman walked in and bought 12 bags, to send to friends as gifts and to send over seas to family. if you ask me, that's damn generous and i can see why an employee would want to assist her immediately. however, what were the other 15+ people going to do with only 1 associate available? i'll tell you. they will pull each other's hair, step on each other's toes, talk shit to/about one another, etc. it was crazy. NO THANKS. i found a bag that i liked. but, i wasn't going to literally fight for the sales person's attention with all these other crazy people. i'm sure that i can get it the next time i make a trip out to vegas. it's really not that serious. but really, only 2 people available on the floor? that's horrible!!
5	Oh Gucci... how I love thee... and how my bank account does not...This store gets five stars because the salesman who helped me was SUPER patient. He didn't groan or make a face every time I asked him to pull another bag down so I could examine it and decide which one I wanted. He did it all with a smile, and even cracked a few jokes along the way. I know if I was him, I would have thrown a purse at me already and kicked me out the door!! They really make the sale go smoothly here, and I really appreciated it. Plus I love the pretty way they wrap up your purchases :)
5	I had a wonderful experience at this boutique regardless of how I was dressed on both days that I visited the store during spring break 2009. I was dressed as if I was heading to a gym (I don't know why I always dressed that way whenever I visited Gucci in Las Vegas). On the first day I wanted to buy a new pair of sunglasses. I actually intended to walk from the Wynn to the Bellagio, but my friends and I got tired and thirsty during the long walk, and we expressed mutual desire to just walk to the Caesars Palace instead. Once we got to Gucci, a sales associate named Christopher helped me find the perfect pair. However, he was a little forgetful as he did not give me a receipt, so I had to walk back to the store to get a reprint.On the second day of my stay in LV, I wanted to go back to this boutique to get a new sunglasses case because the one that Christopher gave me was stained and looked like it had been through World War I and World War II. A nice lady asked if I needed help as I was looking for Christopher, and I told her what I was there for. She realized that Christopher was helping another client, so she wanted to help me instead. She took a look at the sunglasses case and went to the store's secret room to bring out new ones for me to choose from. I said, "Thank you so much!" without knowing that I was to stay at the boutique for another 25 minutes.Once I got a new case, one of my friends decided to get a new pair of sunglasses for herself. While she tried on different pairs, I looked for a new wallet. I think I made it quite obvious that I was interested in buying a wallet as I examined the wallets on display repeatedly. There was a couple of sales associates available, but none of them approached me. I decided to walk to my friend who was being helped by a gentleman named Robert. He was very friendly and funny, joking that I shoulda got another pair of sunglasses the day before because there was a buy one, get one free sale event. Once he was done helping my friend pick her perfect pair, I asked him to help me find a wallet that I wanted. Robert was very cordial throughout the process, and I will definitely go back to Gucci at the Forum Shops at Caesars. I miss Las Vegas already!
5	gucci at the forum...sales people here are fabulous!!!!!jamilla is my sales lady. i love here. i will call to see if she is working and come in just to buy. made many happy purchases here... always A+ experience.... cuz they always remember my face!!! been buying here for years... this is my fav. gucci in las vegas... good selection too... they will even get what you want from online if they dont have it in the store!
5	If you are at the Forum Shops and need something Gucci....go to Paul.  Seriously.  He is the nicest and well-mannered gentleman you can possibly want to help you with all of your shopping needs.  The same goes for the entire staff - they are not at all stuck up, and playful, but know their goods to back it up.  While my gfs and I were browsing, for some reason one gf was "embarassed" that she had a Gucci bag, and they were cracking jokes how it wasn't fake and totally legit by them.  LOL, humor does go a long way. Yep...go visit Paul @ Gucci!!!
3	I get that you are a fancy store and all but it kinda bugged to be treated like I was some punk kid looky lou.  I was walking in and was first hounded by the security guard "You can't bring a drink in here!" Ok give me a break, there are better ways to communicate... so I snapped back and said fine... "Would you like to hold it while I spend money here?!" (I was a lil cranky).  He ended up being very helpful and made a space for me to set my drink down.We were helped by a really nice salesman.  He made sure we saw what we wanted.  I got irritated again though when I walked up to a display on the wall and some other employee was like "please don't touch the items, allow me to assist you".  Hey jackass... if they aren't meant to be touched then put them inside a case or behind glass or even behind a counter.  He was just kinda snotty and treated me like a loser.I gave them three stars because the actual salesman who helped us was cool and they had the bag we were looking for.  Typical Gucci attitude I guess.
3	I am a fan of Gucci and I have been for a really long time.I browsed around the store admiring the many large handbags they had on display.One of the sales associates came by and asked if he could help me out and I told him I was just looking, he said come with me and I'll show you some great bags and he did, he was very helpful and he let me hold them and try them on my shoulder all the while commenting how I could so "totally carry of that look" LOL - it made me smile!I didn't purchase anything but my experience at the store sooo made me want to whip out my CC and buy a bag or two! I didn't get his name but he was super helpful and nice ;) and the store was pretty and smelled good.
5	There have been some shoes that I have been looking for and I keep being told that they are sold out in the entire U.S. Well, after inquiring at this location, I got a call back as promised that they found the very last pair in my size and I can go ahead an order it and have it sent to my house. What impressed me about this is that, even after they told me that no store had the shoe in the size I wanted. They continued to look for the shoe for me. And I appreciate that so much. I was so happy to get the good news from them. So, definitely if you are a Gucci fan and in the area go check them out!
3	The Gucci store at the Forum Shops gets a 3 from me because they had the style of shoes I have not been able to find anywhere, but ONLY 3 because -1. The saleswoman barely spoke English, and on some kind of happy drug on her own trip.2.  They had precisely one size in the shoes I wanted (luckily, that was my size)Selections and styles were standard with other stores, but I would probably visit this store again next time in hope of ending up with another salesperson.
5	If your looking to anything from Gucci while in Vegas. I suggest you go to the on in The palace. This woman gave me superb customer service and it didnt even matter if it look like you could afford it or not. And it also didnt matter to the lady what you were buying... She made sure i was comfortable and she really took care of me. Made me feel like i had to buy something. I ended up buying a belt. I guess thats how they make their money, SUPERB CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!
4	FIrst off, I don't know why it's titled "Gucci America"... anyways. This is a nice Gucci (Caesar's Palace, I hope this is). Just nice. It's bigger than some hotel Gucci's (being downstairs, space is cramped up to make room for the other stores) and my cute Korean SA is so sweet!! I always return.
2	So...this past weekend...In Vegas for my birthday w/ 2 of my girlfriends...my gift to myself was the Gucci waist bag so we went to the Forum Shops location for the purchase. I will admit I'm a lightweight Gucci addict of various locations, so imagine to my dismay and we were not acknowledged or greeted by ANYONE in the entire store. We walked in throughout the whole store, stopping at the waist bags to check out which I would purchase, STILL NO 'HELLO', 'BE RIGHT THERE', 'LET ME KNOW IF YOU NEED SOME HELP', NOTHING. It doesn't matter the type of store, but in all my Gucci visits, this was the worst. Sure, some people come in to 'browse', but you will miss out on 'purchases' with the crappy customer service. After walking the whole store in a circle, we left and made our purchases at the Bellagio Gucci store where the Sales Supervisor Thomas was the greatest!! (Read my review on the Bellagio location). 2thumbs down at the Forum Shops location - what a Happy Birthday gift to me. :(
4	Staff always greets me so warmly whether I'm in my shorts and flip flops or decked out in my Vega$ best.Bigger selection in shoes, jewelry and bigger luggage than the Santana Row store in SJ.
5	Located among the Forum Shops at Ceasar's Palace, this is where I will make all my Gucci purchases in the future. The sales associates here are most welcoming - I must have been greeted by 10 different sales associates...and not in a pushy or sizing-you-up type of way. Every worker was engaged with customers and having fun with their job. I told my very friendly sales associate that I was just browsing, and he still continued to show me purses (and encouraged me to try them all on) and go over their different features to help aid me in finding my perfect match. This store is decked out with fine Gucci products - purses, shoes, belts, scarves, wallets and sunglasses. I went into another Gucci store the next day and the service was vastly different. No warm exchanges, no friendly smiles and no personable customer service.I'm going to buy my first Gucci bag this month and it will be at this wonderful Gucci location. Keep up the exceptional service guys!
3	Gucci store in Ceasar's Palace ok place but did have my size and limited inventory.
1	I was looking for a new fragrance and I asked a sales woman at Gucci if she would help me. Mind you... she wasn't busy and there were very few people in the entire store. Just as she began to show me the perfume I was inquiring about she was interrupted by a man who walked in and asked her a question. She completely forgot about me and left me standing there. Although I walked around to browse when she saw me again she never checked back. I'm planning to visit another store, probably Neiman Marcus to see if they have the perfume there since their service is always outstanding.
5	This Gucci is a nice one with good selection. The salesmen/women were helpful and friendly. One of the girls was very helpful and assisted us in the purchase of a tote. Great location, great customer service, and great items
5	Great gucci store, awesome staff, especially Michelle, everyone should ask for her. They take time with you to find what you're looking for.
4	Gucci This, Gucci That! I love Gucci! So this particular trip here I wasn't shopping for myself but for a loved one! Prior to the other location opening in crystals this one use to be my all time favorite! I walked in and of course was greeted by the security, very friendly! Most of the sales associates were busy but I was actually helped by the manager! Literally every associate that past spoke and that's how it SHOULD be especially when you are going to spend the kind of money that's required to be spent in order to shop in such a place as this! My overall experience was very good and I can't think of anything else that could've made it a complete 5 stars! Maybe I should've been offered some champagne but then again I wasn't spending thousands! Not sure how much you need to spend to be offered some sort of libation ;-)
