5	Domestic Landscape did a great job on my landscape conversion  and they were a pleasure to work with.  My phone calls, emails and texts were quickly answered, they showed up on time, and the owners were on site during the entire process.  Thank you for a job well done......Highly recommend
5	What a refreshing surprise. My phone calls and texts were returned promptly. My appointments were not forgotten AND my yard looks amazing. It was great to work with Bill. He took great care of me. And his prices are great. I am so happy to have finally found a landscape service that I will use over and over. GREAT customer service!
5	Great Job and Fair Price!My calls were returned. They squeezed me in so that the work could be done before my husband returned from a business trip. They worked efficiently (important when someone charges by the hour). Everything looked fabulous when they were done. We had a clean up and trim in our front, back and side yards. They even swept the leaves out of our pool.I highly recommend them for yard services. Will definitely call them again.
5	We were very pleased with the work on our yard.  It was done according to plan, efficiently and left with a beautiful front and rear yard.  Great communication ... All at a very, very fair price.  We highly recommend Bill Miler and his crew.
5	Found this company on Angie's list and read review after review with all 5 stars and happy page awards. I thought to myself, come on?! Really!? I've been here for over a year with companies that have barely touched the surface in customer service or know what's growing in my yard. I had to let go of 2 lawn services because both were not meeting our needs & simply just lazy (taking short cuts). I contacted Bill, he called me back-we set up an appt, his fees were very reasonable for major yard cleanup and was honest in telling us that we would not need full blown service every week after this massive cleanup just once a month. That next week Bill brought 3 of his best men (to include himself & father). All professional, down right hard workers, impressive in the fact that they did not take short cuts & knowing every plant/tree/shrub we have in both front/rear of our yard. Once the work was finished AND might I add they showed up on time, worked straight through, & told us to come out from time to time in making sure they were meeting our needs!! I was besides myself. Never seen the yard look so good & TOTALLY exceeded my expectations. I'm a bit OCD and usually can find flaws if not done to my likings BUT I was speechless. Actually just couldn't stop boasting about the amazing work done & how I was going to use them monthly! We found our guys & thanks to Angie's List reviews & the integrity of their work--we can enjoy our yard from month to month & year to year. Thx Bill for your honest hard work & your attention to detail in everything you do with lawn service.
5	SO...the Domestic team just left and once again my yard looks amazing.  Bill (Sr) called to let me know they were on the way over, I love that. He even walked me around and made sure everything looked good when the were finished. It is the little things that they do that really make me love doing business with them. I was trying to get my sons toys out of they yard (and the way) but they took care of it for me.  They take great care to make sure everything is exactly as it should be. After 7 years of bouncing from one horrible landscaper to the next.. I have found my guys!
5	We originally found Domestic Landscape when we moved in and saw them doing maintenance on our neighbor's yard. We asked for a card and called them a month or so later for a quote. We hired Domestic to completely redo front yard - clear away old plants, trees, and rock; install new weed barrier, rock, plants, trees, irrigation system and electrical and lighting. Domestic Landscape is the epitome of integrity, honesty, professionalism, and hard work. Bill has been so reliable and helpful since day one (when he came for a quote). He answered so many questions (some more than once) and patiently emailed us back and forth as we sorted out the details of our job. On the day of, Bill, his father, and 3 employees worked tirelessly to complete the job. In a matter of 8 hours we had a total transformation of our front yard. Bill handled last minute changes with ease and grace and he and his father were on the job site all day long. They worked quickly, efficiently and paid so much attention to detail. I feel so proud of my yard and I'm lucky to have found Domestic Landscape. I will recommend them to everyone and will use them for our backyard job when ready (as well as for yard maintenance).Make sure to call Bill for a free quote if you're looking for a landscaper. You'll be so impressed with this company! Tell them Bonnie sent you.
5	Bill, his father, son, and helpers did a fantastic landscaping job! They were very dependable and did a great job communicating. They went above and beyond and fixed every issue. Their rates are very reasonable.
5	We decided to give Domestic Landscape a call to do an estimate on our landscaping project after reading all of the glowing reviews here.  We were not disappointed.  We hired their company to remove/replace old shrubs in the front and back of our house, along with replacing all of the decorative rock in the backyard.  They also replaced the weed barriers and drip lines, amended the soil and even hedged some bushes for us.  The work was TOP NOTCH!!!  I don't typically write reviews in yelp, as a matter of fact this is my first one, but I need to spread the word.  There is no reason to call any other landscape companies from now on, Domestic Landscape is the best.It was very refreshing to have a landscape company return phone calls and emails promptly, show up early for appointments, and even call to confirm the appointments.  This has not not been something I've typically seen when working with other landscape companies.  Bill Miller and his father are very professional, courteous, honest, and are very fair on price.Thank you Domestic Landscape for the great work you did!  I highly recommend Mr. Miller and his crew.
1	I called this company to get a estimate.when I called,bill was very nice.he informed me he was going out of town and that if I didn't mind that he would call me when he got back.i was ok with that because I read all the glowing reviews.i wanted the "Best". On the 21st I did get a call( two weeks later) by someone else .i told him what I wanted,and he said" we don't do grass"!! Well,there was two weeks gone.i could've had someone out there by then,had I known.now I have to start my search all over
5	Amazing! Domestic Landscape is a first-rate operation. The estimate was right-on. The work was first-rate. I would not hesitate to recommend this family-operated company to anyone (except my many enemies ;-)...
5	I have used a couple different landscaping companies over the years and none left me with a good impression, some of them never even call you back.  Domestic landscaping is now the only landscapers I will ever use.  As the other reviews have indicated quick return call, showed up for estimate exactly as planned and the work was first rate and my house looks better than it has in years.  I had some sod done, my entire drip system upgraded and my palms trimmed.  Price is very fair and they were genuinely concerned that everything was done to my satisfaction.  Due to the great work and the time of year they are very busy and I had to wait a couple weeks as their schedule was booked, but it was very much worth the wait.  Do not hesitate to contact Domestic for your landscape needs.
5	Testimonial of Domestic Landscaping Services - First, they are top notch professional and honest.  Since they are busy, I was scheduled in, meaning a short wait would happen.  But the wait was worth it! Second, I am extremely pleased with the results.  Cleanup and debris removal with irrigation repair was accomplished in less than than 2 hours, with team of 4 working together!  Everything I asked for was completed.  Professional communication was great for me, including the texting, along with a plan b in case of rain ( recent rainy days).  Cost was very fair and reasonable, and there was no hype given the numerous questions I had about additional work later on.  Bill was honest with candor for future things I asked about.  I found doing businesses with this company very pleasurable and agreeable, that I will definately do it again!!!
5	Thank you to you other yelp reviewers for helping us find Bill with Domestic Landscaping. Bill came out and gave us an estimate on our extremely dirty and overgrown yards. The estimate was fair and reasonable. He and his team came out after a courtesy call to let us know they were on the way. He made sure we were in agreement on what he was going to be doing and then they got to work. Our yards look beautiful now! Bill and his team are "keepers" and we are definitely going to keep returning to Domestic for our yard maintenance from now on. 5 stars easy!
5	I felt a need to rebut the negative comments of a previous reviewer.  With our initial meeting, we were impressed w/Bill & his Dad's straightforward approach of experience & honesty.  Received  an email quote the same night.  Questions were answered w/o delay.  We also received 2 additional competitors quotes, including a quote that was exorbitantly high & 3 weeks late. Bill & his Crew are easy to work with.  We are very happy w/his professional work.  They are organized & worked in focused sync.  6 large garbage bags of debris were removed - altho the previous owner employed a gardener on a regular basis.  Husband is now able to maintain our yard weekly w/Bill returning here on a quarterly basis.  We paid a very fair price - but most importantly, felt secure in the efforts of Bill & his Crew.  .
5	I hired Domestic Landscape to do a small job and Bill came out that same day and because it was a small job they could do it that week.  They arrived on time and it was done quickly.  They did a fabulous job.  They cleaned up and every thing looks beautiful.  I love it.  I sent pictures to family and friends  and they all sent back " I love it" My neighbors all say the same thing.  I was very pleased by hiring Domestic Landscape.  They will be my go to Landscapers from now on.
