3	This place is like a much, MUCH better version of Bar Napoli. As in, they haven't just been fined for various health and safety breaches but they still retain that friendly, down-to-earth, authentic feel to it. Alongside all the many overpriced eateries on or around George Street, this place is a breath of fresh air.But there were a few things that niggled me when I ate in here recently. Nothing huge, but things like the fact that they cram in too many tables, so you're constantly eavesdropping on other people's conversations whether you like it or not. And when it's not busy, the fact that there are so many tables means that you're overly aware of the fact that there's hardly anyone else ther. Not really great for the atmosphere of it.Rant over, this is still a good value Italian in a really convenient location. Although it lacks some of the charm of the sister branch on Cockburn Street, it's still worth trying.
5	I just love this place. I have been going since moving to Edinburgh over three and a half years ago. I have eaten in many different (and expensive restaurants) but this one is the one I always go back to.The food is always first rate, as is the very friendly service. I'm so well looked after, I feel like family!Definitely a place to visit, to relax with friends and family.
2	Second visit to this restaurant. First visit was a little underwhelming but I was willing to give it a second chance. Wrong. They were busy enough and they have many 'regular' visitors that are being treated as family. This enthusiasm was however not reserved for our group of 9. Our table (like the first time) was crammed and our number 9 seat was squeezed at the end. Service is on a familiar basis and a little too much on the miss side an lesser on the hit side. Granted our payable drinks were served promptly, but we had request jugs of water twice before they were actually served. The starter I took was the prosciutto and melon - the melon was tough. The prosciutto was very good. Main course was Spag Carbonara - to which I added mushrooms and that was made very well and good and creamy - I really enjoyed that! Once that was finished we waited - table cleared and.. waited. Until one of our group requested a dessert menu from a flyby waiter. no no no .. we should be offered not asked for! - I ordered a banasplit (as you don't get that very often these days) in my experience a banana split is vanilla ice cream, nuts, banana and chocolate sauce. - or if you will a dame blanche with banana. Anyhow.. we were served a very colourful plate of 3 different flavoured ice-creams (vanilla, strawberry, chocolate) - some green colouring and a variety of fruits that DO NOT BELONG in a banana split. I did not ask for figs, kiwis, pineapple nor green apple. This is NOT a fruit punch cocktail. Coffee was served but no cookie or chocolates. (which we did got the first time I was there - so no consistency. In the meanwhile the place was packing up and somehow we were left, forgotten? Several times we requested the bill which eventually came. Nice of them to separate food & drinks - made the calculations easier. I have now vowed not to go there any time soon, as for the monies paid I could have had a much better experience in another establishment
