5	I have walked by this place dozens of times. Being inspired by my name, I should probably have stopped in here more often. The one time I did (to have a watch cleaned) they were quick and courteous, definitely a locally owned,  family run business.This is now in the "places named after me" list for the quest. (more details in the list - Michaels unite!)
4	Since I've only been this one time, I'll err on the side of caution and stop at 4 stars. Not that this suggests I doubt the excellent service, it's just I'm testing the waters. One of my rings developed a clean break and I was not longer able to wear it. Some people jumped to the conclusion I was filing divorce proceedings; this isn't the case. Rather, I was weighing my options of where to get the repair. As it turns out, I was enjoying a walk downtown over lunch when I came across Michael's Jewelers and decided to give it a shot. Admittedly, I didn't check out any of the jewelry on display--I was in for a repair. About a week later, I was handed back my ring--looking like it did when I first bought it--and charged only $40 for fixing two cracks. Amazing! The proprietor was exceedingly polite and I'll be returning before the holidays to get something for Mom.
5	I made my way across town to Michael's Jewelers right in downtown Phx.   Although had to pay for parking it's situated in a high traffic area with many business types.  I respect an establishment that gives a warm welcome and caters to their customers.  Got exactly what I wanted and I will go back again.
5	This is a gem of a jewelry store located in downtown Phoenix! The owners and staff are all incredibly friendly, knowledgeable and very attentive. This store has a wonderful atmosphere, a very local and family-owned type of feeling. The selection is not as big as a mall jewelry store, however, it is obvious that they know what sells, and carry only that. They have a wide selection of precious gemstones (including sapphires and tanzanite), set in earrings, pendants and rings.They also offer a good selection of wedding band sets, and in designs that are both unique and timeless. In addition to their fine jewelry they also offer costume and sterling silver jewelry as well as assorted trinkets and home decor. I came in to have a pin put back into a watch and the service I received was phenomenal! They were able to repair the watch within minutes and at very minimal cost... literally next to nothing! It is nice to see a local jewelry store going above and beyond to help their customers! This is what makes a local store so much better than a chain store, and you know that your jewelry is in good hands here. Finally, they are very low pressure. This is an ideal location to stop in for a cleaning or repair... then you can check out all of their pretty merch! Cannot recommend this jewelry store enough!
5	I trust Yelp reviews with my life and Yelp did not fail me. I took my watch here for repair after I busted it over Christmas. (I have a procrastination issue.) I left my watch for a quote on Friday and got it back on Monday. Fortunately it was an easy repair so no parts had to be ordered. Only $10! (Your results may vary.) I'm so happy and wish I hadn't waited so long to take my watch in.
1	Called to make sure they could change my watch battery. Was told to "come on in". I get there and there is no parking and I'm expected to leave my watch for a few hours. Really? There was NOTHING going on inside. Friendly...yea but my watch still doesn't work. This is why the mall gets all the business.
