1	How do you have a breakfast place not open for breakfast until 9am?
2	Today was another one of those busy Saturday mornings where I was short on time. My husband and I decided to eat at The Bagel Cafe on a whim because it was close to home. I wasn't impressed ...I was more upset than anything because the food was mediocre for the price. We paid about $23.00 for a Grilled Cheese Sandwich w/ fries, Chicken Salad Sandwich w/ Potato Salad, 1 Coke and 1 hot Chocolate. I ordered my Grilled Cheese with a tomato which they charged me 85 cents extra to add to my order. The tomato kept slipping out of the sandwich. I've had better Grilled Cheese at Jack in the Box for $1.29. Jack in the Box's bread is nice ... toasty, and buttery. My sandwich here was soggy and messy. I also get the tomato for free at Jack in the Box! I was jealous of my husband's Chicken Salad Sandwich because it looked really good. When he let me try a bite of it I found it bland. The Potato Salad was also tasteless. I hate writing bad reviews so I'll end this on a positive note...the Hot Chocolate was delicious. It tasted like it had a hint of Cinnamon in it.
3	I have been to The Bagel Cafe a few times now and I think it's A-OK!  Good option for a bite to eat when you are looking for something quicker than one of the sit-down restaurants at the Red Rock and something better than the food court.Like Ken M., I too had the Philly chicken, however my sandwich was not dripping in oil and the fries were crispy and delicious.  The staff seems friendly and everything is made to order.  I have also seen the club, the chicken fingers, and a few others.  Everything was good.  Now, let's not go crazy.  I wouldn't order EVERYTHING off the menu.  C'mon folks, its a grill next to a sports book.   I still advise making your choices wisely.  Maybe avoid the tongue or the chopped chicken liver sandwich?  I'm just saying . . . not my bag baby.  Of all the things I have ordered, I haven't had anything bad.I say when you want a quick bite (for lunch or breakfast, or even a snack) stop at The Bagel Cafe. Order smart, keep your expectations in check, and enjoy your grill food!  Then, get back to gambling!
3	I stopped here last night on the way out of Red Rock Casino and bought a few bagels to bring home.  I had one this morning - salt - my favorite.  It was very good.  The place is a bit pricey with the bagels being $1 each, but you're paying for the location and the convenience.If you were playing in the Sports Book, I could see where you might want to go here for a quick sandwich to eat while you watched the game or race.
2	Just average nothing great you can get the same food in any bar around town except bagels you can get those fresh at smiths if your hungry and have no other choice here's your place
4	I'm a New Yorker, born and raised on the likes of Rattner's in the East Village and transplanted here. There is no "great" deli food. Give me a bagel (a bagel's not a bagel unless it's a bagel. If you're from NY, you know what I'm talking about. The Bagel Cafe has BAGELS. Unfortunately, it like most others now has stepped into the non-traditional, with chocolate chip, blueberry and other flavored circles of dough which are most assuredly not bagels, but muffins. They don't count. Anyone who eats 'em out to go to Freeds and buy cupcakes.A good plain, egg, sesame everything, poppy seed and sesame seed bagel is what the Bagel Cafe has along with a variety of cream cheeses and great lox. It purveys pastrami sandwiches that are every bit as good and as large (I buy halfs) as New York -- and they all have the right amount of fat. Similary so for corned beef. Of course you can order them "lean," but what's that about. That's just fake deli meat -- After all, ya gotta die of something and my motto, one of the anyway, is that I don't want to die with a tuna sandwich in my hand.Give this place a go, a regular go -- It has great baked goods as well, fresh.
3	This bagel cafe bears no resemblance, menu or otherwise, to the other location. That said, if you want a tasty bagel in the middle of the sports book, this is a great stop. We stopped in for sustenance during our Sunday bike ride. The prices are high, the ambiance is low, and the food takes a bit longer than expected. The bagels are chewy fluffy and delicious. I had a bagel, egg, sausage, and cheddar sandwich. I think it ended up costing $6- so with my husband and 2 drinks we spent over $22. That's a bit much for counter service bagels. I'd pop back for a bagel in a pinch - but would go to the original bagel cafe for the better experience.
4	Where you can find me most sundays. But lately the service is getting SUPPPEERRR SLOOOWWW. Plus the price has gotten insane, last weekend it cost $42.00 for my bf & myself, crazy for breakfast. The french toast is extremely good and their bagels are fresh.
4	The Bagel Cafe is really under rated. Reminds me of a New York deli, everything is extremely fresh the pastries are AMAZING. Price wise could be a little cheaper but if you want a good place to chill and watch Sports all day with some great munchies this is the spot!Wish this place was outside the casino it would do really well on it's own
2	I've visited 3 times now and not extremely happy with the level of customer service. My servers always seemed as though they are in a hurry to go some where. Usually behind the partition so they can chit chat with fellow workers. They do not try to up sell or explain the menu. Just uncanny that they are always in a hurry to get to the other side of the room. I haven't be able to figure that out yet. The condiments could be wiped free of finger prints and old dried ingredients. They do however stop by occasionally to make sure you're doing ok. My meal took exceptionally long this time and the restaurant was busy at all. All of about 10-12 customers. I ordered a patty melt, which was tasteless and had enough cheese to kill a senior citizen. Cole slaw, also no flavor, however my fries we good, not hot, but good. My server stopped by to check on things and left my bill. I immediately put my cc in the holder and waited for my server to come back. Finally she returned, took the bill and cc and dropped it off to the cashier. I watched the cashier complete the transaction and place my cc and receipts directly behind her on a ledge. There it sat, and I waited for my server...and waited...and waited...never to return, honestly. I went up to the cashier and told her that was my cc and receipts behind her, and thankfully she asked me for ID to make sure. I signed and left 20% gratuity for the "ghost server" anyway. So I think I will do take out next time. Maybe corned beef, or roasted turkey sandwich.
