3	I purchased a light system at the Utah Dental Association convention for $500. I haven't heard from them and wish they would send me a tracking code. The price is right, I just wonder who else is using this light and what the customer satisfaction is like...
1	We bought these lights at the Star of the South dental meeting in Houston .  What a giant mess!  Long story short is:  Took forever to get, contained no magnetic attachments, waited forever to get attachments, decided to return items within our 45 day trial period & guess what?  They are not giving us our money back.  I have been fighting with them for a month & even have taken out a dispute with the credit card company.  He is even fighting with the credit card comany about returning our money.  The owner, Ray Nguyen, has not been an ethical business person at all and everyone should avoid at all costs.  I will also be contacting The Star of the South Dental Meeting Comittee & The Texas Dental Association.
1	We too have had problems that are yet unresolved.  I purcahsed the light at the Rocky Mountain Dental Convention in January and have been contacting them by email, phone messages and direct line to the slaes person regarding the battery not holding a charge.  I noticed a "convention special battery package" in the review referencing a California convention; that was not offered at the RMDC, so I only have the one battery.  I do not have one reply from my many attempts to contact the Snap On Optics company.  No email response or calls from Customer Support nor email or call from the sales person (Mike Dao).  I am now proceeding with contacting some of our dental conventions to let them know of the poor customer service this company provides.
1	What a terrible experience I had with Snap On Optics. If it wasn't so pathetic, it would be comical.  I ordered these "surgical loupes" at an AAOMS meeting last October..  My cc was charged $1170 within seconds, however I didn't receive them for over a month.  The very nice salespeople took all of my measurements and when they were finally delivered, they were set at way too close a distance (at least 1 foot) and impossible for me to use. I contacted the company and they sent me a FedEx label to return the product so they could fix the working length. A month later they came back and were still way off from the distance I am comfortable with.  After one use, the magnification loupe literally fell out on to the floor from its flimsy plastic lens. I spoke with the owner Dr. Ray. Nguyen who at the time seemed very nice and helpful. He apologized and sent me another fedex return label. I sent them back and they were returned without any change in the working distance. The battery life for the light is also abysmal and very annoying to turn on and off. The cord constantly dislodges from the frame. At this  point I called back Snap On Optics and told Ray I was tired of this and asked for a refund. His tone changed quickly and defensive. He refused to send me a return label because he said his Fed Ex label was broken and I would have to pay to send them back myself. I called FedEx and they said there was nothing wrong with his account. They stated he could provide me with his acct number and I could print the label myself.  When I told him this, he refused.  I asked him for a refund to my AMEX and he refused.  I never had a problem in 15 years with my high quality Designs for Vision loupes. Neither with the quality nor customer care.  So I sent the shoddy loupes back to SNAP ON AND Finally got a check for $20 less than what I paid. ($1170)They charged me $20 for delivery eventhough I paid for it myself.  Bottom line, this company produces an inferior product and the owner Ray Nguyen is not very trustworthy. Talking to him is like talking to a bobble head. I cannot recommend this company in any way, shape or form. Next time I see his company at a convention I'll do my best to make sure no one else gets scammed. Very disappointing from a "Dental Colleague". HUGE FAIL!
5	This review is for the combo TTL loupes and light combo. I just purchased this combo at the cda and was very impressed with the product and mad at myself for not getting this sooner. Can't believe it took me 7 years to finally get this.. The loupes are very clear and light weight and the light is small, bright, and light weight. I also like the touch on touch off function of the light and battery life seems longer than other companies. The price is very reasonable too and I'm glad I finally made the purchase. Can't wait to get the loupes and will update later on the product and experience. So far so good!!
5	I recently received the loupes and light about a week ago and have been using them for about a week now before writing this review. Keep in mind that these were ordered mid May at the CDA so service is definitely up to par. The loupes were point on and still light in weight and comfortable with the snap on optical light.  The light is very bright and makes dental procedures efficient, clearer, and easier on my back and I have much better posture now.Cost: definitely worth every penny considering how efficient, comfortable, and confident you will feelService: exceptional. The sales rep at the convention was very helpful and were point on with the measurements. Dr Ray Nguyen (the owner, who is also a dentist) is easily accessible and is a delight to work with and really backs up his work and products. Very helpful and accommodating. Practicing for years before he came out with this product, he knows exactly what dentists need and are looking for. Product: superb. It's light weight, clear, simplicity of usage, design, and delivery exceeded my expectations. Battery life is also great. My only regret is not getting this sooner cause I was hesitant on how heavy it was and the loupes in school that I had were heavy and gave me a headache. So glad I have these a try and don't think I can work without them anymore. Thanks again and looking forward to everything this company has to offer.
1	I hope the manager of snap on optics reads my review and the others. After a lot of thinking if my review will be worth to write or not, I have come to the conclusion that it will be a good idea, not only because I want everyone to be aware but also as a help to the company so they stop making mistakes and get more business.My story: I bought a frame for my loupes that broke in April, called snap on optics and spoke with the customer service, she was very helpful at the time and prompt to answer all of the questions I had in regards to my loupes. I was very happy to receive my order in a matter of 2days. No problem here!!Today June I noticed a charge on my bank statement for 2.42(granted it's not much) but I wanted to know why there was an extra charge. I called and spoke with the same girl, I asked why the extra charge and she said at first that she forgot to charge me for the taxes at the time of my order; then I asked why I didn't get a phone call explaining me the extra charge before charging it to my credit card, she said that her manager asked her to do the charge without consulting me first.  I told her that was not acceptable that they should have informed me of their intentions first before the charge; and then she said that the manager did the charge and she didn't know anything about it, what?!!! I told her that she should mentioned to the manager that I called upset because of the use of my credit card without a notice and that I didn't want to see another extra charge from them on my bank statement.Unfortunately I don't have the receipt of my order to verify of there was a tax charge or not. To the clients:Be aware if you buy anything from snap on optics. Make sure your taxes have been included in your orderAnd keep the receipt otherwise you will find a surprise of an extra charge. To the manager: keep in mind the reviews, they are a good way to let you know the areas that you and your staff need to work on.
5	I got a loupes and light combo from this company at CDA presents in Anaheim 2014.  I saw a lot of low star reviews with this company and was very skeptical about their product and service, but decided to try them anyways mostly due to the much lower pricing and 45 day trial return period.  The representative was very nice and answered all my questions and concerns while taking my measurements.  She told me that they recently changed their light design from the old touch style batteries to the new clicking batteries, which would give me much better shelf battery life.  The loupes I got were their black sports frame with expanded field 3.5x.  I really loved the frame for the small cut out at the top far corners, which keep the loupes from fogging up, an issue I've had with my other pair from Surgitel.  The rep told me she would throw in an adapter for the light to fit my old Surgitel loupes and that I would receive my order in about a week, which I was skeptical about as well due to previous reviews, but I figured even if they took a month it would be worth it for the $800 I was saving on the combo.  To my surprise, I got my loupes and light in 4 days!!  I was pretty shocked at the delivery speed and went to try my loupes and light.  They worked great!  Clarity was comparable to my Surgitel loupes, but had a bigger field of vision, tough I was expecting a bit more than what I got.  I got about 1.5x the field of vision over my surgitels but I was expecting more.  Still it isn't bad at all.  Working distance was perfect for me and actually had a greater range than my old loupes.  The light was the same round design as Surgitel's light, which was what I requested.  It is very bright so I mostly run it on medium settings.  At that setting I actually get over the 16 hours specified on the label.  As a test I did a full charge and ran it while working until it ran out.  I got through 3.5 working days before I need to recharge it.  I am very happy with my purchase.  If you are looking for loupes and light, I would really recommend trying this company.  I don't know what happened in the past to give them those bad reviews, but they are great now!
5	UPDATE: I had the opportunity to go to the dental hygiene convention in Las Vegas. After giving them my story and answer all of their questions, snap on optics reps were very nice, they listened and offer me an apology! I was very happy to know they actually care. As I mentioned before it was not the 2$ but the principal!! They refunded me the $2 and they sent me a free-awesome-cool red frames for my loupes. Thank you snap on optics!! You are great!!
5	i got a pair of  loupes from snap on optics.  i love them, they are light and very well designed. Ray, the owner, is so professional and helpful on the phone.  He only needs my eye prescription and my picture in order to make the loupes and i don't even have to come in his office. the loupes are amazing, i could see much better and my dental work came out excellent. i am so happy to have these loupes. also their light is bright and i could see very clearly. i would highly recommend snap on optics loupes and light  to anyone i know.  thanks so much Ray and Snap on optics.
