5	A comedic collection of hipsters and hobos, peppered with semi-pro poker players and and a hanoi-jane pissing target in the urinal.  Swing by the Stop-N-Go on the way out and grab a Sparks.  Quite real.
5	The burgers are amazing and ridiculously reasonable! The staff is friendly and attentive. The place is super clean! They do everything right at Players! Good drinks, great lunch specials and awesome service!
5	Great bar for Packer games. Free shots for touchdowns. Pot Luck on Packer sunday. Bring a dish to pass.
3	The atmosphere was great. Super sports bar. Service was excellent! As long as your not focused on the food. No credit cards either.
5	Absolutely one of my favorite bars. It's definitely got a neighborhood vibe, but it's chock full of some of the friendliest staff you'll ever meet. And can we talk about the burgers for a minute? They are wonderful. One of the best in Madison, in my opinion. There's a light, airy bun and a perfectly greasy burger with your choice of cheese and grilled or raw onions. I work nearby and it takes every chubby bone in my body to stop me from going there every day. Food is ready fast, and you'll always get a smile. Cash only, but there's an ATM. (The ATM is also super-speedy, which is odd and exciting. It's the little things).
1	Do NOT go here if you are looking for a nice 4 1/2 star place. Not very clean and very loud!
5	So I've been hearing this joint has one of the "Best" burgers in town. I'm generally reluctant to order a bar burger - they are generally frozen and then cooked to well done. Not at Players - hand pattied in view of the customer. Meat is from the Jennifer Street Market - Right around the corner. You want your burger rare - Fine... It's rare... Sha- Freaking- Zam! I think perhaps the only Burger Joint in town that is capable of cooking a burger properly to order. Sandwiches come with pub chips - you can upgrade to fries for a buck... Other stuff like onion rings for $2.  The sides are frozen and then dropped in the fryer. But you are here for the burgers - they are fresh, as is everything on them. The tomato on my burger was actually tasty. My only complaint is the burgers could use a more robust bun... But the fact that Players can properly cook a burger makes this discretion forgivable.So go to this locals joint blue collar bar - have a beer, get the drink special and order a freaking burger!
4	I love this place! I'm new to the area and being an eagles fan I have to go out for most of the games! I'm so glad I discovered this place! Everyone is super friendly and the drinks and food are great! Perfect little sports bar! This will be my little sports home for the time that I am here. Only con (not a problem for me) is it's cash only
5	Doesn't look like anything special from the outside and was a bit reluctant to go in, but I'm thrilled I did. Honestly used to go here every weekend when I lived in the area. Perry makes one of the best burgers in town. I think they said they get their meat fresh from the willy st co-op every day. So delicious. Then I'd stay and fill up on relatively cheap drinks and catch the Brewers or Bucks game. They have a ton of tv's along with pool, ping pong, and darts. Perfect place if you want some good food and a place to watch the game.
3	Typical local bar - has ping pong tables, limited bar seating, and a decent juke box. Have never had the food here - appears to be typical bar fare. Decent pricing on PBR tallboys and limited tap list.
