4	I was very happy with the veterinarian here I was just disappointed in the appointment I made. I called on the Tuesday before Thanksgiving so I could get a micro-chip put in my dogs. Well, they said come on in at around 5:15PM to get it done. I showed up only to be told that they didn't have any left and they haven't had any in a couple of days. I was a bit upset since I had been striking out finding a new vet in my new neighborhood. However, I needed my puppies booster shots anyways.I waited longer than I wanted to but, oh well, this seems to be the norm at doctors offices be it human or pet.The vet tech and the vet were both super friendly and explained everything in complete detail to me. Very sympathetic and attentive to my needs. I think the tech had told the vet my rantings of the previous vet experience I had. All in all, I am going to go back. The vet did assure me that I would be able to get the chip in both of my dogs without paying visit fees since I already paid them when I went the day they told me to. Thankfully!
1	I had a mixed experience at this Banfield, and wouldn't recommend them as your first choice for a vet due to their total lack of aftercare.My cat had (and still has) a urinary tract infection. I took him in as soon as I noticed symptoms, and was willing to do whatever it would take to make sure he gets well again. Banfield was very nearby, and they have convenient hours, open all day on the weekend.They booked my apointment, and got me in in a few hours. The visit started with them taking my cats vitals, then playing a video about their health insurance plans while I waited for the doctor. I figured what can you do (about the advertising), it was a weekend and they got me in quickly when I called after the vet that had been recommended to me didn't have openings for days.The doctor examined my cat, and came up with an expensive, but necessary treatment plan. Scans to see if there were stones or blockage (fortunately no) Bloodwork to figure out if he's got kidney problems or diabetes (fortunately no), and urinalysis to determine if there's an infection (yes, elevated white blood cells detected). They convinced me to leave him there all day so that they could collect a urine sample. I wandered why they didn't just use a catheter, but went with their recommendation. When I picked him up, the doctor was very friendly, talked to me about how to take care of my cat, and how to give him the prescribed antibiotics. She said "let us know how he's doing." A sentence that feels like a lie at this point. And I dropped over $500.On the drive home, my cat howled in pain, and when I got home I found out he had completely wet himself. When we got home he acted much sicker than when I took him in. I called them the next day and expressed my concerns about him acting sick and asked for advice about my cat not eating. The answer from the receptionist was if I'm concerned bring him back in. No consultation, no one would talk to me, just give us more money. At least that's what it felt like. The doctor wouldn't come to the phone, and the receptionist told me, and I quote, "do what you want."Later that night my cat started improving, and was back to normal within a week. But it didn't last.The morning before last the infection was back. So yesterday, I went into Banfield and told the receptionist "I'd like to talk to someone about possibly another round of antibiotics for my cat." Once again the doctor wouldn't talk to me. The girl at the front desk just went in then back, then came out and said "it's been a month, we'd have to see him again." It had been less than three weeks, but okay. I told her I'm pretty broke, and she just sat there with an infuriating leave me alone look on her face. I walked in wanting to talk about treatment options and looking for advice to decide what I could afford, and left so upset and frustrated with the situation that I'll never give Banfield my business again.
1	I scheduled a surgery for my dog to have some cysts removed. I was very worried as she is up there in age...to the point where I had to take work off. We arrived at the facility ahead of our appointment time. Nobody greated us or signed us in for over a half hour. Finally, once someone was at the desk, they said they have been trying to call me to reschedule as the vet in that day was a sub and not capable of performing the surgery. My phone was in my purse on silent as to be polite. I had called everyday that week prior basically to comfort my nerves and to find out what I should expect. Brittany is who I spoke with every time. She was nice but could provide no information. She said she would have the vet call me to answer my questions which never happened. I had no idea about cost. Will my pet be able to come home with me that day? Do you need bloodwork, etc? She said I would find all that out that day of the surgery. Unacceptable! Finally I get in with the vet. What a piece of work!!! She would not even touch my dog. Said her skin is disgusting and she smells. What vet in the world speaks about a pet as if it were an object? And to not even touch my dog??? Unreal!!! I will not be returning to ANY Banfield...EVER!!! Very sad considering I have been a customer for 10+ years. Guess your faculity is only good for vaccines. ABSOLUTELY nothing major. Oh and one last thing: the vet actually told me my dog would die on the table due to her heart murmur. I have since been to a REAL vet who confirmed this is not even true.
2	Since my dog was a puppy, I took him here periodically for his shots and other services covered under the wellness plan. I had him on the wellness plan for about two years. The veterinary assistants were very friendly. They would try to upsell additional services not covered on the wellness plan, but would leave me alone after I would decline them. The vets, however, can be really pushy. So much that I would dread having to talk to them during every visit. I would give in sometimes just to get out of there. One vet kept on hammering me about getting my dog heart worm medication (it's preventative. My dog doesn't have heart worms, but I did give in and buy them before). I told him no thanks. He then started to guilt trip me about how my dog could die because I didn't want to pay fifty dollars for some pills. He stressed how important these pills are for my dogs survival. I then countered with "Well, if these pills are so important why aren't they included in the wellness plan like his rabies shots, deworming, etc.?" He then shut up. Incidents like this would happen during every visit. Two different vets told me I needed to get my dog anti tartar solution to put in his water. He's a young dog and has healthy teeth! He gets his teeth brushed at the groomers! There is one Vet there who isn't a high pressure car salesman. Dr. Rice was the only vet I liked. He was very thorough and friendly. He even checked my dog's spine. No other vet did that. He told me I should get some ear cleaning solution. I asked him if the cheaper stuff on the shelves is just as good as the prescribed expensive stuff and he was honest with me. Dr. Rice was great and genuinely seemed to care. Sadly, he only saw my dog once and the receptionist said I could not request a specific vet for my visits. So, I ended my wellness plan and never returned. I don't like feeling like I'm walking onto a used car lot when I go to get my pet his check up. No thanks, Banfield.
1	I took my cat  to this hospital because he developed sudden symptoms that required that I see a Vet ASAP! The Vet determined that he was constipated after a pricey X-ray and told me to give him Miralax. The next day found my cat not eating and still not using the litter box. I went to the same Vet and she gave my cat an enema and sent me home with two pages of reading on Megacolon. By this time I had spent around five hundred dollars. This Vet was going to Canada for the holidays and told me if I had any more problems with my cat that one of the other Vet's would see him. She also wanted me to make a future appointment to discuss keeping my cat on laxatives for the rest of his life.  My cat was getting progressively sicker so I called on the Friday after Thanksgiving to try and see another Vet and was told that there was nothing else they could do for my cat and to take him to an emergency pet hospital.  Really, I had spent a lot of money for nothing.I found a Cat clinic in Scottsdale that saw my cat that day. The Vet could tell on examination that my cat had an anal sac infection without the X-rays because Banfield would not send them to her. My Vet took care of the problem and sent me home with some medication and two weeks later you would not know that my cat had been sick! I will never go to a Banfield Pet Hospital again! The Vet never even called to see how my cat was doing!  A very expensive lesson to learn!
