4	One of my favorite "Mom and Daughter" businesses. I'm a big tea person; I buy it here in bulk by the pound and get a discount. They have a great selection of teas, herbs, essential oils. They will keep your special formula recipes on file. Great service, great advice. One of the owners is a Clinical Herbalist. Lots of parking in front.
5	Was feeling rough this morning and figured I would head over to the herbalist to see what they might be able to help me with. Vicky was very helpful in recommending a few things and took her time to diagnose my condition and give me something appropriate. Its only been a few hours since I started taking what she gave me and I already feel miles better.
5	Great relaxing place for herbs, a massage, or any other holistic treatment!
5	esert Sage is quickly becoming one of my favorite places. I like that it's mother/daughter owned. I am very adimant about supporting local small businesses. I went in looking for essential oils to burn in my home, and not really sure what else. She helped me choose oil and recommended different uses for it such as burning, putting on pulse points, adding in lotions and sprays, etc. Then I talked about my back pain and she recommended a roll-on balm that feels amazing, instantaneous relief!! They also have Spry, an all natural gum that contains Xylitol instead of Aspertame. I will definitely recommend Desert Sage to everyone I know!
5	I love stopping by this secluded spot. Quiet, relaxing and their employees are always helpful. I'm there when I am under the weather and need their assistance with any herbal medicine, from food/digestive enzymes to milk thistle for my liver. This place is great and they even offer therapy, massages, etc. Never a disappointment.
1	I stopped by this store based on the reviews and the fact that I live in the east valley. The directions listed on the website were good and I found it quite easily.  End of the good part - when I entered the store there were two people working and neither one bothered to say hello, welcome, get out - nothing!  A few minutes later I did find what I was looking for and then one of the employees walked over and asked if I needed help.  Told her I already found what I was interested in but wanted to see the rest of the store.  It is a small place, with jars of teas and herbs so it really didn't take me too long.  I was a bit put off by the sign "God and the angels are watching you and so are we" (can't remember if it was angels or spirits) not only once but again in the second part of the store along with a few mirrors.  This struck me as a little strange as this is a holistic center and the clientele that would frequent this type of store do not need to be reminded that the employees here look at you like you are going to steal something from them. Asked a few questions about their products and felt like I was bothering them and when I was ready to check out with my purchase, I had to ask someone to ring my purchase up so I could leave.  One employee was free and one was with a customer but I still had to wait.  At this point, I know I should have left the purchase on the counter and left but I did wait to be rung up and paid in full.  I do have to take some blame for this experience for 1) believing the reviews and ) my fault for not driving to my place of choice - Chakra4 Herbs.  I will not make this mistake again.
4	My wife has a massage room on site here and I always enjoy the lovely smells that come from this shop. The family owned business has been around since we've been here (9 years) and they are always super friendly to me. I Know I have a unique perspective because of my wife's story, but they are always nice and seem to have the store under control, not to mention they love what they do there !
5	I wanted to find roobios tea but didn't want the hassle of the place in the mall that tries to sell you all the tea in China so I went to Desert Sage Herbs.  I will certainly be going back.  They had the tea I was looking for and a few I wasn't looking for but bought any way (no pressure from anyone except my inner tea lover).  The teas all smelled fresh and I left without a hit to the wallet.  I was amazed how inexpensive the teas were.  I am stocked in Oolong but will return to Desert Sage when my supply runs low.  They carried lots or other interesting looking things but I was kinda in a hurry.
1	I walked into this establishment today with high hopes and lots of expectations as it came highly recommended by people that have used teas from this place before. I walked it not knowing exactly who worked there and not being greeted. After about 15 min or of looking around the tea area I asked who I guessed was one of the workers of the place " do you work here" to have a reply of " yes but I have three people in front of you " ... with that I said I would go. I left... I guess it was too busy for just a little bit of customer service. Best Advice..customer service will go a looooooooong way.
5	Love this place and the staff! They are very knowledgeable when it comes to their products!
5	Very clean, well organized, friendly staff. Lots of fun supplies, knowledgeable, accurate. Essential oils are great quality, great prices. The store has much to offer, and there is much potential here I haven't even tapped yet.
5	My daughter and I took their all day herbal class in October.  This was a great class.  Brittany and Vicki are both so knowledgable.  We both learned a lot and are having a great time making the lotions, cough syrups, creams, muscle oils, lip balm, etc that we learned to make.  The store is so well organized and well stocked.  I am looking forward to taking more classes there.
