5	Fast, friendly service. Clean establishment and tasty goods.
5	I am addicted to this place. Awesome smoothies, friendly staff, and clean, welcoming environment. Love the decor. Opens early enough for me to do a quick stop by b4 work. And the service is pretty fast so i won't be late. =]
1	Went in, ordered a wrap. Stood at the counter 15 minutes, all other customers served. Asked "is the BBQ wrap coming out soon?" Response: "I hope so." I asked if she could please check, the guy in back says "I already made it". She looks bewildered, finally I say "did you give it to someone else?" Yep, she did. Still standing there, no one doing anything. I say "can you make another one?" guy in back - "already made it." Me: "just give me my money back.Gives me my money back without tax OR apology.Too fed up to argue, I just left. So I paid them for bad service and no food. Advice to management, train staff on customer service.I am sure the food is good, train your staff to be the same.
5	Smoothies are really tasty and they have breakfast sandwiches also!
1	Don't get me wrong, I love tropical smoothie. But this location is getting 1 star for customer service. Wish it could be less. As a business owner myself, customers are the most important thing because without them you have no one to service and no business to run. I was having dinner next door at Off The Strip and needed some juice for my 1 year old daughter. I ran next door to tropical smoothie at 8:45pm. They close at 9:00pm. I was not greeted at all by the employer mopping the floor. No biggie as I figured the other employee at the back could be the register person. After 3 minutes another customer came in and the mopper came over to the register. Never acknowledged me. Looked right passed me to the other customer. He had money out and I realized he ha left to get money to pay for his order. Again not a big deal. After he was done, she again never said a word to me, just starred. I asked for juice by itself. Finally, she speaks!! "the juice is all put away for the night, we close soon." I asked, " you close at 9, right?""uh huh"I looked at my watch, looked at her.  Again. Just a blank stare. I left the store and went to the bar a few doors down and was given a glass of cranberry juice for free. What if I had wanted to order a smoothie? No sale at all in the last 15-20 minutes?That is great customer service. Top notch.
4	My favorite go to post gym smoothie fix, fills my gut and cools me down.  Same as valley wide chain company but the staff here is always very polite, nice and upbeat.  Iris always greets me with a smile and a positive attitude, even when slammed with a long line, kids, and phone orderes!   Staff and customer service always makes a difference!  Give them a raise!
4	Clean, fast, friendly, and delicious!
3	I keep coming here because I love the Wraps & Smoothies but goodness does the speed of service suck! It's a good thing the food is so yummy.
1	This is the worst location in Vegas. They always screw up my order, the staff is rude, and the owner actually TRIES to get in arguments with you about his Multi-level marketing business. The owner is a douche and his staff is just as bad.
1	I really don't want to give this place any stars... This is the slowest and rudest place in town. I was so disgusted by the rude service that I asked to speak to the manager and sadly enough she responded that she was the manager..  I will never never go to this location again..
2	so so smoothies, a little bit pricey
3	Good service. Same tasting smoothies as all the others. If you go after the gym at fitness 19 in the same plaza, you get 10 or 15% off.   I'm not a big fan of their food, but a majority of the time, stop by after the gym.
1	Rude rude rude staff. The smoothies taste like its water down. The employees are miserable and don't wanna be there. At least try being fake. Good heavens, I drive all the way to Jamba Juice 10 miles from home cuz tropical smoothie sucks in southern highlands!!!
3	I want to give this place a good review, but its so tough when they are continually understaffed. I've never been here once when it took less than 3 minutes to get my order put in. It usually takes another 5-10 minutes to get a smoothie and half a sandwich too. If they could get this down to 3-4 minutes for a full order they would be 5-stars for sure.
2	Convent because it's so close to home. That's about the only thing going for it. Never see more than 2 people (usually 1)Last week I got the at 850 (they close at 9) and the girl told me they were closing!
5	I absolutely love Tropical Smoothie! I prefer it to Jamba Juice simply because it's a much smaller chain, so the ingredients are more focused and usually sit for less time because of the turn over. This location in particular had a nice outdoor patio, which is a huge plus in the summer!
2	Stopped by after volleyball practice on a 95 degree evening to find one employee working. While it wasn't super busy, the poor lady was working her tail off to finish making orders so she could ring in new orders.. Poor thing was alone to run the show and she said she would be for the next hour n half. She was kind and friendly and still managed to do it all. Yeah, service was slow but I couldn't complain because she was working hard. She deserves a 5 star but this review will reflect that no smoothie place should have one employee like that and let alone not on a 95 degree May evening.
1	One of the worst customer service experience i had. I would rather drive miles next time i crave for a smoothie than being served by unhappy employee. I really regret coming to this place.
4	It's friendly here  but they're always short staff . So if they get slam on weekends , you'll be waiting forever. Fun fact: you can get a junior breakfast burrito for $1.99 and your smoothie is only $2.99 which is the same price as regular price smoothie...loop hole anyone?
2	Normally fast and friendly, but now slow and grumpy.  I just waited nearly 15 minutes for my sandwich, which came with the wrong side...and my smoothie (ordered at the same time as my meal) still isn't ready.
1	Never coming back here again. I can tolerate bad customer service, but what I can't is being unsanitary in the kitchen. I literally watched one of the workers drop a knife and put it back on the cutting board and continue making whatever she was making. The owner really needs to teach his employees something about sanitation. Although I think it's common sense to not use a knife that just touched a dirty floor, I guess others think otherwise......
