5	Finally, a decent frozen yogurt spot in the Burgh! This place beats the other two offerings in Shadyside and Oakland hands down! Six flavors, self serve, fresh delicious fruit (and other) toppings, and it's reasonably priced! I really enjoyed the taro and original flavors (both tart) with kiwi, mango, and strawberries on top.
4	After disappointing ventures to other recently opened froyo offerings in Pittsburgh, I had not held out much hope for this one, but I was pleasantly surprised.This place is self-serve: you decide which of the 6 flavors you'd like; you decide how much yogurt you want; you add the toppings yourself (there were 12 fruit bins and 12 dried bins); and then you pay by weight. On the day I visited, the 6 available flavors are: cookies and cream, red velvet cake, plain, vanilla, cheese cake, and taro. I got the cheese cake and taro mix at the recommendation of a customer who claimed to have visited this store every day since it opened.  The flavor was pretty good, but I would have liked a bit more tartness. I topped mine with strawberries and mango chunks. The fruit seemed to have been steeped in a simple syrup, so they are pretty sweet.They don't show the pricing in an obvious place, but according to that "regular" customer I met, it's about $0.39 per ounce. Mine came out to be about $4.25 (I got a BIG cup and I like lots of toppings!). This pricing is *much* better than the Sweet Berry in Oakland.The little store space is cheerful and clean looking. The cashier is friendly. All in all, a happy experience.
4	Razzy Fresh has pretty good froyo by pgh standards (but then again, Sweet Berry and Karmic Yogurt are pretty darn mediocre at best).  They do self-serve yogurt working a 12 flavor rotation with 6 flavors daily.  If you're familiar with the froyo chain Yogurtland on the west coast, it's pretty similar.When you go to Razzy Fresh it's definitely all about their toppings though.  Their yogurt isn't spectacular, but it's good enough.  Toppings include the usual suspects when it comes to fruit (strawberry, mango, kiwi) but they also have BLACKBERRIES!  They also have assorted cereals, various cookie crumbs, and chewy mochi.  I also like honey on my froyo, so next time I might ask the owner/suggest having a squeeze bottle of honey at the toppings bar as well.They have a $5 minimum for credit cards, but because they do end up being on the pricier side for froyo @ $.41 per ounce, hitting that minimum is a piece of cake.In a froyo saturated market Razzy Fresh might not stand out, but in pgh it's easily the place to be if you're in the mood for froyo.
4	It's nice to see a new business open in Squirrel Hill after several others have closed up shop.  There are already plenty of places that sell frozen desserts in the neighborhood, but I won't complain about having yet another option.I agree with r. h. that the yogurt could be more tart.  I've tried the original flavor, taro, banana, triple chocolate, cookies n' cream, and the Alpine mint.  For a fruity, "healthier" combo, I recommend the original with a little bit of banana and taro to spice things up.  I like that they have mochi, and since I'm a big fan of fruit with my froyo, I'm happy to see that they have a pretty good fruit selection.  But if you're in the mood for chocolate, I recommend getting some with the Alpine mint, if they have it.  Chocolate + mint = bliss.Expect to spend around between 4 and 5 dollars for a cup if you fill it up, which isn't too shabby.  The seating area is nice enough but small.
4	This place is tiny.  Don't expect to eat in often.  There's only 6 flavors available and that's really the only issue with this place.  The fruit and dried toppings were good.  I played it safe with Passion Fruit and loved it.  Throw some kiwi, strawberries, pineapple, and gummi bears, I was set.  I'd give this place another shot for another star.  Hopefully they'll change their flavors up often.
5	Razzy Fresh is probably one of the best froyo places in pittsburgh.  For the same price that you would pay at the other froyo places sweetberry and karmic, you can get a load of more toppings, as well as different flavors.  They have 6 flavors every day, and the flavors rotate daily. The best part about it is that its self serve, so you can get as much or as little as you want, and whatever you want.
4	So you have your choice of frozen yogurt and topping and then you pay by weight at the end. I really enjoyed the selection of fresh fruit. I piled on the mangos, kiwi and raspberries. There's a five dollar minimum on credit card purchases, and I personally thought it was kind of pricey, but I would definitely eat there again.
5	self-serve soft-serve-like frozen yogurt with a DIY toppings bar: fresh fruit, cereal, goodies...$0.41/oz, their paper cups are ~12 oz, mine came out to be $5, which was a huge portion that I shared with someoneI had the original yogurt, slightly tangy, perfect to my likingmango, kiwi, and mochi toppings, very fresh and QQFINALLY reasonably priced Asian-style frozen yogurt that I can customize!Love it!  Way better than those pinkberry and red mango, overpriced, and look-a-like franchisesand you gotta love the diversity of people who come in from the 2-year-old Chinese baby boy to 90-year-old white grandpaOnly in my beloved home Pittsburgh ;DThanks James Chen for bringing your entrepreneurial spirit  to Pittsburgh!
4	Super duper into this place. You only have to get as much or as little as you want. The raspberry, pomegranate, and the honeydew are all great!They have amazing toppings as well. Love all the yummy fruit!Wish they always had certain flavors though!
3	Compared to frozen yogurt places in other cities, Razzy Fresh's $0.41/oz price is pretty reasonable. The self-serve always feels like a bit of a scolding--nothing more humiliating than having someone weigh your greed on a scale. My main gripe with my visit here was with the freshness of the fruit in the toppings bar: it didn't seem fresh at all, and tasted soft and tart in a way that suggested some, er, aging. Otherwise, a par-for-the-course froyo joint.
4	Six yogurt flavors, tons of toppings: mango, blueberries, kiwi, raspberry, strawberry, pineapple (they manage to keep the fruit bins full even when they're extremely busy) and etc. I usually go for original flavor with tons of fruit mixed in. Today I tried raspberry and it has replaced the original as #1, now I want to try raspberry+honeydew, it's probably the best combo there is. Chocolate wasn't too great. They seem to be open late, at least until 11pm and have a $5 minimum on cards.
4	I love the selection of yogurt flavors, mix & match, get 1, or try them all. The topping options are expansive - get whatever you want and as much as you want.The self-serve is ingenious - if you don't enjoy it, you have no one to blame but yourself.
5	Great self serve frozen yogurt! Six flavors to choose from at a time that rotate on a weekly basis (peanut butter is my fave!). Tons of fresh fruit toppings plus peanut butter cups, oreos, mochi balls and even Capt n Crunch. Cost is $.41/ounce which typically runs $3.50-$5 a cup depending on your appetite. That is really the best feature of this place--you can add as much or as little of everything as you want. The place is not much more than a storefront, so mostly I just get it to go; definitely not a place to hang out. Don't forget to ask for a punch card--free 8oz. after 9 purchases (for some reason they don't have them out on the counter and won't offer if you don't ask?!). Oh and there's an internet coupon for 15% off!
5	God's gift to Pittsburgh! Absolutely amazing, very similar to the yogurt joints more common on the west coast. Tons of fresh fruit and 'sweet' toppings. Six flavors to choose from which are rotated. My personal favorites are Taro and Mango, both tart. My friend loves the cake batter and triple chocolate. This is perhaps one of the best things, that happened to Pittsburgh, right on the same par as the Steelers and the Pens!
5	Razzy Fresh is a cute little store. We went to beat today's 90 degree heat. I filled up my cup with cookies and cream, praline and cream, and double chocolate yogurt and added oreo bits, nuts, strawberries, and sprinkles. I love love love the self-serve format...you can add as much or as little of whatever you want. They have real, fresh fruit which is a plus, and some unusual toppings like Fruity Pebbles and Cap'n Crunch. At $.41 an ounce, I paid about $3.50 for a pretty large cup of frozen yogurt, so it's definitely a good value. Frozen yogurt is also a lot lighter than ice cream, so it didn't leave me feeling all ill like a Like It-size Cold Stone creation would.They should nix the tip jar though...I mean, the workers aren't actually DOING anything...
5	What a great business.   They are raking it in.  3 steps - get a cup, choose your frozen yogurt, add toppings (lots of fresh fruit and regular old candy).   the fourth step that they forgot is paying, but it is surprising cheap unless you are
5	Oh.  Delicious.This was one of my only frozen yogurt experiences, and my first in Pittsburgh!  Places with names like "SwirlBerry" and "FrozYo" seem to be everywhere in large cities, but I've hardly ever gone since there wasn't one in my neighba-hood.  Until now.One hot summer eve, I wanted to go out and get some air, and some yogurt.  Fortunately, Razzy Fresh is about a 3-minute walk from my apartment (I know, who's the luckiest?)  So here at Razzy Fresh, you serve yourself.  They have....I wanna say 6 flavors of frozen yogurt to choose from, and they tell you which ones are nonfat, and which are especially tart.  Apparently the flavors change often - I remember "original," "raspberry," and "taro" when I was there.  Taro was too tart for me, but original was perfect.Then you step over to the mix-ins area, and help yourself to toppings!  They have a lot rich, sweet, bad-for-you toppings like peanut butter cups, oreo bits, chocolate chips, sprinkles (which I got!  lerv) and then a bunch of fresh fruit (kiwi, raspberries, blueberries, mango, strawberries, maybe even something else) which is what I mostly put on my yogurt.  Fruit and sprinkles.  Nom.At 41 cents per oz, my very sizeable portion was about $3.80.  I thought it was a steal!  I can't wait to go back on the next hot day, because my yogurt was delicious and absolutely will hit the spot every time.
3	I understand that given the tiny space of the property, they could only fit 6 flavors in.  Having said that, however, with Tutti Frutti opening up in the near future along Forbes just one block away, these people better have a way of differentiating themselves from the rest of the froyo stores.  Not saying that tutti frutti has better tasting yogurt, but they're going to have  a lot more froyo flavor choices and toppings.  The froyo here is just slightly too creamy for my taste, but the price is reasonable.Also, they don't offer it to you, but on the back of their business card they do offer a rewards program!  Buy 9 yogurts (of 4 oz. each), get 1 free (up to 8 oz.)! As for now, razzy fresh is the best of what pittsburgh has to offer in the asian froyo business (to my knowledge), and given it's relatively prime location in squirrel hill, they definitely will be staying for the time being.
1	0 stars if I could. If you list an email address, make sure you check it and respond to your consumers. Completely unprofessional otherwise.
4	Good Fro-yo. The shop does not have enough seating though.
4	I love this place. Not as good as my favorite, Tutti Frutti, but worth it if you're looking for great froyo at a fair price in Oakland. It's self serve, with a plethora of options to top your yogurt creation. The decor is pleasant and it seems to be well-maintained.Unlike other froyo options in Oakland that rhyme with "Meat Cherry", you're charged based on the volume of your yogurt and toppings, rather than the size of the cup/amount of toppings/number of chocolate chips/etc. That means more froyo for your buck, and who will argue with that?There's a wide variety of permanent options like Taro, Mango and Original Tart, plus seasonal varieties like egg nog and pumpkin pie (don't knock it before you try it!).It's also more spacious than the location on Forbes Avenue, so this is the place you'd want to go if you're with more than one other person.
5	They added, more flavors!!! Taro, plum, mango...NY cheesecake, and pumpkin!
5	I've been waiting for a place like this to open up since freshman year!! (For reference, I am now a senior, kind of, graduated early.)Anyway, sample the flavor before you commit. Not every one is for everyone. Ask for a sample cup, you won't regret doing this.That being said, personal favorites are Honeydew (best Honeydew I've had to date even compared to places in Cali. The flavor itself is rare too.) and Mango.Side note: The green tea was nasty (way too tart, not enough green tea flavor). If you're like me and looking for an almost too bitter matcha heavy green tea experience, this isn't the place to get it. Hence, the sampling step.Despite that, a ton of fruit topping choices and mochi is available as well. All I need to be happy. Makes stressful semesters a little more bearable.Bonus: Before this place became uber popular, I had a pleasant conversation with the owners. Definitely a nice mom and pop place to support, though they probably don't need help spreading the word at this point!
5	Update for the green tea flavor: It's all good. The first visit was a fluke since the machine was still freezing up the yogurt... Updated list of favorites: honeydew, mango, and green tea.Taro, original, and anything marked "tart" are all right too.
5	For a cold, snowy-rainy Sunday night, darn this place was crowded! We stopped in last night to find they had added additional yogurt machines, so there were 8 or 9 flavors available at once. I filled up my cup and added tons of Oreo crumbs, nuts, sprinkles, and chocolate syrup. Me and my husband's total came to under $9. The same stuff at Cold Stone would have been like $15 at least, considering each topping is an additional charge!My only small gripe is that the toppings station is always kind of messy, because they are so close together there are often crumbs of other toppings mixed into the wrong bins, and all the toppings are not labeled. They should especially be labeling the products with nuts in them. They also had a can of whipped cream just sitting on the counter, which should be sitting in ice or otherwise chilled, so I just didn't use any of that.But all in all, the price is right and this place is great.
5	Razzy Fresh frozen yogurt is like crack. My first experience with frozen yogurt was in Sarasota, FL and the experience was less than sub par. I figured I'd give the bright interior of Razzy Fresh a shot simply because it's so eye catching.Lemon frozen yogurt, diced mango, diced strawberries, and a sprinkle of Fruity Pebbles. No, you wont find this on Salt of the Earth's menu but man, is it the most delicious dessert I've ever eaten.I can't vouch for the healthiness of frozen yogurt, or the Fruity Pebbles I'm throwing on top of it, but it has to be better than some of the other stuff I've been known to throw into my mouth after a meal.Razzy Fresh is also incredibly clean. It's usually manned by one employee who does all the prep work and the cashiering. As I sit at the table, chowing down on my yogurt, I can't help but notice how much effort they put into keeping the toppings area clean and organized. I really appreciate what they're doing and as a graphic designer, love the branding they've come up with.
4	Razzy Fresh has been on Murray Avenue for almost a year and has done nothing but fulfill my froyo lust.  Here in beachless Pittsburgh, we have only recently discovered this delightful frozen fare.Initially, the flavors were limited, but recently Razzy Fresh added more machines introducing us to more flavors. My personal favorites are tart, taro, and raspberry. The toppings include sweets (cheesecake cubes? yes plz), fruits (even kiwi!), and mochi (delightful Asian gummies!)On a semi-nice day, it can get busy. The line moves quick and seating is limited. However, as long as it is not too cold or rainy, a stroll around Forbes is always nice. Another added bonus is that you can get as little or as much as you want. So, portion control can be undertaken. I have yet to try Tutti Fruitti, the rival froyo shop around the corner, but for now I'm reppin' Razzy Fresh.
4	Oh, how I love Razzy Fresh!  I love any fro-yo place, really, but a couple things set RF apart:-The tart flavors are labeled, so you won't end up with an unsweetened yogurt you aren't expecting.  Also, if you have any doubts, ask for a free sample cup or two at the register.-Great selection of toppings: the fruit is always fresh and they have TWO flavors of mochi.-Nice and bright on the inside--it can cheer me up on the gloomiest Pittsburgh day.Don't come here in the evening expecting to sit and chat a while--they have maybe three tiny tables inside that are ALWAYS overcrowded.  Minus a star for that, otherwise, perfect.
4	Eee, a full cup of froyo with lots of toppings and it costs less than $5??? Seriously, if I loaded my cup like that in DC, it'd cost around $8-9. Love this place - great froyo, great selection of toppings, and AWESOME prices.
2	I had high hopes for Razzy Fresh, having eaten a fair amount of frozen yogurt at huge, suburban Texas frozen yogurt shops.  Unfortunately, Razzy Fresh failed to live up to most of those expectations.The yogurt was tasty in general but lacked a sort of "punch" I expect -- the taro root yogurt wasn't screaming, "I'M MADE OF BIG, PURPLE TARO ROOT GUTS", and the arctic vanilla didn't make me feel like I was standing in a blizzard on an ice floe.  The yogurt also came out of the dispensers quickly and seemed a bit thin.  Razzy Fresh's toppings were somewhat lackluster, both in quantity and quality, and the blackberries clearly hadn't been cleaned (one I took had either leaf or bug bits on it -- I threw it out quickly).On top of all that, the price was a bit high.  My girlfriend and I had two small size cups and paid somewhere in the $11-$14 range for the pleasure, whereas we're more accustomed to paying about $7-$10 for the same amount of yogurt and toppings elsewhere.Overall, I was pretty disappointed with my experience at Razzy Fresh today.  It hit the spot because it was warm and humid outside, but in the future, I think I'll seek out alternative frozen yogurt shops for my warm weather refreshment needs.
2	It's good, but the topping selection, decoration, and service is better at Tutti Frutti a half block up the street.  I'd go there instead any day.
3	UNIQUE FLAVORS - REFRESHING TREATWent with hubby and baby - had mango, raspberry, honeydew and taro root - screw conventional go honeydew and taro route! Very tasty and refreshing. Tart is tart - not disgusting sugary crap taste! Guiltless treat!
4	Being that I come from the Land of Fro-Yo, aka Cali, I have a high standard for quality yogurt. We do have fro-yo shops on every block (or two haha)..OK, but really, we do have a lot. Even with that fact set aside, Razzy Fresh is good yogurt, period. P.S. It's much better than Tutti Frutti that is just about a block east on Forbes. Details...Negatives:-Atmosphere: The interior could definitely be cleaner and house more seating for my rating to improve. I tend not to get toppings for the reason that the toppings counter is always dirty at self-serve fro-yo places. This place is no exception. Each time I've been in, it's dirty (not to mention that toppings intersperse, which is nasty in itself). Hence, I avoid toppings. -Pricing: You're looking at at least $4 for a decent serving. This is about the market price, but it's a bit high for just a yogurt. -Customer service: They are very slow at the cash register. They also seem to have difficulty simply printing receipts.Positives:-Quality of yogurt and taste: With that said, the flavors I've tried are quite good. The original tart is good. Not the best I've ever had (Yogurtagogo in Sacramento, CA reserves that spot), but certainly good, which means I'll be coming back while I'm here. The Irish mint is also great. -Location: Definitely a prime and accessible location both from within Squirrel Hill and in surrounding areas. Check it out!
4	Still a great place for fro-yo. HOWEVER, the totally warm can of whipped cream they sit on their counter REALLY skeeves me out. We were sitting at a table inside and I saw a guy put like 5 inches of the stuff on top of his cup, and I nearly ran outside shouting "NOOOOOO!!!!!!!!" but I restrained myself. Where's the health department when you need them?Also I really wish they sold some drinks...I'm usually dying for some water by the time I leave.
4	I browsed a couple reviews that were saying the price was high. Compared to Simply Yogurt in South Park and Pinkberry on the West Coast, they are by far the most reasonable. I got 2 flavors of frozen yogurt and a lot of toppings for 5-6 dollars. The people working were friendly, and it was a fun environment. It's definitely worth checking out! The Original had a unique tartness to it, but it was still sweet. Red Velvet Cake was amazing :D.
5	Holy crap this is awesome!12 or so types of frozen yogurt with about 50 different topping?  Are you kidding?  This place is probably responsible for me gaining five pounds over the last five weeks or so.  I can't quite tell exactly why I can't get enough of it...Pretty fresh for the most part.  Every time I come in there is something being swapped out.
4	We're getting on that time of year folks. You know, when the days are still warm but the nights are getting cooler. Where'd the summer go? Well there's still time to take a walk with your loved one and get a nice cool treat. Razzy Fresh is yet another one of those places that are right in the neighborhood that I'd just never gotten around to reviewing. Razzy Fresh has got some amazing frozen yogurts and toppings. And not just plain vanilla either--they've got honeydew, passion fruit, mango, lychee, etc. As for fresh fruit toppings, they've got mango, kiwi, pineapple, etc. And for dry toppings they've got Fruity Pebbles, Reeses, M&Ms. Rice Krispies, and white chocolate to name a few. So I went a little bold this time. I tried the lychee yogurt topped with raspberries and white chocolate. Yum!
4	Things I really like:Places that do just one thing but do it very well.Self-serve.Real frozen yogurt that actually tastes like yogurt.Razzy fresh combines these three virtues. The yogurt is delicious (I'm partial to the original and raspberry), as are the toppings (fresh berries, mango, kiwi, etc.). At about $0.50 an ounce it's a bit pricey (I can rarely keep my portion under 8 oz.), but worth it considering the quality.
4	I'm in love with Razzy Fresh.  DH & I frequently stop by after dinner since it's just a few blocks down from our house.  The froyo is delicious and they always have different flavors on rotation.  They even have two machines that will mix the flavors at the machine for you, which is a nice perk.  They have almost every topping you can think of including expensive fruits like mango & kiwi which is always fresh and yummy.  At least the fruit makes me feel like it's a healthy treat.  The service is great, and I love their frequent buyer card.  After 8 purchases you get one for free.  If you are in the Squirrel Hill area which is chock full of frozen dessert businesses, this is definitely one of the best bets, enjoy!
5	yoghurt here is not as good as say, pinkberry, but i love the DIY and topping bar concept. while price is about average, it is comparable to the two other froyo places in pittsburgh. grab and go!
5	The ONLY place we go when craving something sweet.  Pistachio = winning.
5	Oh Razzy Fresh, you dazzle me once again! I come longing for a refreshing yogurt and leave a happy lady...Today my flavor of choice was mint (a new addition from last season?) and vanilla. I realized I had just made my own frozen yogurt Shamrock Shake and this revelation. Is life changing! Toss in a couple chocolate chips and chocolate drizzle and it was perfection. At $2 and some change I didn't even feel like a glutton (the scale has topped out at 13oz before;). This location is WAY smaller than North Oakland's so if you want to meet your friends for a frozen fete, meet at that one. I think I elbowed some teenagers out of the way for my helping of the good stuff. Tis the season for frozen yogurt... See you soon snazzy razzy!
4	Love the Taro and Original. Just wish they had a larger indoor seating area.
5	GREAT place to grab frozen yogurt and great concept of being able to mix and match YOUR choice flavors and YOUR choice of toppings.  You choose your own combination of yogurt flavors (banana, mango, taro, raspberry, etc...), your own mix of fresh fruit (mango, blueberries, strawberries, etc...), candy (M&M's, Reese's, gummy bears, brownie bites, etc...), or your favorite dry toppings (granola, oreos, nuts, coconut, etc...), and then pay based on weight.  There are also different syrups you can choose from (caramel, chocolate, peanut butter,etc..).   The taro flavor is great!
4	Razzy my Razzy!  Time for another end-of-summer review.  Yes I know I've been here a few times this summer, but it's been a hectic one and I've taken a little break from Yelping!Anyway, much like my review last year, the days and nights are cooling off a little bit and there's still a little time left to take a walk for some yummy treats with your significant other.  So how 'bout some original flavor topped with pineapple and white chocolate?  Yum!
4	I will start by saying I am in no way a frozen yogurt snob and have never been to a place that only served frozen yogurt before. That being said it was a pleasant experience. They have multiple options of flavors some being sweet some being tart. The flow rate/how frozen the yogurt is varies from machine to machine. One will just pour out the yogurt only barely frozen and the next will be much slower more frozen. They have a pretty good selection of both candies and fruits to put with the yogurt. It is completely customize-able and each person can put however much of each topping they want. Most of the fruit was fresh, but the raspberries had been frozen. They do have a reward program so that if you buy 9 4oz or bigger yogurts you can get 1 10oz yogurt free.
5	Very good. After seeing so many people walking down Forbes with Razzy cups, I had to give it a try. I didn't think I liked frozen yogurt because I don't really like regular yogurt, but this was good. I tried the cake batter flavor and I'm hooked without the guilt. Very straight forward service, clean and friendly Asian guy with a big smile. I'm sure I will return before the week ends.
5	Pretty good.  They have a lot of flavors.  All these yogurt places are good, and taste the same to me, but this one has more flavors than some of the other brands, so if I have a choice, I'll go here first.
5	Awesome flavors yummy frozen yoghurt! Resisting the urge of waffles from Waffallonia, I made my way to Razzy Fresh. I have to say they have the best variety of flavors with seasonal options (I have tried Red Mango, Pinkberry, Berryline, Berrywild in other states and Yo Place at Ross Park Mall, so a fair comparison). The mainstays are Alpine Vanilla (my personal favorite), Chocolate, Strawberry, Taro, Original, Cookies & Cream and Mango, while the seasonal options include Banana, Honeydew, Pear, Watermelon and a few more.They have two cup options, medium and large at $0.41/oz and moderate topping options - sprinkles, gummies, yogurt chips, brownie bites and fresh fruits (yes not frozen) - strawberries, mango, kiwi, grapes (maybe 1 or 2 more). It is self serve - which is awesome as you can choose how much you want)The place is small with some outdoor chairs during the summer. Parking is on the street. Don't forget to get your frequent yoghurt card (every 9 punches gets you a free yoghurt cup up to a certain weight).
4	These yogurt places are all the same to me. You get your flavor/s and load up on toppings and they charge you based on how greedy you are, aka by weight. Razzy Fresh does have a pretty awesome selection of fresh fruits and such for your yogurt which I feel is what other Yogurt places don't have as much of. Now I'm a fat kid so that's not a big pull for me I would rather have the candy and cake bits for mine but I can see how that would be an advantage for others.
4	What can go wrong with frozen yogurt!? A lot. But Razzy Fresh has always been good to me. I love that they constanly change the flavors that they offer and the toppings are always fresh and in stock. Love it!
4	Froyo after spicy meals.  It always happens.  No matter what.  It is inevitable.  Like gravity, I cannot fight it.  It is my destiny.  Coincidentally for me, this froyo joint sits close to several Sichuan style Chinese restaurants.   The froyo gods have delivered.Food (8.5/10) = Taro froyo.  I love Taro root, but I have never seen Taro flavored froyo before.  Creamy.  Tart.  Calms the fire that coats my gastrointestinal tract from the spicy Chinese food.    Add kiwi, strawberry, blueberry, and mochi toppings, and you just gained +20 EXP, taking you one step closer to being a pro at life.  They have other flavors, but I don't know what they are.  Taro is all that matters now.  Ambiance (8.0/10) = clean, but tiny.  Service (x/10) = not applicable here.  Pump the froyo you want, and throw in whatever toppings you want.Overall opinion = Taro...w00t w00t.
5	OPEN LATE, til 11pm right now! Great options as they change. Pay by the weight a bowl full of goodies is about$4. Lots of unique and fresh toppings.
4	This one is so teeny tiny comparing to the one in Oakland, but still filled with the same awesomeness! It has all my favorite flavors and toppings. TARO yogurt and CHEESECAKE CUBES! I'm a huge fan of frozen yogurt and a devoted Razzy Fresh customer. Definitely recommend this place for those seeking a refreshing sweet treat.
1	Rude staff.Not sure if this is the scenario with all the staff members or just with the one i happen to encounter.  So i basically went to razyfresh on murray avenue. By mistake, i tried to get yogurt from a machine which was not working (i still dont know where was the sign indicating the same). Anyways, simplest of the procedure should have been that the staff should just tell me that the machine is not working and may be point me to the ones that were working. But, instead he asked me very rudely that what re you doing and told me that cant you see the sign that machine is not working (that too when i already said sorry to him quite nicely and again i still do not know where the sign was :)).I feel its quite a bad behavior on their part and customers should not be treated like this.P.S: I came out without buying anything.
4	They always have a great variety of flavors and toppings. The toppings are more fresh than other frozen yogurt places I've been to.  I only gave the place 4 stars because sometimes it smells like raw sewage in there.
4	Razzy Fresh is dependable FroYo.  The owner here is really nice, and there are usually eight or so flavors.  I really enjoy the raspberry.  The store is very small so the topping station isn't huge, but it's still respectable!  If you are looking to sit down and hang out, this store is a bit small for that.  The tables are a bit in the way of things, but eat your Froyo outside on a nice day!I BELIEVE it is $.41/ounce.
