5	I took the pole dance aerobics class last night, and man am i feeling it today! everyone there was really welcoming and had great advice for me, as ive never tried this kind of thing before. it's tucked away, and at first i had no clue where it was, but its worth the search! had a blast, got a great work out, and felt great afterwards, im definitely going back for more!!!
4	My BFF arranged for some girlfriends and I to take a class prior to the evening that was my Bachelorette Party - I gotta say that it was a blast!  Very memorable!!... memorable because apparently we all have a little sex-kitten-walk hidden in us... memorable because strapping on some 6" heels and straddling a pole brings out the inner-skank in us.  In short, whatever it evokes in you, know that *something will* be evoked!  This is the chance for you to be in a private atmosphere (it was just a few of us girls and one instructor girl and plenty of poles) and learn some sexy moves that I'd honestly say have lots of 'perks' to their use.The facility is a bit hidden on this strip-mall.. enter in and don't expect to be overwhelmed with modernness and sexiness: it's an older building with a check-in counter and a class room setting in the back with an iPod speaker and plenty of poles and mirrors and class-lighting.  Make sure you get the clean pole ;)  What stands out is the instructors, their friendliness and the entertainment you are about to have.The shoe selection was kinda tossed around and some of them looked beat-up and after grabbing a sexy 6" red pair (with good size straps), we all tip-toed over to the back room.  Class was long enough for us to all practice and then do solos to some Gaga (which, btw, don't let your MOH video! - major blackmail!).  They had catalogs of these totally hot, sexy shoes (not for walking the mall, but for walking the pole) in case you were wanting to take home a 'starter-kit'.Like Hillary P. says: awesome workout, increased awareness of the way I move, and a happy husband (AND wife!).. need I say more??
5	this place is so awesome, was a student before, and loved it so much I started teaching chair dancing classes! Come join us....and everyone is welcome. I understand the fear of not knowing what to expect, but once you get here, you wont regret it :)
4	Loved the pole fit class and look forward to taking the pole dance aerobic class. The staff were very friendly and social able.  The studio was not much to look at, but it maybe because they just move to a new area. I can't wait to tell more friends about my experience at Pink Fitness.
4	I love coming to Pink. The atmosphere is so comfortable and all of the instructors are down to earth, strong, confident women and they make everyone feel welcome. I've done several of the classes but the pole aerobics is my favorite. It's a killer workout and it's so fun. The studio just recently moved and they are still getting settled but it doesn't take away from the point of the visit; getting your booty kicked (and popped )
