5	I love this place. When I moved to this side of town from Summerlin I was bummed to have to drive so far to get my favorite pizza and now it's right down the street. I have been going to this family run pizzeria for 7 years and I have never had a bad pizza. And their calamari is bomb! I love Rocco's it's da real deal!
5	So happy that they added this location.  Now I can eat there when I am close to home and when I am driving around the southwest side of town.  Great food and great service!  The owners have a wonderful family and we are happy to support them.  Pizza for my daughter and I and Isabella sandwich with fresh mozzarella for my husband.
5	I think I'm a little bit obsessed w this place - everything we've tried so far has been huge, cheap and delish. It's our new go to place for italian food, or hot and cold sandwiches (the 6" is a lot bigger than you'd expect). The Brooklyn is a big pile of assorted quality meats and provolone on fresh crunchy bread that won't cut the roof of your mouth - get it w everything! We're also determined to try a bunch of their entrees while they have their opening special of $10.99 for all entrees. It's a significant discount off huge portions of quality food. We've had to wait about 30 min a couple times but seems like they do everything to order (heard them pounding the veal flat today) and its worth the wait. If time's an issue, just call your order in ahead of time. The veal sorrentino is my fav so far, veal marsala was least and even that wasn't bad, I've just had better.Haven't tried their pizza by the slice yet, or calzones but both look good. They've had zeppoles w powdered sugar (Italian donuts) out for samples every time we've gone so far - be sure to try one, and you'll be addicted. It's $5 for a bag of about 30. Or you could also check out the tres leches cake at the Drago sisters bakery next door for dessert
4	Finally I made it to Rocco's, I've heard so many good things but I've never had the desire to drive all the way to Summerlin to give it a try, now that they took over Eddie D's spot it's way close to my hood. Stopped in for a quick slice of pizza, I tried the cheese and the white pizza. I'm normally not a white pizza lover but I was pleasantly surprised, I liked it. I loved the cheese pizza. Crust was a perfect NY style, thin, cripsy and had the perfect "fold" the pizza wasn't greasy at all. My only gripe is, I love dipping my crust in ranch  dressing, and they only carry Ken's salad dressing packs, yuck. Why in a place like this do they not make their own ranch dressing? Only reason I'm knocking a star off. Lots of other treats to try, they sell Wise brand potato chips, which I love. They advertise all their entrees are $10. Pizelles and lots of other desserts. My only concern is they advertise "da real deal" Hoboken, NJ cookies, but they're kept in the same deli case as the meat & cheese. I don't want a meat flavored cookie.
4	Finally a friendly, clean and comfy enviorment with awesome pizza. Pricing is decant and there's hardly a wait for your food. I would reccomend this joint to anyone.
3	Hate to say it, but this place just lost my business tonight! I called in a takeout order. Dude on the phone was a straight jerk. I told him my name but let him know I was having my brother pick it up for me... He quickly replied, "You don't need to tell me all that, I just need YOUR name." For some reason, that really turned me off. Maybe it was the way he rudely said that, but anyway... This place does not compare to its location up in Summerlin.Pizza ended up bein' pretty good, but damn, the attitude has to go!
5	Found them on Yelp after a long day of moving & its right down the road from.our new apartmemt . Best pizza place we have been too since moving to Vegas !! & the fella here are so welcoming !! We shared a whole pizza and oh I fell in love with the crust haha We for sure will be back & this time dessert is on my check out list :)
4	Been here quite a few times now. Service is always good, as is the food. Prices are pretty decent. I believe all their dinner entrees are about 10 bucks. Pizzas are cheap. If you just want slices, they have a special deal for two slices of cheese and a fountain drink. I can't eat at this place without ordering at least one rice ball. It's so delicious ! Especially with their marinara sauce, so be sure to ask for a little extra sauce with it. I've yet to try anything besides their pizza and rice ball, but that's ok. Those two items are good enough to keep me coming back. Eventually, I'd like to try one of their pasta dishes, but I love sausage pizza way too much.
4	Honestly, it's not the best Pizza/Italian food place ever, BUT it's really really good. The service both times has been really good and we found out that this is one of the only 2 "true" Rocco's as they sold two of the 4. Pizza, really good if you like thin crust. Chicken Picata was pretty good, lots of sauce, so if you don't like your chicken swimming in lemon caper sauce, you may want to ask them for light sauce. My wife was a little dissapointed with the amount of seafood in her Fra Diavolo, but said it was good. The garlic cheese bread was REALLY good nut the best thing on the menu are the Zeppoles (fried dough). They have samples at the register but don't let those cold ones fool you! Fresh out of the oven, these are incredible. Personally the cinnamon are a little better than the powdered sugar, but you can split the order if you want. Gotta get em once! All in all, good service and good food is a little hard to fond unless you are paying a lot of money, so definitely recommend!
4	Made an order here on Super Bowl Sunday at around 2 pm and asked it be ready by 3:10 pm, and they were spot on with the timing. I arrived at 3 pm and my pizza was in the oven and my wings were being fried up. The wings were mediocre and there weren't many options for sauces - but yea it's a pizza place and not a wing place.The pizza itself was quite tasty. I had them put on roasted garlic, pepperoni, prosciutto, and artichokes, which turned out really great. Additionally, the crust nice and crispy. There were also some pretty good garlic knots, as well as this really tasty rice ball, which contained rice, a couple cheeses, and was deep fried. That might have been the stand out item I had there.It's likely that we will try this place again, as it certainly beats delivery pizza (though I am a sucker for pan pizza).
4	Really good pizza! It was not greasy and it was so delicious.
4	I am a white sauce pizza fanatic.  If they offer it, I order it 99% of the time.Rocco's version is pretty solid!  It has lots of cheese and goodies on the thin NY style crust pizza.  The large is about 16in of goodness, so not quite fold-able slices, but very good.We ordered half sausage, half pepp, and I really liked how they used longer thin slices of sausage vs chunks of meat.  Adds a nice presentation with great flavor.  The meat was a little oily, but I actually prefer it that way personally.  Check out the pic :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roccos-ny-pizza-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#7erMZxODKrhoGnkCWINQqAToo bad they don't do delivery...but I am never on this side of town anyways lol.It was a great pizza at a decent price.  Not the best in town, but if I was in the neighborhood, it would be a spot I'd frequent.
2	There pizza was just okay. They took a really long time when me and my husband went in for just two slices. First impressions can be lasting and mines wasn't good I probably wont go back.
3	This pizza isn't bad, a little greasy but that's the price of being tasty I guess. Haven't tried the pasta yet but I will have to try this place again when it's not near the closing hour, prices are competitive too.
4	Pizza was great, service was quick and attentive.  No question that we would go back again!
3	I decided too mix up my pie instead of my normal Grimaldi. I pass this place all the time felt like time too give new place a shot. First impression was screams new york new york with its decor all around and talk about long island or new york accent. Everyone there must be from new york or close by feel like in the city.I was thinking about going with fellow yelpers the white sauce pizza but more of pepperoni and red sauce guy. So order large pie with pepperoni and also order of caesar salad all too go. The wait was not that long because the place was for the most part empty works well for me! The caesar salad was average at best nothing special about it. The dressing felt like could have used more garlic and anchovies plus more dressing tossed in it. Too be fair I like my salad with decent amount of dressing not drowning but enough all the greens are covered or well tossed in it. The pizza again felt like it was nothing special but ok. The crusts on the end ok, like the thin style pizza and bottom of the pie was perfect, the red sauce was good, and pepperoni was good. They do offer LOT of different special student specials, 2 cheese slice pizza with soda ($4.99), or large 16' cheese pizza for ($9.99). All day long believe. They have nice display for their desserts. Overall just felt like everything was just ok. IT doesn't mean I would never go back because do like fact they sell pizza by the slice unlike Grimaldi. But in the end still nothing SPECIAL about the pizza here and without doubt not in the same ballpark as Grimaldi. Then again I never tried the white pizza most talked about so maybe then change my mind.
4	So this was the first time I tried this place for a take out White Pizza order. I'd been to NY a few weeks earlier and couldn't stop thinking about the white pizza I had while I was there. Well, my man asked me one night if I was up to try a new place and so of course we decided to Yelp it. Not 3 miles away was Rocco's. I was super skeptical given my recent "authentic" experience but boy am I glad I stepped outside my comfort zone because their white pizza was EXACTLY the same style O had been craving!!! White cheese and dollops of ricotta spotted over it. We got half of it with sausage for my man and he enjoyed it immensely. You know the white pizza is really good when you ignore the sausage side completely! Haha. Sooooo good. His side had shavings of Italian sausage, which crisped up... interesting and tasty. He also sprinkled on some garlic powder and a bit of seasoned salt, which I didn't need at all on my side.  While it would be hard pressed to expect a perfect NY pie in the middle of the desert, this was asap good it gets for a close approximate of my ideal for a NY white pizza and it's 5 minutes away from me. Definitely can't complain :-)
4	I ordered the combo: 2 cheese slices and a soda for $5, not a bad price and the slices are huge! The sauce & cheese was very good - the only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars was because the crust wasn't crispy enough all the way through the slice to the end, towards the middle my pizza started falling apart and I hate that. But overall a very tasty pizza.
3	The pizza is good, probably better than most places in the area, but it's not 4 or 5 star pizza.  I have been here a few times and will be back again, mainly because it's convenient and better than most other choices in the area at this price point.  I think what holds it back from the next level is that I am a fan of sausage pizza and their sausage is not very flavorful and I always feel like there should be more cheese (even when I order extra cheese).All that being said, they have a lot more on their menu than pizza and it does look very good.   I have ordered their Chicken Champagne in the past and thought it was very good.   I have also picked up a loaf of french bread before and it is about as good as would hope.  Bottom line:  If you work or live in the area, it's worth checking out, you may even like it better than I did, but don't expect to have the best pizza you have ever eaten.
2	Soggy crust, sloppy pizza, bland sauce Seems they're more worried about pumping out pizzas than quality. Also, we waited inside for 10 minutes for our pick-up order because the guy working there didn't realize out pizzas were already done and sitting on the counter.
4	Excellent!! A bit far from me but will return when up in the summerlin area.  We had a regular slice, a square slice and the tomato mozzarella salad.  All were great! My daughter loved the pizza ( regular slice) and she is really picky about pizza since we moved out here from NY.  I will return again and think this place is worth trying out and reasonably priced.
3	I consider myself a pizza expert. I loved pizza as a child and even used to work at a pizzeria back in college. My favorite style pizza is a high quality New York style pizza so I was supper excited that a NY Pizzeria had opened up a few stores down from my favorite Dry Cleaners. The staff was awesome. The lady at the register was helpful when I explained it was my first time here and told her what I needed. A Hawaiian pizza (not on the menu, normally a good thing for me but the GF likes them) and a combo with extra cheese for me.The crust was just above average. It was definitely thin crust yet wasn't chewy or crispy and had a great smoky flavor. Not sure how they accomplished that but I thought it saved my pie. Really the only redeeming quality was that the crust had that good smokey flavor.The bad was the ingredients. The Hawaiian pizza had what seemed like a single piece of lunch meat ham sliced up and maybe 1.5 rings of pineapple spread across a large pizza. I know they did their best to make me a Hawaiian but it fell horribly short. My GF took a bite spit it out and said this is horrible. I didn't have that problem with my pie. It had plenty of toppings and good flavor. In fact the crust couldn't hold up to the weight of them all. My/our only complaint with this pie was that it was greasy. A little is OK and expected but a white paper towel really shouldn't come away brown and saturated with grease.They sell pizza by the slice so I may stop in to grab one when I drop off my Dry Cleaning but other than that I will be going to another pizza joint for my pizza needs. Just remembered they sell bottle water and the label claims is drawn from the east river. It was hot and I was thirsty but if that was drawn from the east river I may just have to bring a large water jug the next time I visit NY so I could fill it up and bring it home.
5	Had the chicken parm sandwich. Awesome to say the least, nice crust on the bread and plenty of chicken and cheese in the middle. Originally from NY this made me feel like i was back home
2	Been getting their menu in the mail and been looking for a good, local pizza joint. I love pizza, that and a beer is one of my favorite meals. I called in an order for pick up and it was ready in the time they gave me, I think 25 minutes.The pizza is overall.... Ok? I ordered pepperoni and extra cheese and the amount of cheese seemed a little less than "extra." The pepperoni and everything tasted pretty good. I especially like the crust, it's on the thinner side but not too thin and was really tasty. Although I know pizza isn't an especially healthy choice, this one was rather greasy, which was a big turn off to my boyfriend. Also it really falls apart the further into the slice I got, eventually completely coming apart from the fat crust at the end. Between the grease and fall-apart quality this makes for a messy pizza experience.Overall I have mixed feelings. It definitely wasn't bad pizza but not great either. My boyfriend also ordered a calzone and thought it was "boring." Gonna keep looking for a good local pizza joint.
1	No. Or rather, Fuck no.Our experience was by far the worst I have ever had, anywhere. Let's start with once you enter: There are no signs to indicate whether you should seat yourself, or order first, or what the hell ever you are suppose to do. And employees are the least helpful human beings on earth. They stare at you while you look around obviously lost as to what to do.So we sat down by a wall of pizza boxes, and found a menu left there by previous customers. We decided on the special, a 16inch cheese pie for 9.99$. Nice right? Fuck no. With 2$ per drink and a time of ten minutes for the pie we waited. And waited. And then the unthinkable happens. A group of three kids and an adult drop the rest of their pizza on the ground. How the hell that happened, I do not know, but the end result was three left over pieces on the ground.Two minutes later these fuckers get OUR FUCKING PIZZA. The employee says, "Oh that' ok, we will get you another." Yeah, another person's fucking pizza they have been waiting for! Ar you FUCKING KIDDING ME!? Oh and no explaination when we get one HALF AN HOUR AFTER ORDERING! Ten minutes my ass.Whatever, you may say, why freak out? I am freaking out because when I asked for a to go box, I was given a USED one! IT HAD GREASE MARKS AND CRUMBS IN IT! So my friend threw it on the table next to us, grabbed a clean one from the tower behind me, and we left.This place is a complete and utter mess, not to mention the pizza was less than good and even ended up getting me sick. Never again.
1	Ew. ew ew ew ew ew . Ew.I was going to leave it at that, but I guess I'll explain you a thing and tell you why you should avoid this place like it carries the plague.One. Explosive diarrhea.Two. Cockroach.Three. Table with rowdy children dropped their entire pan of pizza on the floor. Our pizza that was suppose to take 10 minutes took 25 cause the dude gave that table our pizza and just remade another one for us. Uh, excuse you, our order was in first before your undisciplined fuck-trophies mopped the floor with the cheese pie and we shouldn't be forced to wait longer or have our order skipped cause someone can't control their kids.Four. Dirty To-Go Box. Swear to god. It had grease on the inside of the lid and the wax paper had black crap all over it. I got up and got a new box myself.First time trying this place, and I'll never return.
2	We walked in and the guy behind the counter was...not rude but not friendly either. We decided want we wanted to order and as we got our soda from the fountain machine I noticed some ants roaming around. We sat ourselves down and I noticed that most of the tables had not been wiped down, parmesan cheese and crust crumbs were left as a warning that we chose to ignore. We ordered a small (14 inch) pizza, half pepperoni and sausage and the other half with some peppers and 2 other toppings and our two sodas and the total was $23 and some change. I'm sorry but it was such a waste of money. That pizza was bland, greasy, soulless.... As I was eating it my friend pointed out that I had grease running down the length of my arm. The only reason we finished the pizza is because we didn't want to waste our money.
4	Rocco's has great pizza and the best lunch special with 2 cheese pizza slices and a drink for $5.  The staff is friendly and the service is always fast. You can purchase dough, sauces, meats, cheese, and deserts if you wanna create your own Rocco's Pizza at home or order delivery.
2	The smells are wonderful.  Cannot wait to taste!  The employees are not to friendly at first. They seemed impatient when were we trying to decide on what to order.  Hope the food is outstanding to make up for the employees.Well sorry to say the pizza was old. We ordered a pepper and egg sandwhich and that was good.
1	Shake my head, the service was awful.  I wasn't expecting an over the top greeting.  I was expecting the typical NY attitude,  "What can I get you today?".  Instead we heard, "What do you want?" with this miserable look on his face with the worst attitude. :[  I guess I shouldn't of assumed anything great for service.I thought for the price of the pizza, the fact it's NY style pizza this would be a hit out of the ball park. WRONG!  I was very disappointed with the overall taste and consistency of the pizza sauce. It was BLAND, WATERY, and not what I expected since I lived in New England 22 years and never had a problem with screwing up pizza.    I ordered a Philly steak with prov and it was YOU GUESSED IT, WRONG.  It was was gross looking, never mind the taste.  The pizza had more flavor but not by much.  Overall very upset how much we spent, and the quality of food was piss poor.  I know better than to butt heads with people that don't care about their job so I ate it and left pissed off and disappointed as usual.I guess the next time I'm on the east coast I will remember to fill up on the Quahogs and NY STYLE PIZZA.
5	Grabbing some amazing NY style pizza! They always make me feel like I am home. Great lunch deals! Amazing people! Tasty meals! I am so happy here!Cookies are to due for! Pie is scrumptious, desert is awesome! We frequent this location!
4	I grew up in New Jersey and Philadelphia and been in vegas since 96. I love their pizza at Rocco's. it reminds me of the pizzerias on the east coast. Service is not too friendly but not rude. Pizza is always good and empty pizza boxes are stacked tall. Reminds me of the east coast. Never tried anything but pizza but I love those pizzas
4	We order from here once a week and/or enjoy a pie to split for lunch.  Monday and Tuesday a large cheese is $9.99.  When they first opened it was $9.99 every day.  I understand supply and demand as their pizza is in demand in Las Vegas.  Many places have failed in trying to deliver a quality NY pizza.  Being from NY originally, I know that the trick to making a good NY pie is in the "water" and just screaming at it while you make it to get that true NY attitude in every bite.  Overall, the staff are great and the sandwiches are very tasty.  The Brooklyn is great if you are looking for proscuitto (good heaping portion) and the Manhattan Toasted (garlic bread) you can't lose with.
3	Ok NY pizza.  Nothing special and the service need to be updated. What kind of business doesn't greet customers or say thank you.   Grimaldi pizza is better and so is the service.
3	Not sure when Rocco's replaced Eddie's at this location but I'm still surprised either would consider this location ideal.  Yes it's in a busy corridor on Rainbow but it's not the easiest shopping center to navigate.As expected, only change to the restaurant is basically the name.  It's still a mom/pop Italian restaurant focused on pizza.  I went with the two slice special ( w/drink, $5; toppings $1 extra ) It's an OK slice - decent size, good crust, sauce is average, they too ( is this a trend ) cut the sausage in long slices, (almost look like it's peeled ) which I am not a fan of ( give me the bite size chunks )I will return to try other items on the menu.
4	Ordered a large cheese and it was ready in 20 minutes.  By the time I arrived it was being pulled out of the oven.  The pizza was delicious.  Always a good place to stop by by for lunch while at the office.  Extra points for pics of Sinatra and the rat pack.
5	AMAZING! The cheese calzone is the BOMB.COM. The pizza is on point as well. But we can't pass up the calzone, get it every time. Prices are great!Everyone is complaining about the service, we've never experienced this. And it's the SAME people every time we go. They are not rude, they just aren't kissing your ass. If you smile and are nice to them, they smile and are nice to you. It's called common courtesy. I also saw someone complain about $2 drinks and 10 min for a pizza. You pay $1.80 for a drink at a gas station and can't refill it and 10 min for a pizza is fast! If you waited less time for a pizza before, you ate it raw sweetheart.We truly love this place and I recommend it to everyone. (haven't had the other locations, so I cannot speak for them)
5	the pizza was very good and the knots !!
1	Stopped in for lunch and everyone before and after me got their food. 15 minutes after ordering I asked where my slices were and got a "sorry bro" right before they were tossed in the oven. Then the guy forgot them in the oven. 8+ minutes later they came out so hot I couldn't eat them. Once finally cool enough to not burn my mouth off I take a bite to find out the crust is extra extra crispy, one step from burnt in reality. Nothing else was said about having to wait 20+ minutes for them to warm pre made slices. Avoid!
2	I ordered the lobster stromboli and it was good, but that was not lobster in there. Tasted like the imitation crab stuff that is really a fish that tastes kind of like crab. I'm from Maine and grew up on lobster, and the meat inside was not lobster. I was dooped. I won't order that again. Very disappointed.
5	Rocco's Pizza! It's GREAT! Price is right. Food is tasty! I recommend the everything pizza. It's New York Style! Wifey loves the Zepolles! FREE SAMPLES!! They also have many fresh pastas as well as Garlic Knots! Staff Is friendly and atmosphere is family friendly with a decor of a New York Pizza Pub!
2	So I finally tried Rocco's...I probably won't be back to try a few of their items. It is a nice place and customer service was friendly but from what I had and what everyone else in my group had it was more misses than hits. I had the chicken and broccoli fettuccine alfredo. My picture isn't a true representation, it was worst. The noodles were very under cooked. Under cooked pasta noodles are good if they were freshly made but when they're out the box or bag cook it longer. It was partially transparent in the middle, crunchy and gummy in other parts. It was like eating those Asian microwavable chow mein dishes but for pasta. It took me forever to finish it not because of it size but because it was just bad, even tried letting it maybe cook in its sauce but it never happened. I didn't care for the chicken pieces and sauce it was more like they cutted up half of a 6 piece chicken McNuggets box and added a bad bottled or canned alfredo sauce. The only positive thing about the dish was the broccoli seemed fresh, bright green and had a nice crisp when bitten into. A few in the group ordered some calzones. Right out of the oven and before they started eating it I was thinking that they're a nice smaller than usual calzones that I'd be back for.  However after noticing that 2 of the calzones weren't finished it seemed like maybe it's not that good. It seemed like the cheese was mostly left in the plates, it didn't look so tasty.Their strombolis and pizzas did look really good these were ordered and left without a trace on the plates of those who ordered them. Maybe I'll be back for these.  They have a 2 cheese pizza slices and a drink special for about $5. Their Fra Diavolo also looked good from across the table, it had pasta, mussels, and a red sauce. I liked that they displayed the actually pizza,  strombolis, and calzones on the counter because they just look so good. They have these signs on the walls saying in big letters that they have best of various things and deals they have, it makes you want to get them and prove em wrong or right.  I'll probably be back but not anytime soon so expect an update unless I get the same experience that time also.
3	I've had the pizza as well as a veal sorrentino. The pizza is good. Can't say that it stands out from most other places, but it's definitely worth trying at least once. The veal sorrentino was good. A big portion. I could only finish half. I'd be interested in trying other entrees. The calzones were oozing with cheese. Seemed like a ton of cheese. If you're into cheese you'd love a calzone. Prices were reasonable and there were a few specials. If you've wanted to try this place, I'd say it is definitely worth a try.
5	This places is the BOMB!! This coming from someone born and raised in the Bronx. I was happy to wrap my lips around a genuine folded NY slice. My first bite took me back to my childhood after school snack at Franks corner pizza shop every day at 3 o'clock. I highly recommend Roccos and will certainly be back.Ps. Great Lunch special too!
1	Horrible customer service! I showed them the promotion that THEY put on Facebook saying $.99 for a slice of pizza and they said "oh....no we don't accept that maybe try the other location" WTF this is on your Facebook page!!! Suck it Rocco there are plenty of great pizza shops in town that I will take my money too.
5	I'm from NYC and this is by far the closest thing to authentic New York pizza I've found in 6 years of living out here.
5	Pizza is fabulous!Authentic, great atmosphere will be coming more often. Cannolis are to die for!
5	My husband and I have been meaning to try this place forever now since we live right down the street and we finally did yesterday. We definitely found our new pizza place! I'm from New York and walking in there and even seeing things that you can only find on the east coast, even my favorite potato chips, made me feel like I was back home in the Bronx! Can't wait to try EVERYTHING on their menu!
5	Great pizza and service. Wish they delivered a little farther than 5 miles. Garlic knots are yummy.
5	This place is amazing there pasta is so good   I recommend there chicken Alfredo .if your in the area you need to check this place out .
4	We originally intended to order from Grimaldis, but after the rude service on the phone, we opted for Rocco's instead. Very happy with our decision! Garlic knots are killer. Pizza was good as well
4	Have never ventured away from their pizza until tonight. Let it be known I think Rocco's has the BEST pizza in Vegas. Hands down! Tonight I thought I'd try something different and was in the mood for chicken piccata. Not gunna lie I was a little disappointed... The chicken was extremely soggy but the sauce was pretty good. Not even close to the best chicken piccata I've had. Definitely won't be getting that dish from here again. Also got the antipasto salad which was very, very fresh and the dressing was super tangy! All in all, at the very least I will ALWAYS come back here for pizza and salad and might give a different entree a try next time.
5	Consistently good food & service.  Great variety of pizzas,  cold cut subs, salads, & even hot zeppelis for someone with a sweet tooth. A little slice of nyc right here in Vegas
3	Been meaning to check this spot out for a while now. I'm a big fan of mom n pop pizza places. They are usually much better than the chain spots and your business is appreciated.  Rocco's is a pretty standard pizzeria, offering subs, pastas, desserts and of course pizza with a wide assortment of toppings and sauces. They have an interesting spin on a bloody mary where you can get their vodka infused meat sauce; definitely want to try that out next time I stop by. They put their actual ingredients out on a shelf for everyone to see, its reassuring and good to know that the food is made from scratch. I was looking for a quick lunch and I had the $5 pizza special: 2 slices of cheese and soda, I added pepperoni for a buck more. The pizza was ok... very greasy and floppy, could have used a few more minutes in the oven. The slices were big and I was satisfied but not impressed. Avoid getting ranch if you like that with your pizza, for .85 cents they gave me a store bought pack of salad dressing. SMHOverall the pizza was average but the menu holds promise, warranting a second trip in the near future.
5	I've been to this place several times with and without my daughter. The staff is always friendly and one time a few weeks ago when we were dining right before closing and I got a free slice of cheese! So nice!  The pizza itself is amazingly delicious.
5	We own a local shop in their area and order from here at least once a week. It's an East Coast type restaurant and the food is very good. I love their antipasto salad with the regular oil & vinegar, homemade dressing. Also the pizza is excellent. Highly recommend.
4	I really liked this Pizza.  We ordered a large pepperoni to-go and the guys behind the counter were friendly and funny.  They also have a lot of sweets that looked good.  Definitely check this place out if you like thin crust.  I like to fold the slice and eat it to the crust, then take the crust and dip it in pop.  Very tasty.
3	Great food, and great delivery service. Unfortunately, we have to call a quits because theres an incompetent employee who took our order. He was unfriendly, and he also sounded like he was on pills or simpleminded. My husband and I frequently order from this place and every time we pray this kid doesn't answer, because of his discourteous behavior. The guy never mentioned the price, didn't review my order, and hung up before I can give him my zip code. The delivery driver was completely sympathetic and understanding. He's aware that this is a continuous issue, and I hope they fix it because the food really is amazing.
5	This place is great! The garlic knots and the Penne A La Vodka pasta was terrific, and the pizza was delicious and very NYC style. Definitely will go back! Normally I only come on here to put up any crappy service I get but I had to put how great it was. I Recommend this place
5	This is probably one of the only places for pizza! I literally only come here to get some legit by style slices.
5	This is my first review on yelp this is the best pizza I've had in a long time not only did I not spend a lot of money but the 2 slice deal I bought were hugh and very tasty.
4	Total NY style pizza. Love that you can get it by the slice. They had samples of the zeppoles in the front and they were fresh-n-hot and delicious! I ordered the an entree. I'm used to it being prepared a different way, wouldn't order it again... BUT I did eat all of it. I will definitely try there again for the pizza. The table next to us ordered sandwiches and they loved yummy. I will definitely be back to try those!I love that they have homemade pastas and sauces.
4	It's always hard to find a good pizza shop in las Vegas, it's usually hit or miss. Having said that, the food was surprisingly REALLY good! We had delivery, the guy said 45 minutes and he was on time. Me and my girlfriend split the white pizza and an order of plain chicken fingers. The white pizza with actually very good. It had ricatta and mozzarella cheese, canola oil with no marinara sauce. I think I found my new favorite pizza. The chicken fingers were perfectly cooked and lightly battered. I eat chicken fingers all the time when I have a cheat meal and these were worth it!Overall I will definitely be a returning customer. Maybe next time I'll go and see what the atmosphere looks like inside.
4	It was a Friday night. I've been to other Rocco's in LV, but this was my first at this location. I came in and I liked the design of the place. It felt like a bigger and spacier version of the pizzerias back east. The TV, however, was set to ESPN and not the YES Network like the Charleston location does. The pizza was good. The crust was tasty. The lasagna, I have to admit wasn't something to write home about. I've had better. Overall, I'd come back for more pizza but I will probably order the lasagna somewhere else.
1	The restaurant was dirty. The tables were all crumby even though they were all empty.  The floors needed a power wash. The ceiling was leaking water down the wall into a dirty garbage can. The guy behind the counter was stuffing his face the entire 25 minutes we were there and talking with his mouthful to incoming customers. My stomach was turning when I noticed that he never washed his hands between eating and serving. I was also disappointed with the taste of the pizza. We could have ordered Dominoes and I would have been happier. I won't return for sure.
2	Okay so their white pizza is amazing but their customer service is terrible. I have ordered here 3 times all for delivery all 3 times, I have hoped that the guy who answers the phone would not have a attitude and every time it never fails he is a total jerk. He is quick to get you off the phone. I called to order for delivery and he tells me to hang on and is yelling at an employee. After he took my order he just hung up he didn't even say what my total was. I will say that this is will be my final order from this restaurant. The owners need to realize that customer service is what keeps people coming back.
1	From the nearly inanimate object who took my order to the dirty table to the filthy almost empty cheese shaker to the second rate pizza with the "not-so-fresh" sausage that sent me running to the bathroom, thank you Rocco's for another miserable Las Vegas pizza experience.  I hope you'll understand my not asking for a to go box for the leftovers.
4	Rocco's has been on the radar for far too long, so when deciding to order delivery (pizza) & wanting real pizza (not one from a Hut) my family & I went for it. Stayed with the basics to accommodate a variety of people. Cheese & Pepperoni to be exact. Like I said, basic, but great benchmarking material! If they can't make it good without tchotchkes then...Anywho, both were good. Pepperoni was the greasy kind my fella likes. The crusts weren't too thick, not too thin, but just right. Crisp. Good cheese level. They arrived in exact time that they stated, still hot & as we ordered. Prices were reasonable- even their extra toppings & I love their gourmet toppings list. All good! Though I must admit, I have affinity for that hut- kind of pizza every so often, this was a good exchange for NY style pizza. Glad to have a good neighborhood spot that we can all agree on.
5	Been here a handful of times with my boys. They love Rocco's Pizza!!!  Pizza always comes out fast and cooked the same every time. Staff at this location is always super nice and inviting when you walk in the door. They always pay attention to the kids and make sure they are enjoying themselves!
2	this was my second trip here. I wanted to give Rocco's another chance since my first visit was disappointing. Having been to a different location and enjoying it, I will not be returning here. The guy taking the order was a bit rude. Not just to me but others in line as well. The pizza was sickening, overwhelmed with grease it took any other flavors from the other ingredients right out of the picture.
1	Came here with my boss on lunch break. Decided to try this place out because not many other pizza places around this area had that great of reviews either. Working at a food place myself and my boss having owned it we know how things should be in a restaurant. The second my boss looked around she was like nope not eating here. There was pizza dough laying around open on the bottom shelf that looked like it hadn't been cleaned in forever. The soda machine had buildup of some liquid and was leaking at the bottom. Honestly my standards aren't too high with food and I usually have a tough stomach so I said what the heck I'll eat anyways since we didn't have much time. I reeeeallllyyy should of listened to my boss. Not even 10 minutes after leaving I'm only going to say two words: explosive diarrhea.
3	**I really like Rocco's food, solid 4 stars and prices are cheap too. However, I knocked down a star for their consistently bad customer service. If you're willing to put up with their BS, try their lasagna pizza or their pastas made with homemade sauces.**Rocco's makes a good pie, definitely the best in their immediate area. It's typical NY-style crust. Quality of cheese is not the best, the pie tends to get greasy, but I like their sauce and their dough. Their lasagna pizza is good, as is their sausage and they're not chintzy with their toppings. Last time I went, I got their tomato and mozzarella salad and it was good, a large portion for around $5. I couldn't finish it so I asked for a to-go box. They only had styrofoam box and a paper bag. Fail. I knew it was a bad idea but I really wanted to take it home. By the time I got home, a 15 min drive, the olive oil had soaked through the box, the paper and bag and is now (permanently) a part of my passenger seat. Seriously, if you can't make a salad with the proper to-go containers, don't make it at all! And how can a restaurant not have plastic bags? You can buy a box at Smart and Final for $12! The place is always busy. They're usually understaffed. The guy who is always there, probably the manager, is not rude, but he's not nice. One time, I came early Sunday morning and the service was good because they weren't busy. All the other times its been mediocre to bad, one of the workers there didn't even know they sold gnocchi, he had to ask the guy on the phone. Fail. Overall it's a decent pizzeria but I don't care for the bad service and hassle. Pizza is tough in Vegas, there's so many awesome pizzerias all within a few miles of each other. Luckily I don't live nearby here, so I doubt I'll ever come here again.
2	Tried this place out after my boyfriend heard they served really good NY style pizza. I'm a pan crust kinda gal myself but all-in-all, pizza is pizza to me. The place itself is located in a plaza across from the Walmart shopping center. It's a small, deli style eating place where you can sit down or takeout. We ordered a slice of the white and a italian stromboli. I have to say I was pretty disappointed. First off, they got the order wrong and gave us plain cheese slice. They let us keep the slice after fixing our order, but both pizzas were just not so great. They bottom was burnt and the overall taste just blah. Pizza hut is better. I think this place is a chain so maybe we picked the wrong one, but I don't plan on coming back to this place.
2	Yes, pizza from Brooklyn, is brand/location advertising that is attractive to a pizza lover.Even the interior decor of b/w framed poster is unmistakably New York New York; it is homey and warm without the crowd and the lines of a neighborhood pizzeria.A "Hello" when I walked-in was very welcoming and they had ESPN on so the sporty feel was nice too.And then the order...My spaghetti sauce is weak and watery; maybe it's just me but I want my tomato to be on the creamy, if not fresh and homemade (it does not help when they have the BIG can of tomato sauce on DISPLAY next to the counter). On the bright side, I think the pasta is texturally good and the meatball is a big ball of fun worth trying again.I've never tried their pizza but it looks big and cheesy thin. You can get two slices and a drink for _____.And then the bathroom...Seeing it was not very busy when I was there, I wished the staff were more mindful on their cleaning, because unfortunately this would be the last thing I will remember about this place.
1	I waited for a pizza for 30 minutes because my name was never called. Employees were not very pleasant and the pizza was cold and falling apart.
5	Place is fantastic,best meatball sub I have found in Vegas.Alex is the best,knows how to run a business.Good  Pizza too.   Good Luck with new owner.       TIM B.
5	Rocco's trumps Grimaldi's!!! Since moving to the area I thought i'd give Rocco's a shot and man did they deliver! (LITERALLY) Had a pizza with mushrooms and the most awesome antipasto salad. It was loaded with meats and cheeses and prosciutto! I have to say as a former Grimialdi's customer I'm definitely gonna choose Rocco's over them any day. Kicking myself now for not getting a cannoli!! Thank you again Rocco's!!! :)
4	Diane         Had a very good experience at this restaurant. .The stromboliWas awesome and the service was too. We would go back and take friends
5	Being from Brooklyn, New York I looked far and wide for a pizza joint that would remind me of home. Alex makes it as close as they come so far. The food is great and the service is even better. Alex really goes out of his way to make his customers wanna come back for more. Dustin had my food delivered in a timely fashion with a smile. Check it out guys they won't disappoint ......Manjia!
1	Decided to get some pizza and garlic bites to go. I got the 12 pieces on the bites and wanted 2 sauces. The server assured me that there was 2 marinara sauces. There was only one. I asked if they had a garlic sauce and she said no, they have garlic sauce on them already, mine were quite dry. To top it off, the one sauce they gave me had a loose lid and all the marina sauce ended up everywhere except on the bites. The chain pizza places get a lot of criticism, but they are at least consistent. Would you pay $7 for this?
3	Eh. Not impressed. Nothing to cry about, I didn't send anything back. But would I drive across town again for this? No way. Especially when there are better Italian delis in Vegas. My family and I went here on a Sunday night. With no intentions of being in the area, we were quite pleased to find an authentic Italian deli style place. Reviews look decent, and they offer fresh cheese, so I was all in. Between us, we ordered a large cheese pie, a bolognese, a specialty pasta, and some rice balls. The pizza and rice balls tasted pretty good. The pastas were just average. The bolognese was actually quite bland. I was also disappointed in their deli selections. They basically had mozzarella and provolone, that's all. To me an Italian deli needs at least 5-7 selections you can't get at your local market. I would order a pizza from here again if they were close. I would even give them a second chance if invited by a friend or for a party. But overall, this is basic and average, and nothing more.
1	This may be the worst place in town.  When you walk in you smell the welcoming sent of fresh bread, but that is the last point at which you feel welcome.  I was there at 6pm last Saturday to check it out as a potential place to get delivery from.  I ordered an antipasti plate and a saltimbuca and was told it would take approximately 5 minutes (clearly a joke).  30 minutes later having sat there while the people who ordered long after me were served a pizza which the sent back to be properly cooked, I saw a less than sanitary cook in an illfittling tee shirt (plumber's crack and all) place a container with my saltimbuca up front to be sent out.  Appearantly someone had mistakenly given out my antipasti with another to go order, but instead of being applogetic and hastily correcting the problem, the staff prefered to argue with one and other, in full veiw and hearing of the customers, about the error.  This is one of the most disorganized dining establishments that I have ever seen.  The service SUCKS!!!! and the food...the antipasti was average, the  bread  was great and the saltimbuco was deep fried and inedible...I even refused to feed it to my dogs.  The pasta that came with this was barely eatable.  All in all I would recommend that you avoid this place at all costs....frozen would be safer and better....and, let's face it  there are ample italian deli places throughout this area that would be grateful for your bisiness and treat you with courtesy and respect, and honor the food that they serve.
3	Depending on what you are looking it eat, depends on if the food is good or not. Have dined here several times and have tried several things off of the menu. There are a few items that stand out and a few items that need some help.The one thing that is always constant is the service. The staff that works the register have always been extremely nice and helpful. The good:Eggplant Parmesan Sandwich - Full of Eggplant and Mozzarella GoodnessCheesesteak Sandwich - Full of Meat and Excellent BreadWhite Pizza - Crust is Awesome50/50 Dishes:Rice Ball - Sometimes overly greasy & sometimes lacking flavorChicken Caesar Salad - Bland Chicken and sometimes too much or not enough dressingBroccoli & Mozzarella Stromboli - Sometimes seasoned properly & sometimes notNeeds HelpAny of the pasta dishes - Pasta always overcooked and lacking solid flavoringOverall we know what dishes work the best and we get those most of the time. It's close to our house and we like the employees, so we keep going back for more.
1	Where do I start... So the place was a wreck! Not clean at all, the people working there were not the best at what they did and were slow.  We were over charged 0.83 cents. We noticed they rang up the wrong pasta and wrong size sandwich and we the customers corrected it before they started to make our food and then They brought out the wrong sandwich for me twice and the wrong size.  The small order of six garlic knots only came with 5.  Even though all of this we were determined to not let it ruin our night.  Because we could tell they were trying hard.  Then we saw this girl with a face tattoo taking an order over the phone and how she was just sassy and rolling her eyes on the phone.  That was when we decided to write a review. We got a sandwich. Pasta, garlic knots and one small soda.  Total was $38.93.  We would not recommend going to this place.  Spend your money elsewhere you will not feel happy after you eat here.
1	The place is in a great location.  We ordered chicken fingers medium and the pizza special.  The chicken fingers were horrific.  There was way too much salt.  At one point, it tasted like I bit into a salt chunk.  They also gave us a prepackage of ranch.  They don't make their own ranch?  Fingers were overcooked.  The pizza had the texture of cardboard.  I would not recommend this place.
5	Came here for lunch and got 2 NY size slices and a drink for $5. Can't beat that. I added meat to themFor an extra buck. The pizza was delicious. I would definitely come back to this place. Nice decor too.
5	The pizza here is delicious. Total New York style not a lot of crust and you are able to add different kinds of toppings. Lots of other varieties of entrees  as well
2	Food was gross made me super sick ! No flavor at all on pizza nor pasta so gross but the People  that work there were very nice tho. Food was just gross
2	The baked ziti was not very good... It was basically just the noodles with cheese, no sauce. My husband ordered the cheese ravioli with marinara sauce and they gave him meat sauce. The ravioli was pretty much all ground beef and what tasted like ragu sauce. This was after waiting over an hour for our food to be delivered. There is a $3 charge for delivery, they only deliver within a 5 mile radius, and a $20 min charge. Overall, we were not impressed and will not be ordering from here again.
