1	I don't know where all these good reviews are coming from,  but my experience at Dr Tony Peters was much less that stellar.  I used a living social I bought for a massage.  This was the worst massage I have ever had-- days later my back was still soar.   I felt like I couldn't even stand I was in so much pain.  Plus,  the music is booming outside of the massage room.  You can't really relax when you constantly hear the bass rhythm in the background.Lastly,  the place is just sketchy.  It is in a weird area,  the place isn't really designed/ set up like a chiropracter's office AND there was a 311 poster of the ceiling.My overall reccomendation,  just go somewhere else.  Go somewhere else for your massage and for your chiropractic needs.
5	I started seeing Dr. Peters in 2010 and he is without a doubt the guy to see.  Even if I go see him with very specific aches and pains he always goes through a thorough examination, treating areas that may be contributing to the issue. His holistic approach is refreshing in this world of quick fixes. I love the atmosphere and the relaxed unpretentious vibe. Best deal in Charlotte at $39 an adjustment!
5	Stop it.  Just stop what you are doing and IMMEDIATELY go see Dr. Peters.  Whatever is bothering you, hurting, pinching, or aching - he will fix.  I work in Ballantyne so when I first started seeing Dr. Peters, I wasn't able to go too often.  Then I saw that his office is open until 7 pm on Tuesdays and usually one Saturday each month - SHUT UP.  Now it's so easy for me to get in a weekly adjustment if I feel like I need it!I've gone to several other chiropractors, but none have really been able to compare to how great Dr. Peters is at what he does.  And it's not just skeletal manipulation - he also does trigger point therapy, accupuncture, and general mashing of your muscles if that's what you need.  In fact, the focus of our last few sessions has been on my feet and calf muscles in hopes that it won't hurt so freaking much when I go jogging.  Or is it yogging, with a soft j?  As someone who is active 5-6 days per week, it's a welcome relief to go to a chiropractor who doesn't try to tell me to stop doing certain activities like CrossFit or spinning (like others in the past have said).  In fact, I think he's the official chiropractor for the Charlotte Roller Girls, and you know they get all out of sorts in that sport!Go see Dr. Peters - you'll be very happy you did!
5	Dr. Peters is wonderful. Not a conventional doctor's office, super friendly staff, and results!! I have always suffered from back and neck pain, creating a curve in my posture and a stiffness that was unmanageable. I have been seeing Tony for a few months and can stand up straight! My pain is going down and my range of motion ia better than it has been in years! Definitely recommend Tony.
5	Dr. Peters is wonderful. He is our team chiropractor and he takes such good care of us. No matter what part of my body is hurting he is always successful at relieving at least some of the pain. I recommend that you come prepared to be worked on with some force. I have a lot of neck and shoulder issues from playing roller derby and he can bring me to tears when he is working on me, but I am thankful for it. He is the only chiropractor who has ever successfully moved and loosen my worse knots. He is so great a finding spots that I didn't even know were troublesome and he works on them and I always feel better afterwards.
