4	Oooo this one is nice.  Unlike the giant brand new big box versions of Hobby Lobby that they dropped into Avondale and Gilbert, this one lives in an old Mervyns.  Because of that, there is a TON of room and everyone is really spread out.  Hobby Lobby is like 1000X better than a Jo-Ann or Michaels and this one is the only one in CenPho.  If you are tired of waiting in line at Jo-Ann's to have your fabric cut or tired of the slow checkers at Michaels, go here.  I promise, you won't be disappointed.
4	I"m not into crafts, but I noticed that this place took over an old department store, near PV Mall, so I decided to stroll around.  The place is gargantuan with every nick-nack, brick-a-brack, doo-hickey, and enything else you use a hyphen ("-") for imaginable. Michael's cannot be happy that this place is in the neighborhood.  Martha Stewart chicks have a new hangout.
5	I prefer to frequent local businesses, for example AZ art supply on Scottsdale and Shea. I'm not a fan of the chains, but this place had paper for half the price I usually pay and the customer service is among the best.Most importantly they had COPIC MARKERS!!!! Which is excellent, since the alternative is to drive to Tempe from North Scottsdale.Finally, when two lines had started to build they not only opened a third register, but the woman asked me specifically (I'd clearly been there the longest)  if I wanted to come to the open register.I ran my behind around the lines and of course two women had beat me there (one of them was clearly planning on letting me go ahead, but not the other.) and the woman at the register very specifically took me first.Customer service makes a huuuge difference for me.It may seem like a small thing, but have you ever stood 20 minutes, watched a  cashier take everyone behind you and  watched them all get rung up and leave before they even get to you. Why go to a place like that when you can go somewhere customer service means something.So Great customer service, the prices are excellent and they have just about everything.I highly recommend it.
3	A great place to pick up odd and end materials for painting...jewelry making.....making scrap books etc.....However the areas are fairly small...and the selection of all materials for any of your homemaking ideas is very limited. The customer service is great though....and the store is very sizable to move around so you don't feel cramped. So like I said if you need some odd and ends for your homemaking projects give this locale a try. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
5	I did not have Hobby Lobby in SoCal and boy did I miss out. My fiance has this silly rule that he cannot step foot into a Michael's or Joann's Craft store with me because he would die of boredom as I perused aisle after aisle. Well, when I found Hobby Lobby shortly after we moved to Phoenix I told my fiance that he had another store to add to his Do Not Go In list. When he asked why I described it to him as the Costco version of Michael's. Yep, no more description necessary. He did not want to hear anymore.But I did so I went back several more times in a few short months and happily walked down aisle after aisle exploring the materials I need for current projects as well as daydreaming about future projects. Be prepared - this place is large so it will take some time to walk around - it's best not to be in a rush so you can fully enjoy looking at everything!While Michael's is still a great place to get quick supplies this place has more of a selection if you need more variety. Prices are comparable to other craft stores but the neat thing is that you can resuse the coupon they email to you all week long as many times as you'd like. I'll be going back frequently as I start collecting items for my upcoming wedding which is something I'm definitely looking forward to. Don't forget to sign up for the weekly emails to make sure you get your handy dandy coupons!
5	It's like the shopping equivalent of the joy Disneyland brings me! Hobby Lobby is FAR more then just "craft supplies". They have tons of home and holiday decorations, unique selections, yes crafts, but a lot more as well. (cushions, candles, a large card and party supply section, etc). It's far bigger than one would think. It's also very well organized and clean. If you want to find something fast, the store is well marked and the staff has always been very friendly in assisting. If you feel like browsing, you can do so without feeling rushed or cramped. *My absolute biggest piece of advice and the reason for writing this review is to let you know about the 50% off sales they have daily (usually one week per section). This varies from department to department. If you ask, they will even tell you what "section" is coming up next. It's amazing, as their prices are already better than Michael's, Target, etc. They even do this with holiday decorations before the holiday arrives! If it's not 50% off yet it will be soon. Keep an open mind and take a look. You will find things here you never expected!
5	I enjoy Hobby Lobby because it is very well organized and you can find just what you are looking for without feeling overwhelmed. Sign up on their website and you almost always get a 40% off one item coupon. There is a great fabric section, and a wonderful card area too. I love the Christian vibe here with some of the decorator items, the music and the fact they are closed on Sundays.
5	I have just as much fun shopping here for my house as I do shopping for shoes! They have so much to choose from such as artificial flowers,  scrapbook supplies, lamps, candles, frames, furniture show pieces, fabric, and tons of holiday items. What is always great is that their sale prices are amazing and some section is always on sale, but even if it wasn't their prices are pretty reasonable. The store is bright and very tidy. My only sadface comment is that I wish their store was open on Sunday, but I respect the businesses decision to observe the Sabbath.
4	Large, clean and attractive store! Lots of supplies for most hobbys. I love their scrapbook section! I recently started quilting again and while their fabric selection isn't huge, they carry some unique fabrics I haven't seen elsewhere such as Autism Speaks, Airforce, Christian designs, local college emblems. They're a little heavy on the home decor stuff, that's not what I am looking for when I shop there, rather have more craft supplies. Overall a great place to find what you need for your projects!
3	We went here today for a specific item and while found what we were looking for we spent some time looking around to see what all they had.  Besides having a huge selection to choose from we also found that they had a huge line with 8+ people waiting to check out.  They did finally call for some assistance at the cash register, but why they waited so long is beyound me.
4	Hobby lobby is a magical place! This is the place to go for all your craft needs! I love this location and the staff is very helpful! Need home decor? Try hobby lobby! Need party supplies? Hobby lobby is where it's at! This is craft heaven!
5	Hobby Lobby has EVERYTHING you could possibly want for any arts/crafts/home decor/scrapbooking... literally everything. I could get lost in this store! And their prices are phenomenal; haven't found another place that is cheaper. I love you, Hobby Lobby! :)
5	They have everything I need to decorate...and then some. I was able to redecorate my daughter's room, on a budget with all the items I got there. There is plenty of inspiration and many helpful employees. I like the Christian products. They make great gifts.
1	Too political. Uhg.
1	Yesterday, the SCOTUS granted Hobby Lobby its petition that it be treated as a person, with religious beliefs and religious freedoms, and the ability to deny its employees equal access to healthcare. Just as Hobby Lobby can now pick and choose which equal rights it wants to support, I can pick and choose never to shop there ever again.
5	This is an amazing store -- I could spend all day there! If you're looking for crafts, home decor or unique gifts, this is the place to shop. And, the prices are great! They are closed on Sundays, so keep that in mind -- I've forgotten that in the past & kicked myself when I realized they were closed.
5	Super nice cashiers that help you out with finding the coupon on your phone! He literally was teaching the elderly couple in front of me how to get the coupon to pull up so that they could have 40% off. He made sure to tell them they could use it every day. You should have seen the old man'a face! Too cute! He tried to offer to use his phone coupon for my transaction even. Anyway the store has a much better selection than the one back home in Colorado and they always seem to have so much stuff on sale, like 50% off kinda sale!
