5	Great place. Easily the best in the city. Open on Saturday from 10am till sold out and there will usually be a line out the door.  They will also take orders for things during the week but in whole sizes only (not slices, etc). They sell fresh eggs from their farm and supplies for making fresh mozzarella, etc.Cooking classes are available and i have taken a couple, one with my daughter at the farm and it was worth every penny.Highly rated.
5	We watched the line start forming for Food Glorious Food around 9:30am while eating brunch next door.  They open their doors at 10am, so this was a good indication of what great things were inside.Apparently they stay open until they are sold out.  By 11:30 when we finally got inside, there was still plenty of delicious things left!My husband and I split a slice of key lime pie (one of his all time favorites.)  And he said he hadn't one so good since Miami.  Our friends, who had been many times before, bought a ricotta pie and a multi-layered  nut/chocolate cake - also both divine.I can't wait to go back!
5	Marvelous! Saturday morning Secret Bakery? What?Sure it's like waiting in line for Pink Floyd concert tickets, but then you get to eat the tickets. And they're delicious.Can't stop thinking about that Jewish Pizza...
5	Plays well with a Tazza latte around the corner! The quiche was divine and the the biscuits were what I imagine my mom would have made had she actually made biscuits. Two words: YUM-OH! Cannot wait to return to the Steel City so I can partake in some of the desserts.
5	I have not had a bad thing from this place, ever.  I am hesitant to tell more people about this place, because I will stand in line longer on Saturday.  One weekend, I advance-ordered a chocolate/vanilla butter cream cake.  The ordering process was a bit drawin-out, but I was rewarded for my patience with the most amazing cake I have ever tasted.  I took the cake to a party, and the cake was the hit the talk of the party.  I will have to take 2 cakes to the next party.  Everyone stated that it was the best cake they had ever had.  My daughter craves that cake on Tuesday, and alas, I cannot scratch that itch till Saturday, when those magic doors open for a few hours to allow us into enjoy the sweet and savory heaven that Food Glorous Food offers.
5	This place has probably some of the best pastries I've ever encountered.  The treats are consistently great to amazing to even mouth watering.  The bakery is this quaint little place that is really cute with nice baking decorations and everything.  The staff is really friendly and always helpful with making the hard selection.  The cupcakes are these cream-stuffed pieces of heaven, and their signature sandwiches are out of this world.  Everything else leaves nothing to be desired, and keeps me coming back as frequently as I can find someone to accompany me.
5	I am at Food Glorious Food every weekend. I always try to sample something new every time I go, and everything I've had has been wonderful.The cupcakes are so buttery and the fillings and frosting so creamy (and sweet, but not over the top sweet). The fruit tarts are also excellent-- my favorite is just topped with a very generous amount of cream and and assorted fruit (berries, kiwi, mandarin orange, etc). Ahh, soooo good.I haven't tried the focaccia (yet) but they look incredible. And I ALWAYS get a biscuit. Every time.They recently expanded their hours, and are now open Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. And they will take orders by phone. So if there is something you want that is a popular item, you can call and they will hold it for you until you get there! The line can be long but the staff is very efficient-- I've never had to wait longer than 15 minutes. I can't say enough wonderful things about this place!
5	Went for the first time yesterday and will definitely go again and again!  Bought a huge assortment to share for dessert last night with some friends,  Amazing bread pudding- dreamt about it all night last night then woke up and ate the rest of it! The Jewish pizza was amazing, beat choc chip cookies ever, great Madeline's, great white lily cake, fantastic plum tart, to-die-for German choc cake and a really good sugar free cake with berries ( you'd never guess it was sugar free)The only thing that I thought was "meh" was the macaroons- tried blood orange and pistachio- have had much better right here in Pittsburgh from the French bakery in Millvale. I consider myself and expert in macaroons, and these were a little over cooked. Anyway, I declare this the best bakery I have ever gone to in Pittsburgh. Not cheap, but you really get what you pay for in this case.
5	Some of the best desserts you'll ever taste can be found here, and you can feel like you've discovered a city secret in the process. This is because the shop opens only Saturdays at 10 am, and you will usually spot a line forming at 9:30. They stay open until they sell out, which is usually around noon. It's like a magical place that opens for a brief period of time, then disappears as fast as it appeared. Anyways, as for the desserts, they feature at wide selection of tarts, cakes, and other types of pastries. All of them look mouth-watering delicious. One of the cakes won some sort of award...I had this and a few other kinds as well, and they were all phenomenal. They used an addictive whipped cream type of "frosting" for their cakes, and all of this deliciousness can be had at completely reasonable prices.I've always wondered why they only open Saturday morning though, and what they do during the week. Even if you're not in the area, it's worth arriving at 9:30 to experience the novelty and cool experience of this strange, tiny, and wonderful dessert shoppe!
5	Very good dessert - had the lemon tarte. Even better Ham & Cheese sandwiches. Didn't try their biscuits, but will definitely be back next weekend :DBring cash! $10 minimum for credit/debit cards.
4	In sum interesting, unpretentious and a cozy bakery.I have noticed this bakery as been closed when I make it to Bryant Street...which is usually in the late evening when I am chowing down on delicious food from the Smiling Banana Leaf. I finally committed to drive there just for this bakery.I skimmed the yelp reviews and was a little concerned that going there at 330 in the afternoon would deprive me of the decadent and most delicious of the tasty treats. I called the location and the said they were open to five. I will admit I almost did not go. If they have lines early in the morning all the goodies would have likely been gone a few hours from closing but I decided to give it a whirl nevertheless.A quaint location, a few two tops here and there, a small area to shop there. Beautiful baskets and other nicknacks. In the back is there bakery shelves which are strangely set up in the back right. The location is not the best to peruse offerings. I am fortunate I did not arrive when it was busy I would have been unable to see much before I was next in line!I ordered the Chocolate Tulip. It was a hand-made shell filled with mousse & cake, with ganache drizzle, cream and berries. Rich and moist. Smooth and fluffy mousse. Not overly sweet. A nice marriage of creamy, rich, and sweet. Loved this delight. I also had a tasty cupcake. The cake was not as rich as that in the tulip. Yet, the frosting was a divine passion fruit. Yum.I'll be back. If they can serve such yummy treats moments before they close I can only imagine how amazing they must be first thing in the morning.
5	The first time I came here, I waited in line for 20 minutes.  When it was my turn, I realized I left my wallet in the car.  It hurt so bad, I didn't come back for a year.I can walk to this place from my house- which is dangerous because those biscuits are just OH SO DREAMY.  I can't describe them.  Just get some.Do I feel guilty about noshing on fabulous Strawberry Napoleons and Jewish Pizza (kind of like a modified, yet TOTALLY delicious fruitcake bar) at 10:15am?  Hecks, naw... But they do have quiche and some other breakfast-y items for those who prefer a more traditional approach to your stomach's opening ceremony.Just go early :)  They open at 10 on Saturdays.  And bring cash...it's easier that way.
2	I arrived on a Thursday afternoon at 5pm when there was absolutely no other soul in the bakery (except for the staff). My pumpkin pastry with carmel topping was alright. I also tried the key lime cake and sour cream and apple cake. The key lime cake was definitely the best of the three.While I've been to better bakeries, I will definitely be back. I have heard stories of wonder and delight from other friends.There is a small seating area with tables and a water dispenser for diners.
5	There is no better place in Pittsburgh for interesting baked goods.  I wait in line with my daughter (who is 14 and only gets up early on a weekend when we are coming here:) on Saturdays and it is worth it.  We are foodies and cook a lot at home so let me hit some highlights:  the ham and cheese sandwiches are to die for and i hesitate to let you all know that; the biscuits are crazy good..dense and moist; the key lime cake is the best i've ever; amazing pepperoni rolls; the chocolate tulip is death by chocolate and delicious!  We haven't eaten our way through everything yet but it's all fantastic.Lisa
4	I'm a creature of habit--I've been getting a savory and sweet item each time I'm around the neighborhood. White lily cake is divine! Quiches always tasty. Macarons are alittle too sweet. I wish the cake slices weren't $4/pop. Otherwise, would be a regular here.
5	We were visiting our friends who live close by, it was raining on a Saturday morning, our friends told my boyfriend and I to go here and get a ham sandwich. A ham sandwich? We thought. Yes a ham sandwich. My bf grabbed two to go while I waited in the car and we started eating and driving, eating these warm buttery wonderful tiny ham sandwiches. 5 minutes later we drove back to food glorious food , this time I hoped out of the car and ran in , got 3 more and ran back to the car. I'm not a foodie, I'm not a meat lover, I rarely eat breakfast. ........ But........ These were to die for!!!! How could a tiny little ham sandwich taste so good?  The people that worked there, a young woman and a very young (teenager?) man we're so sweet and friendly,  the pastries were sitting all around on trays looked amazing too! Very small and charming inside, just like you want French cafes to be.  When we go to house sit for our friends next month, I will be a gaining few pounds a week on ham sandwiches. It might be the most savory 3 weeks of my life.
5	My sister, husband, and I went in after early dinner. It was completely unplanned but we were attracted to the quaint storefront. We purchased a crispy elephant ear-like dessert sprinkled with cinnamon and sugar. It was glorious. I bought a piece of apple-walnut-cinnamon sugar cake with cream cheese frosting. It was delicious an moist. We also purchased freshly baked chocolate chip cookies. They were absolutely rich and scrumptious. The woman who was there an greeted us seemed like she might be the owner. She was sweet and very helpful. Great disposition. This is probably my favorite small bakery in Pittsburgh. Delightful.
5	I can't even. Perfectly delicious food, reminds me of a true French bakery. Delectable cakes, pastries, chocolatey things, as well as savory quiches, breads, and their signature little marinated ham sammies. I used to be a regular here on Saturday mornings and would spend $20-30 bc I'd get 4-5 things to last me through the week. Ha! That never worked out. It lasted about 3 days. The last time I went, the person working the counter was really unfriendly. But hey, maybe they're trying to really nail that French bakery vibe :)  No matter, the baked goods redeemed this cranky lady.
5	Food glorious foooood, hot sausage and MUStard...Actually they don't sell hot sausage and mustard but, you know. They do have amazing ham and cheese sandwiches, that are kinda pricy, but oh so good. And if you want them, you better get there early on the weekend! They're small, so get 2 for yourself at least :)We've also tried the Nutella tart, which i've had twice now because it's SO DELICIOUS. The fruit tart is not bad, cinnamon buns are great, jewish pizza is ok (not what I was expecting - it's kinda like a fruitcake - like the dreaded holiday kind - but denser and drier), strata (eggy bread dish) which was pretty good, key lime cake - so so good, and quiche (good). Seating is hit or miss, since there's only a few tables (3 of them seat 4 people, 1 seats 2 people). On a quieter morning you should be able to find a seat. They serve coffee as well (nothing to write home about), $2 a cup, but if you like coffee with your dessert like me, it's nice to have.
5	Came across this place after checking out a Thai restaurant across the street. The name intrigued my family and I, and it looked like adorable from the outside. I fell in love instantly. And came back several times after first discovering this hidden gem. You walk in and the wonderful smells just overwhelm you in just an amazing way. The ambiance is that of an old style kitchen- personally, it reminds me of one of my aunts kitchens, which gives it that homey feel that is so comforting. They have seating- which I never saw in any bakeries prior to this one. They also serve coffee and encourage you to take a seat and enjoy your sweet treat. They offer such a unique array of sweets. Definitely not your typical bakery. Pies, tortes, mooses and cookies.. And when they do have cinnamon rolls, grab them! They are a hot commodity! My personal favorite is their key lime pie. Oh my goodness. It's amazing. They have had it every time that I came, thank goodness. Their key lime cake is phenomenal as well. Their fruit tarts are incredible, the chocolate moose is amazing- they have a lot of items with fresh fruit which I love! My only critiques- the hours: they are closed on Mondays and Sundays :/, not ideal for someone whose only day off is typically Sunday. And also, they write all the items thy have in the case on a small chalkboard posted on the wall to the right of the case. Every time I go, I find myself asking the employees what everything is, which I find to be a little annoying. Regardless- it's worth it. It's such a hidden gem and going there and experiencing their sweets is a real treat.
4	I have had the following items from this place:Banana Cream PieCoconut Cream pieNapoleonPumpkin rollKey lime pieLady fingersCookiesCupcakesI have never been disappointed.  This is the kind of place that SHOULD exist.  It has that home made taste with a professional look.  Everything tastes fresh and delicious.  I have not had one bad thing from there yet.
