3	On-time, knew the way to an uncommon, kind of tricky location. No conversation - which is a good thing to me at 8am. Appears it's a $2.75 pick-up charge plus $0.25 for every tenth of a mile. Van was run-down without air conditioning, but it worked.I handed over $15 for an $11.25 ride, and did not expect change... but  more importantly the driver did not prepare to make change. Not cool when the chick assumes that everyone will tip her 33% for a 5-minute ride. Also not cool that a "playa" takes their reservations...
4	I went to the Savoy 16 theater last night with a bunch of friends, and our movie was scheduled to end after the buses stop running.  So, I gave C-U Taxi a call while we were walking into the theater.  We had 8 people, so I thought we'd need two cabs.Surprise!  They have a 13-passenger bus, which is cheaper than taking 2 cabs!  Score!  We booked the bus for 12:45 am.  When the movie (Harry Potter 6) ended, we went outside, but couldn't find the taxi.  I called the company, and it turned out they dispatched the bus to the Beverly Theater by mistake.The bus showed up 10 minutes after we had scheduled it, but it was no big deal.  The bus was freaking cool, though.  It was one of those "karaoke party buses" that I often see Greek people riding around in.  It didn't take long to get back to campus, and the driver charged $3/person for the ride from Savoy 16 to Green&Wright.
1	If you need something to vomit in on the way home from the bar, C-U taxi might fit the bill.   But never use them for an early morning pickup to the airport.  I've tried a few times in the four years that I've lived in CU with usually miserable results.1. don't call the night before.  they'll only lose your request.2.  don't believe them when they say "we'll be there in 5 minutes"   This morning I waited for 20 minutes after I called to remind them that I needed a cab.  Eventually had to wake someone to drive me to the airport.  For all I know they never showed (I never got a call back saying they were waiting on me either.)Friends say that Yellow Cab is better at this.  (I saw two Yellow Cabs at Willard when I arrived). C-U Cab (aka Illini Taxi) isn't getting any more of my business.
4	We rented the Karaoke Party Bus for my wife's birthday celebration.  Dwayne was on time and courteous.  He picked up booze from my house earlier that week and had it on ice when he picked us up for the party.
1	wow never ever call these guys. I have tried them twice to go to airport. Each time I reserved in the morning for afternoon and they were late every time by over 20mins. This is Champaign folks not NYC. Last time the excuse was the driver got lost because they lost GPS signal. I say BS. Call the damn center and ask for directions. Also what kind of a cabby cannot find a simple address in a central part of the small town they are working for?!
