5	Steve and his team were simply fantastic! I had disgusting white subway tiles in the master bathroom and I needed to change that before moving in. I chose dark, travertine antares tile that would entirely change the look of the bathroom. Steve worked with my budget and completely renovated the master bathroom. It now looks exactly the way I want. The quality of work was top notch and Steve was professional and courteous throughout the entire process. I appreciated that he was the owner and he personally was the person who came out for the estimate, as well as was on-site during the renovation process. Team Tile is the best and I would happily recommend Steve and Team Tile to anyone in need of quality tile installation.
5	Steve and his team did an amazing job with our bathroom. We had a specific vision in mind and he understood exactly what we were looking for. Everything exceeded our expectations! Steve is a genuine and honest person and goes above and beyond to satisfy his customers. We selected a specific type of carrera marble and every vendor in town was back ordered, so Steve went out of his way to drive to LA and bring the marble to Vegas on his own time on the weekend. I'd recommend Steve to anyone looking for any type of remodeling work. They are truly the best!
5	Team Tile and Stone did a wonderful job remodeling our bathroom.  Professional in every way.  We will use Steve and his team again for our master bathroom.  We highly recommend Steve.
5	Steve and his team were on time everyday and stayed within their bid. We love our new bathroom remodel and highly recommend them to all.
5	Team Tile and Stone remodeled our kitchen counters with granite and a tile back splash. They also completely redid our 2 bathrooms with beautiful fixtures, tile, and granite.  From tear-out to completion they were very professional, always on time, and reasonably priced.  I love how they take care of everything and we didn't have to call several sub contractors to get the job done. I would highly recommend Steve and his team to anyone looking to remodel a kitchen or bath.
5	Steve and his crew were awesome!   Having decided to stay in the home we raised the girls in we are just getting started in the renovation process.  We started with the master bathroom. . .The bidding process can be a ridiculous exercise  However. . .Steve was the only contractor who provided us with a detailed bid that was explicit in what materials and labor would be supplied and where extra costs would come in  (i.e.  Upgrading fixtures, laying tile on the diagonal).  (Just and FYI we had a guy from Home Depot come into our home bounce on our floor and say that the sub floor was rotted.  He added $6K to our bid for that item.  There was not a rotten subfloor just a rotten contractor).Steve and his crew were professional, came when they said they would come and did what they said they would do.  We felt comfortable enough to go on a cruise and come back to a totally upgraded bathroom, it was awesome.  I feel like I have a hotel bathroom.  The materials are quality, I elected the tile for the floor and walls and the granite for the countertops and the fixtures either from samples brought to the house or a visit to a showroom. My bathroom has been upgraded to a circa 1994 to a circa 2014 and we are very happy.  We call call Steve and Team when we are ready to start the kitchen.
5	Team Tile and Stone renovated our two bathrooms and did a wonderful job.  The bathrooms are beautiful.  Team Tile and Stone are true professionals. They are dependable, arriving on time and completing the job in the time frame that said they would do it in.  They are neat and their workmanship is top notch.  I would highly recommend them.
5	I contacted Steve and he came out to give the job a look the next day. After the estimate, he said we will be here Monday to start! Wow they were fast demo on Monday sealed on Saturday just in time for our Christmas Poolcuzi party. We had about 40 people over and they were so complimenting on the tile work.Team Tile and stone did a Knock out job. The job was absolutely Perfect. Great price and we are really happy. Thank You team Tile and Stone and Steve
