1	Because of this NNY I will never eat at another one. I wish I could leave no stars. I got served a hamburger with Brillo pad cooked in it. Then they only gave me 1/2 off the cost of my bill. Worthless. They should have comped the meal because I didn't finish it and was grossed out. Do not go to this NNY
4	I'm sorry to hear about the previous reviewer's experience at this NNY.  I"ve had nothing but very positive dining experiences at all of the locations I've tried (especially WestGate).  This location is literally around the corner from my house, however, I've only been here about 5-6 times in the four years I've lived here...I just don't generally head towards Power Rd, I go in the other direction towards San Tan Village.So, I have a cold and haven't eaten all day and I'm starving for real food.  NO SALADS!  This place seems to hit mark with sandwiches, so I order the Roast Beef BBQ Sliders with steak fries ($6.99)....they are positively delicious!  Three melt-in-your-mouth buns loaded with freshly shaved roast beef and topped with a tangy BBQ sauce.  I'm more than satisfied, but don't miss the grease of regular sliders.  The steak fries are perfectly fried and salted (gosh, I love fried food!) and completely compliment the sliders.  My dining companion orders the Torpedo sandwich which is served open faced with italian dressing.  He devours it, so I can only assume that it's really good.I glanced at their Happy Hour menu which offers $2 beers and $3-4 appetizers M-F from 3-7, I'll have to check it out!
3	Hey what in cool place in Queen Creek! It's totally off the beaten path, tucked away in a lonely strip mall corner. We've lived here almost 2.5 years and I never knew about this place! I was soooooo sick of Uncle Bears this came as a refreshing suprise...Thursday night happy hour is 1.50 domestic beers and 2.99 chicken strippers. Wow, that's cheap for strippers! haha Anyway try the honey hot! they are yummy! Great place, friendly bartenders and a bar area that separates the restaurant. The place was packed, we met some great people! Give this place a try, totally worth it. I know we will be back again!
4	Always a good time @ Native New Yorker, the beer is always a deal, the service here at this NYY is always great, NIkki is the best bartender by the way, and you just cant beat the specials.  Just give it a try!
4	Fast friendly service. Standard Native New Yorker food
2	standard sports bar. met a friend here for lunch. we were seated right away. it was pretty crowded and we had just beat the lunch rush. theres tons of flat screens throughout the restaurant so its good if you want to go there to catch a game. not so good if you're trying to talk to a friend. maybe it was just today that there was a really obnoxious loud mouth yelling every 5 minutes. but i guess that should be expected at a sports bar. the food was pretty standard. the chicken strips were pretty good. but it took forever to get our food. service was lacking. we only saw our waitress when she took our order and when we got the check. she never came to check on us at all.
4	The location is perfect, next doors to our dentist... and I think their chicken is awesome... the Spicy Honey Mustard and Asiago Parmesan... also MUST TRY.... their homemade Asiago Chips... nice!!!
2	It's a really good crowd there and the food is better than just pub grub. I give them two stars because the place is posted (No Firearms) and you can no longer smoke on the patio. If those are of no concern to you then you will like the place just fine. I'm going to The Gym.
5	I've only been to this said location twice, but each time, I got what I wanted, the waitresses were very friendly, and the place wasn't packed. I guess we timed it right or something, I don't know. As far as the Native New Yorker branch in general, I give this place a 10 star because Native New yorker is delicious! I've went here with my family ever since I was little and each place has the same, delicious tasting wings, yum!  I know a lot of places suggest Buffalo Wild Wings, another great wing restaurant, but I just gotta have me my Native New Yorker wings, Sorry! This restaurant is indeed hidden, as another poster mentioned but if you're looking for a Native New Yorker, you'll see it....lol.
3	This Native is a little on the scuzzy side.  On occasion there is a strong stench.  It smells like dirty mop water.  The food is typical bar food, however the drinks are relatively cheap.  Some of their televisions are hard to watch, so I wouldn't go out of my way to watch a game there.  Good place to go on a budget.
4	Any time I get the hankering for wings, this is my go to place.  Honey Hot, Asagio Parmesan, and Hot. There are several places on my way home to stop at.  I have telephone numbers for all the locations in my phone.  I can order about 15 minutes ahead of time and it is ready at take out window when I get there. They have nice bars. Good selections of beers.  And the one on Signal Butte particularly has nice bar for watching games.
3	It stinks like a dirty mop in this joint, WTF?That three star rating is for their awesome wedge salad. Yep, I said it. I love the wedge salad and that's about it.  I would order it again but everything else was just meh.  We had the hot boneless strippers to share.  They we're okay.  Nothing special, nothing to write home about.  Just like hot wings, err chicken strips, that you would order at any other restaurant. I shared half of the California Cluck with my sister.  Basically this is your average chicken breast sandwich with bacon, cheese, and avocado on a ciabatta bun.  Again, an emphasis on average and I'm glad we shared.  Aside from the stench, which you eventually get use to.  The service was pretty good.  All the drinks stayed full and the food came out fast.  We were in a hurry so that was a huge plus.  I'd probably go back for cold beers, that awesome wedge salad and some wings to watch a game.  But I'd definitely leave the women and children at home.
1	I am sick to my stomach!!  I just had a bug on the lemon in my water.  When addressed with the manager Dan he was unprofessional and failed to provide any sympathy and or apology on behalf of the restaurant. He comped the POTATO CHIPS on our bill!!. I understand stuff happens however its the tact in how the situation is handled when something does go wrong that will make or break the after thoughts of your customer. I will NOT be returning to this restaurant
4	Well, in looking at the past reviews It was confirmed why we haven't been in probably a year or so!!  But yesterday, decided to try our luck again, it was late and other than fast food in the area we took our chances.........WE WERE PLEASINGLY surprised the place looked about the same "THEY REALLY NEED TO UPDATE", but the bathroom was definitely remodeled it was pretty and CLEAN most of all.We both ordered Chicken Tender Plates and we got alot of tenders (unusual for chicken tenders) and it was absolutely DELICIOUS.......The best I might of ever had to be quite honest anywhere.  All the condiments were fresh and our waitress was exceptionally nice.SO I WOULD DEFINITELY GIVE IT A THUMBS UP SO GIVE IT A TRY and I am the most pickey consumer around especially at restaurant establishments.
5	When we are in the area, we always stop at this place.  My wife loves the Asiago Parmesan chicken wings.  On Tuesdays, they sell for 55 cents each.  We've always had good service too.
1	This was the worse I have experienced here.   First we came in and was sat at a dirty table with ketchup on the side.  Was given 2 sets of silverware but there was 3 of us unless it was intended for my daughter to each with her fingers.  Secondly,  it took my hubby 15 mins to get his soup. Thirdly,  it took another 25 mins to get our dinner. I ordered the strippers with onion straws instead of crispy fries,  hubby ordered pasta and my daughter had pasta. Their food came our hot and mine was Luke warm at best with fries were not crispy at all.   The server offered to bring out the straws and asked if we need anything else.   Yes cheese for the pasta.   The straws and cheese came out about 10 mins.  I was almost done with the chicken stripper.   I do have to credit the manager to comp 20% of the bill = $6.  I will not go back to this location even though I love the wings.
1	Dated decor,  servers that never know the specials.. or care.  Food is ok.  Really a bland and boring place to go.
1	this is one of the most disgusting restaurants I have ever eaten in. WE AREHERE visiting our winter home in Queen Creek, ordered lettuce chickenWraps and burgers and discovered the meat tasted acrid, close to beingSpoiled and we are all laying around with severe heartburn and a stomachache as we speak. we are from Chicago and have some of the finest food in the world, and truly have discovered that QC is not a place for peopleWho love truly good food. I have never seen so  many fast food restaurantsIn one area.  Truly sad.    Do NOT EAT AT THIS PLACE! the best partWas that the.manager came by and took our plates away and did not Charge us for the food.............be careful,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
4	Good wings and excellent take out service. If you like crispy wings be sure to order them well done. I prefer them meaty and moist so they tend to cook them perfect for me. Strawberry Hot and Thai are my favorite flavors. The potatoe skins are boats like you dream of. Be sure to add that to your order.
2	We ordered chicken wings and fries in this visit.  There's a special on Sundays-$.49 wings.  The wings were pretty crispy, but the sauces were nothing special but for the price it was not bad.  The wings we tried were medium (tastes like franks hot sauce), salt and pepper ( too salty), lemon pepper (too salty), Asiago parmasean (loved these!!), Asian garlic (very disappointing, had a strange after taste-- don't try), and BBQ ( you can get better bbq sauce from grocery store).  I would have given 3 stars for the food but the service was really slow and our server was not very attentive.  So 2 stars it is!
1	Came in for lunch on Monday and stood at the door for a few minutes then we just decided to seat out selves. When the waitress came we ordered right away cause we always order the same thing, 1 dozen wings, the waitress had 4 tables and our drinks were empty the whole time until I waved at her and asked for a refill. The wings took 32 minutes!!! For lunch!
4	The food is alright, not so much the pizza :( the place is a smaller restaurant, but it was nice. I noticed right the manager walking around interacting with the customers from the moment we were seated. He was a nice younger fella, really nice. Our waitress, Renee (?) was super nice too and attentive. I heard the family in front of us complaining and all I hope is that the manager and Renee didn't take it personally because this was just an unhappy bunch.... I'll probably go back, especially on 39 cents WingsTuesday
1	I really dislike it when i go to a resturant and do not get acknowledged. 10 min. Is just too long.  Then to serve tepid beer and not offer a glass.  Not good...not good.
