5	Dr. Rooh is fantastic. My fiancee and I have been going to him for a few months now and he has done wonders for our back pain and headaches. The trick is to stick with the treatment schedule and the more you go, the better you feel. I would recommend Dr. Rooh to anyone. He's very friendly, jovial and really makes you feel at ease before doing the treatment. I often like to tease him and call him my "crack dealer" since he is so good at cracking my back and neck.
5	Dr. Rooh is fantastic!! I have scoliosis and have suffered with sever migraines due to it. I started seeing Dr. Rooh about a year ago now and I have only had one migraine and that was relieved by an adjustment. I had tried everything and was a skeptic on trying another chiropractor again. I had the " Been there tried that" attitude. I took a chance being I needed to get some kind of relief. After the first visit I was sold! I love that his office is personal and he takes the time to get to know you. I get an adjustment once a week now. I had to go back home for a month and I definitely felt the difference of not being adjusted weekly. I wouldn't dream of going to another chiropractor!
5	Painful to pain free in just days.  Dr Rooh, is fun, capable, professional and reasonable in his practice.  I have a severe congenital spinal defect that presented with severe pain one morning.  I called Dr. Rooh in the morning and he began my treatment that afternoon.  After just a few quick visits I went from walking with great effort and needing a stem machine to exercising and regular daily movements.  I have seen several Chiropractors over the years from NJ to California to AZ, but If you need a good chiropractor who cares call Dr. Rooh.
5	Dr Rooh is great! I've been seeing him for a few years, he's very reasonable and goes out of his way to be available. I leave there always feeling better than when I went in:)
5	Dr. Rooh has literally put me back together like Iron Man :) with his caring work as a chiropractor.When I first came to see him I was experiencing intense sciatic pain and would have to crawl up the up the steps in the morning just to take a bath and ease my muscles.  I tried sports massage and rehab in the past and it had not worked so I was skeptical if seeing a chiropractor would work.On my first visit/consultation Dr. Rooh was great at communicating with me and showing that he cared and offered some simple solutions.  In the beginning I needed to see him pretty regularly because I had done a lot of damage stocking shelves on the night shift.  Over the course of a few months I started to feel the pain slowly alleviate.It has been 7 years since I started seeing him and I now feel like a new person.   I can run, workout and function like a regular person again. If your looking for a quality chiropractor in Chandler, try Dr. Rooh first.  He cares, he is patient and  has personally given me a whole body approach to health and wellness that has given me a new lease on life.
5	My lower back was killing me and I needed an adjustment badly. Dr Rooh did a great job working on my back and found other areas that I wasn't even aware of that needed attention. Thank you Dr. Rooh!
