4	I happen to like Starbucks. no matter what all the haters say. It's consistent , they make my drink perfect every time and the girls here are always friendly in the morning. They can get busy, so I don't really like the line, but when I want a drink that I know I'm gonna enjoy I'll definitely stop here knowing it will be worth the wait. I LOVE their Green Tea and recently found them to make a very tasty Dirty Chai. It's definitely the spiciest chai I've had, also one of the strongest espresso's too. I like the spice and when I'm really in need of a super boost it's good to know I can stop in for my crack in a cup! ;-)
4	It is Startbucks. Just like in your neighborhood.
4	Great place and the people there know how to make your special drink.  What's awesome is that we go there so much that they know our name and drink.  That alone makes ya feel special.The only thing that I hate about this location is they close at 7PM.. I know?!Get there early in the morning!
3	This is a fairly decent Starbucks, and I know they are all supposed to be pretty consistent because it's a giant corporation now but if you've ever visited one on a highway rest stop you would wonder if it's actually the same thing.  The coffee at this one was good, not too bitter, and it sure as heck beats the free coffee in the lobby of the Marriott.
3	Not too busy mid-day. Lots of indoor and outdoor seating.
4	After a recent remodel, this edition of the Global Living Room has tons of new electrical outlets for us mobile officegoers. That and coffee!
4	I started working right across the street from this Starbucks a couple weeks ago and it's been dangerous to my finances but great for my Skinny Caramel Macchiato fix!  Almost all of the baristas I've come across have been friendly, there was just one guy who seemed kind of bored but he wasn't rude or anything.  My drinks are always made quickly and correctly.
5	I went to this location for my very first time yesterday and being it was my birthday, I got my free birthday drink. I went with the Passion Tea Lemonade since I wanted something to tie me over until dinner and not to mention, being it was triple-digit weather outside, I was wanting something cold and refreshing. The crew here was really friendly and helpful and I got my drink within 5 minutes time. Very good service.
3	I am not really a fan of Starbucks but it was the only place I saw open.  The sevice was good and the lattee hit the spot.
4	Come here every morning! What's not to love.
5	I love it here. The staff is always friendly and pretty speedy. I go every morning before work for coffee. I love that some of the baristas even remember my order. I have the gold card so every 12th drink I get a free item. Who doesn't love starbucks? The only thing this location is lacking is a drive-thru. That would make it perfect!
5	Another great Starbucks location!  The staff is very welcoming and they remember like things about you to be a little personal.  I usually have my drink ready for me when I get through the line and I know I can expect excellence everytime I stop there.
5	Greatest Starbucks on earth. Baristas are awesome and they keep it personal by remembering my name.
4	Very typical Starbucks, but with some very comfy leather chairs. Clean environment with friendly staff.  On par with the better Starbucks locations.
3	Starbucks are pretty even as they come....but this did happen on my visit here:Barista: "This was made for you, with love"Manager: "No whip"Barista: "Damn"*removes whip*Barista: "Still made with love"Nothing like a cup of coffee with a side of sweetness/humor at 7am.
3	This Starbucks is in very close proximity to my work so it is the one that usually go to by default. It is just okay in terms of customer service. I have had good customer service and bad. Today I remembered that I needed to get a cup of ice water after I had ordered my drink and I politely asked the barista if she could possibly get me an ice water along with the drink I was waiting on, they were not busy at this time so it really should not have been a problem and usually isn't at most Starbucks. Today the barista seemed quite irritated that I had asked for water after ordering. I have also had good customer service with one of the cashiers personally bringing me out my sandwich on a plate. I thought that was such a nice touch and very unexpected for a Starbucks! Overall it seems like it really depends on who is working and what kind of service you will get will vary. I will still come back because apparently I like paying ridiculously high prices for mediocre coffee.
3	The coffee and pastries are typical of Starbucks, so surprises there. But my beef with this location is he lack of friendly customer service. Besides a couple of wonderful times chatting with an overtly friendly voice on the drive thru intercom, I usually feel pushed through the process like a cow in a herd, and when I get to the window it is more about taking my money and tossing me my goods to move on to he car behind me.
4	Nothing bad to say about this Starbucks.  Typical Starbucks inside and out.  Stopped in early to get a coffee and breakfast sandwich.  Quite a few people in line, but my drink and sandwich was prepared quickly and came out hot!  Enjoyed my breakfast at an outdoor table surfing with their free wifi.  Nice to find a Starbucks close to my hotel.
