2	2.5 starsI've gone with my mother to buy appliances here. It was a good experience. They're on the bottom floor.My last trip? Not the best.They have some funny clothes here. I spent almost 10 min laughing at just 1 jacket. I'm not even going to describe it just in case someone reads this who bought 1 of those jackets. Those clothes provided some good laughs at the end of my mall roving trip.There are NO mirrors! I don't want to have to go into a dressing room just to see what a jacket looks like. I couldn't find a mirror to save my life! Really, the only mirror is the big round 1 close to the ceiling so people can watch for shoplifters. W... T... F...The restrooms were a disaster! Just gross. There are 2 sinks but only 1 mirror in there too. What's with Sears & mirrors?!Anyway, I saw 1 shirt that was semi cute. Maybe if I was more country plaid style... Too bad it was the last 1, & a small. Like my boobs would fit in that?! Pfsh! Ha!
5	I went here yesterday and had a really great experience! I was on a mission to purchase a treadmill. I was over in the section for only a minute or two when Randy, a sales associate approached me and asked if I needed help. I asked him the few questions I had, satisfied with the answers I told him which one I wanted to purchase. He rang me up and sent me on my way to the pick up area. The pick up area is pretty dismal, but Sears goal is to not have you wait. you walk in and scan your receipt under a bar code reader, a monitor displays the progress of your order. In less then 50 seconds (And this is not an exaggeration, as the screen was counting down how long the process would take) Wes was walking through the double doors with my brand new treadmill! He loaded it up in my car and off I went! The whole purchasing process from beginning to end was MAYBE 30 minutes total! Totally great experience!
4	Recently they had a new employee and he did not know how to perform online order pickups.  And he turned off the 5 minute timer, then 8 minutes later came out with my item.  Fail.  The manager corrected the situation with their promised $5 coupon for not having the item within 5 minutes and spoke with the employee.  This was appreciated and thus the 4/5 stars instead of less.  Otherwise the online pickup is quite good and the regular employees are very good at their job back there.  They don't fool around, likely the $5 5 minute promise helps with that.
2	Okay, It's a Sears.  This location is about as exciting as the rest of Metro Center has become over the years.  Pretty sad, really.  About a small step up from the Desert Sky Mall location, this Sears is where I go to pick up my online purchases so I don't have to pay shipping.  Downside?  Um, I picked up an order today and I received 4 pair of pants WITH NO bag!!!!  Just handed me four pairs of jeans and buh bye.  It's really odd.  You walk in and have to either scan your receipt or slide the credit card through the slider that you placed the order with.  Then it tells you to have a seat and then a person brings your order out.  I'm kinda surprised at that point that your order doesn't just shoot out from a hole in the wall!The entire store is like a mausoleum with hardly any employees around.  I like getting my daughter's jeans here but other than that?  What do I like?  Not so much.  I guess it's good for appliances.  Yeah.  appliances.
4	Optical department is awesome. They have fixed my glasses for free three times. They have a awesome machine that scans your eyeballs to make sure you prescription is spot on. The appliances are great have bought all of them here and had no trouble. Love my conventional microwave you should buy one from when you want oven food without heating up your whole house.
4	This review is for the automotive repair area. I had a dead battery.  Y husband charged my battery and the idea was, I needed to get from downtown, in rush hour traffic, without allowing the car to turn off. I made it. Becky and a very long haired tech took care of me in less than 30 minutes and the new battery was FREE as it was under warranty.Tip: Living in Phoenix, I generally go thru a battery every two years. If you get the DieHard battery at Sears you get free replacements for the length of your warranty (after 3 years it's pro-rated).
1	I knew better, but.... It was easy to shop because there is not many people in the aisles. They were all jammed in the three checkouts, each with one frazzled clerk. I left my purchases there along with another customer. So long Sears.
1	After doing a lot of homework and research on the biggest bang for the buck, knowing I wouldn't be using a chainsaw on a regular basis, I went with the Blue Max Combo. The first time I used the saw, I cut down part of a 16" tree branch that was about 12' long. Needless to say the saw had no troubles and performed like a champ, only taking about 20 minutes to get everything cut up into 16" lengths. I emptied all the gas/oil mix from the tank and ran the carb empty as I wasn't sure when I would be using the saw again.    9 months later, I needed the saw. I put in all new gas/oil and after about the 30th pull or so, I finally got it to fire and run. I was able to run it for about 5 minutes cutting up some 4" branches. After 5 minutes the saw stopped. After continuously trying to get it restarted for 3 days, I finally gave up. I took the saw to 2 different highly recommended small engine repair shops and they both told me the same thing almost word for word. " We can't fix it, that saw is Chinese garbage. Take the saw back to Sears, they should take it back."    I took the saw back to the same store, with receipt in hand, and explained to them what was going on. BUT.. due to company policy, 50 days had past since purchase and they would not allow me to return it. I don't think I need to explain the words exchanged with the manager after not even getting 2 uses out of the saw. Sears will guarantee a life time replacement on the AMERICAN products that they sell, but not on anything else, including the saw. Lesson learned....... Never buy from Sears again, and never buy a Boy Toy to do a mans job. Now I am off to spend $500 on a Stihl saw which is what I should have done in the 1st place.My recommendation is to NOT buy this saw because of the value. It is valued because it is a foreign made saw, and once it stops working, that's it, its junk, you have to throw the saw away and the $189+ you paid for it. Needless to say, I won't be spending my $ at Sears ever again either.
3	I've read the reviews on this store and was a little hesitant at first because the phone customer service for all Sears stores misinformed me that an item that I saw online was going to be there for me to pay immediately and pick it up on the same day.  I didn't like being deceived because she just wanted me to go there and waste time, and order out from the warehouse to the Metrocenter location. :(  I was surprised the sales people there helped me order on a Saturday and I asked to have it delivered to the store which arrived on Wednesday in four days.  Cool!  Don't ever believe the phone customer service, they are deceitful.
5	I had recently moved into a new home during San Diego's annual heatwave and was having a really tough time finding air conditioners that fit our sliding windows. My family was really suffering in the heat. On September 18, 2014 I contacted the appliance department at the at the Metro Center Sears to inquire about two refurbished Kenmore 12,000-BTU sliding/casement air conditioners that I had found on clearance through the sears outlet website. The first associate that picked up the phone just left me on hold. The second associate to pick up was a very pleasant young lady named Lindsay Crnkovich. She immediately took charge and did her best to answer all of my questions. She was very patient, considerate and eager to please. Lindsay located both units, turned them on to ensure that they worked, inspected them for damage, located screws/hardware and even took detailed photos which she sent to my phone. She did such a great job at making me feel confident about the units I decided to make the purchase and drive 370 miles from San Diego to Phoenix to pick them up. When I arrived at the merchandise pick-up area the staff was very professional and helpful. The gentleman who was on shift at the time went out of his way to find some tape to reinforce the boxes and help me load them into my car. I even got to speak with Julia (Lindsays supervisor) to let her know how great of a job Lindsay did. Julia was also very helpful and informative. She explained to me the benefits of the extended service plans and the different options available to me. I will most likely add these plans in the future. I want to thank everyone that I encountered at the store that day. Both AC units were in great shape and didn't seem refurbished at all. As I write this review I am sitting in a nicely cooled living room and I'm very grateful for it. Thank you!
2	I ordered some work boots online and when I received them, they were damaged. I returned them to this store for exchange, but they did not have my size in stock. It took the young lady FOREVER to find the order in her computer. Then she had to call the manager and I had to wait an additional amount of time. Then he had to leave and try and get my refund processed. I can't help but understand why Sears is in such financial trouble. They just are not what they used to be.
