3	The intersection of Tatum and Shea has several grocery stores to choose from, this Albertson's-Osco, being one of them. Unfortunately, it is the least updated and doesn't offer a lot of specialty items, but does have your standard selection of a bakery, deli counter, meat counter, pharmacy, and a small wine and liquor section. My favorite detail of the store is the fact that they don't have a self-checkout station. They employee enough cashiers and baggers to get the lines moving quickly instead of making you work for groceries. As much as I love Tetris and fitting as many items into a bag as possible, I don't want to do that anymore, put in my time as a courtesy clerk at age 16. Thanks Albertson's!  The store itself is always clean and the staff is friendly.Just as a side note, I love the Monopoly game they offer and am determined to win one of these days....
4	This location is clean and close to home. I like that you don't need a loyalty card to get deals while shopping here. The staff is very friendly and when there are to many folks in line they call out "Three's a Crowd" over the loud speaker to get back up check out help.
4	Now while this location is near my home.....there are several other shopping choices nearby. They include Fry's.....whole foods......and Trader Joes. However with that being said here is the best thing about Albertsons.....you don't need a club card or special account in order to get all the great deals that are available. Now while it does not have the deals that other stores have.....it is clean....well lit....and the customer service is very good. I personally like the fact they have great deals on the produce, deli products....and fresh fish on a regular basis. Those items alone will keep me coming back. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
4	This Albertsons-osco has been here forever! The staff here is super friendly and very informative if u have questions about products they may or may not carry. This location is usually pretty well organized and clean... The restrooms could use in upgrade and a good deep clean but besides that this Albertsons isn't bad. They have a great selection of liquor and wine and even have an option to mix match six packs of specialty beer. Always a good option for those beer drinkers out there. They also give a discount (10% off) of six bottles of wine or more. Not too shabby. Great selections of meats and they often have deals like buy one get TWO FREE, or some deal that you just can't beat! Also check the front of the store and random isles for the deals of the week and such. All is all great customer service, fresh produce and clean location that often has tons of deals! Keep up the good work Albertsons PV crew!
4	Great place to shop for dairy products, especially eggs and milk.  The problems with this grocery store is that they do not do double coupons, they only do face values.  Overall service was great and fast.  Wish the one on Tatum & Greenway are still open, now I need to drive an extra 4 miles to get there.  Such a bummer.
