5	Amazing freshly made products. If you love peanutbutter try the peanutbutter bark or the mountian bark :-)
4	After lunch with my family, we wanted to get something sweet. We were gonna go to Slickables like we always do for some ice cream, but I remembered driving by this palace and always wanted to stop by. I checked in on Yelp, like I always do when I go somewhere and they had a deal, $10 for $20 worth of goodies, so I thought why not that's a SUPER deal. My cousin and I split the voucher so we each paid $5 for $10 worth of goodies. I got some sugar free chocolates, which also happened to be 25% off, coconut caramel candy apple, which was 50% off, a bottle of water, a bag of honey roasted peanuts, a cup of gelato, and 2 packs of pop rocks. The candy apple was DELISH! They also had home made fudge, different varieties and the good thing was that we were able to sample all of them! I recommend the Rasberry Swirl, that was pretty good. If your looking for some good gelato, try the mango! I also like the fact that they had unique drinks and chocolate. They had bacon soda to beef jerky chocolate, I don't know if I would ever try them, but I know someone out there would!
3	Customer service could have been better.  No smile no greeting... we just left without ordering.
4	Nice shop down mill if you are craving sweets the candy apples are my favorite! The customer service was good they greeted us, let us sample the chocolate and ice creams.
5	You simply cannot miss this place! My daughter and I went here on a recent Friday. She had a Root Beer Float which was perfect after the long walk we took in the hot city. I had The Sweet Shoppe & Nut House. I am a true ice cream expert and this was some of the best I have eaten! A large bowl with mint ice cream that had huge chunks of chocolate, a layer of marshmallow cream, Creme de menthe and chocolate drizzled on top...heaven and I will be back!
5	Who doesn't love chocolate? This is a small mom and pop store. The owners started their first shop in Flagstaff and now opened their second in Phoenix.  I personally loved the Gelato.  If you enjoy the taste of malt, I recommend the malt flavor since it's so unique and different.
4	Arrived with no reservations, were invited to take a seat in bar area if we wished to eat immediately, which we did. Service was excellent. We shared some Calamari for starters which was nice enough, with two dips which were both lovely. I then had a king parwn Caesar salad, which was simple and not drenched in sauce. My partner had a burger, which was probably slightly undercooked for her medium request, but tased absolutely terrific.
5	This is an awesome extension of the Flagstaff sweet shop! This is an amazing company with amazing sweets! We usually make a special trip to the Sweet Shop when we visit Flag, but now we have our own in Tempe!  What's good? EVERYTHING!  The fudge is super fresh, just ask for a sample! They have some great combos too... chocolate covered chips!!! Lots of peppermint bark during the holidays.  Super tasty carmel and dipped marshmallows! I snagged some dog treats for my pups too!!!And last but not least Gelato! So many flavors, again, ask for samples... but pistachio is the best!!!
5	Oh sweet goodness, I could visit this sweet shop everyday but considering my will power isn't what it used to be, I should probably try to stop myself. However once you walk inside you will see why I'm so tempted! Owned by a lovely couple who also owns one in Flagstaff, this shop is full of sweets galore - fudge, chocolate, candied apples, chocolate dipped pretzels, chocolate dipped marshmallows, fun candy, treats for your dog and they even create custom baskets. Everything is delicious but my favorite items are the chocolate candies, the candied apples and the fudge. The prices are very reasonable as well, which is good for my wallet but not for my waste line! I can't wait to continue visiting this shop!
5	Hello sugar goodness!  Everyone loves a candy shop but this one takes it to the next level.  The owners of this cute shop make you feel at home with their home made chocolates, fudge, and other amazing goodies.  Even the doggies will have custom treats prepared.  They offer various gelato flavors as well.This location is an extension of the Flagstaff location.  I should probably visit Flagstaff more.  I didn't know they have such gems as this shop.  Best fudge I have tasted in a long time.  You can tell the best ingredients and love go into all the treats they make.  My favorite treat is the Dark Chocolate Caramels with Sea Salt.  I could eat a whole tray.  No really, I could.  Words cannot express how delicious the caramel and chocolate are together.  If you want to share these goodies with friends and family, they offer custom basket at reasonable prices.  I don't know why anyone wouldn't stop in for a treat.
