5	Children's Safari is top notch.  Their teacher-to-child ratios are lower than the state mandates, which is the number one reason I chose them to care for my son.  Plus, Kathy (owner) and Pamela (director) really, really care about the children.  They're nice, professional, attentive to detail, and pretty much all of the things you want in a daycare provider.  The facility is new and impeccably clean.  Everything is spot on.  I just can't say enough good things about them....
5	I stayed at home with my son for his first year, then he went to his grandma to get watched, so putting him in a daycare was extremely hard for me.  I have heard horror stories so I was EXTREMELY picky in who I chose to leave him with.  I am so HAPPY I chose Children's Safari.  My son was having a hard time with his speech, and since going there he knows his letters, alphabet, numbers, and he won't stop talking now!  He is soooo happy there, and I just adore his teachers.  My son started when he was 2 years old, and turned 3 now so he will be moving up in classes soon.  They have been so helpful with potty training him as well, and I just can't thank them enough.  My friend also does photography for all the day cares, and when I told her who watched my son she said she was so happy I chose Children's Safari because they are in her top 3 day cares around the entire valley (Phoenix, Peoria included).  Children's Safari is not the cheapest, however the quality is there and that is what you are paying for.  I am a single mother so saving money is a must, but this is one expense I won't sacrifice.  My son will definitely be here until he goes to school.  Thank you Kathy and Children's Safari!!!!!
1	The school is painted in a dark, depressing green, with green, brown floors. No colors, no light...very scary to a child. The smell of dirty diapers was OVER WHELMING. I observed a teacher who knew I was watching her take care of 8 little kids on her own and she literally spent her time pulling toys out of their hands and walking around with a scowl on her face. It was dirty, smelly and depressing. I felt bad leaving the poor children behind when I left.
5	Just wanted to update on Children's Safari.  I took my son out of daycare because I had left my job so I didn't need it anymore.  Well when I went to re-enroll my son the daycare was full at the moment.  So I had to take my son to another daycare that was affordable.  I found one in Chandler, and it was the same price range.  I had called other places, and they were WAY more expensive than Children's Safari. The one I found in Chandler was about the same price as Children's Safari.  This daycare in Chandler provided lunch, and you didn't have to pay when your child was out sick.  I thought it was going to be great. WRONG.  My son was in there two days and I vowed to never take him back.  The teachers would yell at the children (in front of me and other parents so who knows how they were after I left), were rude, and there was no security system in place.  When I got there peoples' information were sitting on the desk in a folder with social security, contact, address information, etc.  I was mortified. Anyone could just walk in and enter any of the classrooms.  Thank GOD, I got a call that Children's Safari had an opening when I took him out of the Chandler place.  I was BEYOND relieved.  Kathy provides a CLEAN environment, I have NEVER seen any questionable behavior by any of the teachers, it smells great (the other places I toured had a horrible old smell to it), and you can't get through the front door to the classrooms without a fingerprint and password.  I truly don't think you can find a better daycare.  Please try this daycare out.  You won't regret it.
