3	Unfortunately, this is the most conveniently located theater to me in Tempe. It's older, pre airline style seat with nice arm rests. the old school chairs do rock back a bit, for some reason i never understood.anyway, this is surely a college area theater, and there are plenty of groups of sorority sisters catching the new cameron diaz romantic comedy lame fest or frat boys hooting it up for Beer Fest, so be wary if you're going to see a movie like that during the week. On weekends it's more teenagers who come to Mill from the suburbs with moms money, and they can be just as loud - god save you if you go to a horrow movie here on a Friday night!it's such a nice location and easy to get to. if you park in the garage (direct entrances off of Ash and University, indirect entrances off of 7th), you'll have to pay $1 on weekend nights, or you can park at any of slowly diminishing free if it's validated lots nearby (giving way to high rise condos one by one). it's just a dollar, so save yourself the walk.if you have your student ID from when you were in college, or actually are in college, you get a discount (works at almost any theater, actually).
1	If it weren't for the location, there'd be no reason to go to this theatre. I went this past weekend with my family. Firstly, the escalators were broken and the only open concession was upstairs. We took the elevator. Then, after some indecision, I settled on something to eat - only to find out they don't have it! My dad, always the funny one, said, "They even have prices for what they don't sell. And pictures too!" We got our treats, found our theatre and claimed our seats. I walked next door while I munched and waited for my previews to start. The room next to ours felt like a sauna. Poor movie goers. That would suck to be stuck in a 85-degree room on a 105 degree day. Ugh. Bathrooms were typical - no surprises there. There are many other BETTER theatres to venture to on the weekend, or any other day, for that matter. I wouldn't recommend this place, unless you're already on Mill, you got your parking validated and you simply can't justify going somewhere else.
3	Location, location, location. Mill Avenue's Harkins Centerpoint has one of the best locations in Arizona. The theatre is located on Mill Avenue, a popular college street, which is a hop, skip and a jump away from campus. And I'm a fan because it's pretty close to where I live. If you're looking for luxury, try the new Harkins at Tempe Marketplace. But if you enjoy quiet, peaceful theatres, you'll like it here even with the old seats and lack of grub. Even though it's close to campus, the theatre is rarely crowded, which makes it nice when you're running late and don't want to battle the crowds. It's also a nice theatre to go catch a flick by yourself.
2	This theatre is a great place to go catch a movie if you want to have dinner and drinks afterward on Mill Avenue. If not, you should go to another theatre. Also, if you don't like to fight crowds to watch a movie, then this would be a good theatre. It never seems very crowded.First, no stadium seating. I think I'm spoiled because back in Ohio, all of our AMC theatres had stadium seating. The chairs were nice and comfy and made you want to snuggle in them especially if the movie was going to be 2+ hours. The Harkins on Mill has the old movie theatre seats, and I had to move around quite a bit during our 1 hour and 40 minute movie so my butt wouldn't fall asleep.  Second, only one concession stand was open and the selection was pretty limited. Prices were standard movie theatre prices...my medium drink was $4.00.The worst part of this theatre is that because it is located so close to ASU, it means that annoying frat-tastic douchebags go to this theatre to watch movies. You know, the really annoying guys who a) feel that they are the only person there so they talk super loud before the movie starts, as if I really care about their sex life, b) talk incessently through the movie, as if I really care about their feelings on what is going on, and c) get up constantly during the movie because they probably snuck beer into the theatre and now have to go to the bathroom. The few times I have gone here to watch a movie, I have been stuck with these kind of guys in the theatre and it makes the experience horrible. I mean, if I'm already watching a crappy movie (ahem, Spiderman 3), I don't want to have it worsened with jerks chit-chatting through the movie.
