4	I had my very first Wolfman Pizza experience last night.  I visited the one in the Cotswold shopping plaza.  It was a little smaller than I expected in there, but the few tables they had were enough to accommodate the number of people, making it look "full."  There wasn't a lot of atmosphere and/or decor, but it was Kids (10 and under) Eat Free Tuesday and there was a "Balloon Artist" there making balloon creatures for kids of all ages (don't forget to tip!).  And the two TVs were playing "Herbie, the Love Bug."The menu was pretty extensive for a pizza place, and I had a hard time narrowing down my choices because even the creative sandwiches and salads sounded good.  We ended up splitting the 12" Cheeseburger Cheeseburger pizza, which gave both of us 3 good-sized pieces each.  The pizza was topped with "secret cheeseburger sauce, ground beef, bacon, roma tomatoes, mushrooms, cheddar and mozzarella cheeses."  The chunks of bacon really added to the flavor, as did the secret cheeseburger sauce, whatever it was.  I was impressed.
4	For a consistently good pizza, Wolfman is our top choice in the area. The restaurant has interesting decor, although is a bit small, which isn't a problem for us as we tend to carryout or have the food delivered. The delivery almost always occurs prior to the timeline given, and the delivery guy has always been very friendly.Wolfman pizza really is the best in the Cotswold area, and the breadsticks with three dip options are also very good. We generally get a salad with our meal (have to throw in some greens for at least a small attempt at healthiness), and the greek salad with dressing is a solid choice. We've tried the pepperoni, extra cheese, and the veggie pizza and have not been disappointed. On top of pizza, there is an extensive menu of pasta and sandwich options, which we've yet to try as the pizza is always so good.Only downside is that Wolfman doesn't really offer "deals" like some of the other chains, so can be a bit pricey. But if you're looking for good pizza and breadsticks, and don't mind paying full price, the Wolfman in Cotswold is the place to go.
4	The guys behind the counter? Nice but stoned.The pizza? Expensive, high quality ingredients, good crust, affordable with the coupons they have. The mexican was great, the Thai was lacking flavor, and the BBQ chicken was pretty good! The salads? Borrrrrrrrrrrrring. Despite the descriptions, they're just lacking serious OOMPH!The breadsticks? Like Drake sang, "best i ever had... best i ever had..."The decor? Something about the lighting weirds me out.All in all? It's close, it's open late, I love coupons, I will keep coming back
2	I love Cheeseburger, Cheeseburger. There. I said it. I love the mustard sauce, the crust is killer, and it's one of the few times I actually, legitimately crave pizza. There's not a Wolfman's near my house, sadly, so I have to kinda drive across town to get it, which I happily do for that sauce. Wolfscetta as an app is okay - nothing to write home about, though the bread is tasty and it's well-flavoured, I always feel like it's a it heavier on the oil than necessary and a bit lighter on the tomato than I'd like. The balasmic that accompanies it, however, is pretty delish. The downside is that I went in this last weekend - lazy Sunday of running some minor errands with the hubby - and was really disappointed in the service. No, not 'cos they were stoned (which I doesn't actually bother me too much), but 'cos Jesus Crap, server - when I say "I need a minute" to check the menu, you don't have to TIME ME. Hovering tends also to be one of those qualities I don't relish in a server - I appreciate that you want to be attentive, but hanging out by the table is a little much, don't you think? I was cool, though - I know sometimes as a server when it's a dead restaurant, you just want to make sure you're giving the best service possible. I know we're the only table here, it's 7 hours til closing, and the skies just opened up with a monsoon - but I don't understand why, as my husband and I served up our first slices of pie, you thought that was a good time to ask if we'd want desert and choose to leave our check? Since it just began raining, did you think we might want to hang around and buy some more beer? Why didn't it occur to you that we might actually PAY YOU MORE MONEY when we can't see out of the window, due to the rain? Even more bizarre, I went to the ladies' room for a moment, and when I came out, the manager was hovering over our table, too, just behind my husband out of eyesight. Since - again - we were the ONLY TABLE IN THE PLACE, I couldn't help but ask if they needed to close up. I certainly didn't want to be the dick table that's keeping them there! But no - no shift change, no closing, so crush of people dying for our table. Just inept service that served to make me feel like I was unwelcome and they wanted me out of there as quickly as possible. Which kinda sucks, 'cos I can't get delivery to my house.
3	When I used to work in the area, I would stop in here fairly frequently for lunch. They offer a good deal for lunch - a salad & a slice at a good price.  You can also get a lunch punch card if you are a frequent visitor.  I really like the California salad and usually end up getting a plain cheese slice to go with it. I really prefer the Wolfman closer to home (better service and seemingly fresher ingredients), but this location is a-ok too.
4	Used the online delivery system to place on order. I have to say I am so happy for this option. I love having food delivered to my door, but hate having to actually speak to someone to make that happen (I blame this on living in NYC for so long and being able to order anything I wanted without having to speak to an actual person). I placed an order for a 10" pepperoni pizza and a side of breadsticks. The estimated delivery time was approximately an hour  and it took about the exact amount of estimated time. The food arrived hot and smelling delicious. They do not skimp on the pepperoni! The whole pizza was covered and it was well done which made them crispy, which happens to be my favorite way to eat pepperoni pizza and it was delicious!! The breadsticks were also super tasty and I enjoyed them with dinner and then again for breakfast the next morning! I will definitely be ordering from here again as I consider it a much better option that the chain places that deliver to my house.
1	First time trying their online ordering system for a delivery. They got both the pizza and the salad wrong.  When I say I don't like anchovies, I mean I don't like anchovies.  I didn't order anchovies.  I ordered artichokes.  I got anchovies.  Called the manager who did not even offer a hint of an apology but gave a small refund.  Luckily there are plenty of other places to choose from.
1	Kia the manager admitted that they serve two day old bread sticks and charge full price!!  I thought they were gross!!  My pizza was also wrong ordered with sundried tomatoes but nooo they put nasty roma tomatoes on it making it soggy due to the mass amount put on it!! I could have made a side of sauce!!!!!  Kia the manager is rude and told me I was wrong about because it is policy to serve old bread, news flash but policy or not old bread is old bread!!    Over all YUCKY!!!!!the next day 6/10/2012      I did not eat anything other than this pizza today and was up 1/2 the night with food poison!!!!!  eat at your own risk!!!  I want again!!!!
4	We have been coming here for pizza since we moved to Charlotte over a year ago and have always had a great experience. Our favorite/go to pizzas switch between the New Mexico and Five Meat pie....though again, everything we have tried has been great. We have both called our orders in and used the on-line ordering...never a problem with either. The Smores desert pie is amazing though we would like to see a few other desert pies (maybe on a rotating basis?)Since we live close we have always done take out so I can't speak to the dine-in experience.We always recommend people new to the area try here first if they are looking for a great pizza place.
5	Good place to get a slice during lunch. I finally checked out this place today. It was pretty quiet and tame this afternoon. We had a great waitress. Pizza was great. Interior is pretty neat too. Definitely worth going to one day.
3	Pretty basic pizza
5	Our bread sticks were fresh and excellent.  Everyone thought their pizzas were great.  They have changed it to only having two sizes of pizza small and large?
3	Met up with Nikki for a lunch date here, due to her having bought a Creative Loafing Deals deal for this Coltswold spot.  I have to say, it was around noon when I arrived and there was only a handful of people there.  By one, when we headed out, it was jammin!  So, it's a good lunch crowd.  The server was really great.  She was attentive and knowledgeable.  We split a Caesar salad and a White Wolfman pizza....the salad was o.k and while the pizza was tasty, we had to dunk ours in sauces that we requested (me-ranch and marinara; her-sour cream).......I would have liked a little more something on the pizza, but not sure what.  It was fresh and served at a good temperature.  Overall, I wouldn't be opposed to heading here when in the area.
3	Met up for a lunch date at the Cotswold location. Seems to be a happening lunch spot as the place filled up shortly after 12. Our server was simply amazing - very knowledgeable about the menu and took the time to suggest her favorites. Brandi and I decided to split the large Caesar salad and try the pie of the month, the white wolf. The Caesar was good but just your typically Caesar salad - although props to Wolfman for not drowning the salad in dressing. Appreciate that! The white wolf is a simple pizza, just what I wanted, with white sauce, basil and chopped tomatoes. All in all pretty tasty but there was hardly an sauce on it which made it pretty dry. Glad we requested sauces (sour cream for me, ranch for her) to make up for it. Looking at the menu, I'd love to try a panini (they sound delicious!) or another pizza, like the buffalo chicken. I'll definitely head back, seems like a great spot to grab a bite!
4	Problem: Pizza needs to eaten immediately after being removed from oven.Problem: We have young children (2 under 2) and eating at restaurants is problematic.Solution: Wolfman's Take and Bake.We're pizza fans in this house, and we take it seriously. So we don't do takeout or delivery pizza. Doesn't matter how good the pizza starts out; by the time it reaches you it's not at peak. So we love Wolfman's for this reason. The Take and Bake option works beautifully and produces very good pizza. We always get the same thing - sausage with extra sauce. Recommended for folks who like good pizza.
4	They have a great variety of pizzas way beyond the normal pepperoni and meat lovers options. The baked potato pizza is my favorite. My one complaint is that I ordered breadsticks once and they were really stale. Otherwise I've only had of experiences there.
2	After seeing so many positive reviews on here my husband and I decided to try this place for lunch one day.HUGE disappointment. The pizza tasted like we were eating leftovers and it was mediocre at best. We also tried the wings which tasted freezer burned and like they had been boiled and then tossed in sauce. I really wanted to like this place because the staff was so nice but was really disappointed in the quality of the food. The more I thought about it the more I felt like I got ripped off ($28 for leftover pizza and tasteless wings).Will not be visiting again.
4	Quick lunch while waiting for a prescription at the nearby Teeter. It was busy for lunchtime, but I was able to take a seat and place my order quickly. Lunch specials are either a slice and a salad or two slices, each with a soda. I chose the latter.Special slices rotate on a day by day basis, but today was the White Wolf (veggies and fresh basil) and the New York, New York (lots of meat). I went with one of each.Since the pizzas aren't made to order for the lunch special, it didn't take long for them to arrive at my table. The NY, NY was greasy as expected. The White Wolf was tasty and needed only a little shake of the red pepper to kick it up. Sadly, neither slice was especially hot when they arrived.It was okay for quick, but I think I liked the Pizza Peel nearby much better.
5	It's been there for years and I had never been. Finally went and wow was it good. Defiantly one of my new fav spots.
5	Fresh pizza dough, fresh ingredients straight from the farm and pizza combinations that you don't expect.  This was my first time eating here and it won't be the last. The staff is very friendly and took the time to explain all the combos and answer any questions we had.   Much better pizza than any I have had in recent memory.
5	Flavorful pizza.  Fantastic local brews.  And our waitress was super friendly.  A great place to unwind and relax.
3	The Pizza here was not the best I've ever had.I had the white wolf and was very disappointed in the flavor. We also ordered wolf bites which were nothing special at all. They even charged us $0.50 extra for more ranch.....just an overall lack of flavor mixed with disappointment.
4	Decent pizza at a decent price.  It's in Cotswold, so it's a great place to grab a quick lunch after you've done your grocery shopping at Harris Teeter.
5	Looking up a recipe tonight for my daughter to make a mexican pizza at home and it reminds me of my days as a waitress at Wolfman in the 90's. I miss their pizza soooo much! My favorites were the New Mexico and the Mojo. Awesome owner and awesome pizza!
