4	I LOVED this gym and have had trouble trying to find a gym up to the standards of this gym. I'm originally from California so I came into this gym with absolutely NO biases and was very pleasantly surprised. The only reason why I give this place 4 stars is because they forgot to give me a tour when I arrived for my first workout because I declined the tour when I first signed up. Here's what I think:1.) The equipment it well taken care. I've gone in mornings, afternoons, and nights, and I always see custodial staff cleaning the machines, vacuuming, and cleaning the locker rooms. I also LOVE the fact that the people who attend this gym clean the equipment after they use it. WIN!2.) The staff is super nice. Maybe it's because most of the staff are men and I'm a female, but they always start a conversation when I enter and leave. 3.) I attended this gym for 5mos, always used the lockers and never used a lock. I know that's but I'm a creature of habit =/ During that time, my stuff had never been touched or stolen! I think that says something about the community there.4.) I never used the sauna or pool, but they looked clean. The showers and bathrooms are clean. Had I gotten a tour, their rating would be a 5 for me! Check out Farenheit Tanning and the nutrition store next door. They're amazing too! And, don't be tempted to visit the starbucks and In n Out after a workout like I did a couple times! Woops =)
2	Just joined, customer service is just OK. Facility is clean and very busy at peak times. Was told my membership included "towel service" but the girl at the front counter looked at me like I had three heads when I asked for one. She said they hadn't provided towels ever since she had worked there?? Racquetball was also listed as included in membership fees, but I had to pay extra to play in their racquetball "league".
5	I LOVE this location! I wasnt too sure if i wanted to sign up but it was such a nice gym with amazing customer service i had to. Bo helped me with my membership. He never pressured me and showed me every option available, very professional. He was very supportive and walked me through the entire gym, reminding me that joining the gym and staying with it is life changing. I am so thankful for all of the help i recieved during this process. Ive been there for 2 months now and everyone is still so friendly, always saying hi and helping with any and everything. Needless to say Bo and the entire staff at this la fitness was AMAZING! I would highly recomend having Bo help with your membership, he was so professional and made my experience a great one.I'll never switch to a different gym.
4	This was my first visit to a LA Fitness and I was quite impressed by this facility. It's the nicest, most spacious, well equipped gym I have been to. I may have to check out the one in East Tucson now.
4	Great place to workout. Staff is friendly. Step aerobics class with Jennifer is awesome. Lots of cardio machines to use even at their busiest times.
1	This gym has a problem OPENING on the weekend. I went for an early workout this past Sunday 8/18/13 and was standing outside with about 80 other members waiting to get inside.  I was chatting with other members and they said this was the THIRD time this has happened.  I inquired with management yesterday and they were really ARROGANT and did not apologize for the inconvenience.  This gym has SMELLY nasty carpet  especially in front of the guys locker room.  They have a decent number of machines but  their equipment is OUTDATED. I'm heading to 24 hr fitness to check them out.
1	Read the Reviews!!! I feel totally scammed by this place.  I have never written a negative review on any business, but they are liars and have the worst customer service once they have your money.  I wasn't ready to enroll because I was having back pain and didn't know how long it would last, but JUSTIN talked to JOHN HOLMES the GM there and they said they would give me a 10 day no obligation trial.  After 6 days I still had the pain and my husband injured his food so I decided I better cancel and try again when we can actually get in there.  Unfortunately JOHN MALCOVE (another manager) was insistant that there's no such thing as a 10 day trial, only a 3 or 7 day trial.  Talked to member services and after a week of research they said they have to take their word against mine.  So I'm out not only the $50 enrollment, but first and last month fee for both my husband and I.  Almost $200 for nothing!  Thanks LA fitness.
4	We joined recently and like the facility. They pride themselves on their cleanliness and it really is always clean. There are lots of classes, the equipment is in great working order, and I never have to wait for anything even at the busy time of day. One thing to note,  do not accept the 'free training session' unless you want a high pressure sales pitch when it's over.
1	This gym has the most rude and condescending staff I have ever encountered! The ring leader being John M, the sales manager. This guy struts around like a cock in a hen house. He has treated myself and my mother so horribly that I go out of my way to work out at another la fitness. Many of the trainers act like they are too good to be there and are lazy. Asking for help with a machine is never fun. I will not be renewing my membership with la fitness and have made it a personal mission to spread the word of the negative ugliness John has fostered at this location.
1	Don't join if you have kids. Not everything is bad about this gym, but it is definitely not working out for me.  The few good things about this gym are that it's never too crowded, the Body Works class on Monday morning is great, and the machines are always clean (although extremely outdated).I'm quitting the gym for a few reasons.  Mostly because of the Kid's Club.  There is only one area for all the kids; they don't separate them by age.  So the babies are with all the big kids and with only 2 adults working in there it's definitely not enough.  Also, the kid's area isn't visible to the rest of the gym so there's no way to check on your child while you're working out.  My 11 month old is a really happy baby who has no problem with strangers or at his other day care center, but can't last more than 30 minutes in this kid's club... don't know why.When my husband signed me up, he only signed up for 2 months (first and last month) to see how I'd like it and then I would talk to them if I wanted to add more.  We paid upfront because he didn't want the gym to have our credit card information.  Good thing too because they tried to automatically charge my account for more without my consent (which I'm not surprised by because I know how places like this are).  When I talked to Gordon, the manager, he said that I can pay upfront, but either way they HAVE to have a credit card on file for automatic payments.Side note: My baby got kicked out of kid's club today after 30 minutes.  After I got him I realized I left my keys on the treadmill upstairs.  The front desk girl said I couldn't go back to get them with my baby and said the manager would need to talk to me.  I went anyway just because I wanted to get out of there and sure enough the manager started following me.  I got my keys and he walked right behind me all the way until I left.  Maybe he wanted to make sure I wasn't going to work out with my baby?  Who knows. But it was rude and what else was I supposed to do?  I couldn't put my kid back in the kid's club and all I needed to do was grab my keys.Anyway, so happy to be quitting this gym.  And so happy we didn't give them our credit card info in the beginning because then I'd be out more money than I already am.
3	I came from Lifetime Fitness, & so I was used to top quality in a gym. LA Fitness @ Signal Butte has some very obvious differences, but the monthly fee is also about half of what I was paying. I had one issue on joining....was promised something verbally that "went away" once the contract was signed. But I am a bulldog when it comes to stuff like that, & kept bugging the mgr every time I went in, & asked for the corporation number so I could take it up w/them. The issue was eventually made right, but it was because I never let up. Sales & money wise, they are a hard sell...be cautious, & get everything written on the contract you sign.I wish the trainers could be hired for single sessions, as you need or want them. I had that at Lifetime, & used trainers to help me set up new routines. You can't do that at LA Fitness. You have to sign up on a monthly or yearly basis, & there is a set up fee to do that, in addition to the trainers charge. It's not worth doing. And it's high pressure. I make it a rule never to sign anything the same day it's presented to me, so that's how I dodge the high pressure. I have asked for assistance w/machines I'm not familiar with. I was given help, no problem, but it does lead to a discussion about training.Ultimately tho, a gym is a place to work out. If you know what you are doing, & just need a decent place to do it, LA Fitness @ Signal Butte is an ok gym. Lots of equipment & classes. I go during the day, so I've never had a problem w/them being open or closed on time. But I will say that Lifetime Fitness is open 24/7, if you need that. I loved Lifetime. But I moved, & LA Fitness is the closest big gym. I like it, & it's adequate.
