5	I've been with this State Farm for a while now, and I've been helped by Jodi and Christina so far, and they've been wonderful and go out of their way to make sure your happy with the service you get, all their staff is friendly and awesome. And their rates are always better than everyone else I've gotten a quote from. If you need insurance this office is the place to get it!
5	I've been insured by State Farm for over 6 years and when I moved to Vegas I found Jen Sias's office and they were SO helpful, especially when I was moving from a different state.  Their staff has been extremely helpful and responsive and go out of their way to help me with any questions I have.  I refer all of my friends and family to them now and they have all been satisfied with the service this office has provided.
5	Recently moved my insurance business to this State Farm Agency having been with State Farm over 25 years. Jodi & Jen were both pleasant and professional and made my experience with this agency amazing. I know my house and 3 cars are well taken care of. Thank you!
5	Just recently moved to Las Vegas from Cali. This place was right by my house so I went in to office to get a quote. It was a Saturday and I was happy they were open!!! I got to meet with the agent Jen and she was super friendly and down to earth. I highly recommend this office if you want a friendly staff and great deal! :)
5	After being with Nationwide for 3 years, their rates just got too high. Almost $300 a month for 2 drivers and 2 cars, with perfect driving records. I called around and when I called this office, I spoke with Ashley. They do bundle policies and she didn't give me the cheapest quote, but she was extremely helpful and knowledgeable. I told her I was still calling around for quotes so I'd let her know. In the mean time while calling other companies, she called me back with an even lower rate, saving me $100 dollars a month over my current policy. So we decided to go with them. We went in to fill out our paperwork. Ashley was so friendly and it didn't take us long at all to get everything done. We ended up with renters insurance, 2 life insurance policies and full coverage auto insurance for $100 less per month. I would recommend this office to anyone needing any insurance coverage. They work hard to get you a good rate & exactly the coverage you need.  Thanks Ashley! You're awesome!
1	My situation is frustrating. And it gives me a headache, just thinking about it. I bought a new Toyota Scion TC 2014. It was my first ever car and I've never had car insurance before. This particular State Farm office was the only one with the lowest, lowest, lowest price. Very fishy!!! When all the quotes I've gotten was $300-$900 a month. I'll just say... Make sure you go over everything with the sales rep. See how much it cost and know exactly what kind of discount they are putting on your insurance policy. I paid the lowest price. And four months later... Out of no were, ended up paying double the price without no explanation until you go in person yourself. Supposedly, they can't change the mistake and refund you. When it was their error! Giving out the wrong information to customers is not good at all.
5	I sat in with my cousin to see how Jodi Caramanica treats him as a client and I have to say I am impressed. In my line of work I deal with a number insurance agents and Jodi definitely ranks at the top of the shoot. I have a long standing relationship with my current insurance company (not Allstate) but after what I witnessed today, I just may consider making the switch.
1	I've been with State Farm Insurance company for years and this is THE WORST place to go. After moving here we found this place thinking it was so close to home only to find out location is not always everything. From day 1 we've had problems with our car insurance. Each month we were the ones trying to figure out why our monthly premium was always changing and doing higher and higher only to be given the run around. Like any agent who's trying trying to get business, they start out pleasant and friendly hoping to get your money and even go as far as providing you with their business card and says "call me" if you have questions. Well, that friendly service goes out the window once you become there customer. When you try to call your agent/owner of that office, she never calls back, and when you call the office, she's always too busy and will call you when SHE has time. Sorry to say I'd rather pay a little more for better service somewhere else. I will never go back to this office.
5	When I met my husband, he was insured with State Farm and we began shopping around for an agent who was local as well as accessible.  Having been with Allstate for over 10 years, I wasn't really wanting to change companies.  Then I met Jen and some of her other agents. I immediately felt like I was in good hands and that I could go to them with all of my insurance, as well as other financial business as well.  Since 2011, we have our mortgage insurance, 3 vehicles  (2 of which are brand new) and I recently rolled over my Roth IRA with them as well.  I am strongly considering opening a bank account with them as well as a line of credit.  One stop shopping within walking distance!  Can't beat that!  But more importantly, it is so nice to walk in and always feel so welcome.  Oh! And we pay under $300 a month for everything.  If you are shopping for better rates and great agents to work with, call Jen!
5	This agency has it all!! They have a friendly and knowledgeable staff that goes above and beyond and works hard to get you the most competitive rate. You can tell how great this office is from the minute you walk in the door. Thanks for taking care of all my insurance and financial needs!!
