1	My warranty company sent them out for my broken dishwasher,no power to machine and lock broken.Tech came out and replaced panel but said "lock worked fine for me"and warranty company will only fix if broken.I insisted he check (multiple times and threats to file complaint with warranty company)It was indeed broken and 3 days later he returned to fix.Less than one month later, same issue with power to appliance!!!No power!!!Argumentative, faulty parts? poor service...Janine (owner?) not willing to provide quality customer service... however willing to call warranty company to "get someone else" to fix what her company can not
1	One of the worst companies I have ever dealt with.  Very unprofessional.  Extremely Rude and uncooperative, and did not preform the work they were supposed to.  Would never recommend them
5	I have worked with AABCO in the past and always found them to be professional and to take pride in their work. Janine has also always been friendly and helpful.You're mileage may vary, but I definitely recommend them.
5	Being in the property management field is hard enough but when we find a good and dependable vendor to work with, we are thriled. AABCO is the best appliance repair company I have used by far in 8 years! Excellent commincation and fast service. I would highly recommend,
5	We had AABCO come to repair our washing machine.  We have a service contract with AHS.  We were promptly contacted by Janine who sett up our appointment.  Our tech was here on time who not only fixed the problem but also offered great advice to avoid a re-occurrence.  Excellent Service and Strongly Recommended.
1	I would not recommend this company.  They were chosen by my home warranty company and scheduled me for a two hour window two days after my request.  However, they arrived 40 minutes prior to our scheduled time, so no one was home.  I spoke with the technician and assured him that  my husband was picking up our son from school early so that he could meet him on time.  The service person agreed to wait until the scheduled service time, but at 2 minutes after the hour, he called me to tell me he was leaving.  He also spoke with my husband who was 5 minutes from home, but he refused to wait for him.  When I called to speak with the person who scheduled our appointment, her response was that they fulfilled their obligation by being at our home at the scheduled appointment time and they are not required to wait, citing that they tech already waited 40 minutes for us.....even though he was 40 minutes early.
