4	Several centuries after the Fall, Lucifer has finally decided to pack in trying to overthrow Heaven and set up a lamp shade and candlestick shop. Actually equating Lucifer of the Old Testament with Satan of the New is debatable. Anyway Lucifer literally means "light bearer", which is pretty appropriate for a shop the sells candelabrum. I personally think this shop has an amazng name, and its the sign outside, with its big red letters in a jaggedy style, followed by the warm colours of the shop inside really give this place an atmosphere!Lucifer Lighting sells all thing to do with antique lighting, from crystal chandeliers to Victorian candelabrum and Georgian brass candle sticks. Most of the of the lamp shades and chandaliers are hanging chaotically from the ceiling (adding to the rising falling feel, flame like, feel to this shop).The shop also contains a little cafe too, and by little cafe I mean like a big table with a few odd chairs around it where the owner will serve tea while he chats to you. It's called "cafe diablo", which, to be fair, unequivocally means devil so no trying to get around that one. Maybe the owner really does worship satan, but hey he sells cool lamps.Lucifer Lighting doesn't seem to keep regular opening hours. Late morning through the afternoon seems a safe bet. Rumour also has it that it opens in the middle of the night and is closed on religious festivals.
5	I've walked by this place hundreds of times and never been in. That's not to say it didn't intrigue me. In fact, I can't really say why I've never been in. I just haven't. Until now.This isn't your normal boring light fitting shop. It's got all sorts of cool lights - I particularly liked the old cast iron chandeliers. Price wise it all seemed pretty reasonable - they were antiques after all. It's a shame I live in a rented flat that I can't do much with, otherwise I'd deck the place out with lighting from here.Oh yeah, and it's next to the 'Archangel Michael Healing Centre', and evangelical Christian 'healing' place. Hilarious. Well worth a visit, even just to browse.
