1	The only thing that could've possibly made my meal at The Estate House any worse, is if we had to pay for it...My bf and I stopped by for a drink on the night of their grand opening about 2 weeks ago... it was beautiful and the staff was pleasant; many of them my bf knew from previous workplaces.  So, he decided to have his birthday dinner there.  BIG MISTAKE!The meal we had last night was a comedy of errors... First off, there were 12 of us there and the way that they sat us (in the Butler's Pantry) was not ideal for our group.  We took things into our own hands and pushed our 2 tables together to make it easier to talk amongst ourselves.  Although Roman (I think that was our waiter's name) had good intentions, our service was horrendous!  We had to ask for menus after a half hour of being seated.  We had to ask for bread several times before it arrived probably an hour later, and then some of us (like myself) never even received any bread.  We also had to ask for water and drink refills throughout the 3 HOURS we were there...The menu itself was extremely pricey and fairly limited.  Not only that, but the menu lists a special 'tasting menu' but somehow it wasn't available yet... nor were there any specials.  We all finally decided and were able to place our order.One thing that the staff was good at was clearing and bringing back fresh silverware.  I think they moved my silverware around 3 times even though I would've been good with just one set.  Since they cleared my silverware that I hadn't touched before appetizers were finally served, I had no fork even if I wanted to sample from someone else's order... The Wild Arugula Salad that was supposed to arrive with "Warm Camembert," toasted marcona almonds and  blood orange vinaigrette arrived cold and all 3 people that ordered it had to send it back... other appetizers that arrived and some of the people in our party ate were the mussels and the winter squash risotto.  So, like I said, our reservation was for 7:30 and we were all seated by 7:45... so, when I looked at my watch and saw it was after 9:30. I was a little bit disappointed that our entrees weren't there yet.  After all, we were planning on meeting some other friends for drinks after dinner, and this was taking a really long time.  I think that everyone else at the table was feeling the same way.  We were all hungry and antsy and upset that the waiter or GM hadn't even acknowledged that it was taking a ridiculously long time.  So, the birthday boy spoke up... and asked for the GM.  I think it took another 30 minutes before the GM came over and acknowledged us.  Note - the food was still not there.  He was reactive instead of proactive apologizing but not offering anything.  He asked what we wanted him to do and we all just said to bring our food!  At this point it was 10pm.  He promised it would be there in 5 minutes.  Ron (another member of our group) looked at his watch and 5 minutes later, still no food.  Roman attempted to bring us a bottle of wine, but we didn't even want more to drink at this point...So, at about 10:10. our food began to arrive in piece meal...  2-3 entrees at a time and several minutes apart.  Many of the entrees were overcooked and had to be sent back and the person that ordered marlin was served tuna by accident so when the person that ordered the tuna didn't have her meal, we figured out their mistake.  The waiter then had the audacity to ask the person that ordered the tuna if she wanted a new one.  (There was already a bite taken out of the tuna that was served in error).  Of course she did!  Unfortunately, we were all done 20 minutes later when the new tuna finally arrived.  I had the "Estate House Fruit De Mer" which was actually pretty good.  (However, at 10pm, anything would've been good in my eyes).  We basically had to tell the GM that there was no way we were going to pay for this horrendous meal... you would think we'd get apologies again or something, but no.  We left a decent tip for Roman, and never even had birthday cake for the birthday boy... bummer!  At that point we just wanted to get the hell out of there!Fortunately, we had much better service upstairs at the 3rd floor level bar where they had a piano player until 11pm.  We met some other friends there and attempted to laugh at the miserable meal we'd just had... Side note - Charles Barkley and his wife were also at the restaurant and had a 3 hour meal as well - we know this because we swapped stories over drinks upstairs after the fact.The Estate House has a lot of kinks to work on... I doubt I will ever return to eat there again... I do recommend going for the ambiance and drinks on the top level.  Gina and Bill will take good care of you there... Aside from that, I would tell you to save your time and $$.
1	Gabi nailed this place on the nose.. food was cold.. wait staff was friendly enough but the service was as confused as this entire concept. French country farmhouse but fine dining? That doesn't make sense to me.. a farmhouse to me would have been laid back and comforting, not contrived and skimpy.The prices here are very high and the portions are super small.. had the ahi app, it was actually alright, thus the one star. The next app was the beef pave, tasted like liver and was horribly dry! My entree was the beef fillet with cheek meat.. cold, uninteresting and of course over priced. We order all of the desserts hoping for a change however, the desserts to me seemed pretty lame so I got the cheese plate. Cheese was alright though none of the wait staff could tell me what was what. The desserts looked great but didn't taste very good at all. This place didn't have one saving grace. Afterwards we decided to go to the bar/lounge 'Upstairs". Cool loungy vibe until we got out of the rest room.. walked right into some woman throwing up on the floor. Was really quite a scene and a top to a most horrible dining experience. I flagged down one of the schmoozing managers and told him what had happened in the hallway.. he just raised his eyebrows and said "Oh, great!" then walked off. No apologies, no remorse.. just walked off. I would never return to either place.. overpriced, contrived and as I said before uninteresting. What a waste of time.
1	I am jumping on the one star bandwagon:).  I was one of the attendees to Jared B's 21st birthday dinner and I completely agree with him and Gabi K's reviews.  It was all so wrong.  On the upside I did enjoy the one drink that I got... it was a rose mojito and I thought it was great.  However everything else was below mediocre... I ordered a salad that had blue cheese and beets in it and I do recall that it was good, but not a lot of beets or blue cheese and the portion was pretty small.  I also ordered the seared tuna appetizer and it was pretty much tasteless.  My boyfriend had the same salad as I did and he had the seared tuna entree... he was one of the individuals who sent their meal back.  I did not try it, but he said it was awful.  I think everyone left the Estate House hungry.  After thinking about it for awhile it just seems like the management deserted the waiter and left him to deal with a very unhappy table.  It should have not been that way...  Once there was any inclination that we were unhappy management should have been over to our table.   We were all so hungry 3 hours into it I bet we would have been ecstatic if they put a bread basket down on the table so at least we could have filled up on that.
4	I have not dined at the Estate House, but I did sit at the bar in their lounge upstairs from the fine dining restaurant.  I have to say that this place is beautiful.  Dark wood lounge with pianist and I felt I was back in NYC.  They have a outdoor patio in both the front and back of the lounge.  The place has been beautifully decorated.  At the bar, the bartenders are very very nice and helpful....Melanie is great!  She is helpful and very knowledgeable about the drink menu, as well as the other bartenders.   The cocktail menu is extensive with different types of liquors not seen here in Scottsdale.  I was able to meet the beverage manager, Bill,  who also is the manager at Canal and FoodBar who was the genius behind these delicious concoctions!I started with the Lychee Martini that had blue cheese stuffed figs...I know weird right...but DELICIOUS!!!  This cocktail had fig infused liquor...just very yummy!  My friend had a cocktail with one of my favorite liquors called St. Germine Eldelflower (I actually like this with Champagne)...it also very very yummy!!!  We had a few noshes...The cheese platter which was nice, it was small and I feel that it did not vary on their selection of cheeses.  We had the mussels and the tuna tartare.  Mussels were great and the tartara was in fact very good, but it had a lot of big pieces of raw onion (not a fan of raw onion) but it was great. Then for "dessert" I had their Banana Foster cocktail....They muddle caramelized bananas for the drink...This was like drinking heaven. My friend had the Tuscan Sidecar...not a bourbon fan myself, the drink was very tasty.What amazed me about the bar was there large selection of unique liquors and how many different garnishes they had for the drinks.I would recommend this lounge for a night cap or to just sit in the large couches and relax to the sound of the piano.**Update** Went on another night to try yet another martini...So I had the Pear martini.  Again, Delicious!!  Not sweet.  Very fresh!!  And it was nice out so we sat on the outdoor patio.  So beautiful!
1	I unfortunately had the opportunity to dine at the Estate house.  I didn't know this was the first joint venture between Waste Management and  the new Canal Restaurant team because it was TRASH!  Forget about the service, the food was horrible.  I ordered the warm chesse salad sent it back because it was frozen and it came back frozen again.  Not to mention these portions were the size of my fist.  I would have been more happy dining at Krispy Creme or Mcdonalds after our horrendous experience.  Lastly, in reference to the demographics of the table in which I dined, we have diverse experience in taste and expertise aggregated from international and domestic culinary travels.  Having dined at the top restaurants in the world and locally, we can differentiate between trash and sewage and tasty and superb!
1	It's rare for us to be so completely disappointed in a new restaurant, especially after having heard great things from others. Last night my girlfriend and I dined on the patio at Estate House. After arriving at the restaurant around 9pm, the hostess lead us outside only to stop us in our tracks and ask that we wait while somebody prepared a table. After about 7 minutes of standing there, we overheard an argument about who would take the table as "somebody had plans" to depart. We were finally seated, the waiter was polite and professional, as well as the sommelier who was quite knowledgeable about the wine we had chosen. Entre 1 - scallops, with a foamy sauce- were excellent. So far so good. K orders the seared ahi tuna, I order the filet steak (med rare) & short rib - a dish that promises a filet mignon and a braised short rib together. Things progress nicely as they present the ahi tuna - very nice cut, quite an generous portion too. K is happy, more due to the fact the tuna was extremely good quality than the preparation itself. My filet & short rib combo arrives - STOP - before I even cut into the "filet" which by my generous estimate may be a total of 3oz and not more than a 1/2 inch thick - I note it looks quite well done, a quick cut into this joke of a steak reveals the truth - medium well, not even a hint of pink in the center. On the other side of the plate sits the same sorry looking chunk of short rib, again not more than 1/2 inch thick and 2oz at most. I immediatly point this out to our waiter - who knowingly admitted it looked under-sized and over cooked. After pulling the plate away to "show the chef" (isn't the chef supposed to look at it BEFORE it's served?) he returns saying the new entre will be ready in 4 minutes. After enjoying the evening watching K enjoy her tuna, I patiently waited about 12 minutes for my new entre. Second time around: steak is cooked medium rare, to my delight it was twice as thick as was the short rib - yet the flavor was non-existent. SO IN THE END the waiter presents our check - $174 - $75 for the wine, $100 for the entrees. I completely expected the restaurant to pickup my dinner entre, after all they couldnt have spent more than $4 dollars on it. I mention this to the waiter who says - I'll check with the manager but nope, they're not going to do anything. Next time we'll go to Chelseas - for a portion 4x the size, 1/2 the cost and with 3x the flavor!!!! BOTTOM LINE:: Dont WASTE your money!
1	Sadly, I must agree with most of the negative reviews. Once our food was  served, our waiter never checked in on our party of 6 to ask if everything was ok. Not once! In fact, I had to flag someone else down for a pepper grinder. The poorly constructed wine list was extremely over priced. Last I checked, when you buy a $100 bottle of wine, the server should pour when your glass is low. We poured our own wine refills...everytime. Another thing....in the process of one of the male hosts carrying a chair to another table, he dropped the seat cushion on my head! He had to raise the chair above our heads as he walked  between our table and the glass wall. Who does that!? I had such high hopes for this place. It certainly has fabulous atmosphere! Probably one of the best atmosphere concepts in town. But the waiters must have been recruited from Applebees!  When I asked how the Osso Bucco was, my server told me "hit or miss". What? Hit or miss? Not even McDonald's is hit or miss! The 3rd level music/bar area was the only saving grace for the evening. Get it together Estate House!
5	I think they've worked the kinks out, at least it seemed that way when I went.  I had an excellent petit filet accompanied by a piece of short rib you could cut with a fork.  My date had the ahi and said it was fantastic.  The service was excellent in a barely visible way.I was a little hesitant from the horror stories posted here, but I'm glad I checked it out for myself.  It's on the short list of my favorite fine dining places in the valley, now.
5	I LOVED this place.  The decor was beautiful.  I am so happy NOT TOO SEE any hints of Tuscan designs (like so many places do in Scottsdale).  Oh, I can't say enough good things about this place.  They even have a Jazz club upstairs.  I felt like I was in San Francisco when I entered.   When dining in the restaurant I loved the surrounds - I felt like I was in Santa Monica or Malibu, CA.  I give major props to the interior decorator.  The food was amazing.  Risotto as good as Hal's in Venice - Steak was great.  Service wonderful.  The menu was diffinately for foodie's (think San Francisco) NOT for yahoo's - Scottsdale people may have money but  not the most sophisicated - money doesn't buy taste (sorry just what I have observed by too many of the people I have met)  I have also met some great people here including my husband who is born and raised here!It made me sad not to see this place packed as the food is as good as Element's (my fav spot) MUCH better than T Cooks (that place is SO overated).  I would say I liked it better than Elements due to the large portions.  Sorry Beau of Elements - I think the portions are too small.  If they wanted to make changes - I would add some music over a sound system - nothing too "cluby" maybe even French lounge type music (perhaps a DJ - Peabody comes to mind).  I would also do some kind of Happy Hour at reduced prices to create a buzz so word can get out.  I REALLY want this place to suceed.  I think it was great!  They nailed it on so many levels.  If they are going to make some major changes which I don't think they should - I would suguest the powers that be go to Boa Steakhouse in Santa Monica and get inspired by there amazing menu.   I would also check out Ago in LA - and try to create there seafood risotto.There cocktail menu was so extensive and wonderful.  Go to this place - it is worth the prices and them some!
3	5 stars for the AMAZING decor!  3-4 stars for the service.  Our waiter was discreet, and made excellent recommendations for drinks (the rose Mojito is a MUST!) and food.  However, it took 10+ minutes just to get our drinks and waaaaaaaaay too long to get the food.  (Understandable if it is busy, but  there were hardly any customers in the restaurant).  3-4 stars for the food.   When the food finally arrived, my friend (who gave such a great review) said it was about 1/2 the size of the portion they served her last time.It was a fun experience, but I feel no need to go again.  Hope your experience is better!Warmly,Kirin :)
3	So I took some friends to the lounge Upstairs known simply as "Upstairs". Its the most fab lounge in town in my humble opinion. So, while I had a deplorable experience earlier this year at the Estate House (downstairs), I don't mind checking out the lounge for a drink.   What I'm excited about is the Estate House's revamped menu. It looks great! They've got some intriguing dishes and the creativity of the new Chef is to be admired. There are selections like Elk, Skate fish, Wild Boar and  hand made Tagliatelle. I look forward to giving them a 2nd chance and I'll update ya when I do! I'm gonna upgrade them to 3 stars  for now simply because they seem to be moving in the right direction. I wonder if they've also revamped the restaurant's crappy service?? Hmmmmm....
4	Based only on 2nd level, lounge, bar & happy hr.  Free Appies, bought on platters, artfully arranged, (tiny prtions, keep in mind). Try the cheese fondue! YUM! Keeps 2 people going over glasses of wine just fine, thank you!  They did have certain bottles 1/2 off and other drinks were 1/2 off as well.  Views from patio balcony awesome!  I am not sure if 3rd level patio open yet or not, I want to ck that out, how culd the views get better? I guess from here!
4	I loved this place. We had dinner on the outside patio next to a roaring fireplace. We were greeted warmly by the hostess and promptly seated. We were given a choice of waters, and brought fresh baked rolls and olive oil. Their cocktail drink menu is excellent (try the Phantastic martini). Right after we ordered, we were brought an amuse bouche-excellent. We shared the pork belly starter-was perfectly cooked and utterly delicious. My steak was cooked perfectly, as were the gratin potatoes it came with. Was too full for dessert after the fact but the dessert menu looked sooo good. We were treated very well. My ONLY suggestion is that service could have been a little faster-it took about 10 minutes to get our first round of drinks. Other than that, the next time we want to splurge, that's going to be my choice.
4	My brother was in town and we wanted to show him the "nicer side" of old town (we did the seedy side on Friday night) - Obviously the Waterfront and Estate House were on the list... We didn't eat here but had a great time on the upstairs patio drinking...The five of us enjoyed our cocktails, the stellar service, and awesome views. Their "Well Vodka" is Kettle (nice), drinks start at $9.
5	I must say I was there for dinner Friday night, and it was the best dining experience I ever had, period. From the moment I sat down until I had my last bite of dessert it was one of the best experiences. The Chef came out and introduced himself and the wait staff was the friendliest and most courteous I've seen. Sadly, I don't remember the name of the appetizers I had, but I can recommend one with two different kinds of tuna and another one with Mozzarella and Prosciutto. For my entree I ordered the New York Strip, which pretty much melted in my mouth and was as juicy as anything. If you save enough room for dessert, I highly recommend the Sorbet and the Bread Pudding, trust me, it's not Grandma's bread pudding. After a great dinner, we went upstairs to the Patio Lounge and sat down for drinks and a cigar from their excellent humidor selection. All of this while listening to a live band playing everything from SRV to Santana and Latin-Fusion rhythms. If you need to show your clients a great time or impress the girl or guy in your life, make a run for The Estate House. You will not be disappointed!
5	Went here on a Sunday night with close friends because I heard the DJ spinning from all the way up the street some amazing house and dance music. I walked into some beautiful decor and some amazing drink specials. 3 dollar belvedere, bacardi and something else I can't remember. Also, there specialty drinks are sooo yummy. ROSE PETEL MOJITO...YUM. I will be there next week when I am visiting scottsdale, This place makes me wish I didn't live in San Francisco. Can't wait to try the food.
5	I live in Southern CA, and the Estate House has served me the two finest meals I've eaten this year.  Good thing I've had to visit Scottsdale twice!  They take the finest quality ingredients and do creative yet simple things to them to create culinary magic.  The salad with heirloom tomato, burrata, and proscuito, is the finest starter I've had in years.  One fish dish was perfectly prepared, and adorned with an edamame puree that was so good, I asked for a side dish!  Unfortunately, it is only prepared sometimes.  Wine list is extensive and varied.  Ambience is superb, with couches, pillows, lovely art, and the site is right on the canal in Scottsdale.  The bread pudding with pecans and malted ice cream is the finest dessert I've had in years.  I look forward to visiting my client there just to be able to dine at this place again.  One of my associates, traveling with me on one trip, said it was the best meal she's ever had.
5	Was drawn here because of their prix fixe menus.(I love prix fixe menus)I ended up going for the $20 menuMy main man got the $30 menuI had1.  Tomato mozz salad thing2.  Fettucine with mushrooms3.  Carmelized peach meringue thingyOMG!The food was to die for!!!My main man's mussels and ravioli were also ravely reviewed.The service was amazing, atmosphere was great, I absolutely loved this place.
5	Location, service, ambiance were all fantastic, and the food was better than that! My husband and I split everything to keep costs down and enjoy a bit more from the menu. We started with the Tuna Duo. I'm usually not a fan of tuna tartar, but my husband really wanted to try this. This turned out to be his favorite dish of the night and I loved it too. Tuna with a coconut crust and an avocado sauce that complemented the flavors perfectly, as well as tuna tartar that was flavorful and sweet - all accompanied by plantain chips, which I love! We then split the Estate House Salad - great combo of flavors. Nice and light. For the entree, we split the lamb which came with figs and a pinot noir demi glaze that almost tasted like candy. The meat was fabulous and perfectly cooked. Everything on the plate worked wonderfully together. For a side we got the sweet sauteed onions. Good, but not a favorite. And for dessert, we finished off with the butterscotch creme brulee, which I would say is a must for any meal at the Estate House. We topped off the evening by enjoying our final glass of wine upstairs in the lounge - great music and a wonderfully romantic atmosphere.
5	I have never had a more complete meal!  This is the first place at which I've ever had an amuse bouche, and it was delicious.  All the flavors complemented each other in a 3 course, beautifully arranged meal.  The waiters were friendly and helpful.  One even suggested how to deconstruct the appetizer so we could eat it effectively!  I had some wine and my girlfriend had an Old Style Martini.  It was mostly Bourbon, but delicious!This place has a lot of class in a fabulous neighborhood.
4	The Estate House was wonderful.  My guest and I chose to sit on the patio.  It was perfect outside.  Our waiter was very attentive and didn't mind asking twice to get our cocktails just right.  He was awesome.The BREAD is perfect.  Soft and airy in the center and just the right amount of crispy firmness on the outside.  I am a bread man.  Pass the butter please!!!  I had four pieces.My main dish was the lemon herb chicken.  It was nicely cooked and seasoned.  It sat over asparagus and a lovely polenta.  I was more then happy.  I ordered a side of garlic fingerling potatoes.  Wow!!!  I have never had potatoes that good.  My guest ordered the fettuccine.  The sauce was very rich.  Delectable.  He also ordered the heirloom tomatoes with mozzarella appetizer for his side dish.  He wouldn't share that one.  That mozzarella looked good.We ordered a cheese plate to fill the time between our souffle preparation.  The plate was great,  manchego, parmesan, and one more cheese I can't remember the name of.  All three were excellent.  The plate also came with raspberries, blackberries, grapes, nuts, candied nuts, a strawberry balsamic jam, and bread sticks.  What a nice spread.  After we nibbled at the cheese plate it was time for the caramel souffle.  What a way to end a great meal.  So rich yet so light.I was pleased with Estate House.  Next to all that Westcor cookie cutter crap this was a nice surprise on the Waterfront.  The new GM introduced himself to us and said he and his staff have turned it around.  I agree.  It was such a nice evening.One more thing.  Their upstairs lounge is beautiful.  I am going back just to sit in one of those posh booths.  Very cool, very chic.
4	I went here with a group of about 8 people for a friends birthday.  My wife and I arrived early to check out the upstairs lounge.  It was about 7:30 on a Tuesday night and it was DEAD.  We were the only people upstairs except for the 3 or 4 bartenders/waitresses.  The inside and the outside patio are both very nice.  The drinks were standard and the prices were just what you'd think they would be.  Anyway, we each ordered a cocktail as we waited for the rest of our party to arrive.  Our waitress was very fast and friendly....probably because we were the only ones there.Downstairs was just as dead.  There were probably 5 other patrons in the entire place.  I have zero idea how this place stays in business.  I guess it was just a slow night but it worked to our advantage because we had an excellent gang of waiters and bussers who provided top notch service.  I think we only had one main waiter, but he was excellent.  Excellent food descriptions, excellent recommendations, very prompt with requests, etc.I normally don't review the bread places give you to start but OMG it was amazing.  I'm trying to limit my carb intake but I just couldn't resist the bread.To start I shared the Estate House Salad with my wife.  It was good and I would order it again.  It probably isn't enough to split though.For my entree I had the pepper crusted steak.  It was excellent and a large portion.  Though some people at my table thought the blue cheese and/or pepper were overpowering; I thought it was excellent and complimented the steak just enough.  It was very flavorful and I would definitely order it again.I had known about the Estate House for a while but never seriously thought to check it out and probably wouldn't have ever went if it wasn't requested by the birthday girl.  The menu is pricey and didn't seem like anything special or unique.  However, I'm glad I went but probably won't be back until I try a ton of other places first.  The Estate house provides quality food as well as outstanding service, but you definitely pay for it.
3	Over the past several years, Scottsdale has shaped up to be quite bourgeois - and the Estate House reflects that. Nestled in the heart of downtown (the new section, not Old Town), this is a good place to go if a) you want to try to impress a dinner date or b) you'd like to enjoy cocktails with friends on a commercial outdoor patio.The live band - specifically Miles David Lancette Studio 5 - on Friday evenings is really good. They help set a relaxed but fun tone to the Upstairs lounge where mint limeade mojitos can kick start a bourgie sort of night.
4	My husband and I went to The Estate House on Saturday evening to celebrate his graduation from ASU. I had been to the Upstairs lounge twice previously with friends, but had never ate there. We thought a graduation celebration was a good excuse to try the food.Our reservation was at 7:30 pm, and when we arrived, perhaps half the restaurant was full. The space is cozy and warm feeling. The wine list is long and varied - it was nice to see they offered so many wine by the glass choices as sometimes I feel like this is lacking at a lot of restaurants. However, my husband and I decided to share a bottle of sauvignon blanc (it's their only bottle from New Zealand - the exact name escapes me) which was delicious and a great compliment to our meals.The amuse bouche (halibut ceviche on a dried pear slice) was very enjoyable and light. The complimentary bread was so soft with a crisp edge which is exactly how I like my bread. We skipped salads and appetizers, but I'm kicking myself now for not getting the heirloom tomatoes with burrata because the table next to us got that and it looked fresh, delicious and beautiful. For dinner, I had the fettucine with herb crema, mushrooms, and truffle oil - the portion size was perfect and the pasta was cooked perfectly. My husband had the halibut entree and he let me sneak a bite - the fish was very well cooked which was good because we've had some rather disappointing fish dishes other places in the Valley. We also got a side of the grilled garlic potatoes, which are basically oversized steak fries. I never got the garlic taste, so I feel like calling them grilled garlic potatoes was a bit of a misnomer. However, they were good, although if you are sharing this side, I would recommend getting two because you only get four potatoes with a side. Since when I made our reservation, I said we would be celebrating Chris' graduation, we received a complimentary bread pudding dessert - we devoured it within minutes so I think that speaks to how amazing it was. After tax and tip our bill was $122 which we thought was very reasonable given what we ordered and the solidness of all the dishes we ordered.After dinner, we went up to the Upstairs lounge for a post-dinner drink. (Note: If you dine downstairs, they will take your drinks upstairs for you after you are done with your meal if you want them to.) From my three visits now to the Upstairs lounge, I would really recommend sitting outside. While the inside is cozy, I think the outdoor patio is the real highlight of the space. The live band I have seen twice on Saturday nights there is really good and entertaining. I have tried the rose mojito which while a touch on the gimmicky side is actually really good.The Estate House was a great choice for our date night. The Upstairs lounge is a nice place to have drinks at the beginning of the evening before going out to other places in Scottsdale or as a destination if you just want a relaxing evening with a few people. I enjoy having this more sophisticated option in Old Town.
4	Estate House was a good time.  They had a live band on Saturday night.  I enjoyed a bottle of wine with friends and a beautiful overlook of the Scottsdale canal.  There were not a lot of people (probably because the music was a bit too loud - does that make me old?).  However, for a private time in a nice setting - I'd recommend the venue to anyone around.  The service was very nice too (very attentive).  - I haven't had a chance to try the restaurant, but the bar setting was a lovely lounge :)
4	We went last night for the New Year's celebration.  The staff was friendly and attentive, even though the restaurant was relatively crowded.  The wine list was extensive, as was their cocktail list.  We had an Italian sparkling white, and a bottle of Stone Cellars Sauvignon Blanc.  Both were excellent.  Rustic elegance is the best term I can think of to describe the restaurant's decor.  Our waiter, Jeff, was spot on with the level of attention, giving us privacy (as much as you can have in the middle of a crowded dining room), and seeing that we were never wanting.  Now about the food.  Having a priced fixed menu was a wonderful thing.  The amuse bouche was delicous.  I was amazed at the flavor combinations.  The appetizers which followed, were equally delicious.  I had the lamb "lollipops", which were seasoned and cooked to perfection, while my wife had the seared scallops, which was also prepared to perfection.  And the bread was simply delicious.  The main courses were simply incredible.  I had the beef, served with a wonderful potato/yam combination, all of which was heavenly.  My wife again opted for the fish (I forget the name, but it was a red-meated fish, similar to tuna), and it was delicious as well.  The combination of flavors in each course was superb.I don't eat deserts for the most part, but my wife's chocolate cake was the one not-perfect portion of the meal.  After the incredible flavor combinations, according to my wife the filling was very sweet, which accentuated the sweetness of the chocolate, rather than complimenting it.  It was still very good, but just a bit off, according to her.After dinner we went to the upstairs lounge to ring in the New Year.  There was a live band, led by their guitar player, Nick, which was an excellent trio (guitar, bass, drums).  They had a wide ranging book of songs, interspersed with some very good original music.  I would have liked to have more dance music, but that's more a personal taste.  The place was packed, but it was a very good time.  We did not sit on the outside patio, being waaaay too cold (I came here to get away from the cold, dagnabit!), but it was a memorable evening.  Will definitely go back on a non-holiday.
4	Round of applause for Executive Chef Gio Osso, who has transformed The Estate House's once ho-hum dining experience to something magnificent! Like another reviewer stated, the bread was perfect. Light, airy, flavorful and perfectly crunchy on the outside. I started with the heirloom tomato di parma. Served w/ prosciutto on grilled toast points and fresh, hand pulled mozzarella. Ask for a little sea salt and cracked pepper to bring out the flavors. Yum! For entree I ordered hand made fettuccine w/ wild mushrooms and white truffle oil. Fresh pasta is unbeatable! The texture of the noodles and taste of the delicate flavors were divine.  The Grilled Colorado lamb w/ chestnut torte and thyme roasted figs was the perfect treat for holiday season. The lamb was perfectly prepared and delicate in flavor. The chestnut torte has a mild gingerbread taste and texture. I really appreciated the creativity of this dish.  To top off the meal, we had bourbon bread pudding w/ pecans and malted rum gelato. I've had many bread pudding in my day. Its one of my favorite desserts. However, this was one of the best ever! It wasn't brick-heavy or too sweet like many (failed) attempts at this Southern favorite. The portion size wasn't outrageous either....I actually appreciated this.Our server, Jeff,  has tons of restaurant experience and is a quite knowledgeable, attentive server. Visit the Upstairs Lounge for after dinner drinks and pit fire relaxation if you have time. F*#! the recession (see my list): Summer Special : Two 3-course pre-fixe menus for $20 or $30. Bon Appetite!
5	Went back for our anniversary.LOVED IT!Seriously.  The homemade mushroom creme fettucine dish is sooooooooooooo good.  I got it with shrimp this time.  Delicious.My man got the filet, and it was hella good.  Especially for the $34 price tag.The chocolate souffle was amazing.  I loved everything!
4	I am surprised at the range of love and hate this restaurant has received on Yelp... and by Yelpers I trust--I had a wonderful experience! Although I can only review from the vantage point of the Upstairs portion of the restaurant...If you go for drinks and apps or maybe a shared pizza, this is a wonderful place. It feels still very under the radar... or maybe it's just me because I only frequent Scottsdale nightlife BEFORE it happens 5pm-9pm so it's fairly easy to park and also quiet still--I won't go there any other way!It's a bit pricey... but I was there on someone else's tab so I didn't feel it, but again, for apps or a shared pizza I think you'll walk out alive. I can wholeheartedly suggest the Funghi Pizza and the Margherita... they were piping hot and very tasty! The Bruschetta was crisp and freshly veggie topped drizzled with olive oil... just the way I like it. There was also a salami that was thinly cut and spicy that I liked... Now for the best part: The drinks!!! So interesting... this is where it gets pricey... about $12 each! But I'm a one cocktail kind of gal so I can splurge every now and again. After running my eyes down the list of options I decided to get the Jamboree and oh was it! I was tipsy halfway through and happy from the lime/pineapple/mango & passionfruit concoction. Next time I will try the Morroccon Mint Tea drink... see what I mean by interesting?I also like the ambiance... It's got an old/new juxtaposed vibe to it that works nicely. When I return for the Morroccan cocktail I'll take my friends advice and take it outside to the patio, but I quite liked the coziness of the loungey furniture arrrangements and large booths.Another nice touch is live music. Not my style, but it fits the feel of the bar and is better than the raving/dance beats I find at other restaurants that feel wrong... no ones dancing... we are sitting and eating... the music should reflect that... less there is a dance floor.As for service, we had a great waitress who had similar drinking taste to me. I think she treated us very well, whether serving us, taking away plates when we were done, splitting a glass of wine order generously, bringing a round of water post drinks and even having a long conversation with my tipsy self! Ha ha.
5	Had a wonderful meal here last Saturday evening. My husband and I both ordered the lamb which was very, very good....and I am from Australia so if there is one thing I know about food it is lamb! : )For dessert we shared the Bourbon Pecan Bread Pudding with Malted Rum Gelato ..... a true tastebud treat!The atmosphere is very picturesque.....this is definitely a restaurant that you could consider classy enough for Anniversaries, Birthdays and other Celebrations where you want to impress.The staff are among the best that I have ever experienced in Scottsdale. Very friendly, knowledgeable and accommodating. We were very lucky on this night to get a table inside without a reservation but I would recommend that you reserve as this is rare for a weekend night. I heard there is also an upstairs lounge but unfortunately we did not have time to check this out.....next time! : )
4	Have you taken a minute to watch the sunset lately?I had the best view from the patio at the Yelp mixer tonight. Very cool.I only had a ginger ale tonight (call me a cab already), but my drinking friends raved about the Strawberry Smash. And from the looks of things, it was pretty popular. But did I mention the patio?Loved it. Comfortable. Warm (especially by the fire pit). Inviting. Great for having a conversation with new friends.And the sunset? Fabulous.I can't wait to go back and try dinner.
4	Two years is a long time... I had the FTR for this restaurant over two years ago.  It was the worst review I've ever written for any business.  If you'd asked me two years ago to return to The Estate House, there was no way I'd say yes.But in two years, this place has really come a long way... I believe the three star bump I'm giving to my original review is thanks to Zoran, the GM, Chef Gio Osso, and a crew of friendly and attentive staff.  The Estate House is still as beautiful as I remember it being in February 2008, but it's perhaps even more beautiful now that they've got the ambiance, cuisine, and service to go with the physical beauty.My evening kicked off with a little mixer on the outdoor third floor patio.  Service was fantastic and drinks were strong.  I corresponded with guests at the mixer, but also with many of the Estate House staff.  From there, I went downstairs for a lovely dinner with my husband.  While the menu is still on the fancy side for me, I was pleased with everything from the appetizers to the dessert.  We ordered the Burrata and Scallop appetizers, and were served way too much fresh bread to start as well... Turns out they were out of Burrata but replaced it with the smoothest, creamiest, largest pillow of Mozzarella I've ever had.  We cleaned both plates.  Jared went with the Moroccan Seven Spice Grilled Lamb entree and I chose the Honey Saba Lacquered Black Cod.  Both were unique preparations with a ton of flavor.  I could've done without the candied pancetta on the cod, but that didn't stop me from eating way too much.  In addition, we had grilled asparagus and sauteed spinach... (the greens balance out everything else, right?!)We were stuffed but were joined by a couple of friends for dessert and shared the bread pudding and a chocolate peanut butter special... both were fabulous.  All of this while enjoying a bottle of wine.Needless to say, I am extremely happy I gave The Estate House another shot.  They've come a long way in two years, and I anticipate returning again soon.  I encourage you to do the same.**They are now open for lunch (which I must say looks very reasonable), and they have all kinds of special events including Cooking Classes, Easter Brunch, Simple Sunday Dinners, etc...
4	I've been to the Estate House before and actually did not stay for very long because the establishment just seemed a little too formal for my taste.I've changed my mind since attending the Yelp Mixer on Wed. night.  I don't know if it was the friendly Yelpers who were there to talk to everyone or just the right mix of people gathering at one point in time but I had a great time.The drinks were fabulous- I tried their pear concoction, their Strawberry Smash, and had a glass of champagne.  Champagne is my favorite drink of choice that goes without saying was good.  Both their pear concoction and Strawberry Smash had the right mix of alcohol and flavoring.  In fact, the Strawberry Smash is so delish, it's one of those drinks that you can have 5 of and think you are not getting drunk until you stand up and fall straight on your face!It was great to be out on the patio, met some great people, had some fun conversation.  One thing for sure, Yelpers know how to put on an event!
2	Enjoyed the outdoor patio.  Drinks were good when we could actually get them.  It seemed like the servers just walked around in circles not really doing anything.  And then they couldn't figure out how to transfer our check from the bartender to the cocktail server.  I highly doubt a place like that doesn't have a POS that can transfer checks...The only reason they are getting two stars is because of the great music of the Sahnas Brothers.
4	I had heard/read mixed reviews of The Estate House, so while the menu looked enticing, I wasn't quite sure if it would live up to my expectations. Let me tell you that it did. Food:We started with the Burrata a la Panna, burrata mozzarella cheese served with red peppers and toasted bread. DELISH! I ordered the Organic Irish Salmon and it was served with spinach and fingerling potatoes (I believe... I was so enthralled with the salmon I didn't really notice what else was there). My date ordered the filet, and while I thought it was a little on the small side, it was cooked perfectly and very tender. We ordered a side of asparagus thinking we would need it but it was unnecessary, delicious nonetheless.Service:Impeccable. Partly because we were one of only four occupied tables in the entire dining room. Regardless, we felt so taken care of and could not have been happier. Everyone, from the ladies who served the bread to the manager and hostess welcomed us and made us feel at home.Ambiance:The restaurant has this lovely east coast beach-y feel; sun bleached wooden floorboards, dark wood accents and interesting decorations. Plus:I mentioned that it was our two year anniversary when I made the reservation and they brought us the Bourbon Pecan Bread Pudding (what I was planning on ordering anyway) and the chocolate decoration had "Happy Anniversary" printed on it. While the prices are a bit steep, if you'd like somewhere for a special occasion that is in walking distance to other bars/night spots then give The Estate House a try, you won't be disappointed!
5	"What can I do to get you to stay? This is MY restaurant and I'd like to make you happy"You have to give kudos to a GM who approaches two unhappy, snarky women with a warm smile and a conciliatory approach. A GM who makes you feel like they WANT you to stay (as opposed to the assistant manager who stood there shrugging his shoulders at us.) Af GM who solves the problem and so we can  move onto a really nice dinner. Our bumpy start did not belie the rest of the evening. First up, the food:We started with the Burretta ala Panna, which is essentially a totally dressed-up-befitting-of-Scottsdale bruschetta...as in FAB-U-LOUS!  We also had the scallops which were perfectly cooked, a lot of places just don't do it right - they do. Yay! Then for dinner we split the Proscuitto and Basil Wrapped Borzino.  I have to say, I normally SKIP the fish entrees in Scottsdale (because I am spoiled rotten when it comes to fish) but THIS..THIS my desert dwellers is worth coming out of your shells for.. Interesting dish, great textures and perfectly seasoned. Memorable. It made me look up the chef..THAT'S how good it was. I figure we'll be hearing from him again. Our side of sauteed spinach was perfect and not dripping in goop, and our desert of green tea creme brulee with a totally tasty macaroon was creamy, yummy goodness.  We didn't graze the cocktail menu, though I wish I would have. We DID have a couple of wines by the glass. I will say, I wish those offerings were a little more extensive, but we did  find a nicely balanced Paso Robles Syrah that was new to me (and I am a Paso fanatic). I suspect there are other under-rated finds on the wine list. I love that, don't you? Finding some new wine to adore?The service was genteel and warm. My only comment about the service is that our server was new and he could have used some training on the menu. He'll be one of the best when he's been there a bit longer - go see him, he's adorable: Les. The atmosphere is Scottsdale-lush. We sat outside on our particular evening, but the restaurant's interior is GORGEOUS. I hate to bring this up because its plain bizarre, but the bathrooms are lovely. I mean, really, gold leaf wall paper? Doesn't feel like a recession in there. Honestly,despite all the raves, the most impressive thing about this restaurant was that they turned it around. We were ready to leave and we ended up staying because they made it clear that they wanted us to..and I am glad we stayed, we would have missed out on a great night. I'm sure I'll be back. It was worth coming over the entire Pacific just for that Borzino!
4	Went to a Raven event here last night, interesting layout concept. Lots of winding around. Loved the outdoor section where you can overlook Oldtown area. Only had water. Danced alot, great music/DJ but small dance floor! (I know that is common these days, miss the days of real clubs) Not much contact with staff, so no opinion here. If Raven picks a venue, there has got to be something good about it.
4	Let me start by saying this place would have gotten 5 stars had the upstairs lounge been better-but I'll start with the restaurant itself.A cleanly decorated establishment with a wonderfully tasty menu.  A group of 8 of use went to celebrate a birthday and everyone was impressed with the food as well as the surroundings-mainly the bathrooms!  The majority of the group ordered the prix fixe menu they offered which is a fantastic deal.  My husband went with the 30$ menu and received a caprese salad (okay-nothing to write home about) a 10 oz NY strip steak that was beautifully presented and exceptionally tender, side of baked mac&cheese (too rich for my liking) and a chocolate chip ice cream sandwich-all for 30$!   A great bargain as far as I was concerned.  The dishes I was not impressed with are not what I consider important, a salad and a side-not going to make or break my decision to come back.  The steak was perfectly executed and quite large for a prix fixe menu.I myself went with the branzino (mediterranean seabass) and was more than pleasantly surprised.  The fish was stuffed with fresh basil and wrapped with proscuitto and a carmalized cippolini sauce drizzled across the bottom.  This fish was hands down one of the best fish dishes I have had while living in Phoenix for the last 3 years and will be something I crave again.Dinner was a 8pm on a Saturday and I must say I was really disappointed with how quiet this restaurant was.  After the meal and service I had I would be expecting it to be a full house.  I know we are in AZ were people tend to eat earlier-but I thought I was in Scottsdale not Sun City!  Hopefully the quietness was just due to the early birds and not to this being "a hidden gem".  Perhaps the marketing team kicks it up a bit and gets this establishment the hustle and bustle it deserves.Now onto the upstairs lounge...a MAJOR dissapointment to say the least.  Great location, beautifully designed...way off the mark entertainment that turns the clients the restaurant wants...away.  Don't get me wrong, the music wasn't bad-rather entertaining, but for a different location-like a juke joint.  I would actually enjoy the band if I were more in the mood for a good bourbon and burger.  When we entered we were greeted with a blaring rendition of Lynard Skynard...NOT at all the atmosphere you would want after a high end meal in a place styled as such.This particular musician is also booked for about 6-7 weekends based on the lounges website-he also unfortunatley brings along a crowd of 20-something(and those that want to be) followers who's idea of dressing up is wearing flipflops with crystals on them with their TrueReligion jeans.  Im not knocking it-just not the vibe or atmosphere you would want at a place such as Estate House.If they turn this area around I could really see it vie for the after work professionals spot for drinks-give Olive&Ivy a run for their money and then turn into a great afterdinner lounge and hotspot for for those "in the know".  It will then be my favorite lounge to meet with clients after work, date night with the husband and the all important girls night out.
3	I had the $30 pre-fixe menu.  I chose the lemon grilled artichoke, raspberry chipotle glazed salmon and creme brulee.I liked the garlic aioli that came with the artichoke but the artichoke itself had very little meat.  Not really worth the effort.  The salmon was adequate but nothing special.  The salmon was served with coleslaw and fries.  The coleslaw was bland.  The fries were quite average but enhanced with the side of spicy aioli that I requested.  The creme brulee was adequate but not good enough to finish.I had high expectations for this place so the meal itself was a disappointment.The restaurant decor is attractive.  The service was good and our waiter was fantastic.  In fact, he's the only reason I'm giving three stars instead of two.I wouldn't return to the restaurant though I did enjoy the upstairs lounge.
2	I ate here during Restaurant Week and it was acceptable. The setting is lovely, without question. The decor is impeccable! But, the food was just OK. If it wasn't Restaurant Week pricing, I think I would've been disappointed. I had the rock shrimp ceviche which was topped with too much mediocre guacamole. The swordfish was simple and cooked very well. Simple is a good thing with fish, in my opinion. It had good flavor. I really enjoyed the tomatoes that accompanied it.  The fingerling potatoes were acceptable (though, they could have used a bit more seasoning). My dessert, Baba au Rhum, was OK. I notice none of these items, except the fingerlings, are on the regular menu but it seems you'd put your best foot forward during Restaurant Week, when you can count on some new customers who have been looking for an excuse to try your restaurant to seize the moment. In this case, they didn't create a new regular.
3	This place has closed down
2	I had heard that it had live music, and by looking at the pics of the lounge, that's where I wanted to take a date. I went on a friday night, at it was so-so busy. As i sat there, i was appalled at what I heard. I might as well have been at a dueling piano bar. Don't get me wrong, the musicians are good, but that room screams for classy jazz type entertainment, not people taking requests for zepplin. In my opinion, they're trying to use "young-type" music to attract crowds like blue martini does so well up in City North. If anyone from their management reads these, please don't try to be what you're not. Emphasize what's unique about yourself
