5	If I could consume an unlimited amount of calories, Secret Chocolatier would be on my speed dial. My first (and subsequent) run in with this local darling occurred at Atherton Market. I was minding my own business, gathering local produce and meats, nuts and dairy and then I see chocolate. Cue the music and internal dialogue...Me: Oooooh - I can order chocolates. And try them. And buy sipping chocolate. Holy hell, what is sipping chocolate?! I want some. Andy (nice man from Secret Chocolatier who hasn't heard my internal dialogue above): "Would you like to try some chocolate? Or how about some sipping chocolate?" Me (aloud now): "Yes. Yes please." So I forked over a few bucks to buy myself a teeny cup of sipping chocolate. At first I was a little peeved that I pay $2+ for a tiny cup filled with seemingly hot chocolate. Oh no, friends. This is liquid love. Their sipping chocolate is smooth and rich, sweet but not too sweet. It's. Amazing. And honestly, a tiny cup is likely all anyone can handle. And how about their cakes?! I popped into Atherton for a Slow Food Dinner and not only did they have said sipping chocolate, they had some delicious looking and tasting dark chocolate cake with cream cheese icing. Y'all are lucky I didn't pick up the cake and start running. Delightful, moist cake with absolutely perfect cream cheese icing. Suffice it to say that I'll be back to Secret Chocolatier very soon. And if you can't see them at the myriad of farmers markets they frequent, check 'em out online.
5	Ooey gooey deliciousness! My first experience of their yummy goodness was at one of the local art galleries. They had truffles, caramel sauces, and a cake in a jar. Yes, I said it, cake in a jar. It was fantastic! I didn't have room in my belly to eat dessert at the time, but once I got home, I popped it in the microwave for a few seconds (as instructed) and it came out warm and fantastic! I found myself scraping the sides of the glass and even skimming the bottom with my finger to get every last taste of its sweetness. I love how it's a locally owned business and they take pride in every creation. If you find them at a farmer's market or if they are showcasing at another gallery, pick up one of their tasty desserts and treat yourself (or skip the hunt and go directly to their online store). You deserve it and they deserve your business!
5	Chocolate like wow!  So many different flavors from espresso to fruit, simple caramel and even sophisticated tea infusions.  When I Google mapped "chocolate truffles" I never expected to hit the jackpot like this.  They even have flourless chocolate cake ready to go!
5	Until somewhat recently, you could only experience the wonder of The Secret Chocolatier if you waited until weekends and caught them at one of the markets around town, or if you ordered online and waited for the delivery.  No longer.  Now you can pop into the store at almost any time (they do close now and again) to satisfy your fix.Even better is that because Andy and company have a much larger space in their storefront means that they can provide so many more ways to please your sweet tooth.  At a market, the table only holds so many goodies.  Not the case here - you can see everything the have to offer, and since most of us do not have the luxury of eating it all at once, you can decide what you will get the next time.  And the next.  And the next...
5	Fantastic. They know their chocolate!
5	WHAM!  As soon as you walk through the door, you'll get hit with the scent of chocolate.  It envelops you and makes you salivate. This isn't like the sterile smell of walking into waxy Godiva at the mall.  This is an all-encompassing chocolate experience-- enhanced by an owner who clearly has a passion for the stuff. In the first 5 minutes, I learned the Hawaii is the only state in the US to grow chocolate (or what is it, cocoa beans?), flavors permeate fats like oils and cream,  and their truffles contain no stabilizers. Fascinating!  On this particular evening, I was looking for cake in a jar for gifts-- but because of the busy holiday season, the shop had run out.  No fear, I picked out a few truffles/caramels (including coconut and ginger).  The truffles never made it home.  The ginger was nicely flavored and truly melted as soon as you put it on your tongue.  The truffles aren't as big as the typical large 50-cent vending machine gumball size-- more like in-between the small and large gumball size.  But that's all you need.  They're rich and yummy. You won't find an enormous selection, but if you ask about any product, the owner will know everything about it.  (The mini packaged chocolate squares I bought? Created by some ivy league braniacs who turned their skills into chocolate making!) It makes you feel good about buying local. PS:  I was told the truffle flavors rotate a few times a year, and are oftentimes chosen/selected from customer feedback. (Basil? Did I hear you say basil? I want one! How about rosemary or passion fruit poppy seed?)
5	Pretty much ditto to all the stellar things my fellow Yelpers mentioned in their reviews. It's a small windowfront shop located inside Providence Plaza, at the corner of Providence & Sharon, with a lot of heart. As soon as I walked in I was just really impressed with the warm atmosphere. This is a family-owned business alright - even the cute little baby was at the shop (doing quality control, I imagine). The selection of truffles, bars, and other goodies (cake in a jar? cake in a jar!) is enough to send any chocoholic into a frenzy but that's not what happened to me on this visit. I just took in the whole scene in an almost Willy Wonka-esque appreciation. I settled for a bag of chocolate-covered marshmallows, a seasonal blend box of truffles, a brownie bite, and a pat on the shoulder for not making the content of the bag disappear on the drive home. I plan on returning many times in the near and not so near future to pick up more goodies to delight my friends and family with.
5	I can't really add much to what Sharon has said...  The boys and I like to pop in for a treat whenever we're in the neighborhood.  There is something special about buying and eating a gourmet chocolate when you can see them making more in the kitchen behind the counter.
5	Chocolaty goodness.  Enough said.  Everyone who has a wicked sweet tooth needs to stop by this family run store.  The first time I came here, it was for a Yelp event.  The staff was so nice and friendly, and Andy was nice and answering all my questions about chocolate.  It's a cute store that is nicely decorated.  The display shelf is nicely organized and clearly labeled with which chocolate piece you are giving googly eyes to.  It just smells wonderful the moment you open the door and step foot into the place.  I highly recommend the Cake in a Jar.  It's a good thing that I don't live so close to this place or I would be here weekly!Their littlest chocolatier is also so adorable, so that's another perk of going and visiting this place.
4	My goal for February is to buy myself chocolate at all of the new(ish) chocolatiers in town.  I know Secret Chocolatier's been around for a while, but I hadn't ever had any of their stuff since I got a free taste at a gallery crawl a couple of years ago.  So I thought I would re-try.  I got four pieces of chocolate:  a cinnamon truffle, a peppermint truffle, a chocolate covered salted caramel, and a chocolate dipped homemade marshmallow.  The latter two were the big winners.  The others were definitely good chocolates and nicely made, but the truffle fillings were very dense and heavy.  As I've gotten older, I'm finding that I like lighter-weight fillings in my chocolate, airy buttercreams or fruit fillings.  So it's not them, it's me?  There just weren't too many non-truffle options at Secret Chocolatier on the day I visited.  I would totally go back for those marshmallows (I'm a sucker for anything that involves dark chocolate around a marshmallow) and to try the drinking chocolate and cakes.
5	OK, so being the raging chocoholic that I am, I am always on the lookout for a place to get my fix.  I also have developed somewhat strict standards for the chocolates that I consume.  With that being said... the guys at The Secret Chocolatier have filled all of my needs wonderfully.  I have been a big fan of this place since I first found out about them!  Besides the shop made truffles, marshmallows, cake in the jars, etc... Secret Chocolatier also boasts a very nice collection of american made chocolate bars, and I'm not talking about Hersheys... this is a grouping of chocolate bars that unless you order directly from the manufacturer you might never get some of these without driving several hours away.  So if you are looking for a tasty snack for yourself or a gift for someone else, please check this place out.  After several visits to the Secret Chocolatier I have never left with a disappointed or let down feeling.
5	Mmmm chocolate.  The key to many girl's (and guy's) hearts.  Mine included.  When my dad surprised me with a variety of fine truffles for Valentine's Day this past year, I immediately transcended to chocolate heaven.  I know, I know...some of you are probably thinking- 'was her dad really her valentine?'  But my thoughts were simply- 'where did you find these tiny balls of joy?!'  The answer: The Secret Chocolatier.  Even though my box of chocolates also came in the form of a game, (since I never knew what flavor truffle I was popping in my mouth,) I wound up having some favorites.  They include the dark chocolate, peanut butter, and regular milk chocolate truffles.  The chili-flavored truffles added a nice and unique twist; however, only the most experienced of chocolatiers should indulge in this delicacy.  All I know is that I definitely came out a winner and this is one game I would surely play again...Located on the corner of Sharon and Providence Roads, The Secret Chocolatier is a fairly new, small, family-run business.  Friendly and welcoming, they are seeking success and satisfaction from the sweet tooth of every customer that walks through their door.
5	What a lovely chocolate shop. The Secret Chocolatier is always ready with beautiful, rich, tasty chocolate treats. I love going in the shop because they have such interesting truffles and chocolate bars for sale. They make a great selection of uniquely flavored truffles. My favorites are the aniseed and earl grey.I love that it is a family business, and you can tell when you walk in. The whole family is there, helping to craft what are some of the best sweets I've tasted. The Secret Chocolatier has become my favorite place to buy Charlotte-specific goodies to give as gifts to out-of-town guests or to bring to family and friends when I travel to see them. Check them out. Whether it is for a quick truffle snack or an indulgent gift box of gorgeous chocolates, The Secret Chocolatier will exceed your expectations!
5	When we walked in, a one year old boy was in Grandma's arms behind the counter: a family business.  Even better, one bite and I was transported, eyes closed and completely unaware of my surroundings, to chocolate heaven. Exquisite. The box only made it home because it was out of reach in the back seat. Once home, I find myself not wanting to eat anything after one of these truffles...don't want to lose the lingering taste in my mouth.  Sighhhhh.
5	There are no better truffles than these.
5	Family-owned, operated, crafted. Just the kind of place I like to learn about. Though I'm not much of a chocoholic, I love the art of chocolate and checking out small shops like SC. The aroma alone that you're pummeled with upon entering is enough to make your sweet tooth swoon. After months of dillydallying and unfortunately only being in the area on Mondays (when they are closed) we finally got a chance to check out the assortment of chocolates and other products. Had a great time chatting with the owners and hearing a little about their story. We ended up grabbing 6 different truffles -- White Chocolate Pumpkin, Serrano Pepper and Chocolate, Cardamom, Milk Chocolate, and I can't remember the other 2. All were absolutely fantastic. True to their respective flavors without being overpowering, understated, or boring. The most interesting by and large was the cardamom. The kicker? Drinking chocolate. Think hot chocolate, but 10x as rich, and not with an overly present dairy flavor. It was so decadent and pleasing to sip on. It was in a tiny cup, but man a little bit goes a long way. I'd highly recommend to anyone, especially if you've never tried anything like it before. They also sell a bunch of other bar chocolates, cakes, and....cakes in jars. I'd never heard of anything like this before, but I'm so intrigued. Can't wait to check one out for the sheer fact that it's a freaking cake in a jar!Thank, Secret Chocolatier, for being so amazing! Will be back very, very soon.
4	We got a nice variety of chocolates from here.  The vanilla creme was outstanding.  If you are looking for some higher quality chocolates, then I would definitely check this place out.
5	So I love chocolate... seriously big time chocoholic!! However I can be very picky about my chocolate. I can tell the difference between good and bad chocolate and I can tell when truffles are made with love. Let me tell you the truffles at the Secret Chocolatier are absolutely made with love. This family business was introduced to me by a friend who gets her pedicures next door (will review that later as it's an awesome place too).  She took me into the shop one afternoon and I was instantly enchanted by the smells that wafted my way.  Obviously I had to buy, there's just no way to walk into a chocolate shop and not take something home!! So I got a little sampler that I put together took it home and made a cup of hot tea.  Not a single one of the 5 truffles I got lasted the night.  Some of my favorites are the Earl Grey, Jasmine Green Tea, and Cardamom truffles.  There are some more that I enjoy as well but many times their truffles are seasonal and they are always ever changing.  These three never fail to be there when I go though!If you are looking for amazing chocolate and some amazing people to support through your patronage I highly suggest giving them a try. I can't imagine you will be sorry!!
4	I can keep this short and sweet: EVERYTHING IS GREAT. Best truffles in America!
4	Their dark chocolate truffles are probably the best in Charlotte. Their prices match the quality; the only off note is that if they want to charge Teuscher like prices I expect something a bit more upscale than a cheap bag when I pay $10 for 4 truffles. Please if you're selling high end truffles wrap them with the respect they deserve and that I have paid for.
5	Happy Easter indeed, because the Secret Chocolatier was open, and I was able to get an entirely unplanned, vanilla bean buttercream filled dark chocolate bunny. Probably the most delicious chocolate I've gotten from these guys so far, it reminded me of the many delicious buttercreams I tasted in Bruges a few years ago. Mmm, buttercreams.
5	This place is amazing... family owned and operated and the chocolate is super good. I am not a huge chocolate person, I went to get something for my friends birthday, had the 7 deadly sins cake and I went back the on Monday to get more and they were closed.. I was crushed. I should have checked the hours. They have a good variety and you can choose what you want... I have started going when guests are comming as a nice treat, 1-2 pieces of chocolate a person.. everybody is always impressed. Great spot for a 'unique' gift that didnt come from some box store.
4	Their chocolate is quite tasty, but their truffles were not for me. For example, the chai truffle has a very strong kick of ginger, but I prefer chais that are smoother. I also like a thicker coating of chocolate on my treats. Don't let my personal preference stop you from trying some, though. I tend to be picky. The shop is family owned and operated and everything is made fresh. We've been in a few times since they opened and the family has always been very pleasant to chat with. If you're looking for a savory bite or something a little different to treat someone you love, definitely pop in and check out the variety of chocolate treats.
4	This review has been in the works since June 2011... I visited this place four times in the Summer of 2011 and chose not to write a review!  I tasted one of each and every item they had, which included ever truffle, every flavor! January  2013  I see I'm still the only person on yelp who was not stunned by this place!  So I checked them out to see if something was temporarily wrong with my taste buds or, or... - _ _  and it seems they are improving...My Taste Buds, the Chocolate or maybe Both!The Husband and Wife Team are very sweet and are the reason I gave them so many tastes before writing my final word and rating...They say the Chocolate is Tempered and that they do not use WAX  and it seems they do not, the Chocolate melts in your mouth or hands if you hold it that long (I do NOT)... This is a good sign!3-20-2013 Blueberry Chocolate Bark and the Banana Chocolate Bark were my Favorites of EVERYTHING I have eaten here and Very Good Bark compared to most Barks I have eaten!  Based on the Bark ONLY it is easy to give them 4 yelp stars!
5	Excellent chocolate treats and service.  The orange cardamom bark is a must try!  I was a bit apprehensive to try it, but so glad I did...it is so delicious!  I have loved everything I have tried from here.
4	Although we live just around the corner, we had yet to try The Secret Chocolatier. So glad we did! It was a rainy Saturday and a mini chocolate craving crept up... so I went on Yelp and ended up stopping in. We selected milk chocolate caramel's, espresso truffle, cardamon truffle, dark chocolate dipped smore on a stick, and grabbed one of the many chocolate bars on the retail end. ( not in the case)So glad we eventually gave in to the craving!
3	Bday eat fest continued...so, saw this awesome pic of "cake in a jar"; they left out a few adjectives like "stale cake in a jar".  Seriously a  "picture is worth a thousand words" is about the only thing I can say, as it did look good in the smallish jar.  Disappointing cause I scoped out this web site/co for at least 2 weeks before my bday and, if you're like me, you do NOT want to be disappointed when you cheat on a dessert AND it's your BDAY!! Also got these chocolate covered  marshmallows that tasted like chocolate covered aspirins!   I give this place 3 stars cause we got some chocolate covered cherries that were, ok.  But cool nice ambiance
4	I tried a few of their truffles, and all were pretty tasty. The chai truffle had a strong chai taste that I liked, but ended up being a little too sweet for my taste. I also tried a sea salt caramel, which was very buttery but not remarkable. My favorite was probably the white chocolate truffle, which had a unique and subtle salty taste that contrasted nicely against the creaminess of the truffle. Overall, nice gourmet truffles with interesting ingredients but lacking complexity in taste (both in chocolate and filling). Not the best I've had, but they were all still good. I should also note I'm extremely picky about chocolate - the service was really great, and if you're in the area you should still give it a try.
5	Good quality chocolates, fun desserts and a friendly staff.
5	Went back after I received a coupon from Andy (thanks Andy) and we were very satisfied with the various truffles and Bon bons.  The vanilla creme Bon bon was especially good as was the 68% dark chocolate truffle.  Compared to our first experience, this one left a great impression.  We will definitely go back!
