1	This  place is very efficient at extracting money from customers.The first thing that irritated me is that they wanted $84 for an hour's labor to diagonse why one of the back doors wouldn't open from the outside.  (Any repairs would cost extra.  They failed me on my safety inspection, so I had to get the door fixed.) I asked them if there was any chance that the bill would be less than $84 if were to take less than an hour to diagnose.  I was told that the minimum labor charge would be for an hour, and that it would not be less.I told the repair guy that I would only consider returning to Canadian tire if it took me more than 5 minutes to diagnose the problem myself.  As expected, by popping of the rear door panel I was able to find the problem in about 4 minutes!  The true "hourly" rate would have been much more than $84!  Furthermore, that particular car (a 94 volvo) has about one failure mode for the door handle (a flimsy connector joining the door handle to a metal rod going down to the lock): A mechanic experienced with Volvos would have immediately had a good idea what the problem was without looking. I ordered a used door handle from a toronto parts shop and screwed it on myself.I was also dismayed that they failed me on my nitrous oxide emissions (which were 50% above the allowed limit) and wanted $100 to diagnose the problem to determine whether my old volvo with 65K miles on it was worth repairing.   I asked them if they had heated up the engine before running the test, and they said it was at normal operating temperature.Not willing to take their word for it after their attempted fast one on the door lock, I took the car for a 10-minute warm up on the freeway and went to another emissions inspection station.  This time it sweaked by, no need to pay $100 to find out  what expensive repairs Canadian tire might want.  (BTW, I found out that the reason I have nitrous oxide emissions is because I don't drive my car very much.)I have no plans to return to Canadian tire, so there will be no future updates to this review.  (Admittedly, it   will always be based on only 1 trip to Canadian tire, but I think that they are to blame for that.)
1	I had a similar experience to the previous reviewer on this store.   When I moved here from Michigan, my car required some modifications in order to be fit to drive on Canadian roads, and Canadian Tire have the contract with the government to do that.   Very small modifications ended up costing me close to $3000.    I felt completely at their mercy and talking to a mechanic after the fact (at the time I knew NO-ONE), he felt I had been ripped off.   They were not very responsive to questions or phonecalls.  Very shabby treatment and very condescending.   Amazed people still take their cars there.
4	I don't know why people don't like this Canadian Tire store. (Please note that I have not used their automotive service centre, which I understand is a source of complaints.) I find the store to be well organized and the staff is very helpful and efficient in helping you find what you need and get on your way. One time they had trouble finding an item in stock and the staff went out of their way to help me find the item at another local Canadian Tire store and called them to hold the item for me, which I appreciated. There is lots of parking and the gas bar at the end of parking lot is very convenient. I am very happy to be a customer of this Canadian Tire store.
5	I can't lie...I love this store! They have everything! And the people that work there are all incredibly helpful.
1	The automotive parts department in this store is terrible. I was put on hold and forgotten about for 15 minutes. Finally hung up and called back only to be put on hold again for at least 15 minutes. Called the store on Erb Street and was helped immediately. It is out of my way to go to Erb Street but worth it for the service. The Weber Street store is terrible.
