1	What does it take for a restaurant like Elio to lose interest in their customers??? I used to be a fan of this place.  I had not visited the said address for about 2 years, and now the quality of the food, the cleanliness, even the house wine has left a very bad taste in my mouth... I ordered the pescatore pastas and I couldn't even engulf 6 bites: the shrimps (even the smaller ones) were tougher than rubber, the clams felt like they had not been rinsed, the linguini was over-cooked... both my glasses of water and wine were filthy.  No one asked me why I could not finish my meal, and were acting like they could not care less about my surprised expression at the table... I was simply stunned. And so disapointed to have lost what used to be one of my favorite italian eateries of all time.  I left bummed and hungry.
3	Good value for your money although not always consistent in the food quality. This is not a place to impress your date, it's very casual. I have been coming here ever since it was just a hole in the wall and will keep coming back. Trust me, you will not leave this place hungry because of the generous portions.
5	Amazing italien food, amazing pizza ( all dress and sea food pizza are my all time favorite). The service is amazing as well. The owner Frank is really friendly!!
5	This is the kind of old-fashioned Italian restaurant that I love!  Brightly lit, well-worn menus with lots of options, 1920's building and decor and friendly and attentive service.The pizza was first rate as was an order of spaghetti carbonara (prepared in the correct manner without cream).  Osso bucco was tender and toothsome and starters of grilled shrimp and bruschetta were both terrific.  They were 86 on a couple of choices but that is only a paean to their evident popularity.  Great cappuccino too,Dinner for four without dessert but with a bottle of house wine (a very decent red Abruzzese selection, BTW) and with espresso/cappuccino came to only 128.50 and we were stuffed.We look froward to returning on our next visit to Montreal
5	My folks grew up going to Elio's - so it's been around a LONG time, and is still owned by Elio's family. Luckily for me, my parents shared this gem of a restaurant with me  years ago :)So first, don't expect fancy decor because I don't think they've redecorated since they opened the restaurant 30 years ago. This is a really traditional, family-style restaurant with no bells and whistles. The focus is on the FOOD. If you get there past 5pm on a weekend, you can expect a line-up.  That said, you can call ahead to order takeout.In my opinion, Elio makes the best pizza in town. They're not cheap on the toppings, and I find their all-dressed to be a well-rounded mix of pepperoni, bell pepper, mushrooms and cheese. The crust is perfect - not too thick. I also appreciate that their crust is never wet like some places!  Their pasta dishes are equally good, with my favorite being the cavatelli. I'm not sure if they make their own pasta but if not, the guy they get it from does a real good job of giving me that illusion!  Elio's sauce is so good that I never leave the resto without buying a jar or two. Yup, Elio stocks the front fridge with sauce and a few pastas for those of us who want to bring some home. Elio offers a few different pastas and sauces that you can 'mix and match' if you like. They are very generous with their portions, so you'll leave there with a Buddha belly and quite possibly, a doggy bag. As well, their prices are super affordable. What are you waiting for? GO!
3	Very casual,always very crowded in the evenings, you have to get in line and wait for your turn to be seated,should a spot come up and it's your turn. The decor probably has never been changed since the 50's, the noise and wait staff hustling and bustling level is high. As for the food,I've only ever had their all dressed pizza,of which I am not a fan,but must say, this one was very good. Crust not too thick,not soggy and the pepperoni not greasy or spicy. I did not feel that I could relax and enjoy my meal,as all the wait staff shouting and running back and forth made me feel rushed and pressured to finish and leave, so that other customers still waiting in line could have a table.
5	Simply delicious.  They know how to make there crust hearty, yet light and we'll cooked underneath.  One thing though, if you do not like Tomato sauce with a bit of a kick, you may be disappointed.  Choose other pizzas without red sauce.  Oh, and bring an appetite because the portions are family hungry man size.  Excellent Pizza for the aficionados of traditional* style pizza.  If your Italian, or like spicy foods, there Pizza Sauce  is on the spicy side.  Crust is the key.  Depending on the time of the day, they are most of the time flexible with modifying your pizza toppings.  Take out or Eating in, you Simply CAN'T go wrong at Elio's...  A lot of Restaurants can't say that any more.  They treat you right, and for the money it's simply one of the best bangs for the buck.
3	i grew up in the neighborhood and we would always get their pizza every week or so. it's the only place that i actually eat with a fork and knife.. compare to some joints, they do not skimp on the toppings. you could probably make a 2nd pizza out of that mountain of toppingsif only they'd offer delivery, i wouldn't have to deal with the cheap pizza joints anymore
4	Gargantuan portions, ok service and the decor is stuck in the 80's.But the food is what matters to me.The pizza-ghetti is a 10" pizza and a full pound of pasta, so much meat in their abondaza. For about $14, it's enough for 2 people, or 3.I wish I could say the dough is that heavenly dough dreams are made of, but it's pretty generic, sort of like the square pizzas sold in supermarkets. But when it's fresh, it's good.Their steaks are ridiculously cheap and did I mention the portions.This place is located in front of a city bus depot and there is a courthouse and a large office tower a block away, so that could explain why they're always packed most of the time.   The location might seem a bit isolated, but so many plusses in it's favor (private parking lot) and it's one block away from both Beaubien and Rosemont Metro.
5	Neighborhood pizza joint that's been here forever!! Tuesday nite dinner during hockey playoffs and still had room, though noisier and quite spirited (Go Habs Go!!). Half liter of house red, piccata limone for the better half and Franco pizza for me. Amazing service, grey tasting food, still one if the best restos in the area. Keep it up.
5	What can I say that hasn't been said? I love this place. My go to place for amazing pizza and pasta! I never ever had a bad meal here. It's loud, proud and Italian! For large groups reservations are a must!
