4	I'm so glad I speak culinary....my "parlez-vous Anglais" can only get me so far...as does "merci," "bonjour," and "bon nui".  The menus don't have to be in English for me to find my way in keeping my belly happy.  My last day in Montreal this week and even amid the craziness of letting my sponge brain fill to the brim with all things job related we found time to have lunch. And I'm soooo glad we did.  Soup Soup is a bustling open room with 15' ceilings, exposed brick, simple wooden tables with an eclectic collection of teacher's chairs, 60's half moon chairs and simple stools.  We were seated at a farm style table that more than one party shares (these are my favorite kind of places because I love starting conversations with just about anyone).  A bottle of still water, glasses and a napkin with just a spoon on it was readied in a split second during the time it took us to hang up our winter coats.  Two floor to almost ceiling blackboards served as soup and sandwich and dessert menus.  There were several to choose from but here is what we ordered today:Calabrese-slices of slightly spicy salami, grilled nectarines, tomato and a caramelized onion mayo found its way onto 2 of my co-worker's plate...for me, I went with the Chevre, puree apricot and grilled asparagus sandwich.  I know I know, but Cheryl you aren't that big a fan of Goat Cheee - I can hear my husband say....I just couldn't help myself, and I was greatly rewarded by my choice.  Both sandwiches were served on the freshest Ciabatta.  The tartness of the cheese spread on this fresh bread, with a schmear of the smooth sweet apricot puree topped with the smokey flavor of the grilled asparagus just took my breath away. Let's move on to the namesake of this restaurant...the soup.  Two specific offerings caught our eye and we were sold!  My choice was the papaya/coconut/ginger soup.  Geez Louise was this incredible.  This flavorful broth, chicken undertone, had absorbed the sweetness of the papaya and micro-planed ginger topped off with coconut water.  There were chunks of papaya, slices of yellow onion, okra (yeah, okra), all throughout the bowl.  What a perfect infusion of flavors and just the right amount of seasoning.....the only, and I mean only comment against this perfection is that it could have used just a tad more salt and pepper, but simple enough to remedy one's self.The other choice of soup today was the onion beer soup.  Perfectly sauteed or sweatted onions swam in a hearty beef broth that had a heady overtone of beer throughout.  No cheese topped this bowl of goodness, and to tell you the truth I think it would have ruined the dish!With a bowl of soup and a half sandwich filling our bellies we gladly paid our bill and walked the 10 minute distance back to our office on Peel.  Happy Happy, Joy Joy is all I can say.  If you haven't taken your lunch there, you gotta go.  This will certainly be a repeat visit for me....already planning when that will happen  :)
4	Fantastic little family run restaurant with unique soups served with great bread. If you like a little variety, go for a soup and sandwich combo, they're pretty well all great. Personally I prefer the Duluth location to the one on St-Viateur, but they're both good.I'd recommend a soup or sandwich, but its changing all the time; be adventurous and try something new!
4	You would think after leaving this place with one server and chalk board menus in French I would be upset, no.  No, that was not the case. The Manhattan Clam Chowder was like no other with the freshest ingredients. Enjoy the moment, hang out with good company, and enjoy your meal.
4	Ended up here for lunch after seeing the massive line outside Schwartz's. This is a nice spot for a healthy lunch. There is a good selection of hot and cold soups and a few sandwiches. The menu is not big and changes frequently (during the hour or so we were there, 2 soups sold out and new ones were put up on the blackboard). Everything is super-fresh. The space is casual and inviting with a few small outdoor tables. I like that soups are available in small, medium, and large (large would be good enough for a meal on its own) and sandwiches are available as half or whole. I had a small cream of cauliflower and zucchini soup with a portobello and goat cheese sandwich on baguette. Delicious, simple, and flavourful. DC's also liked their orders -- a beet soup with sour cream, a chilled tomato soup, shrimp sandwich on a hotdog bun... We shared the pudding chomeur (after reading Ben L.'s recommendation). It's sweet and buttery and delicious -- great for sharing too. I wish we had room to sample the other desserts on offer, like the berry crumble, homemade cookies, or panna cotta -- all reasonably priced under $5. Service was friendly. They had to ask us again for our order because they mixed up who had which soup with which sandwich, but they were very polite and efficient about it. I also like that unlike most places in Montreal they don't immediately switch to English if you are Anglophone (they'll switch if you switch, but if you want to speak French, albeit with an accent, they will let you).
3	Cute little place. I like the whole concept. I just wish they put a little more something something on the plate. They dumped the combo option which I liked. If you split it up now it's a little on the pricey side. They also run out of sandwiches fairly quickly.
2	A very cute place. The food tasted pretty good...but not a good value at all. For fifteen dollars I got a tiny sandwich (but delicious) and a very average tomato salad. Everything did taste fresh, but it felt a bit boring and they didn't pay as much attention to detail as I would've liked. The waitress was not friendly at all. I tried their gazpacho on a different occasion and it was delicious, but they got rid of the combos, which I really don't like.
4	Boeuf and aubergine soups were yummy for a cold day. They hit the spot!
