3	This place is in the most ghetto but cool place I have ever been in my life, well maybe not, but at least lately. Every time I have been here so far, a seriously degenerate issue comes up. The latest issue was a Mexican man approaching me and my boyfriend very drunk and just talking to me, out of the blue. That same day some weird cheesy looking guy from Seattle was there obsessing on a nearby slot machine and too eager to have small talk with me.A couple months prior, a woman passed out drunk and fell out of her chair. After she regained consciousness, she asked the waitress for some free food and I offerred half of my late night breakfast in which he carried out of the restaurant and was chased down by the chef for stealing the dishes. I like the chef or should I say, cook there. He is very nice and extremely friendly. There are pool tables, darts, a cigarette machine, and a jukebox. It's a super dive with some character, but if it were not up the street and if my boyfriend didn't like their pizza so much, I would not come here.I must admit though that the drama here is really funny and I am a little bit attracted to the scenery.Plus, they have PBR on tap and cheap house wine that you can get comped if you put money in their slot machines. But be careful, their slot machines are old and the buttons are sticky and easy to make mistakes on. If you are drunk, you could easily lose a lot of money fast!
1	not a phillies or eagles bar as they claim to be. asked the bartender/owner how the phillies were doing and can you get them on tv. her response was"i don't care about that". that means she doesn't care about my business. keep your ghetto cliente and keep watching your cooking shows.
1	cops in the parking lot looking for drugs and dui's. i wanted to watch the eagles game here, but i don't need cops harrassing me when i leave. avoid this area like the plague.
2	I've experienced better hole-in-the-walls, unfortunately, until an other Eagles theme bar becomes public, this is my go to place. I called to confirm the last viewing of the Eagles game. She confirmed and even pitched Philly favorites like scrapple and cheese steaks. Right away, I was enthused. Come Sunday, I arrived at half time. Tried to order scrapple and eggs- they were out. She assured me that they have never ran out before. So, I got the cheese steak. It seemed authentic, but the meager portions were so west coast.  Somewhere in the mix, I asked for Flyers' score from the night before, but had to resort to another patron's info.  Found out later that the Philly menu was only available for the hours of the game.I guess I shouldn't bash them for being only an Eagles themed bar rather than a Philadelphia themed bar. But I can say if you run out of Eagles-themed menu items early in the second half and get me askin' where's the beef in the cheese steaks, the delivery needs improving.If I find scrapple somewhere else, I may not return.
4	Don't judge a bar by the strip mall it's located in. This is the best spot for Eagles games. Last night I met up with some friends to watch the Eagles game at Madison Ave. (If you are an Eagles fan, you HAVE to come here for a game) The beer was inexpensive, the staff was attentive and friendly and the football fans were great. This was the best football watching experience I have had in Las Vegas. This is a modest establishment that takes care of its customers. On a side note, the cheesesteaks were pretty good and they handed out tastycake bites at halftime.
