4	Vegas....  slot machines, beer and cigs.  That's all you need to survive.food items are a little over priced.  $5 for bag of trail mix?they people are nice. the place is clean and organized.beer choices are standard fare, but nice and cold.they have pretty much everything you need for a mini-vacation.sun-tan lotion, chips, cards, beer, coffee, milk, cereal and condoms....**bonus:  lots of strippers shop here :)
3	Cheap, convenient place to stock up if you are on your way to the Strip from the MacCarran rental car place.
1	Open 24 hours including the pharmacy but if you have a choice go elsewhere-anywhere! I was in misery, I broke a tooth, had to go to UMC clinic and this was the nearest 24 hour pharmacy. There was nobody else in line in the drive-thru and Bola (Ebola) told me she was too busy to fill my prescription and asked what time the next day I wanted to pick it up. I told her I wanted to wait for it and she said it would take too long to put me in the system. I informed her I was already in the system and I would wait. She said it would take 1 HOUR to find my information and if someone pulled up behind me I would have to drive around the building and get behind them. Then I told her I needed to speak to the pharmacist AND the store manager and that lit a fire under her ass. I gave her my insurance card which she claimed she did NOT know how to process then walked off for 20 minutes while it was freezing outside and I had 2 kids in the car! Finally, I had to honk the horn for what seemed like forever and she strolled back to the window still eating her egg salad which was all over her face and pharmacy tech smock and said, "What?" I said where is my prescription? I've been here an hour! She said I thought you didn't want it because I didn't use your insurance. I AGAIN had to ask for the store manager AND pharmacist and she magically remembered how to process insurance! I finally got my Rx's then she asked to see my driver's license to "Log it" because I got pain pills and started to berate me like a drug addict for having a broken tooth and being in pain! My next sentence began, "Look bitch..." People like her are the reason I don't carry a concealed hand gun. Lazy and abusive just because she can be and of course illegal and threatening some kind of African Voodoo Mojo. Totally bizarre. Never again will I visit that store. Total BS. I have never had any issues with another pharmacy except Target in Boca Park when the pharmacist refused to fill my husband's Rx when he had just left the hospital. She quizzed him on his room number, doctor, etc. and I saw her do it to other black customers. When I walked up and tore into her ass she shut up since I'm Caucasian and she got reported to the licensing board. These people are what is wrong with health care in America. It's not bad enough that you have to deal with your insurance company, then you have to deal with this crap too!
5	I only went here to get a prescription filled on Christmas Day and I'm giving this place a 5 stars because it is open on holidays. As far as I can tell everything else looks like all the other CVS. As far as customer service. I cant comment on that because I didn't buy anything
1	Because the bathroom was locked and no one was around to help, decided to get my stuff at Walgreens instead. Don't know why I still come into CVS stores....always disappointed.
1	Waited for five minutes for someone to acknowledge me. Go to Target on Blue Diamond, much more helpful!
2	Nice and clean but grossly overpriced compared to Walgreens or rite aid.  Bathrooms locked which sucks when you have a 3 hour drive ahead of you. Not worth the stop.
3	Great Service and convenient location
2	All I can say is they need better customer service!!! This is from the pharmacy to the cashier in the front. Its like sorry you work here but, at least you have a job!!!
3	This is my most frequented CVS, mostly based on location and the pharmacy is open 24/7.I also really like that they have a drive thru. I can drop or pick up my prescriptions with ease on the way home from work.  Staff is usually friendly. I do recommend giving them 1-2 hours to fill prescriptions. They don't seem to be able to get them ready earlier than that. I've always assumed it's because this is a pretty busy location, but I'm not sure.
1	Grr! I called before I drove over to confirm that they had a copy machine. Spoke to a woman on the phone who confirmed they did have one. I guess it is my fault because I didn't ask if it was operational. When I get there I went to the photo department to all about the copy machine. A woman directed me to the back of the store on the right hand side. I found the copy machine and stuck a few quarters in to make my copies. It lights up but doesn't make any copies. At this point I'm very irritated, so I go back to the front and speak with a nice man. He tells me the copy machine had been down very several days. He asks if I want my quarters back but no, what I want is to make some copies... It just frustrates me that neither the woman on the phone or the women in the store cared enough to know that the copy machine in their store doesn't work. There was no Out of Service sign. This is just terrible customer service as far as I'm concerned.
1	This is the worst CVS Pharmacy ever, well at the very least in California and Nevada. Want to wait in a line of 10 people to check out....? Well then come here!  Want everything locked up so you have to actually call someone to help you ? ....This is your place!  Would you like a side of attitude with your checkout process when you suggest they might want to call another cashier with 8 people in line?  Well then Susan is your girl! Maybe they should institute a policy that  more than 3 people are in line or two people that have shopped for year, call another cashier immediately. The only way they finally opened up another register is a associate happened to walk by by and notice it. Not the first incident of this. I am going to avoid this place at all costs in the future.
1	So I bought 1 item. After payment went through I remembered I had a coupon. I asked the cashier Susan if I could use it. Susan said "but it's done already." I asked if she could void it. So she voids and asks "so you don't want it anymore?" I said that I do but I just wanted to use my coupon. As she is ringing me up again, she tells her coworker next to her "she's just doing this to get another extra care buck". I did not even KNOW that another one would print out. She could've waited til I left the store to talk smack about me instead of me standing 2 feet in front of her!
4	We came here late at night to make our purchases since we were staying in a hotel nearby.  Every time we came, the employees were always friendly.
5	The pharmacy is great! Very helpful, fast and always calls me when I need refills or when they are ready. Thanks to the pharmacy staff for always working hard and helping me out!
1	I was waiting for the text to pick up my  antibiotics for three hours.  Called twice and was left on hold until I hung up.  When I showed up they weren't busy and the woman didn't even apologize. She said "oh well".  I usually come here but there's an increase of ambivalent behavior of the staff.  Which is a shame bc there are two Pharmacy techs there that are so great.
1	Oh WOW! Talk about poor customer service. I came here because I was incorrectly charged at another CVS and this was on my way home. I waited in the long line and explained to the cashier that the lotion I bought was buy one get one 50% but didn't come up. She had a tough time understanding and kept pointing to a face wash wash that came up 50% off, but that was a separate buy one get one 50% off. After she figured it out she said she had to call the manager. The manager came out and looked at the lotion, then left and came back saying that it was not the right lotion. I explained that the product was in the ad. I started trying to pull it up on my phone and the manager walked away. I found an exact picture of the product in the weekly ad and waited in line AGAIN!  I showed the cashier the ad on my phone and she called the manager again. I showed the manger my phone. She barely looked at it and said oh that's probably just an online deal. I explained that it was the store ad for this zip code. I also asked for the stores physical ad, since she wasn't believing me. The manager looked around for a bit and then pushed one towards me and said "you look, I got to do something" and then just walked away. Unbelievable! I found it right away and then had to wait for her to come back so long, I didn't think she was coming back. When she came back I think she was surprised I was still there. I showed her the item, there in black and white it listed the lotion. She still denied it and continued with her poor attitude. I asked her to then show me the st. ives 6.5 oz spray lotion that was on sale. She then huffed and puffed and said "I'll just give you the cash." I could not believe this attitude coming from the manager.
1	This review is strictly for the pharmacy.IF YOU HAVE A CHOICE, GO ELSEWHERE! I've been here a few times and I always left a little irritated. This is the closest 24 hour pharmacy by me but I try to avoid it if I can. I usually wait until the next day to go to my usual CVS. Unfortunately, my mom needed her prescriptions right away.I drop off the prescriptions for my mom. The guy said it would take about 30-35 minutes. Okay cool! Since my mom had to take food with her medication, we decided to stay close by and order some food to go. We got back to CVS after about 45 minutes. It turns out that they haven't even started the prescription. They were extremely backed up and it would take 2 hours!! UMMM WHAT?! NO. I was quoted 30-35 minutes and the guy who was helping me earlier was no longer there. Then they told me it would be ready for me in 1 hour. Apparently, they couldn't do anything better than that. I don't understand why they couldn't fill it right then and there. If they had originally quoted me 2 hours, I wouldn't have made it a big deal. It's understandable that they are backed up and I would've gone home and went back. Oh the nightmare doesn't end there. When I go back to the pharmacy, it turns out that the insurance they had on file was expired. So the lady is trying to update it and whatnot. My mom's insurance company's system was down for a routine update. Now I can't pick up the prescriptions until the morning!! I understand that they have no control of that but WHY didn't someone check the insurance when I dropped off the prescription and when I tried to pick it up the first time?? UGHH..AT LEAST the lady was nice enough to give my mom one pill from each bottle to tie her over until the morning!TL;DRI went to the pharmacy a total of FOUR times in a span of 12 hours just to get a prescription for my mom. What an ordeal!! Wasted gas and valuable time!
