3	Damn good, greasy burgers!  Today was the grand opening, and since I work nearby, and there isn't much of a selection in lunch around here, I drug my coworkers to 5 guys today!  The line was insane, out the door.  Still, it was only about a 5-10 minute wait.  So, if you see a long line, don't be afraid to wait a little bit.  It is worth it!  The menu is pretty simple: cheese burger (double patties), or little cheese burgers (single patty).  There are a free extras like grilled onions, pickles, mushrooms, green peppers, etc. that you specify when you order.  The burgers themselves are fairly good sized, juicy, and good in your mouth.  The hamburger is good quality, and the mushrooms and grilled onions are killer.  They are a little bit messy, so grab some extra napkins.  I wouldn't say this is the best burger in town, but they are one of the better "greasy" style fast food burgers you can get!  The fries are really good too.  They are fresh with the skins, and not over salted at all.Final verdict: Yum!
4	Music is WAY too loud... But the food is good and the portions are huge. I'll probably wait for the hype (and the line) to die down a bit before coming back though.
1	What a waste of $20. Seriously?! This place caught my eye because its only 2 miles from my house, and the area really needs a good burger place. In my husband's words, "If you've ever eaten a Wendy's burger, you've already been here". For $5.99 for a burger (yikes!) and $2.99 for fries I was expecting at LEAST In-N-Out or SmashBuger quality. Dry, small, and just....lacking flavor. Wayyyyy too loud music, you literally have to yell to give your order or talk while you sit and eat. Not going to start on their horrible lighting. Surface of the sun anyone?! Their burgers are made to order....right?  You tell them the toppings you want. I'm simple. Ketchup, Mustard, Lettuce. .....and they STILL got it WRONG. With 13 ...YES, THIRTEEN people behind the counter they still managed to mess up my order. When I see the tomatoes, (which I did not order, and made a point to tell them I was allergic to) they roll their eyes, take 10 mins to remake it, without an apology. $20 for 2 burgers and 1 Fry and 1 Small Drink is not bad if it was AMAZING or in a nice restaurant, but for a fast food type of place, they need In-N-Out prices. No Military Discount either :(
1	Its just not good. Plain and simple. If I was at a homeless shelter and this was the food of the day, yes, I would eat it. Other than that, save your $6 and go to....anywhere else! Why is there 20 people working and they can't get a simple burger right? Makes no sense. And I figured it out...the music is loud as hell so you can't hear people complaining!
4	Waiting in anticipation of this opening for months now I stopped in on the 3rd day it was open. It is a simple place with free peanuts while you wait. The line moves very quickly and you get the food quickly as well. I ordered a basic cheeseburger and it was $5.69 , then regular fries for for 2.99 and a soda for $2.20 after tax it was $11.50 ish. Yes it is a little pricey for a burger joint and I know this part of town is going to say that a lot on these reviews but, the basic burger is big with 2 hand made patties and 2 pieces of cheese. There are a quite a few topping to choose as well. I just got mayo pickles and a-1. Very good, greasy and tasty. The fries were ok not amazing, they are fried in peanut oil and are fresh cut. I did however have way more than I needed for not getting a large. I will probably go a few more times on special occasions but, not make a habit.
5	The insane/unintelligent people giving this place 1 star have no idea what they're talking about. This place is amazing, the service is good, and the food is perfectly done. If you don't like it, go enjoy your shitty In n Out. It just means more for those of us who have functioning taste buds.Also: Not giving a military discount is not a reason to rate a restaurant down. Talk about entitlement...
5	Ok haters, I don't care what you say, this place is good. These burgers are delicious!! Yes it was packed, but it just opened, it will die down. The fries are good, they give you a ton. These burgers are made the way they should be. You tell them everything you want on it, not what to take off. If you never had it, and you like fat burger & in-n-out, get in here and try it!
1	After hearing my friends back home in NY rave about the 5 guys that opened up shortly after I moved to the left coast, I was excited that a 5 guys was coming to a plaza only a few miles from my house..I knew this place was expensive based on the other reviews I had read but I wanted to try it anyway.I got a little cheeseburger since it was slightly cheaper than their regular, double burger.  For the price it was definitely not worth it.  I'd actually prefer create, which is more expensive than In-N-Out but cheaper than this place and better quality as well.The burger was just OK... nothing special about it and the fries were super soggy and had no flavor at all.I probably won't go back to 5 guys now that I've experienced it.
2	Go to in and out. It's across the street, cheaper and tastes WAY better. They don't have combos and the burger alone is 6 bucks. It's good, but I could recreate it at home. The fries - yuck! Very plain. Save your money!
1	My husband ordered a double cheeseburger and cajun fries and I stuck with my usual Chiptole and brought it in the restaurant to join him. First off I don't eat beef and pork so don't give me dirty looks because I'm not eating your hamburgers. I did however have some of the fries can we say salty together. My husband said that the burger was ok, but I felt like I was at an auction with all the ingredients everywhere. Yes they were busy but is it neccesary for 15 staff in the kitchen and yelling so loud because of the loud music. No thanks.
3	I knew I was going to review 5 Guys as soon as my burger loving boyfriend said to me, "Did you know there is a 5 Guys on Craig?"ProsI can get my burger plain with out the fuss. I'm not fond of vegetables and most burger condiments so usually I have to struggle with line cooks who can't be bothered to NOT dress my burger.I like their fries. I did not get them cajun style. We ordered a large to share and it was still too much.Yay! Coke establishment!ConsThey did not have milkshakes. What kind of burger establishment doesn't have milkshakes?The music was FAR TOO LOUD. I could barely hear myself think. I couldn't hear a single word my boyfriend said and he was sitting right in front of me.A bit greasy for me and the burger was not put together well. I think they just threw everything together.General ObservationsI don't know if 5 Guys is trying to prove something but their walls are covered with testimonials. Yeah, I get it, people think you are good. Didn't try the peanuts. I'm sure we will be going back. Despite the greasiness, I thought the burger was tasty. If they don't tone down the tunes it will be take out.
3	Its a build your own Burger place. I'm not a fan of that. Similar to subway sandwiches.  They don't have their own way. You have to give them all ingredients you want from their list. Kinda a pain. But if Your a picky eater, This might work for you.  The meat was tasty but small. The house fries were plentiful and Good.  Everything is separate price. Burger,  fries, and drink.  Ends up being around $12.  Try it once, see If you like it.
1	We tried this place because we hears Obama likes five guys burgers, this place is horrible, now I know why the economy is the way it is.
4	This is another place I will be frequenting a lot.  If your a fan of a good greasy burger then this is the place for you.  The wait was not bad about five minutes.  You get to pick your toppings, plenty of choices.  They have peanuts in the shell to snack on, they were not bad.   The burger I had was cooked perfectly, little pink in the middle, the grilled onions were good, and I got bacon on it, cooked perfectly, the bun was steamed I think, its was also perfect.  The fries on the other hand got a thumbs down, they were soggy,  and not that great tasting.  But I'm judging this place strictly on the burger I had, and It was great.
4	Everyone I know who's been to this place compares this joint to a West Coast In n Out burger restarurant, but I beg to differ. The burgers and fries are in no way made the same, and they dont even have milkshakes or handmade onion rings. Never the less, I really enjoyed this style of burger and the way it was cooked. DOUBLE PATTY, CHEESE, you can add bacon (which you cant do at In n Out), and all the traditional sides to a burger. The patties are juicy and remind me of a simple homemade burger except at a much better quality :D. The burgers are stacked tall and it can be difficult to bite into. Then, I love that you can get the fries either traditional or cajun. I tried the Cajun style but I wasn't a big fan of it (too much cayenne pepper flavor), the fries were cooked and sized just right so next time I'm just going to have traditional style. On top of that, they give you WAY MORE fries than you order so I think no matter what size you get - medium- large- You'lll have plenty of fries left over. I think it's a bit pricey for a small burger joint- you'll probably spend about $8-$10 if you order the whole shabang burger-fries-drink and about $5.69 for the burger alone. Overall, I love this place and plan on comin back for more! :D
3	First I trekked out to Anthem to try the original 5 Guys in Vegas a little over a month ago. Today, after I got off work and my tummy was demanding lunch I decided I would give the 5 Guys out in NLV a try. I also heard that this place is teeming with MIUs from Nellis AFB, so that was what really made me make the many mile journey to the North side of town.I decided on my first trip to 5 Guys I did not like it better than Inn N Out and this still reigns true. I learned my lesson and ordered the "little burger" this time and slimmed down from getting everything on my burger, to only getting my preferred burger items: lettuce, tomato, cheese, mustard, ketchup. Even though I knew their "regular" fries were going to be ridiculously too much for me to eat - I got them anyway. I still don't like the fries, in fact I REALLY don't like the fries. Maybe I need to try the cajun spice option?As for the place itself, this location seems to be a bit smaller than the one in Anthem. It's still blindingly white, but at least the staff doesn't seem like they're all hopped up on drugs.Military men nom'ing on burgers and lookin' fine in their BDUs is probably the best thing about this location. Based on that fact alone I'll probably be back.
4	If  you noticed, 5 Guys jumped up a star. I really have to say that I prefer their burgers over In-N-Out. I think they are juicier and I can get bacon on them. Bacon is the meat candy. Bacon makes everything better. Also I just like their fries better. I could eat a ton of their fries, which is basically what they give you. Still a little miffed that they don't have milkshakes. The last time we ordered as it was take out to avoid the music.  Maybe someday I might try a hot dog or grilled cheese.
1	I saw this when going to get Jamba Juice (yum) and thought I would try it. When I went in, the hairband music was blaring, I could hardly hear the order taker. I ordered a bacon cheese burger and fries. 10.00. eh, not great, not terrible. I watched as the line cooks(kinda) yelled at each other because they couldnt hear each other. They would call out order number and the customers couldnt hear them over the music and the people yelling. I decided not to eat there. I took my food and when I got in my car, I tried a fry. I spit it out. It was so greasy and full of salt I almost gagged. I called and the manager said to come back, would give my money back. No apology. Told her to try a fry, she just looked at me like I was nuts. This comes NO where close to Smashburger.. Heck, Hamburger hut may be a dive, but they beat out this place by a long shot!
1	Wow this place was extremely disappointing for a $5 burger I definitely expected more quality less greasiness and better taste. The burger was bland and unbeliveable greasy..ugh!... and  the fries were soggy but looked to golden which only tells me they haven't changed their oil recently :/ . On top of everything else the girl who took my order was more interested in what kind of phone I had and what my tattoo meant than what I wanted on my burger which resulted in them getting my order wrong. As for the other 10 people that were working at the time, they were just standing around talking and being way too loud. Not even the loud music they had playing could drowned them out. I'm sorry for all you people who actually like this place, but honestly I would take in-n-out over this place any day at least there's some flavor to their burgers and they can cook their fries a lot better.
4	I was a little skeptic to go in at first my brother has only good to say about it..so one day for dinner me husband and I went in and the place was loud but I guess it comes with the theme of the place. We got up to register and well it's pretty basic we ordered 2 cheeseburgers but to them that is 2 patties not 1. And can get as many toppings as we wan. The patty itself is home made like it's not perfect circle. And I recommend the Cajun fries!!!!!! They are good!!!!! Place is just as pricy as in-n-out tho but overall pretty good!
3	Have you had a burger from Wendy's recently?  After they started using larger beef patties and better buns?  Well 5 Guys serves a similar burger, but larger and with more topping choices.  You get all your basic fixings found at other fast food burger places, with a few unique ones including jalapenos, green peppers, A1 steak sauce and hot sauce.  Also note that ordering a hamburger or cheeseburger means that you get two patties on between your buns; the "Little" option includes one patty.  I didn't realize this when I ordered, so I got quite the burger surprise: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IU55VgrpLzVKo9sXWbTn3Q?select=VpsUliQxuwIRhvGST9ZT9QMy coworker got a side of cajun fries with his meal, and that was way more than enough for two people.  The fries were nothing special, and were heavily seasoned/salty.  Save some money and get one order of fries for every three people or so.For an alternative to fries (or in addition to), you can grab a couple scoops of free peanuts.  There's a bunch of peanuts sitting out ready for your taking while you wait for your food.  Wait times aren't that long though, within 5 minutes our food was ready.The restaurant itself has a red and white diner-type theme going on, not unlike another popular burger franchise in town.  There are quite a few banners hanging around the restaurant showing off the franchises accolades, many of which included something along the lines of, "something something BEST BURGER."  I thought that it was interesting that none of the banners had dates more recent than 2009, though.Some people have made this comment in their review, and I'll repeat it: the music here is loud.  Loud enough where the person calling my order may very well have been screaming at the top of their lungs.  My coworker and I decided not to talk because we had to yell over the music, the person calling orders, and the people around us.Bottom line is that 5 guys makes a decent burger that may be better enjoyed as take out, and with a couple friends to help you polish off those fries.  A-OK.
2	Let me just preface this with "IN MY OPINION" since I know people get fiercely zealous about their burger joints, especially Five Guys, for some reason.So, IN MY OPINION... I thought it was balls.Maybe it was the build-up, but I found my "little cheeseburger" with grilled onions bland and mushy. The bun was so soaked in mayonnaise, I feel it coming out my pores. The meat was BLAND-o-rama, the grilled onions had so much skin left on, I had to keep picking it out and the cheese was both flavorless and so plentiful that it ended up just making the whole experience a mushy, bland, bready mess.Other low points: the music was way, way, WAY too loud. It was frigid in there because there's an air vent pointed at every table and the fries were limp, but mediocre, at best.Fatburger is better. So is In-n-Out. So is Smashburger.  Even the new Wendy's burgers are better.  This was my first ever experience with Five Guys, so I don't know about some of the other locations that might be brilliant, but I found it way overrated.  Fairly certain I wont return.
3	So my east-coast visiting aunt & uncle have never been to Vegas and never been to In-N-Out either, so of course I took them to the In-N-Out on Craig.  They liked the burgers at In-N-Out but seemed to think a place back east called 5 Guys was even better.  Low and behold, on our way out of the In-N-Out parking lot, my uncle sees the 5 Guys sign right across the street. How 'bout that!  I never even knew the place existed before last week, and I drive by here all the time.So took the GF to 5 Guys last night just to see if my relatives were right.  They weren't.  I love them dearly, but as far as the burgers go, In-N-Out has this place beat hands down.The issue is the meat.  It is greasy and relatively flavorless at 5 Guys.  The toppings are as fresh and delicious as In-N-Out, but the buns aren't quite up to In-N-Out par and the burger meat just falls short. Also, as I read in many reviews, they got our order wrong too. Yes I ordered properly - telling them what to put on it, not what to take off. The order-taker got it right on the receipt, but someone decided to put onions on my burger anyway. I hate onions. Took it back & the nice guy at the counter apologized & told me to keep the burger - he'd make me a fresh one.  Much better response than taking it back and throwing it out or, worse, trying to get away with picking them off. Onions seep - I've busted places trying to do this to me before. Not 5 Guys though - the correction was made in two minutes flat and another sincere apology when picking up the corrected burger. Lesson here is nobody is perfect, but 5 Guys seems to F-up far more often than they should given their "BYOB" style of menu, so check the contents of your grease-soaked bag before you leave if you're taking it to-go.I did prefer the 5 Guys fries - got mine Cajun style and yea, they were pretty spicy. Figured they would be - kind of the definition of "Cajun" isn't it?  Why do so many reviewers get surprised by this? Mine were also greasy, soft and salty, but that's the way I like them.The portions are HUGE.  Standard burger is a double patty, which was more than enough for me and I'm usually a 3-by-3 guy at In-N-Out.  The fries were ridiculously large, which ticked me off because my GF hates spicy stuff and I wanted to try the Cajun fries, so we had to get two separate small orders of fries at $2.89 per order. Then they come out and each order must be well over a pound of fries.  Why even have a "small" order of fries on the menu if you can't get one?  Charge me $2.00 and give me 1/3 the amount of fries and I'd be happier.  They were yummy too, so it was a damn shame to throw so many away.I was no big fan of the bright lights or loud music either, but didn't find either unbearable - mildly annoying perhaps, but not enough for me to bash them on it. The fries might bring me back here because the burger wasn't bad, it just wasn't anything special, and I did like the spicy Cajun seasoning on the soft, thick, wilted, natural-cut fries. In-N-Out fries are too thin, small and tasteless for me.  On second thought, maybe I'll just drive through In-N-Out for a burger then shoot over to 5 Guys for an order of fries if I want the perfect meal.  Too bad neither one of them can get everything right. (sigh)Neither 5 Guys nor In-N-Out lives up to all the hype in my opinion, but In-N-Out comes closer. 5 Guys might be good enough as they are for the east-coasters that can't get an In-N-Out burger, but they had better get some more flavorful patties and find a way to get some of that grease off the grill if they want to make it big out west. Stop in if you want to spend slightly more $money$ than you should on an overrated burger place, but only if you're in the area and want something fairly unique. I wouldn't go out of my way just for a 5 Guys meal though, and those that would probably grew up on the things back east and have a geographical affinity for them more than they do an actual appreciation of a tasty burger.
4	I had been hankering to try Five Guys for awhile. Finally that day arrived. Actually it was on a Sunday night--and no line. The place is cold and massive, with numerous blonde oak tables and chairs spread around the cavernous room. But the floor was spotless, and friendly red-shirted employees were seen cleaning the table tops over and over again. I was hoping this experience would be a good one, but was skeptical about these burgers that were pitched as "well done and juicy." I have always preferred my beef medium rare--even on hamburgers--and before now had never encountered a well done hamburger that could even be remotely construed as juicy. But my Little Cheeseburger with all of the free black-banded ingredients ("Mayo Lettuce Pickles Tomatoes Grilled Onions Grilled Mushrooms Ketchup Mustard") really was delicious and amazingly juicy! And, so was the Little Hamburger with the same ingredients sans cheese that I got up and ordered immediately after I had finished my first order. But my wife's Little Bacon Cheeseburger that was ordered plain except for cheese and bacon (She hates vegetables--go figure!) was very dry and not juicy at all. So plain burger lovers beware! One can also receive relish, raw onions, jalapeno peppers, green peppers, A-1 Sauce, Bar-B-Q Sauce, and hot sauce (the red-banded ingredients) on their burgers upon request at no additional charge. The burgers were about three inches tall, and everything inside them tasted fresh--as fresh as the tomato and lettuce in an In-N-Out Burger, which I happen to adore in southern California where you can still order and get them medium rare. But that is not the case in Clark County, Nevada since, according to face-to-face conversations with three separate In-N-Out employees at different restaurant locations, the County Health Department recently reportedly handed down an edict prohibiting fast-food restaurants within its jurisdiction (which includes Laughlin) from cooking hamburgers less than well done. Believe me, I've since tried unsuccessfully to order them medium rare at four different Clark County In-N-Out sites. For this reason, and the presence of gratis sauteed mushrooms in the Five Guys Burger, I found to my surprise that I preferred Five Guys' burger to a southern Nevada In-N-Out burger. And, I liked Five Guys' hand cut fries with some skin on after being bathed in hot peanut oil just a bit better, too. What I didn't like is that, whether buying to go or to eat on site, Five Guys packs everything in a paper bag, has no paper plates or trays available even upon request, and only has small cardboard boxes on hand to hold its complimentary roasted peanuts. And, unlike In-N-Out, it offers no milkshakes! To me, these omissions added together are worth the loss of a star. Otherwise the food was great; a paper cup was supplied for free water on request even when bottled water is sold on site; soft drink refills were free and available through self-help; and the men's restroom was spotless. One could also feel very safe with four police vehicles parked just outside and two uniformed officers seated inside, enjoying the fine burgers with the rest of the customers. I found it slightly annoying that all three trash receptacles were located near the front door, so one had to trek some distance to dump any trash, and then return to a table prior to departure time. The peanuts were very good, too, but superfluous once the food was received. I found myself grabbing for peanuts instead of fries as I intended, and once just caught myself before immersing a peanut in ketchup. So, to avoid confusion, I recommend ditching the peanuts when the fries arrive. We were told that a regular order of fries is enough to adequately serve four, and a regular order two persons, but my wife and I knew our habits better, so ordered a large. The tall paper receptable we received was jam-packed with fries, but the two of us had no problem finishing every last one of them before leaving. I am now a Five Guys fan!
5	Based on just the actual burger..this is rightt up there wit in-n-out...the burger has a different taste..but is definitely delicous..for a franchise..the burgers hit the spot. I get the double bacon. They give u many topping options including a1 and grilled onions. Place is very clean. If u havent tried fries wit malt vinegar and ketchup. You should!!!
2	Where to start with 5 Guys Burgers and Fries... well, I guess with the hype; it was not deserved. It would seem this establishment has a fervent following and while that is nice, I cannot see why it is so.The menu: The menu is VERY basic. Burgers, fries, hotdogs, a few other things and that is it. Now, with a limited menu like that you would suppose the food would be absolutely awesome since they are betting everything you will like the few offered items. Well, in my opinion there is a long way to go with such an extreme "statement" concerning their food.Your Basic Order: I ordered the regular (double patty) bacon cheese burger, large fries and a medium drink. My wife ordered a little cheese burger (single patty, what a scam) and a medium drink and the bill came to over $21. (Oh yeah, we split a large fries) That put the price more than our regular joint for burgers and even more than an average night at Buffalo Wild Wings.  By making the regular a double patty they up the average price of the order significantly. I honestly did not know I had ordered a double until it was pointed out that the "little" was a single. I find that deceptive in a way, although I applaud the bald face deceit. It does mean that I will NOT be returning however since they really do not want to be honest with their customers (although there are other reasons as well).Order Up: If there were no grilled onions on that burger it would not have had any taste. Was the burger juicy? Sure, if you like steam, but last time I checked steam added very little taste. The fixin's were fresh but the bacon was not and the cheese slid all over the place. The bun was too soft for such a hardy burger and ended up as a mess as well. IMHO, these people do not know how to make a burger, but then again very few places do. And then there were the fries... Fresh Potatoes, check. Hot Oil, check. Potatoes presoaked, um... maybe not. Two step frying process, not a chance. So what do you think we got? If you said a large order of limp and fairly tasteless fries you would be right. What a disappointment.Bringing down the house: I will say one thing that did impress me; the place was clean and there were always people cleaning. Otherwise, bags of potatoes stored in the common area may be neat but I wonder what people do to them before they get processed into fries. I am not sure it is against health code but would be surprised if it weren't. As for having a conversation with anyone else while eating, forget it. The music and noise of the place was not conducive to banter of any type. In fact it served to drive you out of the place as soon as possible. Pitiful.Summing it all up: Too expensive for what you get, unless you think a burger should taste like grilled onions. Limp fries are a joke and mass quantities are no cure. Finally, bring earplugs. I honestly do not know where the hype comes from and there is no way it is justified. Fatburger is a better experience and you will save a few bucks as well.
4	I first saw Five Guys in Denver, Colorado back in early 2010, before then I had never even heard of it. Finally had it for the first time with my wife in St. George, UT in November of the same year. The atmosphere was really cool and the food was incredible, well this location in Las Vegas in no different, they are very consistant. Now I really hate when people try to compare Five Guys, Smashburger, Steak n' Shake, and In N' Out. They are all COMPLETLY different burger joints and should be judged on their own, independently. Five Guys burger is AMAZING. It is thick, juicy, the cheese flavor stands out, and the bacon is really thick and crispy, yum! The burger is so good, I end up taking a three, four quantity bite lol, I can't take just one! And the fries, oh the fries! They are practically endless as once you finish the cup, there is a crap-load more waiting for you inside the bag, so they basically fill your size fry cup, then pour double that inside the bag on top of everything, YES PLEASE! HAHA! I only minus one star for the prices, which to me is their one big downfall, along with not being open late (past 10pm). For one bacon double cheesebuger, fries and a soda, the total was almost $14. That's quite a bit of money if you're just out for a quick lunch or on a budget. Aside from that, this one good mother effing burger! P.S.-For those of you are not familure with Five Guys Burgers and Fries, a "Little" is a single patty, and everything without the word "little" is automatically a double. Now you know ;-)
5	I really liked this place. As a former In-n-out lover, I had high hopes for Five Guys. They lived up to the hype. The hamburgers were tasty. Had a real homemade taste, which was really good. Fries were really tasty too... I enjoyed it thoroughly. Well done guys.
4	Nice and Juicy I am a huge fan of five guys burgers and fries. I always get the little cheeseburger and split a regular fry with my husband because they give you so many. I love the fact that you can choose what you want on your burger without having to special order. The grilled onions and mushrooms are awesome! Also they use real mayo rather than miracle whip which is a huge party bonus for me. The bacon is very good too.I am not the biggest fan of the Cajun fries because they pack a little to much heat but the originals are pretty good and you get a ton. I also think it is really cool that they tell you were they got the potatoes they are making the fries from on the board when you walk in. The place is also really fun. It has a very high energy staff and has good music. Sometimes it can get a little loud so I would not recommend bringing anyone of sensitive hearing.  Another cool thing that Five Guys does is gives you peanuts while you wait on your food. I like this because if you are super hungry or bored it gives you something to do or snack on while you wait.
5	First discovered Five Guys in El Paso while moving from Dallas to Las Vegas.  As soon as we got to Vegas, we said "We've got to find a Five Guys in Vegas!"  Wasn't exactly close by....drove 20 miles to get to one.  I'd be hard pressed to break the tie between Five Guys and Fatburger, and I love Fatburger.  I'm not doubting the validity of the posts by other good yelpers, but my experiences here have always been great.  My burgers haven't fallen apart, I know how to read and understand the difference between "hamburger" and "little hamburger", and the music is NOT too loud and I'm an old fart at 57.  I've enjoyed Five Guys in 3 different states now and the consistency is solid.Give 'em a try.
4	Best Burger in Vegas.  I take all the out-of-towners here.It does need a Drive-thru though.
4	B-b-b-bump!  I've been here a couple more times since my initial review, and they have improved in many ways.  I feel that the burgers are juicier than before, and all the toppings seem incredibly fresh for a fast food place.  The music has been toned down probably by a factor of 5.  NO MORE YELLING AT THE PERSON SITTING RIGHT NEXT TO YOU!!  And the fries...I was not a fan of the fries initially.  But on my recent visit I noticed that they had a whiteboard that listed where today's potatoes came from.  I can't remember where they came from, but they were delicious!  Nice golden color with a crispy-ish outside and soft inside.    So perhaps the fry quality depends on their origin.  And this time they were lightly dusted with the Cajun seasoning, not caked in it.Five Guys is relatively new to Vegas, so perhaps their QC is still combing through each location.  This location now seems to be up to par, and is now a reliable option for those times where I just need to have a burger.
4	Simply stating that this place is GREAT!. I love the fact that you can have your hamburger with all the toppings you want included in the price. I even had them throw in a side of grilled mushrooms and it was included in the price. The fries are fresh cut, and we ordered the large. It was more than enough for 4 people. Very fresh and juicy hamburgers. The one thing that all of us thought was pretty neat was their new COKE machine. By far the coolest soda dispenser I have ever used. We will go back!! I'm just afraid I wont be able to stay away. Also, I feel very confident in saying In-and-Out is old and tired. They WILL lose customers to this great burger place.
2	Strike number three for Five Guys. No longer in my rotation. Take a seat on the bench. I'm pretty sure I can't come up with anymore baseball euphemisms... but it doesn't matter because I simply do not like these burgers and fries.I've wavered about Five Guys and I stayed away for a long time. This afternoon I was in the area and decided, hey I'll try it again. Well I might as well have just gone to Chipotle since my gut was telling me to.This go round I ordered the Cajun fries, which come with a Cajun seasoning. It does have a kick, but to say these are amazing? No way. I was feeling pretty hungry so I went with the "Cheeseburger" (two patties) and I just can't say it's that good. I think it may be the way they wrap the damn thing up so tight. It makes the burger become super soggy super fast. I just feel like I'm eating a mooshed up wanna-be burger. I'm sorry, I feel as though I shouldn't be bashing them this bad, but I'm just so disappointed.And overall the price just does not reflect these burgers. $11 is too much for a combo meal I don't care how many fries you over-fill my bag with.
2	Okay... I've been hearing about this place since it opened and I figured that with it being across the street from and In-N-Out and still in business, it had to be amazing. I was very disappointed. The food was very expensive and the quality was only average. I really liked all the options for the burgers but the limited menu is just a little too limited. Only serving fries as a side is just not that interesting no matter how much season salt you shake on them. They had the awesome new Coca-Cola machines which was really neat to play with but where are the milkshakes and malts? This is a burger joint, gotcha, but I would like to see some creativity in my meal, especially at these prices. Maybe the free peanuts run up the cost of overhead...
2	Okay - yes the burger was good.  Here is the rest of the review.This is a fast food joint with restaurant prices!  It was $24 for 2 burgers, 2 fries and a 2 drinks.  I don't like fast food joints that do not offer a combo deal.  You know we are coming in there for a burger and fries so make it easy on us!Also, I ordered a cheese burger and I got a double cheese burger.  Why are we forced into a double burger?  One regular patty would have been just fine.  As for all the toppings - I guess some people like that... but I am a hamburger purist; all those toppings just make a mess of the hamburger.Then the fries - $2.89 for fries.  You do get a very large portion, probably enough for 3 people!  I do not care for the fries.  I like some crunch to my fries.  These were very soft russet potato fries.  I would say they may even be fresh cut, but still not impressed.  I guess some people like them soft and limp.  I had the cajun fries - nothing special just some soft greasy fries with some cajun seasoning... If I do not like the fries - I ain't going there.  In most of my reviews (BTW - this is #100) I factor in VALUE.  5 Guys sells a hamburger, fries and a coke for $12!!!!  The hamburger was good but... I am not going back.Sorry - 5 guys.
4	Wow, I can't believe some of the bad reviews.  Makes me question your taste buds.  OK OK, I will give you that the music is too loud and they should have Milk Shakes.  But to tell me the burger was not good or get this, one clown said it was too big, LOL.  Learn to read the menu and order the "Little Hamburg" if thats all you can handle.  Anyone that loves burgers will enjoy Five Guys!  And to compare them to Wendy's only confirms you do not know burgers and your review is not worthy.
5	Excellent cajun fries, though if you're eating there just eat the peanuts instead and save some money.  At any rate the burgers are huge and should fill you up on their own.  The newfangled soda machine is a wonder, you can get your soda flavored in a number of ways.
4	Gourmet fast food as I like to call it. Five Guys has one of my favorite burgers and I am so glad they made the move out west.  Service at this location is the best I've experienced from this chain. For a juicy and tasty burger topped your way you must try Five Guys!
4	Great food and I love the cajan fries!!! Service was great and finding a coke was crazy with the selection. Only bad thing here is you'll spend a lot. Its way over priced. 34.00 for a two drinks 3 burgers and 1 fry's.  They need to lower the prices. All around great place. Place was clean and service was great.
3	I've been here twice burgers are alright, fries were soggy each time... kinda pricey. Free peanuts were cool! lol
4	Yay! I'm a fan.To say the burgers are out of this world is silly.  Half the point of coming here is to customize what you want how you want it.  While this may be a rip-off for some might be a steal for another.  Plus, it's pretty hard to screw up a burger; it's also pretty hard to excel at a burger.  Here is no different.So let's talk about what makes this place great.  What you might not get in quantity of burger, you surely make up for it in how much fries you get.  The cup is just a formality as there's enough for two or three adults.  Is that a part of their business design?  Maybe, but at the very least it's a part of their excellent service.  They are super courteous and friendly.  Best of all, they make it sound like they're having fun.  That always leads to a better product.  Also I dare any fast burger joint to actually come to my table and ask how I like my food.  Well these (Five) guys sure took me up on it.
3	I actually knew the founding owners of this franchise.... They started in Alexandria, VA,, but anyways...  Burgers are pretty good..  Fries are just typical boardwalk style fries,, fried in peanut oil...  Little pricey, would rather get a burger at Chili's or RubyTuesday for what they charge...  I would eat here, again if its the only place around..
5	I love this place. The burgers are amazing and the cajun fries are pretty good. The soda machine is super cool....you can add flavor (ie cherry, vanilla, etc.) to any soda. Only downside is they don't have ranch or blue cheese to dip your fries in.
4	Giving this place a solid 4 stars.  The burgers are delish!  And I love that you can add any toppings you want.  I had the single bacon burger.  I thought the bacon was slightly well done but it did not take away from the burger in any way.  The burgers reminded me of old school burgers I had as a kid growing up.  And yes, I did think the burgers are better than In & Out.The fries were super yummy and the small is enough to feed 2-3 adults.  Next time I will try the cajun fries.The only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars was the price.  I think it was a tad pricey for a fast food burger joint, no matter how much I enjoyed the burgers.
4	Great food. Great friendly service. Prices are higher than necessary. I would like to see a smaller option for the fries. The small is way too large for 3 people. The coke fountain is the best!
1	I don't understand how this place is in business. I heard all the hype and we tried it last week for the first time. Well, it will be our last time. It was so over priced! for 2 burgers, drinks and fries it was almost $25! They didn't even get my order right. They seem like a wanna be In-N-Out Burger. I don't know what the hype is about this place   but the West Coast knows not good but great burgers and I don't see this place cutting it for much longer. I don't even recommend giving it a try just go across the street to In-N-Out where you will get great tasting fresh food on the cheap!
4	I was first turned on to this place by my favorite blog: Ernie's House of Whoopass (www.ehowa.com).  The burgers are made fresh and the toppings are copious and flavorful.  The fries come out either plain or Cajun (we love the Cajun) and the drinks are unending.  Good value for the price.
5	Great food but music can get loud.. Probably to help keep a false sense of energy in the place..
3	I had heard about this place and wanted to give it a shot. I admit the burger is a good and tasty and you can really pile on the extras which is nice, but in my opinion the price is just too much for me to justify giving it a good rating. So if you want a good burger and price is no option, then by all means go for it. But if your like me and the rest of the world, I think there are better values elsewhere.
3	I really, really enjoy the double burger with bacon and raw jalapenos! This place is very close to my house so its convenient as well.I only gave 3 stars due to the high prices (when I go I only order a double cheese burger and it costs around 7 bucks). I only go when I am in the mood cause In-N-Out is right next door and I can get a meal for the same price as just a Burger at Five Guys. Great food, bit overpriced.
5	I have to give them 5 stars. my burger was cooked just right and was juicy and just the way I ordered it.also my son enjoyed his burger and ate it all . We shared 1 order of fries and it was more than enough for the both of us . they treated us so good that they just got a customer for life .love this place 5 stars .
4	For this location and all the others...has anyone ever received poor service.  I have yet to have a bad experience at a Five Guys, whether it's here or in California.  Kudos to Team Five Guys.Now for their food:-AYCE peanuts.  Service yourself-Sodas: Love the soda machine.  Biggest selection if you're into all types of Coke products. -Bacon Cheeseburger:  Doesn't say on the menu, but it's a double. Fresh, juicy, and made exactly how you like it.   -Fries:  I prefer steak fries, but these are just as good. By the way, order the regular size because they hook it up. This Five Guys is located right off the 15 and Craig.  Parking always abundant and the restuarant is clean.  Again, the service can't be beat.Regarding the food, I am a fan.  I don't think it's expensive, but to an IN-N-Out it is. Had one of those burger weekends where I had a burger Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.  This was my Saturday treat.  My only issue is that I wish this place had a drive thru.
4	Another solid fast food burger.I like the concept of building your own burger, and take advantage of it!Burgers are large...I order the baby size due to this fact, single pattys.  These are still about a 1/4lb I believe...Fries come out in HUGE portions.  I order one for two people.  Seriously, they fill the cup of fries to the top, and then dump another cup on top and into the bottom of the bag.  They are very generous....  Defintely try the "cajun fries" if you like a little spice (not hot) although towards the end of the meal, they feel a little too salty for my tastes, but are still very good.They also have complimentary peanuts that you can have as a starter...gets the palate ready for their peanut oil cooking.Great FF burger!
5	Cajun fries! Love 'em.  My favorite burger joint (and yes, I've been to In 'n Out). Wear a sweater if you're eating in; they blast the air conditioning here when it's warm outside (Vegans love their ac).
5	Love their burgers. Pretty much anyway you want it.
3	Nice outside curb appeal. Snack on some peanuts while waiting..  Great burgers ,cajun fried awesome..the coke machine with 130 combos is awesome.
3	Good, hot and fresh. i spent about what i spend at BK and McD if i don't use their nasty $1 menu. they will get my biz from now on.
4	Excellent food for a fast food restaurant.  French fries are excellent and remind me of boardwalk fries I use to get in California.  It is definitely pricey for a fast food restaurant but the quality is there.  Staff are all incredibly friendly.
4	Good food, super friendly staff here.  If you need a burger fix, check 'em out!
5	This is the subway of burgers, u make it ur way. It's consistently delicious, great service, and always fresh! The fries remind me of being on the boardwalk!
5	I didn't get a burger:( I was in the mood for bacon :()... Anyways the gentleman at register was so sweet and told me the BLT was really good, so I tried it. This was my second visit in a week because the first one was so good. I did it with cheese and fries the first time, and loved it. I decided to try it sans the fries and added jalapenos this time. Too spicy even for me so I picked them off, but delicious none the rest. The service is friendly and the guy at the counter always makes the visit very pleasant. They give you complimentary salted peanuts which are the best tasting ever. I will be back in the near future but need a break to watch the waistline. Do try the fries tho since they are known for them, they offer smaller sizes since a year ago, and it's more than plenty. This is my favorite burger or BLT place.
4	I love their burgers and fries. Only issue I have seen is that they cook their fries in peanut oil. For those, that have peanut allergies this becomes an issue. My son wasn't a happy camper since he's allergic to peanut and complained the whole time that he couldn't eat the fries. For a party of 10 hungry guys the two large fries was more than enough for us. I think next time I have to order the regular sizer since they give you double the portion. I typically like to get the regular cheeseburger which comes with 2 patties, mushrooms, bacon, grilled onions, with mayo and ketchup. Love this place.
5	First time to Five Guys. Mark & Brian used to talk about their burgers all the time...definitely as good as they said! Shawna was the cashier; she was super helpful with our big-ish order while smiling the entire time. I do want to make note that a regular has two patties (but you can ask for a single). I really like that you choose each topping/condiment from mayo to grilled onions to bacon...and it's all free. The cajun fries are UH-MAZINGLY good! The restaurant was very clean. The only downside is that they don't offer milkshakes.
4	Jalapenos on a burger. Score.
4	Love the food, only complaint is the cashiers have been very rude when we pay and they are my husband's military id and ask rudely tell him he should've told them. But it's not a huge deal, I go there for the food not the people.
4	Me and my friends came in one min before they close and they us bad attitude but it was our fault so no complaint. Food was delicious!
5	My favorite burger in town! Why? Cause you can truly make it your way! We originally ate at the NYC location and we're so excited to see them open locations here.  Love the Cajun fries! Loved when they added the mix and match multi Coke machine.  How fun & yummy!
2	I feel violated. I had a cheeseburger and SMALL drink for $9.60.   The burger is large but they put on not even close to being ripe tomatoes on it.  After yanking the tomatoes off, I did enjoy the burger. My friend had Cajun fries and they were a oiley, soggy mess.  I don't understand the fuss or any type of value here
5	On this day, at this spot, with this crew of workers I'm going to give it a rare 5 stars.  Food is same as always which usually will warrant a 3 star review from me.  But this crew here is friendly and personable.  They engage the customers and make everyone feel welcomed.  They check up on you and even share a laugh or two.  It's not to find such harmony is a fast food joint as busy as Five Guys, but they've found a way to make it work.  Outstanding job people!!!
5	Same as any of the other parts of the chain. Prices are step but the burgers are top notch. Plus the Cajun fries are delicious.
5	I feel like you either love or hate Five Guys.  Well, it's true love for me.  The burgers are massive, the selection of toppings vast, the fries are unique and plentiful and the employees at this location specifically are always so great.  The manager there (I wish I knew his name) is the reason that, although we live closer to other Five Guys', we go to this location instead of any other.  But really, the food.  If you're looking for a foo foo, trendy, hipster burger, try somewhere on the Strip.  Five Guys is a typical greasy, cheesy, messy burger joint.  Who puts 2 patties on their regular sized burgers?  Who does that?  Five Guys, that's who.  They're loaded with cheese, the bun is so soft but somehow manages to stay intact and never gets soggy, the toppings are fresh and it's served in a well wrapped piece of tin foil so you don't even have to pick it up with bear hands.  The fries - oh my goodness!  I prefer the plain over Cajun but either way they're seriously delicious.  The amount they give you is insanely generous, too.  And never in my life did I think I'd go to a restaurant and order a hot dog but their dogs are the best I've ever had.  In my life.  The Ferrari soda machine?  It's just icing on the cake.Yes, they're pricier than most neighborhood burger joints and the volume inside can sometimes be slightly annoying but the food is so good and the employees so great that I'd be ok with a foghorn blowing in my ear if I was eating here!
5	Every time I go here I am never disappointed. They are almost always busy and even then the wait time is still reasonable. I usually get their normal Cheeseburger (which is actually a double meat and cheese burger) and a normal french fries (which actually is scooped into a reasonably sized cup and then they add an extra scoop of fries to pour into your bag). The portions are huge here and I think is worth the price. The flavor of the burgers are incredible. Only warning is to not overload your burger! If you do, intend to eat in. Otherwise if you take it home, by the time you get there and go to eat it, it will be soggy. Fries add to sogginess if left bagged after awhile but the flavor is still there and portions should last you awhile. Never had a better burger than Five Guys burgers!
3	Let me start with I came here because In-n-Out's power was out and I really wanted a burger at Noon. It was 9.89 for a cheeseburger and small fries(no drink). It was okay.. I don't understand the hype, the burger wasn't very tasteful and the fries were decent. The staff was friendly and attentive. There just wasn't enough bang for my buck for me to be happy with it.
5	Just came here the other night for the first time and my experience was great. Service was good, people were nice, clean environment, food was amazingggg. That bacon burger and Cajun style fries. On point. Would definitely recommend this place. Might even go again tonight haha. :)
5	First timer and surprised it took me this long to try this place out.  I had heard about it and there were mixed reviews. So thought it best to check it out myself.At this particular place... First impressions walking in, open and ample sitting area. The red and white colors resembled another well known burger place.  But I reminded myself to stay open minded.  classic rock music playing in the background, which was pretty loud but I did not mind it since I was rocking out all inside. lol  I love the free roasted peanuts while I waited for my order. I ordered my burger truly the way I wanted it, single patty with grilled onions, mushrooms, lettuce, and mayo.  All the toppings are free and there were plenty of choices.  I ordered my drink and tried the cajun fries.  My burger was pretty good. Meat patty was juicy full if flavor and I really liked the tasty burger bun.  The Cajun fries were pretty darn good with a nice kick but not freak'in spicy. Clean place. The staff was super friendly and checked on customers at the tables even though the staff do not wait on tables. Definitely will return and look forward to creating a masterpiece burger for myself!!
3	I have to say I was not impressed with Five Guys burgers. It was smaller than I thought it would be especially for the price. I don't think I'd go back unless I had a craving for fries. Their cajun fries are AMAZING! I could eat them all day long. I thought this place was pricey and the fries are not included with the burger which I thought was standard practice. I do love the soda machine selection and flavor mixers. The service couldn't have been better. They must take really good care of their employees because they all seemed happy to be there.
2	Not sure why this place is so popular. Burgers are OK, but fries are over cooked and have little flavor. And the music is WAY too loud. Couldn't hear myself think. Won't be back.
1	This is the 3rd time I've ordered online and when my boyfriend gets home with the food they have gotten my order wrong. HOW HARD IS IT TO PUT BACON ON A BACON BURGER?! and no matter how many times I ask for my fries well done they are still soft as heck. This will be the last time I go to this location. I love five guys but for the money I pay, I would at least like them to get my order correct.
2	Don't see the big deal in these expensive burgers. Really? Won't be back not worth it
