4	Great local joint with wide variety, great quality, and reasonable prices. The BBQ chicken lunch I had was great and included two vegetables (my choices: mashed potatoes and green beans) plus a cup of the soup of the day (today: vegetable soup) for only $6.75. Most entrees are less than $10. Portions are what I'd expect from a sit-down restaurant like this (comparable to Applebee's or O'Charley's portion sizes). Highly recommended.
2	Jimmie's has two things going for it: Size and selection.  This place is huge.  There are all sorts of seats in the building.  I can't imagine it ever being full (but I'm sure it probably is at those popular times).  The selection is pretty wide as well.They might have had a third advantage as well, but they are probably losing ground here: First mover status.  Jimmie's may have been the first "real" restaurant in the area.  Now there is Don Juan's, the new Rock Store location, a couple of fast food joints - and these are the ones right here, not to mention some others within easy driving distance.As to the food?  So-so.  If that.I had a Irish Eggs Benedict for breakfast.  Or maybe Irish Benedict.  I don't remember what it was called.  But instead of Canadian Bacon it was Corned Beef Hash.  The flavor of everything except the Hash was actually really good - the hash wasn't.  It tasted like it came from a can.  So either they used the canned stuff or the stuff they used tasted like it came from a can.  Either way, not so good.  My wife had biscuits and gravy that she liked, but I tasted them and they weren't that great - but I'm not a big biscuit fan, so I'll leave those to her discretion.We also went for lunch one day when some family was in town.  The good thing is that it's easy to find something for everyone.  The bad thing is that it was all just average.  My country style steak (or something like that) tasted an awful lot like the hash.  It wasn't like a fried piece of steak at Cracker Barrel - it was a ground-up sort of mushy thing.  The sandwiches were okay, and I understand the collards were excellent (though I didn't try them).Service has always been spotty.  Getting refills, to-go containers or even your check can seem like it takes forever.
3	I'm going to update my opinion on Jimmie's, after having been there a couple more times.  On some weekend days - perhaps Sundays - they are the only place open if you want breakfast.  That gives them a leg up.The problem is that their service really needs work, which cuts that leg off again.  If Jimmie - or whoever serves in Jimmie's stead if he is not around any longer - would take that advantage and run with it, then they would indeed be a great place to go, rather than just the only place to go.They still have a good selection.  In fact, they have too much of a selection most days.  But if you go on Sundays, they have a shortened menu (I guess everyone wants to leave early so they only do certain things), and that menu does a better job all around.  But the service still stinks most of the time.
3	We always enjoy breakfast here.  The service is always top notch and we love the omelets.  Breakfast is very busy on weekends but you can call ahead and get your name on the list.  Attention:  Breakfast ENDS weekdays PROMPTLY at 11:00am.  PROMPTLY at noon on the weekends.Lunch is good too.  Try the chicken salad on croissant with the homemade potato chips.  Yum.Skip the dinner menu, ZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzz......Especially skip the deserts which seem to me, to have sat in the rotating glass display case for days on end.
4	Great diner food, reliable daily specials, great staff and no rush atmosphere make Jimmie's the place to eat in Mint Hill.  Closed Mondays.
2	Went here for a quick business lunch last week, and unfortunately the quick part was missing and the food, when it came wasn't worth the wait. I ordered the meatloaf, which seemed popular with all the ordered I was overhearing. Came with 2 sides and a up of soup. Soup was veggie and was pretty good, but the meatloaf was not that good. Lacked flavor and the "gravy" was all Ketchup...eh. The mac and cheese was average. The downer though was the service...our server just seemed off and not happy. Oh well...hope she cheered up. A one time stop for me.
3	Jimmie's is your typical Greek/American restaurant with a standard menu, daily specials, and 4-5 actual specials placed on the board.  The restaurant is larger than most restaurants of this nature, and provides a variety of seating choices: tables, booths, and even a party room.  There is plenty of parking and access is easy.  The food is consistent and usually good.  Service depends on the waitress you get, but all are average or above.  These ladies work in a busy high volume restaurant, so I cut them some slack.  They do get busy at times and serve a variety of clients, from the hard working blue collar guy to the occasional celebrity (no I'm not talking about myself).  The place also has a good display of desserts - both a positive and a negative, mostly a negative right now for me as I am trying to lose a few pounds.  If you have not eaten here, give this place a try, and if you see Jimmie - tell him Eddie sent you by his way!
3	I've been here for breakfast and lunch.  Being a breakfast fan, I appreciated their food.... this place does get super busy on Sundays though - If you have time to burn I'd definitely check this Mint Hill spot out - not if you are in a rush though!  I had the Popeye Salad (spinach, mushrooms, tomatoes, I opted not to put the feta cheese on and put baked salmon instead with a balsamic vinaigrette).  Good size and taste... the salad was definitely more rustic in that most of the veggies were very rough chopped (if at all) so you get big slices of mushrooms and halves of roma tomatoes - I didn't mind at all.Service was nice, but they got so busy when they had a lunch rush our server didn't come back to check on us - we weren't needing anything else but refills so we survived.
4	This is another place I have been coming to for years and never reviewed.  Their breakfast is great (get the French Toast), lunch is good, (burgers, sandwiches, homemade chips) dinner is "meh," (typical diner fare).  Not sure why there are so many complaints about the service.  I have had servers who were not as good as others, but never had any to complain about.  The one complaint I do have tho,  doesn't have anything to do with the wait staff, but with the restaurant itself.  Do you really need to be so Gestapo about ending breakfast at 11 / 12 weekdays / weekends? I have had servers literally run back to the kitchen with my breakfast order to beat the 11:59:59 weekend deadline.  I have also been in line at 11:30, seated at 11:55 (Sundays are VERY busy) and because my order didn't make it to the kitchen before the aforementioned deadline, I was denied my beloved French Toast Combo (2 eggs, choice of meat, 3 pieces of French Toast)  C'mon Jimmie...lighten up!
2	Breakfast is OK here but other meals are pretty lame, typical cheap diner fare. I guess its a decent value for the money, works if you  are nearby and simply need to eat something but I certainly wouldn't make this a destination. Servers are friendly enough but food is just uninspiring
1	This is a terrible place to eat.  The owner's brother runs the cash register and will look right at you when you come in and not say a word or even smile.  In fact, he has a frown on his face all the time.  They don't appreciate the business and don't even ask how everything was or thank you for coming. The owner, Chris, walks around and doesn't even talk to the people.  We went a few times, but the food was so awful and the servers very unprofessional.  I never has one thing that was good.  The menu is so big including all the specials that they should scale down and learn to cook a few good things good and hire a REAL CHEF!  The hostess doesn't smile and dresses with a see thru top with her red bra straps showing.  How unprofessional!!!  We will never, ever set food in Jimmie's Restaurant again!!!
3	YYummo home fries!Omlettes were edible ,just okay . Fills you up and you will not leave hungry . Great prices!Decent cheap breakfast. Will return for bacon & eggs .
4	Here 7/1/12Had the bacon and eggs and it was delicioso! Will return here many times. Good food, service, and prices!
5	Wednesday's specials include Chicken Pot Pie, comfort food at its best!!! With your choice of two sides, that comes with it, you'd be hard pressed to clean your plate!! For $6.99, Jimmies still and will always be the best value in Mint Hill!!
5	My Wife & I have been going to Jimmie's for four years.If you're looking for solid diner food, Jimmie's can't be beat: good food, great prices, friendly and efficient servers, and spotlessly clean.  If you're looking for a fine restaurant, go elsewhere.  But if you're looking for consistently good diner food, Jimmie's is it.
3	This is your quintessential family style restaurant. Which is fine. :) I too have mainly been here for breakfast only but can assure the lunch and dinner is just as satisfactory. The prices are very reasonable here. The food matches the price I would say. Friendly staff and clean place. Diner style menu with not a whole lot of pizzazz. Plenty of space and accommodations for any size group. Try the Irish Benedict. Mmmmm.
1	Are you kidding me ? Really? I went to eat at this establishment in August of this year. I said the decor is nice so it must be a good place. (WRONG!!!) I was seated and given a menu so I order a BLT who could possibly make a bad BLT? Well JImmie  Resturant in Mint Hill did. The menu said piled high bacon on your choice of toasted bread. Well my bread was soggy I had to slices of tomatoes and enough water in the lettuce to wipe my face and two strips of bacons split in half. Ok... I got this a.k.a "BLT" on a plate with french fries. To me,it  was supposedly looking more like home fries. So the plate was left in front of me and I was completely stunned, and then guess who came next to create another experience for me?  Did you guess...??? Well I will spare you no suspense. It was the cleaning lady who insisted on sweeeping the rug while I was eating. I informed her about how impolite and unhealthy  it was to sweep around uncovered food but she felt as if she could not stop and go to an area where there wasn't anyone who would would not complain. So I felt it was time to meet the manager of this resturant .Unfortunately, I got nowhere!!  He felt as if I as bothering him and felt my complaint was not serious enough to tell their "helpful sweeper" to stop sweeping around people who are eating (SERIOUSLY.... I didn't want to add any of the carpet particles in my food or else he would of tried charging me extra). Overall, I did like the outside decor because it felt inviting, BUT next time, I would rather not be invited in, so if your looking for a good place to eat this isn't the place!! Just go over to Wendy's and order the Baconator then return and eat in front of Jimmie's Resturant on their front side and you would have great food, great decor for less money.
5	So this review will be straight to the point . This is a family owned business that is well deserving of the five stars . We came in not expecting much on a Friday night but walked out full and happy. Upon entry we were treated like old family friends , greeted and, seated dinner was served and my oh my it was great. Service again was spectacular and all I can say is for the price we will be back again.
2	I've been here a few times, always with the same experience and always leave saying "I don't think we'll come back here." So the last time I was here I asked "Didn't I say I wasn't coming back here?" Then I was reminded why I say that every time. The menu contains pretty typical American food. Prices are fine. Food is fine. The service is hit or miss. We are usually greeted (if that is what you can call it) by a young and not so happy to be there hostess, and then after a good wait, we get sat. Service is slow, but for the most part the waitresses have been kind enough. We usually wait a long time for the waitress to take our order, then wait a long time for the mediocre food, then wait a long time for the check. Then wait at the check-out counter for somebody to acknowledge us. The atmosphere leaves you with a sense of nobody really cares, and nobody has any pride in the place. I know this place gets busy and the staff is stretched, but I feel that something, anything should be GOOD. But it is just...fine, I suppose. After writing this review I will remember my words "I don't think I will be back."
3	I've been here a handful of times for business gatherings and a couple times with the family. Breakfast on Sunday mornings have been my best experiences. The dinners are ok. There is nothing bad but nothing stands out as great! We stopped in for dinner last night, my wife had the baked chicken and stuffing. The chicken was moist and tasty but we couldn't figure out why the stuffing was sweet. This place goes down as my "in a pinch" stop.
1	I pitty any person that believes this place serves a decent breakfast.  I have had breakfast here 3x and EVERY time I get COLD toast that had to be sitting out for at least 10 minutes.  My eggs are never warmer than room temperature.  The grits come up already half hardened and the omlettes....all it is is eggs with stuff in it, they do absolutely nothing special to them.  I'm not a chef and any breakfast I cook in 10 min is far better than anything I have had at this dive.  Bottom line:  places like this are only in business bc it is a family establishment and bc some people are too foolish to try a new place that serves decent food.
4	It may be a hit or miss situation here. Had breakfast with my daughter this morning. The Irish Benedict was amazing! My daughter got sausage gravy biscuits....yum! The home fries....not so much. Cold, dry, hard, bland. Wouldn't be opposed to giving it another go! Nice people!
4	First the food: Ordered the meatloaf special for an early (5 p.m.) dinner.  It came with a cup of vegetable soup and 2 sides - I asked for coleslaw and mashed potatoes.  The best vegetable soup I've ever got in a restaurant - probably too much pepper for lots of folks, but I thought it tasted great.  Meatloaf was very good, with a tangy tomato sauce.  Coleslaw was excellent.  Mashed potatoes were - well, mashed potatoes.  All in all, I was impressed.Very reasonable prices for what you get.Service was OK, but I agree with other reviewers that the staff seems less than happy to be there.I had been there several times previously and was always satisfied with the food.
3	I've eaten here a few times and the food is ok. Nothing really special whether you order breakfast or lunch. It's typical diner food and a typical diner atmosphere. Service is good and prices are diner prices. Living in NY most of my life it's nice to have diner food every once and a while. I wouldnt drive several miles out of my way to come here though. If you live in the neighborhood though give it a try after church or one Sunday for breakfast with the family
2	We've eaten here twice now...once for lunch and once for dinner and I don't think I'll go back. The best part of lunch was our waitress. She was personable and just nice, which goes a long, long way for me.  The food was just ok. I got the Ruben and my husband got the chicken and dumplings. We went back for breakfast on a Sunday. I'm all about the hash browns, which weren't all that good. I'm not a big fan of paying for something I can make better at home, and those fell into that category. I got the Spanish omelette and it was a hair undercooked.  My husband got the western omelette and it was plain tasting.
2	Arrived and promptly seated..   Took awhile for waitress to drop by to lean on our booth and ask "what can I get cha?"  We ordered water and asked if we could look at the menu a little longer.  Six minutes later she came back with water (because her other table was having issues with their coffee - she explained)  Ordered  our meal and while we waited noticed a lot of chatter coming from the waitress station in the dining room.  The laughter got overwhelming at one point - but nothing was said to the group from management.  Another patron was trying to get his waitress to return to his table for additional service - but he was being ignored by the happy group - until he got up from his table and shuffled over to them to get a refill of coffee for his elderly wife.Food was fair.  Took us a year to come back after last visit.  This time I decided to say something.
5	Probably the best restaurant I've been around mint hill/matthews. I love the spaghetti,  chicken dressing, meatloaf and I always try something new  the next time we go there. They never disappoints me. Bad thing is they are closed on Mondays. The place is clean and the waiters are great.
4	Large and cheerful restaurant, outside looks like it had been an Applebees in a past life. Greeted warmly by hostess and brought to table quickly. Booth was comfortable and also sparkly clean. The meals were all quite reasonable, I had the turkey with dressing. It came with gravy, cranberry sauce and choice of two sides. I opted for a salad and fried squash. The lettuce on the salad was wet and it made the dressing run, so I wasn't very happy with the salad. The fried squash was so good. It was lightly fried with very little breadcrumbs, the flavor was just superb. The turkey, gravy, cranberry sauce was all very good, the stand out was the dressing. What a wonderful surprise when I got to it under the turkey. It was like a hidden prize. I do not know what was in it, but it was just the right amount of spices, vegetables, and breadcrumbs. I would certainly return and get this dinner again. The service was also excellent. Hubby had pork, it looks yummy and he cleaned his plate. Other friends had something Italian which came with garlic bread.  Great job Jimmie's.
2	Food is pretty good. I do enjoy their country style steak. But it's only available certain nights. The past few times we have been we have had this waitress that just made the whole experience  awful. She makes fun of anything we say or do. She does it so loud that other customers stare. She rushes us to order and then rushes us out the door when we are done. She may think she's joking/funny but she's very rude and embarrassing. Won't be returning for a while that's for sure
