4	Yeah, I'm giving 4 stars to a freaking Taco Bell. This Taco Bell is so nice and pretty that I feel the need to dress up a bit (wearing pajamas whilst going through the drive-thru here just seems too grungy). It's on the newer side. The staff are some of the best and most professional I've ever seen at a fast food joint. And the service is always friendly, quick, and accurate. So yeah, it kinda earns 4 stars.
3	I had the burrito w/Fritos inside.  I'd rather have my Fritos in a bag.  Now they have Doritos taco shell on the outside w/taco bell stuffings inside. What! Doritos locos tacos! I love Doritos! I'll come back to this place to try it. This shop is clean. Good customer service.
3	This is an ok taco bell. It's much better then the one further up on eastern, but it's not good enough to get me to drive past del taco on a regular basis. The staff is friendly, the food is as good as it gets for taco bell and it's a good alternative to the norm. It is after all fast food and the taste reflects as much.
3	One star because Taco Bell serves generic and fairly bland food that makes my stomach hurt.  Add another 2 stars for this particular Taco Bell because it has fast and friendly customer service.  So thumbs up for this Taco Bell location and thumbs down for Taco Bell in general. Got dragged here by someone that wasn't willing to trust a local Vegas tacqueria.  She only wanted Taco Bell.  Meh.  Tried the nacho cheese taco they've been marketing.  It's bland and uninteresting.  Not sure how they managed to make nacho cheese Doritoes bland, but they did.  Eh.  I guess it could be worse.
4	I dont eat at taco bell anymore.  But the dorito taco is awesome. Thats the only thing I will order from taco bell.   4 stars for the dorito taco. If not for that 1 star.
4	A little odd to get to your first time, but quite tasty and relatively speedy service.  I got addicted to the 5-layer burrito at this location.  Why is it so good?  Magic.  Taco Bell Voodoo Magic.   Mmm.Good customer service, correct order comes out, and inside is very, very clean.  Taco Bell isn't gourmet by any means, but it will do in a pinch - especially for the price. Those $3 meals are perfect (I usually stash the chips at home for another time as the burrito + drink are fine by me).
3	I will run for the border before I spend $6 for a taco, nacho, and Pepsi beverage. I remember the days, not so long past when Taco Bell was reasonably priced. It seems that fast food chains such as Taco Bell and Panda Express charge the same as the better local owned restaurant. With my Yelp application practically being a third arm, I am enlightened to local taco shops that are a far better value than Taco Bell.   If you are a Taco Bell fan, the service is okay with a capital "O." It is walking distance to the Walmart supercenter and Sam's Club. The crazy drivers will be an obstacle. During school season, high school kids will fill the place up.  I never say never. But until Taco Bell lowers their prices, for the next 6 months I will only be supporting them through only nachos and cheese or soda purchases. And that is if there is no competition.
1	I won't ever come back to this Taco Bell. Service sucks and manager (old lady that looks like a man) is really rude, she needs more fast food management training. The store is really filthy and who knows what they use to prepare the food. So PLEASE, I wouldn't come here if I were you. YUCK!
1	This place is a mess. The past 6 times I've been here over the past 3 months there has been an incredible delay in the drive thru, orders messed up and overall just disaster. Food came out cold one time, which is surprising consider I waited 20 minutes in the drive thru for it. Another time 3 out of the 4 crunchy tacos were crushed when we got them. The employees look like they have no idea what to do. Overall, this taco ball falls short in capable management.
1	I've been here twice in the past month, around 7ish. The drive thru takes at least 10 minutes! Horrible drive thru!!!!
2	taco bell is my go-to for middle of the night hunger.  but no matter what time i go to this taco bell, i have learned to wait and wait and wait in the drive through.  i don't know what the problem is, but for the three years i've been going there, the wait is horrible.  if there was another taco bell closer, i'd go to it.  management really needs to do something about the wait time.
