4	A Kmart with a grocery store inside, video poker machines, and open 24 hours!
2	I don't understand how they stay in business?  I'm trying to think of one time I've gone to this Kmart and left with what I was looking for?  They have shelves upon shelves of nonsense?  Low quality and the employees seem like they'd like to saw off their arm.
2	This Kmart is a good but not great store.  This location is one of the smaller locations in town and really doesn't compare IMHO to the Target super store or Wal-Mart (besides parking; yuk) when it comes to selection and value.
3	It used to be my go to store for everything from food, school supplies, cleaning supplies and all other stuff because it was large and open 24-hours. Now it's open kind of late and no more deli or frozen food section. To be honest, it sure bets the hell out of going to wal-mart (because it's a zoo at any time of the day or night) but still is not as great as target.
5	This Kmart has a Sears Outlet inside of it.  if you are looking to replace your appliances come check out the prices there.  Most stuff is always on sale and the employees there are really helpful.  Don't buy your appliance until you compare their prices!!
4	Now that Sears has acquired Kmart, we often go to this location because they have the Sears appliance center.  The prices are marked down from Sears stores, and they may not have every model, but we have replaced our microwave and more recently our dishwasher from the selection they did have on hand and with great savings. Kmart is improved their quality as well, I still have items  from the Jacqueline Smith collection that has held up for years.  Once and a while, they have clearance cells and it's great picking up a polo shirt for $3.  If you haven't been in for a while, check out this store, it's great.
4	I like Kmart, specially for there make up.  Alot of times they have buy 1 get 1 1/2 off.They have a membership card also, so you get a few dollars loaded on your card sometimes.  So that means I get free makeup!  Ohhhh yea!
1	What a Dump compared to Walmart and Target. Their aisles and merchandise are unorganized and sloppy. I don't know how they stay in business.
2	I'm trying to throw some business their way in my efforts to avoid Wal-Mart due to their unethical and illegal labor law violations and harmful products from China. I've spent a hefty sum of money here and the employees are always apathetic or down right rude!
3	I only go to this store when I'm in the area, and if I've already been to Target. I always find it very clean. The store is large and spacious, so it's pretty easy to shop.Pretty good selection of kitchen ware. I've gotten good deals on a few things. Nice selection of inexpensive frames.  Baby section is kind of small, but I think that is typical. Clothes: Steer clear. I'm not sure why the people that make clothes for the poorer people insist on making them so ugly. Ugh. The Kmart clothing section is filed with obnoxious patterns, loud colors and terrible fabric. Avoid! My favorite thing about kmart, is that they will email your receipt. Genius!
1	Understaffed, unknowledgeable employees, takes way too long to buy something,
3	Any way you look at it, I don't think K-Mart carries much quality stuff. I stop here to use Rewards points and the checkout process is often a nightmare.  They have good deals on holiday merchandise but other than that I don't come here often. The nostalgia factor is wearing thin and the prices aren't as competitive as they used to be.
5	This used to be a Super KMart, with groceries just like Super Walmart. They couldn't compete with Super Walmart prices, so the groceries are gone and have been for a long while. Now that section is for Sears appliances. I've always wondered how well the Sears appliance section does in KMarts? Every time I come to a KMart, there's never anyone in that section shopping!Anyway, this is my favorite KMart in Vegas and always has been. It's very clean and organized and a pleasure to shop. I RARELY shop KMart for clothing, but this location I am always looking for clothes because I like how they have it organized and faced (Sunset location should take notes).Despite how convenient the Sunset location is for me (I can literally walk there) when I want a serious KMart shopping experience, this is the location I go to.
4	I have not been a long time customer at KMart, because of experiences with K Mart in other states. But, now that I am over 80, thought shopping and convenience would beworth a try, and I am close to store at 10405 Eastern in Henderson,Was particularly aware of top cleanliness,and how products are so organized, making it easy to shop. Must have good managers. Actually found very good choices, and upto date featured clothing lines The grocery section is limited, but very well stocked. I therefore thought would, try their online orders and  products. Found good sales and good selection, and even sale item were in stock..Have purchased several larger items and miscellaneous  was satisfied with product, ,and their delivery is Very quick.  You may get many boxes,  evidentally even partial orders are sent as soon as available. Most important,wanted to be able to do returns at store, which say is offered in many cases.  Would certainly recomend someone to check this store out,sure will bepleasantly surprised.
4	The best customer service I have ever received at a store compared to its competitors. Betsy the customer service supervisor was absolutely great and extremely helpful!!!
2	Sales lady was amazing!!! Blonde glassesBut only thing bad was her manager!!! She was a bitch.  Made me and my wife feel very unwelcome. She was a light older African lady.  Even set a limit on us for getting free spongebob mini figs for buying sets and sets.  I think she's mad because she plans to sell it if it doesn't run out on her own. That's how other managers in other places usually act and do when they want to sell it. If anyone reads this I hope they take some disciplinary actions. Over the past two days. I've spent over 300 or more on mega bloks.
