5	Everyone is very friendly and top notch at their specialty with the exception of one person but that person is very nice. It's also easy to get appointments and they have Saturday hours. Tammi gives the most awesome massages.
5	I love the staff that make this place a warm and fun atmosphere.
5	I have been going to Alpha Chiropractic for the past 3 years after I was referred to them through Team in Training.  I had just completed my first half marathon and my podiatrist told me that my plantar fasciitis was so bad that I should never do another race.  My coach recommended I go and see Dr. Robertson and after extensive treatment on my feet (because I let it go too long), I no longer experience any pain and have very rare flare ups that require one visit to fix up.  I am headed into my 13th half marathon and would not still be having fun raising money and awareness for blood cancer research while putting notches on the race belt if it weren't for Dr. Robertson and his staff.  I would recommend them to anyone and have continued to do so.  Thanks for fixing my feet!!
1	This place is awful!  Bought an Amazon Local deal for a massage.  Called to schedule it twice,  they said they would call back and never did.  I usually don't write negative reviews but I felt compelled to for this place.  I will pretend that this place no longer exists.   Don't waste your time!
5	I've found Alpha Chiropractic to be a very friendly, caring physical therapy/chiropractic office.  I'd recommend to a friend.
5	The care and attention provided by Dr. Robertson and his staff is exceptional. I have seen many chiropractors in my lifetime. Dr. Robertson is the best I have ever experienced. He takes the time to explain things. He uses physical therapy along with chiropractic therapy, unlike so many other chiropractors that just want your money. His office is not a cattle call, but a warm and friendly place to be.
5	I have been going to Alpha Chiropractic on and off for the past few years.  Dr. Robertson was recommended to my through Team in Training friends.  I have seen him for neck, shoulder, back, and even some foot and ankle issues.  I also recommend their massage therapists, I have had a good experience with several of them!  The office staff is friendly and it is a comfortable and laid back atmosphere.
