1	This was just plain bad.  It had a really overly thick crust with a thin layer of cheese and sauce.  It tasted like school lunch pizza from high school in the 80's.  The sausage also tasted cheap.  I wouldn't recommend this place.
3	This used to be my local Villa pizza. We ordered pizza and either picked up or had delivered about a dozen times when we lived in this neighborhood. The pizza quality was fairly consistent, good ingredients (from the pepperoni to the veggies) and the it was always greasy, and more than once was ordered when we were hungover. We never ate in at this location, and honestly, I never saw anyone in the dining room when I went to pick up. The prices are a little high, and we rarely encountered any specials. We always enjoyed the taste of this nice greasy soggy pizza, but if  that is not what you are looking for, don't do it. The garlic knots and fries are also pretty decent, but again, a bit pricey.
5	Ive been going to this Villa Since i lived in Las Vegas the 1st time i lived here and could drive. Its the best of all the Villa Pizza's. Whether i eat in or call and pick it up. The pizza is always hot and fresh and tastes the same. Try the Cannolis, and the Zeppolis. Im always proud to pull up and know im about to have a taste of Chewy Big Slices. The Salads are wonderful and fresh as well. Lets just say ive been going here so long they know me and my friends by name. Though im leaving for Denver just like before when i come back to Vegas my family has to take me to Villa.And they love Villa too.
5	I'm eating as I type one handed, a slice in the other hand.  Goodness, this pizza is good! I got the two slice 'deal' of cheese.  Delicious pizza, and I think it's worth the price.  I haven't had Villa Pizza in so long since my husband doesn't like them (I have no idea what's wrong with him...I think he has problems.) but I don't care his excuse, this is the new pizza place for me!
5	Hmmm, love Villa Pizza!  However, this location on Stephanie is the BEST one out them all!  I have never been disappointed!  For a pizza joint close to me, I am very happy to go there :)
3	Villa offers a thin NY style pizza. I never tried any of their specialties. I perfer to stay with cheese pizza. The pizza is almost always greasey and chewy but i go every once in awhile just for that pizza to go along with my beer.
2	Just all right.  2 slices of paper thin cheese pizza and a drink for $6.50.  I've had better.  Napoli Pizza, for one, seems to carry a better value for the money.
1	One star is generous. I am sitting in McDonald's drive through line because I could only make it one bite into my meatball sub before I had to put it down.The cheese and bread were good. The sauce was good. The meatball tasted like balled up sponge in tomato sauce. It was a little cheat, flavorless but nasty tasting at the same time. Wife will review her food too, needless to say, they managed to mess up salad too. We will NOT be going back here.
2	Villa Pizza is one of my least favorite pizza places.  Have I been to Villa several times?  Sure.  Would I go here if I wasn't rushed or absolutely dying for cheap pizza?  Nah.The crust is a bit cardboard-ish.  The sauce has an okay flavor.  There is really nothing distinctive or interesting about the pizza.  It just... is.  It's a belly-filler and nothing more.
4	Tried this place for the first time and the food was good.  We ordered the lasagna dinner.  It was reasonably priced and came with French bread and a small salad.  We also tried their Stromboli...also very good!
2	Overall assessment:  Gotcha pricing leaves a bad tasteLast night was the first time I ordered pizza from Villa Pizza, and I made the mistake of not having a menu in my possession when ordering.We ordered two large pizzas (one cheese and one with mushrooms), and it was $34.  There was a menu taped to one of the boxes, and the menu said that if we had mentioned their "two pizza special" when ordering, I would have saved $8.  The person on the phone should have mentioned that there was a special.   Boy do I feel ripped off. While the pizza was good, the gotcha pricing left a bad taste.  More than anything, yelpers need to be aware.
4	I have only eaten here twice, that said both times were just for slices which seems to be a hard thing to find in the valley.  Well they have a very competent slice, it would be  a slice I would expect to find in a northern NJ suburb.  It is not a New York slice but close, oh so close.  I want to say 31/2 stars but I am not able so upped it half.
1	I would have loved to try the pizza.  The guy saw me there waiting at the counter to take my order but made me wait a few minutes and never acknowledged me, or took my order.  Empty restaurant....not as if they were busy.
1	I wish I  could give it less.  They used to be good.  The owner was a jerk on the phone.
5	I love this place! The people there are always so nice and my pizza is always perfect! Me and my bf love the Italian Garlic pizza. I like it without veggies and even ordered it half with and half without and it was perfect! I'm sorry, but this place is just too yummy. I loves it!
3	Just an FYI, they've shut down. :(
