5	I stayed at the Le Petit Hotel (LPH) for a few days in early August, just as it was opening and I was impressed on all levels. First the service is amazing. The staff was attentive, young, and very helpful. Second, the design of the place is really striking and unique. Its a relatively small hotel and it feels very cozy but it  has all of the amenities of a much larger hotel. For example, they let me use the gym at one of their sister properties which was just a block away. Third, the breakfasts was just amazing and it made the price of the hotel seem like a steal. Fourth, the bed is incredible and it made me want to never leave the room, And there are nice little charms like the iPod charger/stereo, flat screen tv, and really cool looking furniture. Fifth, the shower is just incredible--its worth the whole trip to Montreal. Its hard to explain but you have to just go there. I highly recommend it!
5	I heart this place!It is the perfect boutique hotel to stay in the heart of Old Montreal.The lobby of the hotel is very quaint and has a cafe as well.The room was impeccably decorated and modern and the bed was one of the most comfortable beds I've slept in.  They give breakfast every morning which was a great spread along with the most amazingly big croissants and a cafe coffee.But the thing I most appreciated about Le Petit was the service.  The front desk staff were the most pleasant and accommodating people.They gave great restaurant recommendations and even made the reservations for us.  They also showed where to go in the city and printed out maps.  I would definitely recommend this hotel over any other in Montreal to anybody because I had such a great experience here.
5	Fantastic little hotel. Stylish, cozy location in Old Montreal with extremely nice and helpful staff. Our room was on the small side but still quite nice.
3	I agree with all the reviews, esp regarding the staff, they were super friendly and eager to please, as well as the cleanliness and modern cool decor. The unfortunate thing for me was that I paid a super high rate to stay here (over $400) due to it being grand prix weekend even though we wanted no part of that! We had the smallest room they offer and it was just a bit too small for us - and the lighting is a bit dim due to it being in the old city with brick buildings very close to eachother and limited natural light.  For the money, we got ripped! But for their normal rates, this hotel is definitely worth it. It was a quick walk to the metro which we utilized and it was in walking distance to cirque du solei which is at the old port. Try it, but don't go for grand prix wknd!
5	We stayed here for 5 nights while in Montreal.  The rooms are a little on the small side, but the staff (which is what makes a great hotel in my opinion) are excellent.  They really helped us to explore the city.The location is amazing if you like good food as it is within walking distance of many of the top tables in town.Quick Tips: They have bike storage in the empty unit next door.Arrive early for breakfast or there will be none left.
5	We stayed here for two nights to celebrate our anniversary, and I have rarely, if ever, had a more pleasant experience with a hotel or its staff than I have with Le Petit Hotel. Our arrival on Friday came in the middle of the day, and the young lady at the front desk advised us that we would be better off parking our car on the street and feeding a machine every couple of hours until 9pm (when it's no longer necessary) than to pay the fee to park in their valet lot.  This prospect, of course, is made more attractive by the fact that in Montreal, you don't have to go back to your car and feed a meter - there are computerized machines all over the city that accept money to keep your car legally parked while it is many, many blocks away!! In any case, check-in was a breeze, and our room was spotless, funky, cool, and had everything we could have needed for a stay in the city.  The location of this hotel, in the heart of Old Montreal, so European in aspect, is a wonderful boon for us tourists - so much to see and so many places to enjoy within walking distance, it was obvious that we would really need several more days to truly enjoy the city! The free breakfast the hotel offers is a wonderful value (it's FREE!) - get there early to enjoy fresh croissant, various muffins and pastries, cereal, fresh fruit, juice, milk, and good strong coffee!  A great way to start a day of sightseeing. We couldn't have enjoyed our stay here more, and will be back to Montreal again, and will go out of our way to stay here again if we can.  All the staff members we spoke with were helpful, friendly and courteous, and all happy to point out areas to visit, tips for getting around the city and recommendations of all kinds.  Highly recommended!
5	Really great place.  Friendly and helpful staff, the rooms are clean, comfortable and modern and the location superb.The complimentary breakfast is limited, but carefully chosen and delicious.  The baked goods are delivered daily at 6 a.m.My only complaint is there is no in-room recycling program.
4	My girlfriend and I just spent the weekend at Le Petit Hotel and really enjoyed ourselves.  As everyone else points out, the staff were very friendly.  The room was fantastic.  4 huge floor to ceiling juliet balconies, stone walls, nice hardwood floors and a super comfortable king bed.  The bathrooms we're decent, but kind of lacking the style of the rest of the room.The complimentary croissants and latte's were great first thing in the morning.  Oh and they must have made a note that it was my girlfriends birthday when I booked months ago, because they dropped off a cupcake and a card when we were out.  Nice touch.My only minor issues:They were stingy on towels.An HDTV with no HD.  Not a huge deal as we weren't there to hang out all day, but when paying for a nice hotel, I usually expect to at least have the amenities I have at my own home.Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel. 8/10
5	Some hotels feel stuffy and formal. Some hotels feel old and worn. Some hotels have no character at all... But Le Petit Hotel feels JUST RIGHT. There's something about walking into a room that is both minimal and modern yet comfortable. Yup, I could get used to a room like this. The medium size is perfect for two. Up on the 4th, the top floor, ceilings are angled. The bed is soft and king sized. The closet space, large, organized and contained. From here, there's no view per se, but you're in Old Port after all, and as soon as you walk outside, you're immersed in another world! If you don't squeal about the shower - for novelty sake - I'll think there's something wrong with you. And if you don't shriek the first time you try to use the multiple knobs, temperatures, and various settings... well then I'll just think you're smarter than me. It's a swank bathroom with glass, glass, and more glass. My only suggestion - more hooks folks!And the complimentary breakfast? First off, having a lobby slash coffee shop suits me perfectly on a work trip. Second, the chocolate croissants? The espressos? The fresh fruit salad? This made staying here a treat. And getting their current promo 4 nights for the price of 3, made it all the sweeter!
5	My Montreal routine...Wake up around nine or ten (hey, that's really early on the west coast). Head downstairs for croissants and a proper cappuccino. Smiles and bonsoirs all around from the staff. Ready, set, aller to the Metro.The WiFi was a but spotty up on the fourth floor but seemed to work well in the lobby. The staff really do rock! I spent quite a while chatting with the front staff over the weekend. And they are genuinely Funny, Useful, and Cool!The small hotel. Home sweet home in Montreal.
5	A nice little weekend getaway with my best friend to Montreal. We had Le Petit Hotel recommended to us by a coworker, and he was right! It was wonderful! Location was fantastic, on a great street in Old Montreal. The room was a good size, beautifully styled. I loved the iPod-radio dock beside the bed. Our ceiling was vaulted with exposed stone walls. A huge organized closet space.Breakfast included! I'm not a coffee drinker, but there were a selection of teas to choose from. Cereals, granola, yoghurts, cut up fruit, and an assortment of breads and croissants. The perfect light breakfast before we went walking around Old Montreal for the day. The staff was super nice when we asked for help and recommendations. I'd definitely want to stay there again!!
5	From the minute we arrived until the moment we left, I was thoroughly impressed with Le Petit Hotel in Montreal.The hotel truly does feel like a small boutique hotel; all the staff members remembered us when we came through and asked about our time in Montreal.  They had some fantastic recommendations for dinner, which made this celebratory weekend away complete.The room was a little cozy, but the modern, upscale feel really made up for it.  Also, even on a busy weekend in Old Montreal, we never had any problems with noise. Also the complementary lattes in the morning were delicious!This is definitely my first choice hotel every time I visit Montreal from now on; I'd highly recommend it.
5	Le Petit Hotel was a wonderful place to stay for our 4 nights in Montreal.  Located just by the waterfront and Notre Dame.  The staff made good recommendations for us for dinner on our first night; we'd had a long drive and didn't want to venture far, but they steered us clear of the touristy spots.Every morning, the hotel has a wonderful spread for breakfast.  As others point out, getting there on the early side is a good idea, but breakfast comes with one espresso beverage included (and the staff are great baristas!).  Food items include yogurt, fruit, cereals, milk, croissants (plain and chocolate), muffins, and more.  Throughout the day hotel guests can have filter coffee or tea as much as they like.  We spent our mornings working in the lobby, enjoying the wireless and coffee, and then heading out in the afternoon to see the city.The room's ambience was great and the shower is very high-tech.  I'd stay here again in a heartbeat.
5	Definitely a  10. The hotel was everything we wanted for our stay in Montreal, small and intimate and  conveniently located.  All the people on the front desk patiently answered  our questions  and gave us very helpful suggestions.  The bed was amazingly comfortable. A big white king size, looked like a giant marshmallow.  We didn't want to get up from it and, only did so because we had so much touring to do.  The shower was another blissful experience. Overhead spray and two side panels with shower heads you could adjust individually.  The continental breakfast was better than expected.  Yogurt, fresh fruit compote, cereals, croissants (get the chocolate one) muffins and great raisin and grain breads.  The breads were so good we ordered a couple of loaves to take home with us. A truly delightful four night stay.
5	We just had a very lovely honeymoon stay in Le Petit Hotel. The location was prime - right in Old Montreal, on a cute street with a bunch of restaurants and boutiques. The hotel was a tiny bit hard to find, but only because we were looking for a sign and there wasn't one - just the name of the hotel on the windows. The staff took our car for valet, and kept it for the whole four-day stay. The lobby, cafe and eating-area are small, but stylish and well-decorated. I could easily see someone choosing to sit with a book or a laptop there (although we didn't because we had lots of sights to see!). The room was very nice. We were on the fourth floor in a "medium" room, which was fairly spacious for two people with lots of closet room, a desk, a comfy chair, two night stands and a king-sized bed. Our window was facing the wall of the adjacent building, so not much of a view, but it meant that we had a very quiet stay with no noise or light problems. The bathroom was a little cramped, but it was no problem for us and the amenities were nice, including the Aveda bath products and the shower with all sorts of strange options. The mini-bar is limited, but reasonably priced. It was a very clean hotel on the whole, and the maid service tidied up the room daily, replaced the towels and set the iHome music player/alarm clock to a soft trance music. The room, even on the fourth floor, had very good (and free!) wifi service. The continental breakfast was a nice start to the day, and it's sad that more hotels these days don't offer it. The options were limited, but the quality was very good. Plain and chocolate croissants, fresh breads for toasting, cereal, yogurt, fruit and coffee/tea. The staff would also come around and offer to get you orange juice or a fresh latte. Not a stuff-yourself breakfast, but perfect to keep you going until lunchtime. The service was, in a word, excellent. The staff was always pleasant and prompt with any requests, and personable while also being professional. Check-in and check-out were both fast, as was the valet. The provided us with maps, directions, called us a taxi, and gave excellent restaurant recommendations and made reservations. They remembered who we were and asked us specific questions about how our day had been and whether we liked the restaurants, etc. It was a nice benefit to being in a smallish hotel. If (when?) I return to Montreal, I will definitely be choosing Le Petit Hotel.
5	Although I was staying at the Nelligan (sister hotel right up the block) many of my colleagues stayed at Le Petit and I had the opportunity to see a number of rooms, eat breakfast, have a drink, etc.This is one of the most unique hotels I've ever seen. While the building is 17/18th century stone, classic Vieux Montreal- the interior is modern elegant funk. Because of the idiosyncrasies of the building, the rooms are all VERY different, with weird angles, exposed stone, beams, wildly differing ceiling heights etc. For example, one room on the fourth floor opened to an interior staircase and then a split room with sitting lounge/area to the left and a bedroom to the right. Beautiful.  A second room was in its own area, a sort of half floor, the only room with a private staircase right by the lobby coffee bar. Strange, but so cool.Wonderful complimentary continental breakfast and coffee, and among the coolest collection of light fixtures I've ever seen. Unique, boutique, clean, stylish and an extraordinary juxtaposition of old and new.  I love this hotel!
4	Super reasonable mini fridge item prices. So much so that we cleaned out all of the beer.The continental breakfast spread was also nice. I particularly enjoyed the fruit salad and thick slices of bread for toast. My beloved enjoyed the yogurt, pastries, and coffee. The front desk folks were pleasant, the bed was fantastic, and the room was nicely furnished.What impressed me the most was - in the rather small bathroom- the funnest shower I've ever used. I've used fancy shower things in the past where I have water blasting me from all sorts of directions, but I've never had one where I could adjust the spray, adjust the temp, and do all of it from a little command center. It was like programming a flight, except that it was shower.
4	A narrow unprepossessing lobby/cafe. The combo worked surprisingly well.Young educated polite patient helpful/attentive mellifluous staff taking their cues from hardworking professional and elegant general manager Joelle Beaulieu."we are happy to have you here"The  were  bit dark for me ; unavoidable given the vintage building . Great location.Cramped front door Competitive rates.Interesting clientele.
5	This Hotel is fantastic. It's cozy and modern at the same time. The staff is so professional and friendly. Breakfast in the morning is good. Fresh croissants and fruits. Coffee is really good. I tried the Moka and the Expresso. They really are putting an effort to every little details. The rooms are fantastic and let me tell you that I have never found pillows as comfy as theirs. Situated in the old montreal. This is really the top choice for your stay in Montreal.
4	This is the cutest hotel.  I will forever stay here anytime I visit Montreal.  The staff is extremely friendly and helpful.  The Le Petit family really knows how to provide first class service.The location is perfect.  I was able to walk all over.  There are some fantastic restaurants just in a one block radius of the hotel.For my birthday the staff surprised me with a delicious red velvet cupcake and brought us a DVD player and Sex and the City 2 because it was a rainy day.  Every morning I was excited about my croissant and coffee.
4	I liked it!  I didn't love it.  The staff is nice the room (we ordered a large room due to the reviews_) was nice, but having stayed in properties around the world it was at the low end of "nice".  The beds were quite comfortable, but the pillows way too large for my taste, so we'll try to fix this tonight.  They have a sister hotel just up the street that has a roof-top bar, The Nelligon, which also looked nice.The room reminded me of the Old Bank Hotel in Oxford, which was truly lovely.  Would I stay here again.  Don't know.
5	This has become my home away from home in Montreal.  Very old building in the Old Port, but the interior is right up to the minute.  Very young, very helpful, very kind front desk staff.  I love them all.  They make me feel welcome, comfortable, and taken care of. And they don't laugh at my poor attempts to practise French.  Good location, good value.
4	My family in Montreal seemed surprised that I wasn't staying a big corporate hotel like the Ritz, Sofitel, etc while in Montreal. However, I see no reason to stay at such large hotels (well besides points/rewards of course) when there are intimate lovely hotels like Le Petite Hotel.At Le Petite Hotel they greet you by name. They even knew who I was when I first checked in since I was one of the last people to arrive that day. At Le Petite Hotel they serve a delicious complimentary breakfast. The croissants were especially yummy. At Le Petite Hotel they provide you with a spacious, comfortable hotel room that makes you feel like you're at home rather than on the road. And at Le Petite Hotel they have the most amazing shower where you can control the temperature, water pressure, etc. They just need to provide instructions on how to use such a high tech shower because it took me about 10 minutes to figure out.This hotel is located within Old Montreal, which is a fabulous location. I was a bit bummed to discovered Le Petite Hotel doesn't have a gym, although they do allow use of the gym of their sister property just a block away. However, I never made it to the gym since I preferred to just talk a long walk around the neighborhood.I'd skip the big chains again next time and would reserve a room at Le Petite Hotel.
4	This always happens. I use a service, love it and pledge upon my honor that I will Yelp it when I get home. Then reality rushes in upon my return and I forget all about said pledge. But for whatever reason this time, nearly a month later after staying at Le Petit Hotel, I remembered to do it. The staff were great. Attentive, young, chic and, in the morning, pliers of really great tasting coffee and espresso. In fact, come and have a coffee here even if you aren't a guest. The hotel itself, clean, well designed and hip (just like the staff, really)  is perfectly situated in Old Montreal so we were able to walk to everything, especially the highly recommended Science Museum along the river and, farther along on Rue St. Paul, a cobblestone walking street with great restaurants and shops.The hotel offers valet parking but we used a parking lot around the corner, which I imagine was a bit cheaper.The best part was that the hotel staff arranged for a babysitter to come look after our three-year old while we hit the town. She was so great that our boy had forgotten all about us by the time it was time to say goodbye - he only wanted to see what Diane had brought in her backpack. This was our first experence using a babysitter in a strange town and, even though there were loud and scary thunderstorms overhead, it couldn't have gone more smoothly.The room was cozy - we stayed in the lower room with its own stairs (101?) so access was very easy. The staff put in an extra bed for our three year old at no charge. It was a bit cramped for two adults and a kid, but we managed.
5	Perfect Hotel. The people at the front desk actually recommend places that are amazing. Great free breakfast.  Rooms are adorable--nothing glamorous but basic and nice.  The best part of the hotel was the location.  If we had stayed anywhere else, our trip would have been terrible.  All the best food and shopping was on our block or a a few blocks down (but still on rue st paul).  You have Olive and gourmando two blocks away (still on rue st paul), both of chuck hughes restaurants right there and plenty of other perfect restaurants.  When you walk out the doors you feel like youre in Paris/Soho in New York.  Oh yeah, youre right near the Port.  Go biking and hang at Bota Bota Spa.
5	This hotel was perfect in every way.  The mix of old stone walls and modern touches is charming and comfy.  The staff was exceptionally helpful with every detail, including restaurant recommendations and tour reservations.  I have never slept in a more comfortable bed, really like sleeping in a cloud.  The dual bedside lights with extra reading lights were a thoughtful touch.  In the morning, it was very convenient to begin with great coffee and croissants, along with other healthier options.  During the day, you can get freshly made coffee or tea at any time for free.  I loved this place and will surely return!
5	Rooms are very clean, staff is very polite. We will return again.
4	if you like small (20 rooms), perfectly situated (in Old Montreal) and brilliantly run hotels, this place will work for you.staff, including Alexander, is excellent. room is bright, cheerful and well-appointed.through its affiliation w Hotel Nelligan, you get access to the nearby hotel's small but good gym.i'm only in my second day of a multi-day stay for business and already wish I had more time here.
4	Pretty cheap price, decent staff. The place is kept very nice and clean. The pool and rooms are very well kept. Outside area for relaxing.
5	Awesome boutique hotel in Old Montreal.  The staff really makes it - they are super nice and informative.  They have an awesome complimentary continental breakfast, and a loaner laptop to borrow.  Made our stay in Montreal super modern and efficient!  Thanks!
5	One word - UNBELIEVABLE!!!No matter what the rate per night it is here, this is the place to stay at in Montreal!!!  Also, the complimentary breakfast is sooooooo good!!!  The chocolate croissants is to die for!!! :)  Extremely friendly service and the rooms are very cute, clean and modern!
4	TLe Petite CafeThere is nothing better than when you discover good coffee.  We went looking for this good coffee and we found it here. Really good and supported by great service. A treat and recommendation to all coffee lovers.
4	Just as promised! This place had great reviews and they were all correct. The hotel is a beautifully renovated space in the middle of a block of Old Montreal. The front desk staff are cool, friendly, and exceptionally helpful. I got the small room as I was traveling alone and it was perfect. Didn't want to leave the bed each day but was glad I did. This place is cozy. The location is very convenient to any of the sites in this part of town and it's a short walk to downtown, which still only took about fifteen minutes, even in the snow. The Notre Dame Basilica is just around the corner and it is breath taking, inside and out. Things get quiet in this part of town especially during Christmas week but there were still plenty of options for dining and drinks, and taxis are always seconds away. Pricing here is an outstanding value. Keep in mind that this is a non-smoking boutique hotel, so they may not have the same facilities as a large chain in a newer city. Thank. God.  I hope to see these nice people again.
5	We just left after 3 lovely nights! So so happy! The perfect size, amazing location, scrumptious breakfast, stylish decor. We will be back! The street is "the" place to be in vieux Montreal!
5	We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights and loved it! It's beautiful and modern and the staff is great extremely accommodating and very nice. Our room was beautiful and clean and very nicely decorated. The breakfast is also very good. We will def come back again. Great place !
4	Beautiful hotel in a great location for sure. Our room was 101 I believe - the one that is next to the eating and reception area - wasn't so bad sometimes but the mornings were loud won't everyone having breakfast and all you can hear is people talking and cutlery clinking when you are trying to sleep in a bit. Otherwise, rooms were charming and bed was comfy! I would recommend the hotel but make sure you don't get that room!
4	Le Petit Hotel is a boutique hotel located on one of the very narrow streets of Old Montreal. With plenty to do and plenty to see in Montreal this was a very convenient location for seeing Old Montreal and the Old Port.  It is in walking distance from all the activities in that area and two blocks from the Notre-Dame Basilica.  There are four floors in the hotel and the rooms are not that large.  My room was all hard wood floors, which was very unique.  The room was extremely clean and even had a spot for you to take your shoes off when you got in the room. The bed was also very comfortable.  The bathroom wasn't particularly large, but once again, cleanliness is key and that it was.  There is just a stand-up shower.  Staff was very friendly and were very willing to help. Breakfast is served in the morning.  Choice of specialty coffee or orange juice.  Breakfast spread includes cereal, croissants, chocolate croissants, cinnamon raisin bread, and a fruit salad.  My recommendation is that if you are looking for the Montreal nightlife to stay more in the downtown area near st. catherine's or crescent streets.  This area is pretty dead at night in terms of bars.  There are plenty of restaurants though.
5	We had a lovely 5 night stay here in the medium room. It's hard to find- keep your eyes peeled for the orange window sign! The building itself is a lovely repurposed 19th century construction.The location couldn't have been better- a 4 minute walk to Notre Dame Cathedral and the Pointe-a-Calliere Museum, and only about a 7 minute walk from the Metro stop. The hotel itself was immaculately clean and tastefully, chicly decorated. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The WiFi was free and I always got a strong connection, even on the 4th floor. The king bed was AMAZING- we inquired as to the brand and are now purchasing one for our home. :) The breakfast was delicious and the bread (pain au chocolat, croissants, bread) is delivered fresh from the bakery each morning. A week later and I'm still thinking about that pain au chocolat....The only downsides were the view (or lack thereof on the 4th floor) and the small (but very updated) bathroom. However, the room was very quiet since it faced away from the street, so I was ok with the lack of a view.The price was very reasonable for the level of service and for the area. We actually got a better deal booking through the hotel (10% off) than through one of those travel websites. Overall highly satisfied and recommended! We would definitely stay here again.
5	4.5 starsChecked in here for our anniversary since it was ranked #1 on Trip Advisor. We stayed 2 nights in room 103.The room was very modern, spacious and beautifully clean :) I loved the hotel at first site.The hotel is located in old Montreal... Loved the location I read reviews that people said the first floor was noisy because it was close to the elevators... We didn't really have that problem.The complimentary breakfast was decent... Your typical carb station ( croissants, pastries, breads) I just kept thinking where's the protein?I do however feel the customer service could have been bit better
5	4.5For the second part of my stay in Montreal, I knew that I wanted to stay at/in Le Petit Hotel. Not only had I read review after review from co-workers, the hotel was firmly ensconced in Old Montreal, looked old from the outside (even a bit hidden) and was updated on the inside. I knew I had to experience it.My expectations weren't let down in the least. I stayed in a medium king. I figured that I might as well treat myself a little. Check-in was a breeze. The helpful and chatty staff told me everything I needed to know about the hotel, the neighborhood and things to do while visiting. Despite its location, English was not an issue. Everyone I encountered was fully bilingual. After a welcome coffee, I went to my room... and was very pleased with my choice. Stone walls gave way to a modern, comfortable room with clean lines and wood floors. The bright orange mod chair was a nice pop of color for an otherwise white, black and stone room. Mixing form and function, the room had plenty of dark wood storage, a large window, a big desk, and a sinfully soft bed that begged you to spend time in it. Using all my willpower to get up from collapsing on to the plush mattress and pillows, I checked out the bathroom. Yep: space-age. Awesome. The shower came with all sorts of nozzles, sprays, buttons, and whodads. Truly, the folks behind LPH have managed to blend classic architecture with a modern approach. I almost didn't want to go out and explore the neighborhood, I was so happy with my room.But, out I went. During my stay, the front desk staff called cabs for me, mailed postcards (and secured stamps), made sure that I availed myself of the breakfast (pastries, fruit, cereal, fresh juice, coffee... food is self-serve; drinks come to you), and, overall, ensured that my needs were met and my happiness was paramount. I felt appreciated as a guest and attended to as a tourist. I would have no hesitation staying here again or encouraging a friend (even an internet friend) to do the same.
4	The location and atmosphere couldn't be better, and the price is very reasonable for an experience that's both upscale and relaxed. I would stay again in a heartbeat.We had a medium-sized room, which had plenty of space for two of us and our stuff, but it turned out to be on the first floor. This was the only downer. The door was directly across from the elevator, and there was a certain amount of noise (although not a lot). Also, our view was that of an alley, but this is Montreal, so it was an atmospheric alley. This is a very small hotel, so it's not like we could have asked for another room. In the end, it didn't matter.All the appointments are top-notch, from the complimentary shampoo to the mattress to the cozy bathrobes to the lighting. The wi-fi worked perfectly. The staff are nice but not overly familiar. The water pressure was lovely, but it will take you at least a day to figure out how to work the space-age shower controls, so I recommend staying for longer than that. Be warned: Taxi drivers will not recognize the generic-sounding (in French, anyway) name, thinking either that you're an idiot or that you're drunk. Give them the street address instead.
5	hard to improve on this stay.  location was great for us..just remember to keep you east and west St Paul straight when getting there.  the staff, housekeeping,room and comfort level were outstanding.  small hotel with a cozy feel. contemporary style and fair price point.  capaccino, pastries and fruit available for no extra charge in the morning.  valet parking is 30 US dollars a day..a good value for that neck of the woods.
4	We stayed here for our 20th Anniversary and had a very pleasant experience. The location of the hotel in the Old City was great; we walked to the Centaur Theater for a show and the restaurants within walking distance give you many options for dinner. The room was on the smaller side but very well appointed. The staff was very helpful and friendly as well. We would definitely stay here again.
