1	Okay, so my big beef here is not so much with this LOCATION of Bath and Body Works, but rather with Bath and Body Works as a company in general. Let me explain. For starters, I just want to say that this store is clean, well-presented and has some very nice girls working in it. The scents of candles and lotions are incredible, and they were hard to resist with their Fall displays front and center with names like "Autumn Leaves" and "Cinnamon Pumpkin". Their prices are reasonable and their gift items are very nice. (Sigh)...so here's why I'll never shop here again. I came in to check out the store and in my browsing around, grabbed a tester for a particular scent and gave it a try. I always like to do this with lotions and perfumes; before I commit to purchasing, I put it on and walk around with it for a few hours to let it soak in since it always smells different than when you first put it on. So I left the store and for the next hour could not stop smelling my hands - it was so good it was intoxicating. I don't even remember which scent it was, but that's not important anyway. An hour and a half later I was back in the store and heading for the counter, bottle in hand. So I'm reading the back. I'm trying to be ever so conscious about my purchases, especially beauty products, in that I only buy products that are paraben-free and NOT tested on animals. Call me uptight, but I just don't think animals should be tortured so I can smell like fake juniper. I scan the label and see that it does contain parabens, but it smells so friggin good I make an exception. Then I see it: "This finished product not tested on animals." And for a minute I think, Great! Ready to buy. And then...this..."finished" product?  What the heck does that mean? Normally if a product is not tested on animals it will just say "Not tested on animals", or "We NEVER test our products on animals", or the like. And if it says nothing, you always assume that they do test on animals. But "This FINISHED product"? So, the final product that fills the bottle in my hand, the one that I intend to use, has not been tested on any animal. But what about everything before that? And then I just got mad. Very mad. Do they think we are idiots? Some big shot at BBW must believe that their customers are totally mindless, lazy, and can be easily fooled by the wording they chose. I don't know what made me more mad; the fact that they do test on animals, or the fact that they take us all for idiots and try to play like they don't run the tests. Either way, out of principle, I put the bottle back and decided I will never again give a dime of my money to BBW. Excuse the rant, but this just really pissed me off.
3	I only went in here to buy a gift.  Got in and out in 5min... the sales woman also helped me realized I could take advantage of a buy 2 get 1 free promotion so I didn't miss out.  Most B&BWs assault your senses the second you walk in.  Maybe it's just me being a guy, but it's a little overwhelming to walk into one of these places.  I usually just hold my breath, run in... and get out.
3	This Bath & Body location is convenient, clean, and organized. The employees are friendly. It's definitely smaller than the one in SouthPark Mall, but well stocked to get what you need. If anything, it's less congested and it's nice to casually shop without being in multiple people's way.
