5	La Baguette is a fantastic little deli-style sandwich shop, open from early in the morning until late afternoon.Awesome food, made fresh on the premises.  Choose from baguettes, toasties, paninis, made hot or cold at your request.  You can pick up a pre-made sandwich or ask for whatever you want to be made up in front of you.  Their specialty baguette is the steak baguette, which I admit I've yet to try.  Their full breakfast is to die for, as is their broccoli and stilton soup.  They have a range of different healthy drinks, plus the usual Irn Bru, Coke, etc.; they also have Snapples, which I don't often see these days.  The staff are efficient and fun to talk to as well, always a bonus!  Fresh food, good craic, highly recommended.If you're taking food away, it's excellent, but if you want to sit and eat, bear in mind that there's only a few seats at a couple of breakfast bar-style tables.
3	Couple of crushing blows to underline first: 1: There is no on-sight toilet (Crossing the street to relieve yourself in the Filmshouse is the only option)2: There is only one table to dine on.Aside from these admittedly crucial problems I found myself pretty content with a hearty fry up and mug of tea having managed to bag the only table and settle down with a paper. La Baguette is a cross between a greasy spoon and a deli, it fulfils both criteria to an average degree and has cheery staff to accompany it. Cheap too.
4	So you are looking for somewhere that does a huge selection of fresh baguettes, with loads of fillings and extras? Or a paninni, toastie even? Oh, and somewhere that does really good soup? You want it all to be prepared in front of you? Well I suggest La Baguette... its pretty cheap too, but theres not much room to sit in and eat, but if you do grab that illusive seat, staff are really nice, yeah. Try it out, i think you would like it!
5	A couple of updates from my previous review.The steak baguette is freakin' awesome!  Steak, onions, mushrooms, mustard, it's all good!  The breakfast bar seats are still there, but there are now a few tables to sit at.In addition to baguettes, rolls, sandwiches and panini, they now also do meals which you can take away cold to heat up later, or you can get them heated to eat there and then or take out.  Haggis, stovies, pasta ... nom.Still recommended, and the sandwich prices are a bit cheaper now too!
4	Nice people, and reasonably priced food although a slightly greasy hand.we came here twice during our stay in edinburghCajun chicken wrap : two thumbs up - yummyfried egg sandwich: good but very greasyegg plate, again greaasy but good.  tasty tea and coffee. i would definitely come back for baguettes panini etc.
4	When I lived in Edinburgh I practically lived in La Baguette! I'd come here every night before Lyceum Youth Theatre rehearsals and shows and get some sort of chicken baguette. Today I just had a hot chocolate but it was very good! The woman who served me was also incredibly friendly! Still going strong La Baguette!
