3	Although the salespeople aren't the most knowledgeable, Best Buy has great deals and I love their rewards program.
4	I love this Best Buy. Its actually where I purchased my computer from back in April, and so far so good.  Ive bought other stuff from here before, but my big ticket item was my laptop.Service, hours and location is fine.  Will shop here again.  :-)
5	I usually stay out of this place for reasons my creditors and husband won't understand. Way too many temptations here for me to deal with. I did talk the hubby into "looking" at a new vacuum and compare models. I wasn't in there 5 minutes and out comes a really nice lady asking me if I want help or if she could get me a vacuum from the back. I  wasn't totally convinced I wanted to buy one yet, but since she was there and bored and very nice I thought I'd humor her. She went to find the model I pointed to and here came 2 older gents to see if I needed more help. I felt like I was Princess Dianna...God rest her soul. (thanks also for my hubby not lookin like hers) yuckies! Anyway I had 3 people helping me and no luck on the model I liked being in stock and they were on back order online. Then I was swamped with what I could do or what I wanna do. They gave me the choice of buying at this location and picking up in Gilbert. I took it and we ran off to customer service. Steve my salesman says he has never done this before and then I got 3 more people trying to figure out how it's supposed to work.Some new thing they do called oms something. They get me all fixed up and send me to Gilbert for my new toy. This bunch was just as nice and friendly as the other ones, so it made my experience much less painful. By the way Hoover Vacuums work really well and much cheaper and longer warranty than that $600.00 Dyson. I'm sure Dyson rocks but I don't have a Princesses budget.
1	Yuck, really?I never go to Best Buy, but I went over the weekend to try some laptop comparison shopping with my wife. I just wanted to her try different models and see which ones she liked.First, what are you doing at the door, Guy Standing At The Door? Are you a receipt checker? I can't stand that kind of gestapo B.S. If you are a greeter, and you did greet us, why are you standing at a podium, Richard Dawson?Onward. They have the laptops arranged by brand... kind of? There are a couple laptops of each brand, but then they have endcaps of laptops or no known reason, and a whole row of "student" laptops for which the criteria is anyone's guess. The "Apple" section is also segregated 20 feet away with curtains, as if to prevent an infiltration of filth from the Windows PCs. My wife managed to inspect a couple of the laptops for at least 30 seconds before being jostled aside by an associate trying to get into a storage cage. I marveled at the signs advertising the Geek Squad service of essentially turning on your laptop and uninstalling a couple unwanted apps for like $100. How many people have been suckered into this, I wonder.Then... there is a Cox Cable guy roaming around? Why am I being accosted by a third-party vendor inside of Best Buy?
4	They had the best buy on the Wii. So I went in, found what I needed right away, the sales guy offered a lot of advise (good), and I was out just like that.
3	Very clean store and easy access from the freeway.  Pretty much exactly the same as every best buy.   I do prefer going to frys electronics over best buy.
4	I know there's not a lot of love out there for Best Buy, but (recent HP Touchpad fiasco aside) I'm a fan.Convenient location, clean, well-lit store, friendly, approachable, knowledgeable staff.  I've always been able to quickly and easily find what I'm looking for, and get questions answered.This location has the Magnolia home theater section, so they've got some of the mid-high-end stuff there.
4	OK, they may not have everything but they are surely customer friendly. They will take plenty of time to ensure you have your questions answered so you can make an informed purchasing decision. That's invaluable!!!
3	I love Best Buy for the most part. They have everything and it's a great place to wander around and kill time. The staff is pretty knowledgeable about their products and can answer most if not all of your questions. They are friendly and are always willing to offer you assistance. Some of my issues with their store is that they are so large they can sometimes determine the market. What I mean by this is that often times the TV's they sell are specific to them. I've tried many times to check out reviews of their TV's through CNet or Consumer Reports and discover that they don't have that item reviewed because it is specific to Best Buy. They'll review the most similar item they can, but it's not the same. I find this very frustrating if I plan on spending money on a large ticket item. My latest experience with this was on Black Friday weekend. They had a 50" Plasma 1080 Panasonic on sale for $600, which is an amazing deal. I couldn't find any reviews of it on my phone so thought I do some research then come back. I came back with the intent to purchase it, but they informed me it was sold out across the country. I found this to be very annoying. If the item is advertised, and still being advertised in the store they should honor the price even if they have to order it. Their response to me was "Sorry" I get that stores sell out of things, but if they are advertising the item, still have it hanging in the store with the price they should stand by it, not tell me I'm S.O.L.Outside of this experience I've been very happy with things I've purchased from Best Buy.
3	This Best Buy is not as new looking as the one by the mall but I feel like the employees here are more knowledgeable and helpful than at the other location.
5	I had an issue with my Dell computer that I had for less than 2 months that I purchased from Best Buy. I took it into the Geek Squad & was working with Mike & Dan. It was determined that the hard drive in the computer was damaged beyond fixing & needed to be replaced. Mike went out of his way to make sure I left the store completely satisfied with Best Buy & the Geek Squad service. These guys really earned my business for the future! I will be bringing in another computer that is ready to be upgraded and would gladly recommend Mike & Dan as a great computer resource! Glad to see BestBuy making huge strides for the future!
3	Best Buy used to be the place to go for CDs, DVDs and XBOX games but not so much any more. They have really gone down hill. I understand that only some of us old folks still by CDs so there is no reason to have half your store filled with something not a lot of people are buying. So you would think that would mean that their DVD and game selection would just be out of sight. Well it is because you can't find much of anything. Unless it just got released good luck finding it. I understand online ordering is taking a lot of your business but I am still one of the few who like to see with their hands and have it right now not in a few days while it gets shipped to me. Oh well I guess progress comes first and I am just trying to clinging to the past. I will still come here for just released Blu Rays that I really want but other than that I guess I will resign to ordering stuff online too.
1	This is the only Best Buy that I have a hard time doing business with locally. I bought a computer that was too slow to run my software. Was too busy to take it back within 14 days of return because I thought a ram upgrade might have been the problem. (had to wait for the ram to arrive.) I took it back on the 15th day and the manager on duty seemed to take joy in pointing out the small print on my receipt and washed his hands of me. (I took it back to another store and explained what happened and they apologized and took it back on exchange. So Best Buy Signal Butte, Mesa good job at basic customer service I agree it sucks to return a product I hated it got recommended by another store.)Later looked at car stereos 4 times without being greeted once. No sale bought down the street. In the appliance department I DID get help and the salesman said that my warranty is no good if I don't buy upgraded hoses and was really stuck on Samsung after I told him I wanted an American brand. No sale bought down the street.I read recently that Best Buy is concerned about "Showrooming" for the internet so people can experience and then purchase online. I heard my appliance sales guy say to me. "We are not on commission" which I assume means that he can be trusted to not recommend based on what makes him more money. I wish he did make more. Then maybe I could see the same guy on different visits.It is my opinion that not paying the salespeople an adult living wage causes the good ones to move on and no relationship is continued after it is made.This is the real problem. No relationship, no profit. You always have to pay to advertise that person back into your store. Nobody can survive this way of doing business.Please Please be better.. I am running out of options to see my electronics in person. RIP Circuit City and Ultimate.
1	Absolutely the worst customer service from the geek squad.  My computer was there a week.  Did not receive ONE Call regarding the status of my computer I had to make contact in person myself  The only call received was it was ready for pickup and when i showed up it wasnt even fixed not even the decency to call me and say they gave up  nice job lazy geek squad  do yourself a favor folks go elsewhere i sure as hell will
1	On 5/25/13 I purchased an HBO series on DVD from Best Buy Phoenix Store #177 (Ahwatukee). I later realized that I already owned that particular season and today (6/18/13) I went back to that same store to return the DVDs. I was told that I was not within the return limit policy and would not be able to return the DVDs (I was not even given the option of receiving store credit). Like most consumers I thought the return window was 30 days, which I am currently still within. The "customer service" associate told me that if I was a Best Buy Reward Zone Premier Silver member I would have had 60 days to return my items. Ohhh, ok, if I sign up for your rewards program then I get the benefits that most major retailers offer every customer, rewards member or not. The Best Buy associate told me this new policy took affect in March...well why not tell your customers that when they go through the checkout line? Forever 21 tells their customers that all accessories are final sale and clothing items can only be exchanged, not returned. Would it really be that difficult to tell people that their return policy has changed? Throw it in there while you're trying to sell me your Best Buy credit card.  Yes, the 15 day return policy was printed in fine letters on my receipt and yes I should have paid better attention to this. However, I still feel slighted by Best Buy and because of that I will not be giving my business or hard earned money to any Best Buy store from this point forward and I will make sure that everyone I know is aware of their 15 day return policy before they shop there.
1	Terrible customer service!  Stood in the tv section for 22 minutes before my wife and I were helped.  Note, my wife walked by the register after waiting 10 minutes and asked the associate who was checking someone out if he could come over when he was done.  Also, the only reason we were helped at the 22 minute mark was because I saw an associate standing in the surge protector aisle.  When I approached him for assistance, he responded with a grumble, "what do you want".  Well, I actually wanted to spend a $1000 on a TV.  Once we finally began to speak about TV's he was clueless and spoke down to me and offered no assistance.  I was so turned off by the customer service that my wife and I walked out and will spend our money elsewhere.To top it off, on our way out, there were to "door stop" associates at the computer inbetween the in/out doors too busy talking to even say have a good night. STAY AWAY and spend your money elsewhere!
4	This seems to be my go to place for electronics. This one is close to home and the staff has always been friendly, they have always gone above and beyond to help me out.
2	Never thought it would be so hard to spend money in a Best Buy.  We couldn't find an employee to help us with an appliance.  It took 20 minutes to get someone to help us.
5	Went into this best buy tonight to look for a new TV with my boyfriend. We were there for maybe 45 minutes and were approached by at least 6 different best buy employees asking if we needed any help. They had PLENTY of staff floating around to help. We didn't end up purchasing a TV just yet, but got some great insight to which TV's would work for what were looking for. Will go back to purchase our TV!
1	Went to Best Buy because they were the only ones listed for the replacement keyless entry remote.  Was in the store for 20 minutes.  Never was greeted, never was approached by any team member, even though 5 team members looked right at me.  As I was walking out, a team member was talking to another guy, not sure who he was, but he kept waving me to keep walking.  Then he approached me and said she wasn't talking to you.  I said I know no one is talking to me and I was never asked for help.  If you want customer service NEVER go to a Best Buy.  No wonder they are losing money.  Good bye Best Buy!!!
5	Went into the store and was helped by several associates. Great service from the mobile department and we were able to get what we needed.
3	After looking around at a few stores for a TV last night I landed at this Best Buy. First I needed a mount for my Samsung Note for the truck, the associate pointed me to car audio which seemed odd. After walking around that department I found no evidence there were mounts there. I walked back to the phone area and found the item there. I then was looking at TV's. Wil approached me and answered my questions as well helped me load my TV into my truck... Great job Wil...thanks!
5	After the remodel, I absolutely love this location! Best Buy has really done an awesome job of showcasing their newest products, adding Samsung and Google displays and experts to assist with your purchase. It's a fun place to shop again!
1	I went the the AHWATUKEE Best Best in Phx, Az and hear is my horror story.I got a new number and cell HTC One using Sprint and first off it did not work when I left the store, I went back and waited another 30 mins for them to activated it and got home to find out they didn't turn on some features I asked for.Then the next day an update pop up and I updated it and the next time I used the phone it would echo on the other end and would cracky on my end. So I took the phone back and told them what was going on and guess what they asked me? "What do you want me it do about it?" I said fix it. I could not believe she said that to a customer, So they gave me a new one while being rude to me.So a few days later I get this update again and not even thinking that the first update on the first one was the issue I updated the software and guess what? Turns out the phone did the same thing. So I call sprit and their 1st level of tech support could not figure it out and got me a ticket for 2nd level support that I had to wait at least 48hrs, So about 5 days later or so I get a text on Sat saying to call M-F about my ticket. So Monday I call the 2nd level tech support and turns out that out of 1000's of HTC One cells only less then 100 was having the same issue as I was, to low to make a big deal of it. They said its the software update not working with the phone and to take it back to see if they can reinstall the older software or get a different phone.So back to Best Buy I go today to find out the only thing out of their mouth was its past the 15 day return there is nothing we can do. I asked for his boss and he said they same thing. I told him I have a trail of paper work shown issues about this type of phone from Sprint, but they did not care. So I am standing there with a broken phone I got from Best buy with no customer support on their end. They would not turn a wrong into a right, they would not lift one finger to help me out. I felt small and like they didn't care about me, They already got my money is what they cared about. I own a company and if I treated my customers like this I would be out of business. So I asked for the GM and he said Im him and nothing I can do. So I walk out the door!!!So I drove to Sprint and clam down some, And for the first time in over a year I got a good Sprint rep and I knew he really could not help me because I did not buy the phone from sprint but I wanted to heard all my options. They gave me an option to leave it and to get tested out and if something was wrong I would have to pay $75 for another HTC one. I did not want that phone again. So he said I should go back to Best buy and go to the Greek Squad. He also ask why I did not buy my phone from them. I told him each time I cam in I had to wait about an hour to get a very rude rep, but I told him at least they treated him better the Best Buy..,lol. But he was very nice and helpful, they are those few people in big companies that do care and he was one of them.So my wife said to go to Chandler mall's Best Buy , so I went over there very clam and went right away to the Geek Squad and explained all I been through. Then he said you know what, you proven your phone as not been working rightand asked for a manager to come over, we both explain to him what happen and he look at all the paper work I had and said I CAN HELP YOU. I was in shock!! Turns out the Phx Best Buy store could have exchanged my phone with no issues, but they are lazy. He used my 2nd exchange as the starting date that would have ended tomorrow for the 15 day return. He took me over to the cell phone people and told them to take good care of me and show me other phones.I walk out the Chandler Malls Best Buy very happy with a new S4 phone and not an crappy HTC broken one.This proves that its not what a company saids and their polices. Its about the people that work there. The Phx store has poor customer services while the Chandler store has over the top customer service. It was day and night .I will never shop at Phx Best Buy again Please go to the Chandler Mall's Best Buy, its worth it!!!!And do not buy the HTC ONE
1	I will never be back to this Best Buy and would advise everyone else to find a more customer friendly store.
2	I was walking around aimlessly for 15 minutes, hoping I could get some assistance. That was wishful thinking. The staff seems to be in their own world. The Geek Squad people are even worse. There is a line of people waiting and the only employee not doing something is texting at her register. Girl I get it.. Work is boring but can you please help me right quick?Note to Management: Arrange some customer training for your employees. I'm thinking they need a refresher course on how to deal with us. This is not a lost cause. There is definitely room for improvement.
2	Was looking for a camera, I dont know about this place, stood where they had camera's for probably 15 minutes and not one Best Buy employee came over and ask me if I needed help! And there was a couple of them standing around doing nothing, so their customer service here SUCKS! Once I did get someone to help, he was very helpful, had intended to come back here to get the camera, but Fry's had a better price for same camera so we ended up getting the camera at Frys instead. (And Fry's had much better customer service!)
2	Missing the days of good Best Buy serviceVisited this Best Buy for Christmas gifts. Store is clean and easy to navigate, with attractive display areas for Samsung, Apple, and video games. The knocks against it are the poor service and prices.Looking for two gifts on our list of extended family, the prize for a Braun razor was $30 higher than on Amazon. An electric toothbrush was about $14 more. On the side, I looked at some earbuds for my computer. Decided against it as it wasn't a need and prices were high on the other items. When we stopped in at Ross a store down the row? You guessed it: Same ear buds for $20 less! Customer service here is really odd. Walking by the computers, three people were eager to help us but two couldn't answer a quick question about video cards versus Intel on-chip video support for recent games. In the phones, a cheery lady asked if she could help. I asked her if Best Buy had any deals on iPhone 6s. She said no... AND JUST WALKED AWAY. Not one more word or a glance. Stepping up to buy a DVD on my daughter's list, there were three young guys and not one of them was at their register until I pointed at them and then the registers. You'd think a store would like to actually sell some stuff! :o)Ah, well. Best Buys will change to Amazon Showrooms soon enough...
2	Like others have mentioned, it is a little more than difficult to find employees to help you. I stopped by this location closest to me to pick up a microwave. Some of the models we wanted to see were not on display, so that was a bummer. There was no one around to ask any questions, it was like a graveyard. However, since we had done our research online, we pretty much knew what they looked like and just selected the one that we wanted based on YouTube videos. We used our reward points to get $15 off. I recommend the Chandler location more, which has its own hits and misses, but at least I've experienced more "hits" there.
