3	When I visit my sister in the Phoenix area, she always wants me to pick up Mexican food for her and this place is very authentic and way above Taco Bell or Bakers or any of those places. The food is messy, but it has the real flavors and the prices are good. They have a drive thru and you can eat inside. I think there are two of them that I know of in the area.. and I think they may be connected with Alberto's (in Cali) which we all know has great Carne Asada Burritos!
4	I've been secretly sneaking off to Filibertos for their Breakfast Burritos for about a month.  My wife and I are doing P90X again and we're in competition to see who can loose 40 lbs.  (I'm winning).  The Breakfast Burritos are amazing, by far the best that I've ever had and I recommend them to anyone.  This specific location is CLEAN!, Fast and always really nice.  I'm sure that their burritos are really bad if your on a diet but hey, you only live once.  Give-em-a-try.
5	Yes, yes, I am giving a restaurant with a drive through five stars!Filibertos, my guilty pleasure.. I'm a slave to the carne asada fries!! They always have such big portions and yummy helpings of sour cream, avocados, cheese and salsa!I will not eat breakfast or dinner just to pig out on this glorious place for lunch! Almost everything on the menu is guaranteed to be good.. let me re-phrase that to "so darn good you will toss and turn in your sleep from guilt!". I would also highly recommend their rolled taquitos, yummy! Warning: This place is very dangerous because of the fact that it has a drive through and is very easy access food. Thoughts of Filibertos throughout the day and the temptation of the drive through will haunt you!! lol :)5 stars!! :D
1	Their breakfast burrito came with raw bacon and sour cream that tasted like it expired along time ago.
2	After reading the reviews on yelp and hearing about the famous Filibertos from other people I thought that this was going to be a memorable Mexican food expedition. I was pretty disappointed and so was my husband. His taco shell was over-cooked and you could tell it was dark. I on the other hand ordered a chicken tostada. The chicken was not even chopped I got chunks or chicken and they were big chunks too! To top it off they ran out of tostada bowls so they put a taco shell on the bottom of the plate crushed. *sigh* we ended up eating it because we didnt want our money to go to waste but we left unhappy and not fully "food satisfied"
4	This location of Filibertos is much better and cleaner than the one in Sierra Vista.  The employees are nice fast.  The food is slightly above average and tastes pretty authentic.  It's a good place to go for takeout, and unlike the Sierra Vista location is nice enough for dine-in.  The food is not worth jumping up and down over, but it is good.  One exception, stay away from the menudo.  It was too greasy and tasted like it hadn't been cooked long enough.
1	I love TACO TUESDAYS....but I will be eating my tacos from a different place. I went there last night ordered 4 tacos and chip n salsa. I have been to this location before and have had no problems...but when I opened the container of chips n salsa I discovered they had put the SALSA on top of the CHIPS!! WHY??? Now they are SOGGY chips. I have ordered chips n salsa from other places they have never done this so I would have never thought to ask them to not do it.The tacos were lacking chicken on both ends of the shell. So the first bite and last bite are shell only....well at least something was CRUNCHY!!I called them when I got home and because it was late there was no manager and the two ladies I spoke to were UNABLE to understand me. I don't speak Spanish!!
3	I have been going to Filiberto's for twenty years, and love the food, but this location seems a bit sub-par. I opened the door and was enveloped by a fog of dope smoke. I sat down and started in on my burrito, which I discovered was not bad, but not Filiberto's good. Strangely, the longer I was there the better the burrito tasted.
2	I went to this location and got the two chicken taco meal. I was very disappointed to find that the taco shells where the pre-made kind. The food over all was decent, but all I could think was that I was paying for over priced Taco Bell. I don't think I will being going back here. I'll just stick with my knock-offs for now on. They have yet to disappoint.
4	Top faves: Carne Asada burrito/fries, & Rolled tacos. Guilty pleasure, After hours grub!
1	Its not a big deal, its just fifty cents to check in.. but when we showed her my phone. She said we had to print it out. Whattt? Really? Smh. Anyways. Then I ask for extra hot sauce and lemon. She points at the bag and said " in there". Literally fighting me. It was just bad. Anddddd she forgot napkins.Edit*Came home and my enchiladas was cold. The cheese wasn't even melted.  :( ugh. im so mad.
1	I have gone to this place for a long time, always good.  Today everything was dry.  Green Chilli burrito had meat, no sauce in it at all.  My wife's steak quesadilla was bad, per her review.  I had tried Tacos on a Taco day in the past.  We got just meat with no lettuce or cheese.  I am not sure I will try one more time.  The food used to be great, lately it has been very bad.
2	I normally go here because it's so close to my house,  but tonight, the service was terrible. Went through the drive thru around 1:30 am and sat there for about five minutes.....no answer. So I pull up to the pay window to get anyone's attention....aaaaaand nothing. I pull around the front and see the workers standing behind the counter through the front window. How can you not hear or see anyone?! So I finally manage to get the kid's attention...and let me tell you, this kid did not look fully there....if you know what I mean. Yeah, im sure you catch my drift. Absolutely love filibertos but sadly, I won't be back to this location for a while.
1	I ate here a couple times cause its close to homr but I rather drive farther for better service. Drive thru take a long time and for what u get lousy food. This place is not what it use to be. I rather go to the ine on 67 and Thomas or mr leno any other filibertos just nit this one
1	Six years ago Filibertos were springing up everywhere. They were monopolizing the fast food mexican trade and putting all the polibertos, rolibertos, and Humberto's out of business, or at least that was the game plan. Today I am back in AZ and am saddened to see how much of a big player filibertos has become. With their streamlined business model, professionally designed identity and logo, and their official website, they have turned a personal relationship between taqueria and taco eaters into a perverted faceless business venture. Give me back my taco truck on the side of the road, not this futuristic look into the big taco machine. All conspiracy aside, the experience true taco lovers were accustomed to is all but dead, the flavors have become bland and the exchange is no different than driving Through a jack in the box or del taco. Socorro and Conchita are no longer hanging out the drive through window yelling at you in Spanish, the cook isn't also the owners cousin and landscaper on the weekends. But worst of all the Horchata is watered down. There are a few things I can look the other way for, but watered down Horchata is just not one of them. People, just because a restaurant looks new and clean and their drive through speakers work doesn't mean they are up to par. What are you willing to sacrifice for a uniform big box feel and convenience? You aren't getting lower prices, you are only getting lowered standards when it comes to taste. I don't need my drive through lady to speak perfect English and I don't need for the cook to wear a shirt when he's frying the meat, what I do need is true authentic flavor, nothing can ever come before that.
1	We live right down the street, and always go to this location. I mean it's convenient......BUTThis location is horrible. The drive thru is sloooowwwwww.!!!They never get our order correct. Ever. The ladies are decently nice, but still have attitude. The meat is always dry and overcooked. We will be driving a little farther to a different location. Hopefully that one isn't as bad. This one needs to shape up a little more. But I guess it IS fast food.
1	Yet again, you let me down with your terrible customer service, filibertos. Waited in the drive thru for 10 minutes before I had to drive up to the window to have my order taken.  Aaaand I got beans when I said PLEASE, no beans :/
4	I have been eating at the berto's places for as long as they've been around. This location is one of the better stores! Today I had the best thing I've ever had at any Berto's ever. They have a New Mexico Burro at this location, which is a red or green chili burro, with queso sauce on top. I had the green chili, and it was fantastic!!! I will be back this week to try the red chili version, since the other was so good. I hope this is something the other stores pick up on. The only reason they don't get 5 stars is due to the plastic silverware they use. It's the real cheap soft plastic crap, and almost impossible to use.
2	Pretty sure I just saw the lady who taking the drive thru order licked her fingers and got pickled veggies for a customer with her bare hands....Burritos are good, carne asada fries suck.. It's crinkle fries not regular ones...
1	Worst customer service. I could swear that the employee that took our order through the drive thru had just woken up to take our order on a Sunday at 9:30 am. We pulled up to the window, waited three minutes at the window without being greeted or acknowledged so we just drove off and tried  Tamales Guadalajara for the first time (it was so yummy!) Definitely won't be coming to this location again.
