5	Ish Salon in Ahwatukee is top notch! It's not very often you find an upscale salon that is still down to earth.  I was intimidated when I walked in but it didn't take long for the front desk person to ask me if I needed anything. Very nice people here! But before I go on I would be remiss not to mention Frank! What a great guy! I received an awesome haircut at an affordable price.  Not only is he talented but he is available.  He will work extra hours to make sure his clients are taken care of.  Call him!   Oh and yes... the owner's son was the crazy guy on MTV's hit show "Real World" last season:)
5	Ish Salon is a wonderful place to have your hair styled or if you need a new "do". I recently had a bad color on my hair, I went back to Andrew at Ish because he has ALWAYS performed his magic with my hair and has it looking fantastic. Well he did it again. I promise not to go to anyone else when it comes to my hair. Ish is the best and they even helped me with my new IPhone. They are the BEST!
5	I have known dave awhile and he is superb. He is a visionary on how to cut your hair. He listens and is great! This salon gets 5 stars.
5	One word: Andrew. He is AMAZING. Did a top notch, stellar haircut for me in 1.5 hours. My daughter sat on my lap (she is 7 months) and we had a great time chatting with Andrew and the other hair stylists! My do is fabulous. He did exactly what I asked him per the picture I brought in. I will be back!
5	I moved to Phoenix a little over a year ago.  Since arriving, I've had a number of hair "tragedies" in terms of cut and color.  A friend of mine recommended that I see Andrew at Ish Salon.  Andrew cut and color-corrected my over-stressed hair a week ago.  While at first I felt the color was a bit "ashy" (as part of the correction) it has turned out beautifully.  The color is even and pretty and my hair feels like hair again.  He also called me yesterday to make sure everything was OK! What I really appreciate, though, is that he really listened to what I was wanting and gave me honest advice as to what he could - or couldn't do.  In any case, I'm a believer.  Everyone at the salon was courteous and it had a great "vibe."  I would highly recommend this salon and especially Andrew.  He is very talented.
5	I went to Ish salon to see Ryan for the first time about six months ago, when I walked in I noticed it was very clean, fun and had a very welcoming atmosphere. When I sat down I explained to Ryan how I have been having trouble finding a stylist that can meet my high expectations for both cut and color. After a brief consultation, Ryan then told me that he knew exactly what he was going to do and assured me that I was going to love it. Well, he was right!! Not only did he do an outstanding job with my color (that no one else could seem to master) he complimented it with an impeccable precision haircut (all for what I would consider a very fair price!) I left the salon feeling confident and couldn't wait for my next appointment. Ryan was very confident, genuine and comforting, explaining his history as a "4th generation Hair Stylist",  he understood how nerve wracking it could be going to a new stylist for the 1st time. Ryan made it an overall wonderful experience. He dresses "hip" and and has a very colorful personality. I then sent my husband to him that very same week who gets a very technical fade and was tired of going to these cheep cost-cutters/sports clips places and having to walk around embarrassed for the next 3-4 weeks. Ryan did it again, he nailed it! My husband has never been so happy, explaining to me how well Ryan was able to fade his hair and flawlessly blend it into the top! Is there anything he can't do!? my husband is now a regular and so am I! 5 stars for Ish Salon and especially this very talented young man!
4	I went to Ish yesterday on a whim. I read reviews on here and every one was pretty positive. My hair was damaged from the last hairdresser I went to and I've been desperate to find someone, anyone that could help me fix it. I called and they got me in immediately. I'd have given 5 stars but my stylist was late. However, he was just awesome! We clicked right away. He spent a few minutes listening to my issues, evaluating my hair, asking what I wanted, explained the steps we need to take. When I left I was smiling, I enjoyed the time I was there and loved my cut and color. See you in 4 weeks Ryan!
5	I love this place and the vibe. If you get a chance, book an appointment with Becky! I use to go to places where they'd over cut my hair in all of 5 minutes. Those days are over! Becky is incredibly friendly, talented, and amazing at what she does. Leave it to her to make you feel brand new whether it's cut, color, and/or style! I'm always leaving the place feeling beautiful!
