2	Here's the lowdown:They're like every other shop that makes you take it in the Chili Ring. They only did the bare minimum amount of work possible to align my vehicle. I know a lot about alignment, I would have done it myself if I had access to the equipment. They only adjusted the Toe-in, and reported back that the bolt which actuates the upper control arm eccentric was frozen so they couldn't make the adjustment to the caster angle. I then informed Jr. Pinhead that I have a Benzo-matic torch and can heat the bolt to loosen it, which he replied that his tech had use a torch on all the bolts. Funny thing is in the report from the equipment, all the angles were within spec that would have required heat to loosen the adjustment hardware, with the exception of the 'frozen' one.I used to work at a Firestone and I thought that lazy shit was just at my location. I was expecting this type of work from a local shop with a couple of random dopers.... not Firestone
4	We've taken our cars here several times and have never received anything but quality service. Each time I've genuinely felt as if they've provided us the best possible service and genuinely care about our satisfaction as customers.The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was because recently I went in for an alignment and they pointed out a repair that I needed and that they wouldn't be able to check the alignment until I got this repair. So, I went ahead and let them order the part, they fixed it perfectly, tested the alignment, found out the alignment was off and then told me because I drive a Cadillac, they don't have the proper tool to perform the alignment there and that I should take it to a Cadillac or GM dealership. That would've been nice to know before I authorized the repair, it is kind of inconvenient to take it to 2 different places. Not a huge deal though.
2	I went in for an oil change and an inspection. i receive close to a thousand dollars in "recommendations." The next day, I decided to get the breaks serviced as they told me it was the most pressing issue with my car. After fixing my breaks they refused to put my tire on because they decided it was not road worthy, but for an additional 200 bucks they would fix it for me. Perhaps I would have been more understanding if :1) This had been in the original inspection (it wasn't) 2) I hadn't had the tire looked at on several other occasions including them (twice! Once several months ago and once during inspection) 3) They hadn't decided for me what is and is not acceptable - (ask first then together we make choice).4)They asked me to sign a new inspection ticket as if they had brought up wheels initially, smeared with capital letters and exclamations as if that would help send it back into the past. I found it so antagonizing that I decided to share the experience here.It was shady business. it made me feel like they were trapping me into spending money that I did not have. There was a better way to express their concerns, if they were legitimate. In the end, I had someone else call on my behalf because I was so confused.They get two stars because the person who called to inform me of the debacle tried to sound understanding and because my breaks seem to be in working order. With all this stress perhaps I should have gone to the dealer. Turns out they would have charged me less for my breaks.  (that almost never happens)  Just be careful and shop around.
3	Overall I think Firestone is a rip off but I go there because of the credit card. I prefer the East side location to the west. Bill S. Is very helpful at East.
1	I brought my car in for an oil change and told them I had noticed that the front tires vibrated or shook at high speeds.  Left the car for them to check things out.  The called me to tell me I needed new tires, that there was uneven wear.  I told them to put them on and do a front end allignment.  When  I went to pick up the car, they told me it needed ball joints and tie rods, so they did not do the allignment (said it would have been a waste of money with the bad ball joints and tie rods).  When they discovered the problem with the tie rods and ball joints, they should have called me back.  Took it some place else to get a second opinion.  I was told Firestone should have never put new tires on the car when ball joints and tie rods were needed.  I will never go back to this Firestone.
4	I'm a happy firestone customer.  After being ripped off by a small family owned auto repair shop in Madison, I was pretty leary of taking my car any where in this city.  They've never pressured me to make repairs when I take my car in for an oil change or other minor services.  They have made me aware of things that will need repair or recommended services, but there's no pressure to fix it immediately.  I appreciate the heads up and I'm happy they respect my decision of not making repairs unless it's a safety issue.
4	The only work I've had done here was an oil change, but the experience was basically what I wanted it to be.  Reasonably priced, friendly salespeople, no BS or pressure to get unnecessary extra repairs.  I was satisfied with the experience.
