5	Best Thai in Las Vegas!4.99 lunch specials from 10:30-3:00Soup of the day, egg roll, salad, steamed or fried rice with choice of meat!Awesomeness Food 1. Green Curry Chicken2. Tom Yum3. Pad Thai
5	As we entered the staff( micky) was very friendly. Restaurant is very clean in appearance. Very spacious.food was well seasoned,nice presentation and large portions. I was very happy with my experience here.
5	I really enjoyed Kunchorn. This isn't fine dining, so don't expect that.  But if you are looking for good food, good prices, and friendly people, give Kunchorn a try.The restaurant is large and clean.  Apparently the Las Vegas Mah Jong club meets there and has a permanent set up on one side of the restaurant.  When you eat in they include unlimited soup and salad.  So far I have seen egg drop soup and a tom yum soup there.  The salad is just iceberg lettuce, julienned carrots, red onions and a dressing, but it is still nice.  Their lunch specials start at $4.99!  We had the panang chicken (really good!), pad spicy eggplant (perfectly cooked and seasoned), and the fried calamari (tasty though a little too heavy on the batter).Definitely will be trying more of their dishes.
4	Inexpensive, delicious food in a "Mom's kitchen" type of atmosphere. The owners pay close attention to you, and they make sure that you get PLENTY to eat. The curry is plenty spicy (which I like), and has an excellent flavor. We'll be going back, soon!
3	My friend and I went to this restaurant on a Monday night. They did not accept the restaurant.com gift certificate because , according to the waitress, they cancelled the certificate a year ago but the website didn't take it down. Anyway, we ordered pineapple fried rice, mango sticky rice, and pineapple curry with pork. The food was OK but the restaurant decoration is very simple and unexciting.
5	Staff is amazing...so is the mango sweet rice! Best Thai in Vegas!
5	I really hope people start coming to this Vegas gem. New owners opened place 8 months ago. Great food cooked by family. The place is comfortable in its own respect. It has a 90s feel to it with its ten years past magazines and star wars vhs playing ez on the tele. Fresh fruit served to complete meal. Did I say food was really good...it really is.
