5	Do you over train? Need to lengthen and stretch your muscles? Want a relaxing yoga session instead of that competitive power yoga class? Moga is the answer.Yoga. Mobility. Performance. Moga describes itself online as "striving to provide high quality bodywork through deep stretch yoga that will enhance long term performance and improve quality of life." I tried my first class today after a very tough crossfit workout and think it is definitely going to need to be a regular occurrence.  Owned and run by two athletic ladies, Emily and Beth, Moga is an oasis in the Southend area for both deep stretch yoga and Thai yoga massage. Offering multiple classes a day Monday-Saturday, the instructors provide assisted instruction and modifications for every movement depending on each individual's needs.You can purchase yearly or monthly unlimited passes or 5, 10 or 20 class passes. New students should definitely take advantage of their 5 classes for $15 deal, which expires after two weeks. They also offer $5 classes on Tuesday and Thursday mornings at 6 a.m. if you want to start your mornings off right. The studio provides blocks, blankets, and straps, and has a limited number of mats for rent if you do not own your own. But I think you'll enjoy the class so much that if you don't own a mat when you go in, you'll be investing in one very soon!And in terms of Thai Yoga Massage, I've had one with Emily in the past and am looking forward to purchasing a series soon. With the intense workouts I put my body through every week, I try to get at least one massage a month. And Thai Yoga Massage was the best for stretching me out without making me completely sore for three days following the session. I highly recommend it.The space is beautiful and relaxing, but may be a little hard to find for the newbie. A couple of tips: pull into the Atherton Loft parking lot on the left of Icehouse and follow the driveway that is between Icehouse and the 2108 building.  There is a large parking lot in the back and you'll see the MOGA sign tucked back into the corner of the 2108 building. Please stop in and support this new small business. Everyone needs to stretch, relax, and realign themselves in today's high stress world. Let Beth and Emily help you do so safely.
5	For those who think yoga has to be super hot and full of fluid movement, get yourself over to Moga! This type of instruction is akin to making a perfect risotto...low and slow. And I mean that in the best possible way. I also like risotto. Just sayin'. The owners Emily and Beth are great athletes - CrossFit aficionados and runners extraordinaire. Thus, when you head into this gorgeous, light filled studio at Atherton Lofts, expect a class full of refreshing movements. The class I dropped in for was the "Refresh and Renew." This is not bust-your-ass yoga, this is stretch your super sore limbs and try to relax yoga. It's improve your mobility yoga. It's also worth noting that the instructors will focus on one anatomical body area each month - this month it's hips. These hips were grateful...and these hips don't lie, yo. The instruction is straightforward and lighthearted and very few (if any) Sanskrit terms are used...and, frankly, that's refreshing on its own. Adjustments via the instructors were on the light side, both in number and pressure, but I imagine this will develop as the student attends more classes. And as for accessories and materials to help you into the poses, Moga has access to a plethora of mats, blocks, straps, and blankets! New students can take advantage of a sweet class deal, so hop to it and get your Moga on. You too can feel stretchy like and limber after just a class or two!
5	I have never been a huge yoga fan but Moga has definitely changed my mind. From the second I walked in, I felt very at ease and had a smile on my face from the quaint DIY but modern decor to everyone else's eager faces, I normally hate the holding of awkward poses with my arms out and my terribly timed breathing but the deep stretch class was really amazing. Throughout the class and after walking out, my body felt so much better and relaxed. I also really enjoyed the use of the foam blocks and ropes to help really take the poses and stretching to another level. Also, the complimentary shot of coconut milk at the end was a wonderful personal touch to make a great environment even more relaxing and welcoming. Breeze and Beth have really done a fantastic job. Anyone who is skeptical about yoga classes should really try this because the will change your perception. I highly look forward to returning!!
5	I'm not going to lie:  I haven't been around the yoga block many times.  But when something works, why mess with it?I have been going to Moga for about a year now and my results have been nothing short of phenomenal.  In my head, I'd like to believe that I'm some super athlete that requires yoga to perform at peak levels.  More realistically, I'm an average Joe that works out a couple times a week & runs a couple times a week.  Moga is a welcome break from your every day workout "blahs".  I also believe it works as an adjunct to my physical fitness, allowing me to perform better and recuperate faster.  I truly look forward to every session with them.The studio is situated in a cute little corner of SouthEnd (Atherton Mills).  There is plenty of natural light brought in by the huge windows on the second story.  You're always greeted with a warm, kind smile by whoever is working that session.  They check you in and usher you upstairs.There is plenty of room and equipment (foam blocks, blankets, stretch straps, extra yoga mats).  I assume they do this intentionally but the class size is never too big.  I always feel like the instructor has time during the class to better position me in certain poses.  The atmosphere is always relaxed, soft, & welcoming.  They have plenty of class times, so getting in never seems to be an issue.The sessions vary in time (I usual go to the 60 min class).  Fun, contemporary music is played.  Things are kept light and people have fun.  The voices are calming.  Everybody is smiling.  When class is over you're given a shot of coconut water, which is a really nice touch.Finally, I have to comment on the staff/ownership.  Beth & Emily (Breeze) do a amazing job.  They are highly organized.  They are welcoming, never intimidating.  Their company's tremendous growth over the past year is a testament to their business plan and their "moral compass" as teachers.  Their staff is top notch.  Their facilities are great.  Their customer service is second to none.If you're nervous or intimidated by trying yoga, STOP.  Pick up the phone or visit the Moga website.  You won't be disappointed.
5	About a year ago I started checking out yoga studios in Charlotte because I heard that yoga would be a good addition to my half marathon training schedule.  Some studios were too crowded, some too competitive, some so hot I felt dizzy and strangers' sweat was dripping on me (ick!!!), some too religious... I was about to give up on yoga when I came across Moga this spring.  I love so many things about this studio... here is a short list:1.  The space is beautiful.  I love the hardwood floors, shabby chic decorations, and the way they crack open the 2nd story windows when the weather is nice.2.  The instructors are friendly and talk to everyone in the class, not just a small clique of hard core yoga fans.3.  The classes are small (anywhere from 3-12 people?) so everyone gets lots of individual attention.4.  The classes are relaxing but not religious.  There is no chanting or special message... we just go in and stretch... it's good for the body and mind, but doesn't feel like a strange cult.5.  The instructors want each person to have the best class possible.  They never push you to do something if it hurts or doesn't feel right for your body.  They always tell you about different modifications, or how blocks and a strap might help you achieve the same stretch in a different way.Whenever I finish a run, my first thought is "when do I get to go to Moga for a good stretch?"  I love this place and am looking forward to a class there this afternoon.
4	Their 6am deep stretch classes leave me in state of bliss. And for $5. Its the type of class where the yoga teacher gets in so deep you feel like you should leave a tip at the end. Its that good.Drive around the back of Atherton Mills to find Moga - there is a small sign but keep your eyes peeled. Their schedule is not as robust as some other studios and includes several $5 classes and Cross Fit.Nothing beats the coconut water shots after classes and watching the sun rise over Southend.Note* This is not a hot yoga studio - so great for beginners and more advanced yogis.
