5	AMAZING PLACE!I wish I was a millionaire so we could shop here! It's chock full of amazing memorabilia from the music, film & TV world, all framed up and ready to display. They also have a very small selection of themed merchandise: Barbie, Elvis, Beatles, etc.In Vegas, there are locations in The Mirage (this one), the Monte Carlo, Mandalay Bay and Planet Hollywood.Elsewhere, there are locations in Beijing, Hong Kong and Macao. The guy in the store while were were visiting, Ski Masshaum, was awesome. Extremely knowledgeable and obviously passionate about their work, he showed us some other things on his computer not on display at the shop itself. Very generous with his time and very friendly!Most art is photos and poster or album art, but versions you've never seen. They also display a few paintings/drawings by incredible artists, including The Rolling Stones' Ronnie Wood. Worth a visit without purchasing anything - like a pop culture art gallery! Budget to spend at least 20 minutes checking it out!
5	What a wonderful place.  I have purchased several pieces from them.  Not only is the "art" unique, the customer service has been excellent.  John, who used to work there, and George, with whom I interact now, are both pros who have given me great, fair deals.  I have even purchased pieces at other locations and had these peices sent to Vegas (from Michigan) for "framing."   For me, it is the presentation of items that really set this place apart from the rest.  Creativity, professionalism, high-quality .... you get all that at the Art of Music!
4	We stopped in here and loved browsing all the autographed memorabilia. It wasn't just music-oriented, but had picture collages from TV shows (NCIS) and movies (Animal House) as well.  All out of (above) our budget, but fun to view. Unfortunately, no photographs are allowed inside  the gallery (they lose one star for that), but definitely a fun stop while we were there. We very much enjoyed walking around and checking out the awesome items.They also had a former Chicago Bears player signing autographs, but we didn't take advantage of that since it also had a price tag.
3	This is a cool place for a collector of music, sports, movie, and tv memorabilia.  They have nicely framed records, guitars, and photos autographed from the stars.  It's really cool to see all the items they have for display and purchase.  This location is at the Mirage and they also have them in other casinos on the strip.We chatted with Jerry, a very friendly sales associate.  He told us there was a framed Paul Stanley guitar in the Rio location for a good price.  Good for KISS fans as they also ship items.There was a 50% off sale, which I have a feeling is an everyday deal.  Even with this discount, some of the items are pricey.  For those knowledgeable about guitars, they will notice the Squier name which is the affordable version.  Also, I noticed some of the album covers were worn and not in great condition.  But if there's a certain autographed and framed item you are looking for, you might be able to find it here or in one of their other stores around the Strip.
