1	There is nothing New York about this place other than the tacky decor. The food was mediocre at best though we didn't try the pizza. Service was less than stellar. With only 4 tables filled, it took over a half hour to get our food which consisted of a salad, spaghetti w meatballs and a cheese steak.  And once it did arrive it looked like it had sat a bit. It's also over priced, especially for kids. $4.95 for just spaghetti w sauce then extra $.50 for each meatball. You get way better quality food, for less $$ at Humble Pie. It's worth driving the extra distance. At least you know the food is good!
1	We don't have many options in Anthem... So   Us being pizza lovers we get delivery here a lot. They always forget our dressings for salad or ranch for the wings. When I spoke to the delivery boy about this he really could not give two shats and made that very obvious. Going into the restaurant is not much more pleasant. Kids are running it and it's filthy! They are standing around talking and we had to ask for dinner bread, they didn't offer because they were to busy doing nothing. Food takes forever and it's just ok... They need adults who give a crap to run this place, not high school children who don't care.
1	The waitress we had snubbed us for not ordering enough food and acted rude towards us. This place has poor servers with overpriced food.
2	I have ordered pizza from here a couple of times to be delivered. The last pizza I got I ordered the thin and crispy crust. The only thing they got right was the thin. You could not even hold a piece of pizza in your hand because it was so floppy. I will not be ordering from there again. I should have picked up a pizza from Papa Murphy's and baked it myself. It would've tasted better and been a lot cheaper!
4	Walk into this very special Streets restaurant and immediately feel that warm, friendly ambiance. Owner, Robert, takes a personal interest in all the guests, from families with kids, to Rotary members, to local sports team sponsorships.If you visit while Robert is there, he will very likely give your kids a complimentary chocolate chip cookie desert. The cookie is warmed up, chips melting in your mouth, paired with vanilla ice cream--this desert is unforgettable!But back to the Italian food. Robert uses the highest quality cheeses which makes all the difference to what would otherwise be ordinary Italian fare. Being a gluten-free person, I especially like the eggplant rollatini, and the Greek salad is a great compliment.The restaurant is well decorated, kept clean, and the staff goes the extra mile to make sure you are having a good experience. This is no ordinary franchise--your tastebuds will draw you back for a great meal at a reasonable price, with a warm, relaxed environment, tended to by an owner who really cares.
