5	There has never, in the history of food carts, been a cart with more fresh ingredients, more food for your money, and more flavor.  Everything on the menu, including the homemade peanut butter cups, is vegan.  Before you stop reading, however, it should be known that I have never given vegan food a chance before this cart because I didn't think it could be this flavorful, this savory, and this phenomenal.  If you want to discover how certain ingredients can taste better than you've ever dreamed (chickpeas? I thought they were boring until Dandelion....), definitely stop by this bright green food cart.  All meals are under $7 and well worth it.  It's definitely time to get away from all the burrito carts around the Capital Loop and try something that won't leave you feeling too sick to work after lunch.  Open about 11am-1:30pm Monday-Friday, but sometimes the owner has a hard time keeping exactly with this schedule as he cooks full-time at a Willy St. restaurant and supports a family.
4	And so I finally bagged the elusive white whale of the vegetarian world in Madison. I had attempted to eat at Dandelion Food Cart on at least five or six separate occasions over the last year or two, but I was always either too late, or had come on a day that it's not open (it's only open Tuesday-Thursday, 11:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m.).The owner graciously prepared a potato-tofu wrap for me (vegan, of course, by my specification), even though he'd technically already closed for the day (as usual, I was barely late). He also gave me a peanut butter chocolate cup on the house.The wrap ($6.25) was excellent: super-fresh, filling and flavorful. It was full of tofu, spinach (or was it kale?), a creamy dressing, potatoes, black eyed beans and other vegetables. It also came with a side of tortilla chips. The wrap/burrito was spicy without being overpowering, and felt like comfort food. I can't wait to try another dish from Dandelion.The chocolate peanut butter cup was also amazing. It had a rich chocolate flavor and the peanut butter inside was some of the creamiest I've ever tasted.My only gripe is that this being a food cart, you're forced to eat outside (unless you have an office or apartment to go to, which I don't, as I'm always just passing through Madison). There's no shortage of benches and open space where you can sit and eat in downtown Madison, but be prepared to be bothered by a constant stream of buses and more than a few panhandlers.
5	Normally I'm a passive yelp consumer but today I had to log in and write a review for this food cart.  I got a tofu wrap today and it is one of the most delicious things I've eaten in awhile.  It has kale, beans, onions, tomatoes, rice, creamy artichoke spread, tofu, and some other yummy spices that I can't identify but am enjoying. This is not feel bad for yourself because you're not eating meat for lunch vegetarian food.  This is comfort food at its best, but also healthy and as big as your head.  Side note: the cart has moved to library mall.  Go seek it out and don't get side tracked by the other food carts. Put on your blinders and head straight for this place, you won't regret it.
5	LOVE!  I got the vegan Reuben and it was delicious.  Freshly made right in front of me (therefore not the quickest cart, but not slow either).  It was overflowing with perfectly seasoned mushrooms and (I believe) jackfruit, thousand island dressing and sauerkraut.  I wish they had slightly better transport (everything is packed into a small open-air fry basket), as I take my items that I get at library mall for a slight walk before sitting down to eat, but that's okay. The sandwiches all come with vinegar coleslaw and tortilla chips. I also got a vegan peanut butter cup that was quite yummy.  Overall, highly recommended.  The food was fresh and delicious.
