4	I went in to the Stockroom after a trip to Write-ons to see if they happened to have a certain size/color envelope that Write-ons didn't have.  Though they didn't have the item, they tried to help!  If I would haev gone in there before I sized/printed the project I was working on, I would have pruchased the cutest 6x9 colored envelopes!  The lady was very helpful- very helpful.  They store had some quirky fun office supplies along with basics you'd find at the larger stores.  If you're in the area, check them out.  Support local business while we still have them!
4	This is an interesting place to do some shopping at.  I never know quite what I am going to find there so usually I buy a few things that I don't plan on.  This time I picked up some rather expensive pens at quite a nice markdown.  They have a more complete inventory I would expect to find in an small office/stationary store.  I think the prices are well with in reason depending on what you need  You can spend money if you want to.  The services they offer are more extensive than I would expect to find in a store that doesn't come close to the size of a Staples.  It took me only two trips to get satisfactory business cards ready to be printed.  Not bad when you consider I went in with really no idea of what it would to take to get what I wanted.  The personal touch of their employees makes a difference.  There's a nice little gift shop next door that can help you save you a trip if you are looking for some things the Stockroom doesn't have.
5	I found the Stockroom today because I was trying to support National Small Business Saturday and what a delightful find it was! Whereas it is definitely not as big as a Staples, I was really surprised by the wide variety of supplies they did have - they definitely cover all the basics. But more importantly for me is that the entire staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Even though this was my first time in the shop, they made me feel like a regular. I got everything I came in for and even better than that, I was able to support a family-owned and local business. I highly recommend you stop by the next time you are in need of office supplies and/or shipping.
3	Nice to be able to shop local for office supplies and know that the prices are comparable to the big boys. In stock selections are a little on the limited side, but they can order items quickly enough. For example, I needed flip charts. They ordered them for me and I was able to pick them up the next day. Staff is friendly, parking is easy.
5	Having been dealing with the stockroom for some years now, I'm upping them to a five stars now.  Recently I ordered some things and remembered something I haven't said in my past review.  If these people say they will call you concerning an order, they do, and promptly!  As much driving as I do,  their doing so has really saved me time when I organize what I am going to do during a day.  Funny thing is they are close to where I live which, of course, always makes them hardest to get to, LOL.
5	The Stockroom., In. is a very cool, classical office supply/stationary store.  What a delightful find., in the world of big box office supply stores.  Less, and Cynthia have created a great space to source business supplies.  They are friendly, helpful and a real value add. I feel like I have discovered a real "find."
