5	Union Hills Ace Hardware is really great.. the staff is knowledgeable and if by chance they dont have an item they will help you by calling another Ace and checking for you.
4	I have been coming to Union Hills Ace Hardware for years.  There's just something about  shopping in a neighborhood hardware store. Anytime I have a project, I just go in and tell the guys behind the counter and they seem to always now how to fix it and have exactly what I need.They provide personal, knowledgable help, If you are need of help or something unusual, or difficult come in and ask them.  They either have the part or they can point you in the right direction on where to go fix it!I have always been greeted immediately and shown where to get my products. They have everything, and they're very knowledgeable about what products would be best.   It's run like a hardware store should be run.And it's not just the selection, it's the customer service that won me over someone asks if they can help you with anything. They always take the time to actually walk me through the store to find what I'm looking for, and talk me through the different options. The best part is if you don't need help, they're nice and they leave you alone.PRICE: Decently priced. You will not find these prices for the quality anywhere. SERVICE: The staff is super friendly and helpful. On each visit, we were met with THE most competent, friendly, intelligent, efficient and awesome service EVER. They take pride in their work.  SELECTION: The aisles are wide, the shelves are not overcrowded, and the store is impressively clean and maintained. They CONCLUSION: A bit more pricier than the big-box stores but they will actually have what you need and help you find it. l will continue coming here for all of my hardware needs just based on the friendly staff and their willingness to help.
5	Great hardware store has everything you could need on a small store. Very friendly staff. They have a good selection of cute patio and gift items and a dollar bin with many useful items. Highly recommend !
5	I have a soft spot for Ace because they are not these huge warehouse tool stores. Conveniently located, great layout and friendly service. I get personal service without having to search for employees. Great deals here and just the wonderful small business feel to it.
