4	Interesting place because the coffee shop really is there to support knitters! My wife wanted to stop there to see why a couple of her friends raved about the place. Since I am knot into knitting (and probably might stab myself) I will not rate their raison d'etre. I had a mocha cappuccino. Very good & rich. Reasonably priced. My wife had an Italian soda. Supposedly they carry what is considered to be a very good brand of coffee. My wife had an almond scone. I tasted it. Better than most I have tasted. I had a tuna on warm baguette. I thought it very good. It comes with some nice greens and a delicate dressing. Also very good. About $7.00 if I remember correctly. I number of women were there, knitting away, having fun. A warm and cozy shop. Friendly staff. All this made for a relaxing lunch. As you can tell from the name, porcine figurines and items are a focus.
4	This is one of my favorite cafes in the Madison area to come and spend a leisurely day. The store offers up the usual menu of coffee drinks, plus salads, bakery, a few sandwiches, and an extensive selection of quiches from LMNO'Pies--not to mention a store full of kitting supplies. Come any time of day and you will be sure to find someone knitting while sipping their coffee, or maybe a large group of women babbling about their latest kitting projects. (If you're a knitter be sure to check out the occasional class offerings and group meetings.) All in all The Sow's Ear offers a very down-home, comfy feel.The coffee drinks are well-prepared and the drip coffee is from Ancora (Madison-based roaster). The mocha smoothie is well worth three dollars if you're looking for a sweet treat. And the quiches are always excellent. Be prepared to wait more than a few minutes if you order food, especially if you come at a busy time. But always worth the wait, and the prices are hard to beat. The staff is always friendly and helpful.Free wireless is available and there is plenty of sitting space to relax with a book, knit, sip or eavesdrop. Or all of the above!
4	Sow's Ear is a fun place to come for knitting supplies.  Their hours are a bit inconvenient for me, since they close at like 6pm for a coffee shop.  It's because they regularly run knitting classes in the evenings.  Occasionally they have their late night knitting on Fridays where they're open until 11pm, and usually that's when I manage to make it out to Verona from Madison.  The place is quite charming.  There are plenty of little niches throughout the place to hide away and knit for a while.  The walls and shelves of yarn and other knitting supplies are inspirational in their colors and fiber.  There are also patterns for sale.  The staff is knowledgeable about the many different kinds of yarn as well.  This is a great place for a knitter in Madison to check out.
5	Sow's Ear is a great place to come and knit in a relaxing, friendly environment.  Their hours are extensive - 6:30 am to 8:30 pm weekdays unless it is Late Night which is the first and third Friday of the month when closing time is 11:00 pm.  Weekend hours are 7:00 am to 5:00 pm.  The food and beverages are quite tasty and available until closing time.  I am glad this wonderful oasis was recommended when I wanted to learn to knit.
5	What could be better than a combination yarn store and coffee shop? It seems the Sow's Ear keeps getting bigger and better every time I stop in. The yarn selection is excellent and the staff is absolutely wonderful. Some yarn shops feel intimidating when you walk in the door... even a bit pretentious. But the Sow's Ear is like a second home, where no one will judge you for asking a beginner's question or knitting with (gasp) Red Heart. The rewards program is really nice - you get a plastic card that is scanned every time you buy. Everything is electronic (no paper punch card to lose).
5	As others have said, this is a really charming and friendly place!It is not fancy, by any means:instead, its charm is that it makes you feel at home. While the furniture is simple and unmatched, the selection of yarns is outstanding and of high quality. (But their prices are reasonable and are less than some competitors.) I have been coming here for years to attend knitting/crochet classes, to browse among the yarns and patterns, and to sip coffee while spending a few hours crocheting. It is a great place to discuss your project with others.There are many patrons who come just to talk over a beverage or a light meal. There are others who just come for a carryout coffee (and are obviously well-known to the barista).  While I really like most all of the Ancora coffee drinks, I do not care that much for their tea. The Chai tea was overburdened by vanilla and the Early Gray did not taste like it contained bergamot. I would be willing to pay the same price for a more mundane tea, just to have a place to "knit and sip,"Thanks for being such a wonderful space and refuge for those of us who love to knit and crochet!
5	This is my favorite yarn shop in the area! Everyone working there is friendly and knowledgable, and their selection is great.  Yes, the yarn is higher end than what you would find at JoAnn Fabrics or Micheals, but I have found some of the coolest yarns there and I believe they are worth spending a little bit more.  It also is a local yarn shop so I feel better about spending a little bit more money there. I've also taken a couple of classes there and those were great as well.  Helpful teachers and instructors. Also, they have delicious coffee.
5	I love The Sow's Ear! I'm there just about every weekend. Their quiches, pies, and sandwiches are all fantastic. I haven't had anything I didn't love! They get just about all of their stuff from local sources, so the ingredients are always really fresh. The yarn you can buy there is super high quality as well. Yes, it costs a bit more but your finished product is that much better because of it. They vary their classes quite a bit to fit all levels as well, so whether you're a seasoned and decorated knitter or just starting out, they've got something for you. :)
5	This is a great place to get some flavorful espresso, talk with friends, and get work done.
3	Needles and caffeine together under one roof. Why yes, please.I thought parking was going to be a pain because the few times that I've driven by, it looked like there was only street parking available, but it was actually a breeze. There is a tiny parking lot in the back, and since the area around the cafe is mostly residential, there is a lot of street side parking to be found. (: Awesome.I ordered a 12 oz mocha and a sweet potato, shiitake, and provolone quiche. The mocha is a little too foamy for my taste, but it's strong and the perfect wake-me-up. The quiche was light but filling, which I really appreciated. I'm not a huge breakfast foods fanatic, and I hate really heavy breakfasts that weigh me down for the rest of the day, so I thought the quiche was a perfect compromise. Serving the quiche with a side of greens is a nice touch too, though I'm not a big fan of the salad dressing.Free wifi is a plus, as is the availability of outlets near every table.I felt quite a bit out of place with the rest of the clientele, but I can see why many people enjoy spending a Sunday afternoon here. Don't think I'll be heading back anytime soon, but I'm glad I gave Sow's Ear a try!
5	Love the Sow's Ear! It's my home away from home. The atmosphere there is so inviting & comfortable. Great yarn selection, classes are awesome, staff is friendly & helpful, & the coffee is always top notch. I highly recommend their frozen hot chocolate while knitting or crocheting. Their rewards program is not limited to yarn purchases, so even if you just go for the coffee, you can benefit.
3	Good concept -- coffee and knitting! Love that combination. The staff is very friendly, both the baristas and the knitters (are they both?). The coffee is good.The reason the Sow's Ear looses stars is: because the layout of the building is a little wonky -- I felt like I was in people's way the entire time I was browsing the yarn, which was really annoying; and because the yarn selection itself wasn't that inspiring, to be honest. Not that many beautiful fibers -- lots of solid colors, striping yarn, and so forth. They didn't have Madelinetosh, and their Malabrigo selection was pitiful. We actually went back a second day in a row just to double-check that I wasn't missing some magical yarn, a diamond in the rough. I mean, there was one kind of yarn that I really, really liked, but not enough to purchase it. I ended up going to The Knitting Tree and The Cat and Crow and spending almost $200 on yarn at those stores. This isn't to say that I won't go back, but I just wasn't impressed this time.
5	Favorite Madison yarn store since lakeside went downhill and then out of business. Just wish they had a east side Madison yarn cafe like this.
5	Charmjng little cafe. Ordered a cortado, which isn't on the menu. And i love when baristas already know what it is. This one was done well. Quality of the espresso was toasty and slightly fruity. Free wifiGreat place to work when your office is getting too dull, (and super close to Epic!)
4	I don't know if anything baked is vegan but they have a ton of packaged options for vegans! They also serve both soy and almond milk :) which is a huge plus.  Their espresso drinks can be iffy, with a lot of cafes baristas tend to burn nut milk because it burns at a different degree than cow milk, but still!!! Most times I'm satisfied and I always love the ambiance.
4	Chicken salad sandwich and strawberry -banana smoothie was delicious!  Quick, friendly service and a great, laid back atmosphere with knitting supplies and yarn in every color of the rainbow. Only complaint: the soup was not hot enough. Worth coming for a coffee, lunch or knit!
5	The kind of place I love! Great coffee options (Kickapoo, Intelligentsia) and inspired food menu. Coffee house meets knitters united but you can chill out in this rustic house turned coffee meet up and enjoy locally sourced menu. We enjoyed the coffee and lattes and an amazing hot panini style caprese sandwich.
5	One of the coolest coffee houses in the Madison area! Always fresh, clean and full of great bakery. I have tried the sandwitches as well and they do not disapoint....... chocolate chip cookies are amazing!
