2	As a bar, it's fine, and the "ice" on the bar is pretty cool.If you're heading here for food, don't.  I'm pretty sure we got food poisioning here, and there were eyelashes in my sandwich.Food quality (when we weren't spewing it back up) was average.
3	The Ice House is so close to being great.  If they would just host awesome things there, it would be fantastic.  The location downtown is brilliant, and the decor is interesting and comfortable.  The lower level with its chromes and reds and pistachios is awesome, and the upstairs level's red lighting, oversized leather seating and ice bar all make it visully interesting.  Unfortunately, the events hosted here always seem to fall short of the hype, and if I'm paying close to $10 a drink, I want to have a great time.The upstairs patio is lovely, and I've spent a lot of nights out here trying to get away from the ghastly happenings indoors.  When everything is a little quiet, the Ice House is actually peaceful.Give it a try.  Downtown needs people and it might just be your cup of tea.
5	Yay! A party in Vegas that you don't have to dress up for! Even cooler is that it's a Weekly Drum n' Bass party. Reson8 is the party, presented by Detn8or at the Icehouse Lounge, "Two snaps and a circle." The actual Icehouse lounge is nice enough the place comes off like a 5.00$ house in a 1.00$ area. It offers 2 floors and an upstairs patio...Balcony? I like that the bars both upstairs and downstairs have an actual ice layer on top of the bar for your drinky to stay frosty. The night I went was "the grand opening" for the Detn8or party. All draughts and well drinks 2.00$ - So, I guess the drink specials are nicey-nice. (*Someone did order a top shelf mixed drink it was 7.00$ is that cheap or expensive for Vegas?)  Icehouse Lounge is downtown. Downtown's where I feel most comfy and I like that I didn't have to wear a button down shirt to go hear Jungle! The party itself was great. Jungle downstairs, techno upstairs, and down tempo for the patio/balcony.  The sound system was respectable and the vibe was juicy. This wasn't a sausage fest and not once did I feel like stuff was about to pop off which is a big plus. The bartenders were pretty quick and seemed friendly as hell. This makes me happy Drum n' Bass in Vegas!!!! Thank you Icehouse and Detn8or for the jump-off keep up the good work, I'll be back.
5	I love this place. Off the strip, several floors, great drinks, great local music and (gasp!) poetry jam! Interior design rivals New York, I just know I'm not in NY because there is a LOT of space and everyone seems not shocked that there is so much space. Very laid back cool West Coast vibe. Gorgeous crowd, no attitude, well dressed.
