1	So, I thought I could pick up some things for school since the campus bookstore was closed. "Just a few notebooks, they're cheap," I says to myself. But uh, here at CVS, I actually laughed aloud at what they were selling this stuff for. Paper was five dollars and UP. First you kill Sahara, now you want TEN DOLLARS for a spiral-bound notebook?!Die.
4	They're pretty nice here. I've never had to wait an exorbitant amount of time--pretty standard for your average prescription. They have a drive-up prescription place, which is sweet. The pharmacy people have always been nice. As opposed to a few previous reviews, their appearance doesn't really make a difference to me. I'm not trying to date these people, I just want them to do me a good service (zing). The prices are high because it's a drugstore, not a Wal-Mart.Oh, and they have a massive liquor section including beer, a large variety of wines and spirits ranging from plastic handles of Popov to Grey Goose. Plus, they have a ton of mixers. Pretty cool.
2	I go to this CVS pretty often because of how close it is to where I live and because it's got overall pretty decent prices when it comes to beer and champagne and what have ya.  I'm not sure where their prices stand on their hard liquor but usually anything outside of a liquor store is pretty outrageous.Also, if I have the beer munchies, I can get a frozen pizza.  Hooray!I have a serious issue with this place in the morning, man.  Sometimes on my way to work, I like to stop here, buy a bottle of water and a Red Bull but sitting out in back, where I like to lock up my bike, are these intensely aggressive tweekers/bums.  If I have money or change, I give it to the homeless when I can.  These guys, though.  I won't do it.  I won't give these guys shit.  One time I was locking up my bike and this chick who looked like she'd been eating meth for breakfast since she was knee-high to a grasshopper whistled at me and stared at me with these cold, dead eyes.  Around the corner, this guy appeared, all gangly and filthy.  Then they start demanding I give them money.... not asking, demanding.Fuck that noise, Jack.  I took off.So, this morning I come by and there they are, sittin' there.  I shit you not these guys are about as close to being zombies as you can get.  Not exaggerating:  I rode by and the chick reached out and said, "You got money?"I circled around to the front entrance, locked up my bike and the front door had a sign that said to go in through the back.  Through the back?  Where those stinky, demanding tweekers can accost me?  If there's a quiet bum sitting out in front, whatever, a little trashy but what's a bum to do?  Two or three tweekers that say, "Gimme money," and whistle at you?  Chase 'em off with a broom!
2	I shop here frequently due to the fact it's right next to my work. I may stop all together after last night's experience. I went in to buy a bottle of wine and some beer. When I went to pay, I handed the checker my ID and she rejected it. I understood why, apparently in Arizona it's against state laws to accept an ID with a hole punch in it, even if it's from another state. That was no biggie. Honestly I was kind of expecting it. What I wasn't expecting was how rude the lady was. I didn't cause a scene and was actually pretty pleasant about it. She proceeded to scoff at me like I was some underage nuisance trying to illegally buy liquor. She's lucky I'm a nice person in general or I might have given her a piece of my mind.
2	I've been a CVS guy for about 15 years, spanning three cities across the country. Some branches are better than others, some regions are better than others - they're no better or worse than other national chains which also have some good branches and some bad branches. I picked them because they have a great "rewards program" and because they have heavy presences in places where I travel often.So this is a bad branch. There's a couple decent check-out kids, but in general their employees are among the worst trained I've ever seen, in terms of providing polite, timely, friendly customer service. They avoid your eyes when they see you looking for something in an aisle, lest you bother them with a question. They never EVER greet you with a smile and a "good morning" or a "did you find everything you need?" while you check out. They have inconsistent policies about whether or not coupons can be scanned from iPhone or paper copies needed (the manager basically called me a liar when I said checkout people have scanned my iPhone coupons many times in the past).I guess if you sell very profitable liquor and meds, you make money no matter how bad your attitude is. It's not like Walgreens and Rite Aid are setting the world on fire with their customer service either....If you don't travel a lot like I do, pick a nice local independent pharmacist...
2	The cashiers who work for the store itself are very nice and I've never had an issue with them.  The pharmacy workers, however, are horrible.  The service I received picking up my prescription was about as awful an experience as I could have received.  I was treated with open contempt and what seemed to me to be accusatory remarks.One person who worked there LITERALLY rolled her eyes so hard at me, her field of vision must have vibrated.  It was absurd.  It was childish.  When I actually came to picking up my medication, I was asked what my medical insurance number was "supposed" to be.  The fuck does "supposed" mean?  An odd choice of words.  When I asked for clarification, I received nothing except for a shitty look.  I was then told my prescription card through Cigna was expired.  I didn't even give a goddamn anymore.  I paid the $13 and got the hell out of there.It was one of the worst experiences ever.  If someone's picking up medication, common sense dictates that you would be a little bit more sensitive to those people.
3	I have been in a better CVS before. Always busy and the lines are always long. Employees are friendly.
3	This CVS pharmacy is in a great location. Unfortunately, I feel you are paying for the convenience by higher prices than if you were to shop at Walmart or a different location of CVS. They recently remodeled to carry more food items, which is great for students. There is not a grocery store in walking distance of campus and I like that they adapted to the needs of the customers. The pharmacy staff is helpful. I have asked them different medical questions and usually received the information I needed by talking to the pharmacist. But during cold season, the pharmacy gets backed up and I have seen the shelves of allergy medicine empty before. Not good when everyone needs Claritan D! This location is usually busy and the lines can be long at times. Utilize both the register infront and back of the store for the shortest line. Another service they offer is passport photos- helpful for students traveling abroad or when taking a trip.
2	Maybe its the Mill bar strip proximity, or the ASU campus...but this place never has what I need and at some times and days it is messy that you just want to go back the way you came. Recently they added self payment machines, that could help, but still needs lots to improve.
3	I like cvs, at times they do have good salesPlus with their red card they have a good reward program.  They have quite a bit of good selection. However, every thing seems to be very higher in price.  Staff is nice, but i will not use their pharmacy because, friends have told me they are extremly rude. So why bother there is too many other choices out there.  Not one of my favorite stores in itself.  If you have to go there then what can you do...otherwise look elsewhere.
4	Stopped if for supplies and found everything I was looking for so I vote yes to going back.
1	I don't think this place even deserves a single star. I used to go here, but had a couple of terrible experiences the last times I was there. They used to be 'okay' but then they hired some new pharmacists that were totally rude and stuck up. I went in there in a lot of pain from a recent dentist appointment. The young girl at the counter didn't even greet me, she just took my prescription, looked at it, rolled her eyes and walked away. 10 minutes later she came back, without having said anything else and tells me "We don't have this". Why the hell would it take you that long to figure that out? Why were you so rude? Why didn't you have the medicine I needed? This place sucks and their employees have really sucky attitudes. Stay away from this place!
2	Bunch of college kids you know? What do you really expect when they rather be partying than running a store. A few dudes seemed cool enough at least to direct and actually show me to the bathroom. Other than that, it's just a college store.
3	It's CVS. Nothing to it.
3	This cvs is often out of things and their coupon machine is down 50% of the time. They have self service checkouts which is convenient. They are also open 24 hours . The staff is friendly and helpful but usually busy. However they are more than willing to help if u can manage to find them. And this location also has a coin star and copier.
1	Extremely slow pharmacy, even when not busy.
4	On the corner of university and mill.ASU There is so much to love here.
1	This review is for the pharmacy - I am a cancer patient about to begin chenotherapy  to make my life less complicated for this time my oncologist wrote a script for 90 days nothing was said when I picked up the script but when I got home it was from 30 days. No call to me nothing said to me no call to my doctor - when  I went back to find out why no calls were placed I was told that I should be glad that they got one month of my prescription that my insurance had only allowed for 1 month however when I asked if they had called the doctor they said we don't call the doctor so apparently when your doctor writes a script this pharmacy fills it however they see fit - in addition to this the entire time I was there the pharmacist stood in the middle of the pharmacy yelling this across at me. So CVS here is the facts had your pharmacist called the oncologist - the later would have called the insurance to get this approved and you would have pocketed a nice sum of money - in addition to that if this had been advised to me at pick up and I had been informed I could have at that time left the script at the pharmacy and gotten the 90 days approved but because your pharmacist behaved in such an unprofessional manner I not only will NEVER be back  I will be filling a complaint for his refusal to come to the window and discuss this professionally. Costco will now get my business.
4	This place is really convenient since its open all the time. I don't use the pharmacy here, but I like the store. The prices aren't TOO outrageous and if you use their coupons it can cut down on prices. Use the extra bucks like cash and scan your CVS card at the front kiosk to get extra coupons. Sometimes they run of stuff that have extra bucks deals associated with them, but this isn't surprising and it happens less here than other CVS stores (less college kids that care about coupons/deals.) The check out people are really friendly and nice. The store is also very clean and I think has a larger selection of food than other CVS locations.  But enter at your own risk, as for some reason the collective riffraff of Mill Ave and the weirdest people off the bus tend to congregate here.
2	I understand the pharmacy is busy..it ALWAYS IS. they need to staff a little more so customers don't have to wait 20 minutes for a script that was already ready!
5	I love, love, love this location. It's close to my house, and I'm always greeted when I walk in. The staff is friendly, professional, and knowledgeable. They know where things are, should I ask. They also don't harass me or ask me if I need help. I always drop off my prescription at the drive-thru, and pick it up there too. The staff knows me pretty well now after coming there over a year. I feel comfortable doing business with this particular location. I would highly recommend them to family and friends.
2	Pharmacy review only: I understand the pharmacy is busy but if I'm on hold for 20 minutes on the phone, I think it means you are under staffed. Why can't someone pick up the phone and at least say they will be with me shortly?
1	This review is only for the pharmacy. The old Pharmasict Chris was the nicest most helpful guy but unfortunatley he went to another CVS. Instead of finding the same quailty person to replace him they got the rudest, most hateful, disrespectful, stuck-up, bitch-complex woman ever. This woman (little blonde haired snot) is just plain disgusting because for the way she treats people. My mother who is very sick came in to get her medication (every month for years) its the same price everytime. The Dragon Lady Pharmasict charges my mom double instead of her normal amount. When my mother says no thats not the right price Cruella DeVille starts pointing her finger in my mother face, rolling her eyes, and talking to my mother as if she was a piece of shit. This Pharmasict makes me sick and I will make sure I tell everyone DO NOT GO TO THE CVS ON MILL AND UNIVERSITY UNLES YOU LIKE BEING TREATING LIKE DIRT
1	This review is for the pharmacy only ! Wish I could give negative stars . This is the worst pharmacy ! Every time I go in they always have some issue with my insurance or with filling my prescriptions. I have no idea why it's always so difficult for them to fill anything for me. Considering I have not changed insurances or medications within the last 5 years of me using cvs on mill. Why they can't get their shit together is beyond me! I've never had such issues at other cvs locations . Oh beware of the extremely bitchy pharmacy techs . Customer service here sucks they treat you like scum. I know it's a great location for most people but there's a much better cvs pharmacy located on Broadway and McClintock . You've been warned ! On a positive note the store itself is nice and the staff running the retail space is awesome.
3	For the most part, I feel like this store can be entirely summed up by simply saying "it's a CVS". You pretty much know what you're getting into here. I actually have trouble imagining the person who would check yelp before deciding whether or not to go to CVS. But then the person who's willing to write about it is probably worse.The staff here is fine, the only annoying thing is that almost every time you go here there's someone out front asking for money. Half the time it's a homeless person, the other half it's someone who "needs money for the bus" who looks eerily similar to the person who was homeless asking for change last time I was here. I usually have change in my pocket from the purchase I just made in the store, but I always tell them "I only have my debit card" and then throw the change into the cup holder in my car where it will probably stay until I sell the thing. I'm not a cold person, and it's not that I'm unwilling to give my change to the guy. I'm just worried I might touch his skin when I hand him those two dimes and a penny.On the plus side, if you live close to Mill, there aren't any grocery stores nearby, so this place can be convenient for certain purchases. But most importantly, it's the closest place to me that I know of where I can get a handle of vodka for $9.99.
