5	The Bee's Knees is a little gem along 16th St that you might miss if you drive too fast...sandwiched between a Chinese "benevolent association" and a little gated apartment complex, this building has been transformed into an art gallery and shop.  Parking is along the building's north wall (on Cypress), which now displays a mural by one of the artists.My friend and I stumbled upon the Bee's Knees by word of mouth and just happened to catch the shop open on one of their off days.  The owners, Julia and her husband (who is one of the artists featured in the gallery), let us shop and peruse the place even tho' they were technically closed.  The shop itself sells antiques, resale clothing/accessories, and some artist-crafted jewelry and quirky items.I'm a larger size and was happy to see that there was a XL section with a couple of great finds.  Though, my friend, who is a S found just as much as I did.  My favorite part about the shop is the HUGE mirror in the clothing area...you rarely get to try on clothes where you can see EVERYTHING!  They have a large selection of men's and women's jeans...so there's something for everyone.  Also found a great pair of earrings--one of the artists takes old skateboards and makes earrings out of them...yea for recycling!  They're fabulous!!I'm not sure exactly what it was about the inside of the shop, but even though it had high ceilings, it was comfy and almost homey...could have been the free chocolates up at the desk or the owners' hospitality or the nostalgic antiques lining the wall.  All I know is that I want to go back soon!!
4	What a delightful little shop. Having driven by The Bee's Knees several times I thought I'd pop in and see what the store had to offer. The front of the store contained original artwork from several local artisans, as well as some really cool collectibles. The atmosphere was pleasant, and coffee and cupcakes were offered by the proprietor. Nice! At it's heart The Bee's Knees is 1/3 art shop, 1/3 thrift store and 1/3 gallery. The thrift store portion is mostly for the ladies, as the men's portion is one small rack. Still, the stuff is all pretty cool and reasonably priced. If you have an hour to kill and a few bucks to drop you should check out The Bee's Knees, you may find something fun.
5	On a Saturday afternoon my friend and I found this wonderful place! It is so unique! This is a must see space! Clothing seems to be the specialty as well as an artful presence - All the clothing is really well priced -- I will be back for more shopping! The owners are so great to talk to, they make you feel so at home. It is more than a store, you have to see for yourself!
5	Wow! I had the great fortune to happen upon this place after seeing a post on Coronado Historic District's facebook page about a sale. I went in today trying to take advantage of the sale that is going on and was blown away by the great selection, the beautiful art space and gracious owner. All of their items are reasonably priced, they have a great selection of clothing and accessories for men and women and the environment is chill. It is easy to miss this store driving by, if you don't see it... Look Again! :)
5	Great shopping place for clothes, jewelry, art and home decor! One of those GREAT finds and the owners are really nice. It has boutique clothing at affordable prices, great atmosphere and FRIENDLY!!!!
5	Driving on 16th street and what do I see?...a store with obvious charm and vintage fun , I whisper "  that place is cool " , my husband being the smart guy he is says "Do you want to go ? "YES"  I yell .  It was a wonderful moment . And he immediately obliges with a u turn executed with  finesse.  We arrive back at the Bees Knees and I fall in  love  with the murals running on the sides of the building , a giant  bee , a whimisical skull , a graphic mural ... Dee-- Lightful . Confession: I love vintage clothes , big bold patterns , amazing textures , great details ...it calls to me .... Stores that sell vintage clothes make me happy.  Stores that sell cool old clothes that don't smell like attics are even more wonderful.The Bees Knees has impressive racks of womens and mens clothes with funky hipness that screams UNIQUENESS. Prices are very reasonable , wide range of sizes and the qualtiy  is good.  Not everything is old , but the colors and lines are interesting and hip.  They also sell local artist jewelry , purses knick knacks and such.  I found a beaded full skirt that has amazing textures as well as a bold print floral that is perfect for work.  hubby found a Marvin the Martian shirt that was amazing but the wrong size.The Site also host a art space called the Hive.  You never know what might be buzzing back there. ( I aplogize for the obvious.)
5	This store is a 16th Street treasure! I happened upon the Hive when I was living and working in the area. Great art, great accessories and wonderful selection of clothes.  The owners have impeccable taste and are always helpful in putting together outfits.  I have found quite a few event outfits here, some still have the store tags on them! While you're in the area for lunch at La Condesa (which is just down the street), stop by the Bee's Knees and see what treasures they have to offer. You won't be sorry!
5	Art and thrift clothes, memorabilia and jewelry.  This place is so cool and a must see-stop if you're in Phoenix.  The owner was so knowledgeable about the local art scene and really helpful; gave us the best complementary jamaica drink ever.  You'll find some very cool threads and buy some sweet local art there.  I have been to many thrift stores yet I have never been to such a cool thrift art store like this before.  And girls, the dresses looked really cool here.  Guys, sweet t-shirts (about $6) of all sorts.
5	the owner is kind and sweet just like her store. amazing art in the back the clothes and vintage handmade items are rare definitely  give this place a shot if not just a simple walk in to feel what the place is about support LOCAL businesses..
5	Wow, this place is such a gem...it's the coolest thrift shop/ local artist goods/ gallery all rolled into one I've ever been to!  Great clothes, so much art and handmade goodies, beautiful original paintings, there's a lot of eye candy going on in this unique place.  And the owner Julia was so sweet and helpful. If you're in town, you gotta swing by The Bee's Knees.  You will find cool things here that you can't find anywhere else....
4	I've hovered around The Bee's Knees nearly three years, capturing the art work of Lalo Cota, Breeze Marcus, Jenny Ignaszewski, Benjy Sakoia, Jetsonorama and others gracing the walls of the place.  I've started going inside now, and found an eclectic, artsy, fun retro boutique supporting local art.Ponder this.  Local art won't go limp in your veggie drawer by next Friday.  It won't be fleeting minutes of food truck bliss.  It puts your tastes on the wall or your body, maybe for decades, while helping local talent live their passion.   It's another great way to shop local.
3	I like this place. I can always count on finding something cute when I come here. The owner is nice, and I love the art work she has displayed in the store. I always stop in here every month or so to see what new goodies await!!
5	What a gem! Such an insightful owner who's genuinely dedicated to the art scene in the area; followed up with great suggestions on things to do throughout the day. Everything's neatly kept and well priced, definitely must-see if you're interested in the raw, local scene of Phoenix.
5	I'm so happy they're back fromSummer vacation! I popped back in and found an outfit to wear out on Saturday night.  The clothes are cute, hip, and affordable. The owner has a great eye and is fun to visit with.  Great way to see some local art, too. I highly recommend visiting this shop!
4	I liked it and prices were more then fair on everything except the art (a bit out of range I think, but some pieces are nice, just too costly) great place! Felt like I found a hidden gem and the coffee was good! But watch out about your car - the area is shady and I almost had my purse snatched when I got in my car around the corner (not the Bee's Knees fault though - just warning!)
5	Love it! Great selection of vintage stuff and cool gallery and outdoor space. Reasonable prices. We chatted with the owners for awhile they are such cool people! I love 16th street and this shop adds even more to the character of the neighborhood.
