1	Before I even start, I want to make note that this is the very first physical therapy session I have ever experienced, so I honestly don't have any other facility to compare Tim Soder's to. If I did, I might give it 2 stars instead of 1.I was recently diagnosed with 'ischial bursitis' and was told by my orthopedic specialist that I would need a couple weeks of physical therapy, going 2-3 times a week. I guess my orthopedic office has a type a partnership with Tim Soder's since they had a representative at the office at the time to schedule an appointment. At my first visit, they spent about 1.5 hrs with me. The first 30-45 min was to diagnose the areas that needed to be worked on and I guess set-up a plan for me to follow. The rest of the time was spent in the gym area doing light stretches and exercises. When I was with the physical therapy specialist (?) it was okay, the disappointment started at the 'gym time'. After the diagnosis was done, I was handed off to an athletic trainer. He had me do some warm-ups and some stretches and walked off to help others. There were at least 10 other people in the gym room. Like I said, this is my first time but I honestly thought it was going to be more one-on-one type of an appointment and definitely more attentive. After I was done with each exercise, I'd have to walk across the room to ask him what's next. Seriously, after EVERY EXERCISE. Half way through, he handed me off to another athletic trainer. Same service. At one point of the night I had to wait for him to finish his conversation with his friends for him to give me my next exercise/stretch.  As I was leaving, the receptionist asked me, "So you're only doing gym time for next session right?" Um, isn't that something she should be telling me and not asking me? I just told her no one mentioned anything to me and she looked back at her notes and was like, "oh yes, looks like you are.." I was definitely not very happy with the first appointment. I decided to not judge too hard, because I really was in no position to have that many expectations.  I thought I'd give it another try to see if maybe the 2nd session would be better. Nope. Same thing. Except this time, there was no 'treatment time'. No one was curious on how I felt after the first session? If I'm sore? If I'm hurting? I had to ask them for different exercises and they were able to give me at least some idea of how to realign my pelvic bone. If they had showed me their plan over the next few weeks on what they wanted to work on, like exercises and expected progress, that might have motivated me to return. But with the service I was getting, I felt like I was just throwing $60 down the drain for each 40min session.
5	Second day here , great place perfect location. The employee that work with me are doing great job. Quiet , there is outside nice Coffe place. You never wait. The time that you have appointment this time you will get it. Overall 5 stars.
5	After going to another PT clinic for my first surgery, I had something to compare to. From my first day at TSPT, I had Jimmy Greathouse as a therapist and he knew exactly what I needed to accomplish in order to play soccer again. He focused on movement of my knee and different exercises and drills I do in soccer to prevent hurting my knee again. Everyone there knew exactly what they were doing and so well-versed in everything they do there. All the staff was very friendly and helped me out a ton as I was going thru this very frustrating time. They were very encouraging and helped me reach my goals from starting to run again and doing agility and training.I would definitely recommend TSPT to anyone who has had surgery.
5	I hyper-extended my knee earlier this year and was referred to Tim Soder Physical Therapy (TSPT) by a friend. I've seen multiple sports physical therapists both in Australia and here in the USA, and my last experience here in Las Vegas was terrible as they misdiagnosed and mistreated an ankle injury while also being remarkably more expensive than TSPT.The physical therapist I was assigned to was Megan Espeland and she was fantastic. During the initial consultation, Megan took her time in accessing my injury and diagnosing it as an MCL sprain while also explaining my treatment options and how my knee could get better or worse. Afterwards I was given a workout program to help improve my injury by one of their personal trainers named Trevor who was one of the best personal trainers I've ever been with. He was smart, patient and extremely helpful in outlining all the machines and exercises I had to use as well ensuring I was doing everything correctly.After that initial consultation I came back 2 or 3 times a week with each visit consisting of treatment from Megan, a full workout and then icing and electronic stimulation. Megan always monitored my progress to recovery while Trevor and some of the other personal trainers always ensured my workout was also progressing to the point where my weights were increasing and my knee was getting stronger. Although I had a very tricky injury that didn't see improvement straight away, eventually it began to heal, and I'm happily feeling 100% better from when I injured it initially. I highly recommend TSPT and Megan as a physical therapist for any injury regardless of if they accept your health insurance because the TSPT staff are the nicest and most informative that I have ever encountered over the last 15 years that I've had to use a sports physical therapy. Although I hope I never have to return to TSPT for an injury, I guarantee that if I do there will only be one place I will visit!
