5	Get ready for a one-of-a-kind dining experience. Bak'd isn't an everyday kind of place, but perfect for a birthday, anniversary, or uber-impressive first date. Set in downtown Mesa (yes, Mesa), Bak'd has a beautiful, intimate dining room featuring leather couches, low lighting, and shag area rugs. The concept here is unique -- you call in advance (at least 24 hours) with your dining preferences, food allergies, and choices from the basic entree items, such as filet mignon, chicken, swordfish, veal or rack of lamb.Then, based on the information you give them, Chef Timothy and Chef James create a custom 5 to 7 course gourmet meal. The food is delicious, artfully presented, and the chefs are a kick. They look more like bouncers than gourmet chefs, but give them a try. At $40 per person, this private dining experience is worth it.
5	We went by this place a hundred times, and always commented on the fact that we should go there. We went on Valentines 2007 for the first time. We have been there twice since. The restaurant has gone above and beyond our expectations every time. I am a bit of a picky eater, I will eat ANYTHING they serve.Bakd is run by a catering company, they use the restaurant to try out new ideas on their patrons. You must make reservations ahead of time, I have always spoken to Chef Tim when doing this, he has always been nice and accommodating even when changing reservations multiple times.Depending on how many reservations they have they will ask what protein you would like, or just tell you. =) (they are always accommodating of  vegan and vegetarian diets)Typically they will serve 5 - 7 courses and the chef will come out and explain the dish and his thought process in creating the dish. We have always felt apart of the process. Never has a single course been bad. We have stolen several of their ideas and used them in our own kitchen. The chefs are open to discuss where they shop, what they look for. This is by far the most compelling, unique, exciting, wonderful, and amazing dining experience I have ever had.I encourage everyone I know who enjoys food to go there. The store front is small and intimate, it does not feel like being in downtown Mesa at all. The price is $45 a person, and well worth it. I do not normally pay this much for a meal, but this is no normal meal! Please go and enjoy this is to good not to be packed every night.
4	Bak'd appears to have closed it's doors as a restaurant.Have been many times before, and have always had great food and service.  We tried to make a reservation for next week and were informed of the sad news.  They only do catering now.
