5	I am a simple man, with a simple haircut.  This is why I have never found it necessary to spend much more than $10 to have it done.  It's hard to mess up this 'do (though some have tried valiantly to do so and have succeeded with flying colors....I'm always up for a gamble).  Looking through my mail the other day I came across a coupon for a free haircut from this place for their Grand Opening, valued at $17 no less! I figured I'd give them a try.It's your standard hair cutting establishment, just covered in Sports stuff (batting cages, lockers, etc.) with Sports on various TVs throughout the place.  I was informed that as a new customer I'd be upgraded to the "MVP" cut for free, which included (from their website:)-Precision Haircut - Consultation and precision cut by a Guy-Smart Stylist-Massaging Shampoo - Relaxing shampoo with invigoratingscalp massage-Steamed Towel - Sterilized Steamed Towel and time to kick back-Leave-in Conditioner-Neck and Shoulder Massage(also noted on their site: Massage services are not available in Washington State.......strange.....)I thought my freebie coupon would exempt me from this upgrade, but it did not.  Win-win!  Too keep things short, cut was exactly how I wanted, barber seemed very attentive and detailed, and no complaint about the extras.  Most thorough haircut experience I have every had.  Not sure I'd pay the full $22 next time for the same treatment, but I was handed a handful of coupons for my next visit so I'll be back at least once!
5	Jakes review prompted me to get my hair cut here too. I was impressed by the entire process. The cut was great, the shampoo was amazing, the massage was a nice touch and the hot towel....well was a hot towel on your face. I got the VIP as an upgrade for free so the cut was $17 plus tip. I thought it was nice that the girl took notes and entered them into the system for next time. I also have a stack of free coupons too. Let me know if you want one. I will go back.
4	Jake and Daren's reviews prompted me to get my hair cut here.I was kind of wary, because I'm a connoisseur of fine haircuts - I like the 40-60 dollar haircuts, but can't afford such a luxury anymore.  Regardless, I went, and I came away satisfied.The premises itself is very clean, very new and I found it to be a nice environment; there was ample sunlight coming in when I got there.  I don't do the whole massage thing, but I got it here, and it was surprisingly relaxing.  The biggest obstacle for me is in the name itself: Sports.  I know nothing of sports and don't like sports, so that made it kind of awkward with sports on all the tvs and all the people around discussing it.Overall, the price was good and the haircut was fine, so I think I'll be back again.
3	I didn't go back again.  The haircut turned out to be worse than I thought, being quite unmanageable.  I ended up going back to the local Mexican barber, who charged 12 bucks for a pretty decent haircut.I think they gave better massages than they did haircuts.  Still, it wasn't a bad place, and one could do worse.
4	I went back and used a coupon but have not been back again. The price is just too much for my failing hair....lol
4	I'm a horrible haircut customer. I never remember how I get my haircut and squared or rounded, I just don't keep track. I've been to all of the chains and was thinking that maybe I should finally find just one person to cut my hair for now on until I got a coupon. I really enjoyed my visit, I didn't get the MVP thing cause I wasn't expecting it and I didn't have time for it. They are all pretty knowledgeable and quick. Only once was I not fully happy with the cut, but it's hair it grows back. They are a bit more pricey but I always go with a coupon, I get them every month. I'm not the most talkative person so it gets kinda awkward when you sit there in silence so I love that you can just sit there and watch sportscenter.
4	great place for men, their is a small TV for you to watch while having your haircut and a big one to watch while waiting, the service is great, wait times and price not so much but for all the old men who are always in their that just want to be mauled by younger women i guess its OK.I would recommend men to get their hair cut here if they are willing to pay extra just to associate with the young women and get a haircut no better than some average establishment such as great clips.
5	Mirror Jake D. No idea how I've never been here but got the coupon from someone at work. Think I got  a new spot, they also do touch ups for your neck/sideburns within a month of the original cut. Like the place so much I bought product, probably since I didn't pay for the cut though!
5	Wait times are reasonable. If you arrive and there is a line, they'll take your name and you can go run some errands and return without loosing your place. While they do attempt to up-sell you on product (come'on fellas, some of you need some help in this area), they are not pushy at all. Ask for either Aja or Tina, both are very friendly and professional and know how to give a haircut! Thanks.
5	Great professional staffing.  I've been going to sportclips for 5 years now and they are hands down the best hair professionals around.
5	So my husband needed to find a new place to get his hair cut. He likes the atmosphere, pricing, and service here. They sell an array of hair products to keep your man looking gorgeous. I enjoy knowing that the owners are a huge supporter for veterans as well. Hair cut, wash, and style at a great price and frequent shoppers get great pricing as well.
5	Just got my hair cut there yesterday and loved it. Most barbers look at all my cowlicks and just assume it's going to be a hard cut so they kinda wing it... She told me what she was going to do to make it look good. Tina I believe her name was the girl that cut my hair.. She did an awesome job!!! I recommend asking for her if you go. We talked the whole time which made the whole process easy (i hate getting haircuts for some odd reason.) I actually enjoyed myself the entire hair cut, and she even recommended products for my hair that I ended up buying and I love do far.
5	Friendly service, less wait time, and good price, hairstylist r very helpful n know lots about their skills..
5	I been to many sportclips but never seen nice people like this place. Very helpful and knowledgable about the products and the best low prices in town. If you want good customer service and great prices, you should visit them.
4	I use to have the hardest time finding a stylist to cut my hair, but since I've discovered Sports Clips, I rarely have issues with my haircuts. They are so consistent with their cuts. All the girls pretty much cut hair the same way. I would stay away from the one on Beardsley and I-17 ... it opened fairly recently and I think they need a little more time to get with the program.
