3	Chao Phraya is a nice place with white table cloths and welcoming as well. We arrived here around 7 and were immediately seated. My boyfriend and I were quite famished and decided to quickly place our orders for Thai Iced Tea and the Imperial Rolls once we sat down. To our surprise, they didn't have Thai Iced Tea.  We opted for the iced waters and began our meal with the rolls.  We also ordered the Pad Thai with duck and the Spicy Beef with Basil. The entrees were delicious, but the Imperial Rolls were horrible. They were bland and filled with vegetables that just didn't seem to be fresh. Nonetheless, our entrees outshined the appetizer and service was great.
3	There's nothing I need less than a "trendy" restaurant in a city where men in capri pants are "trendy."  Chao Phraya is full to the brim with these "bon vivants" and with a lot of American people whose want of nightclubs has rocketed them north of the border.  If you walk into a restaurant and see a man with an open collared shirt marshaling the distribution of shots in tiny porcelain cups, it's not a great sign.The food leaves something to be desired, as well.  A mango salad (I can't be troubled to navigate CP's monstrosity of a Flash website for translation) was fair.  A small seafood soup was by far the best thing we had, with a good, fresh prawn and a decent crab leg.  The broth was as we requested, swimming with chiles.Vegetarian entrees were nothing to write home about.  The service was nice and friendly and the prices were semi-reasonable.
5	The negative reviews really, really surprise me.  I went here several years back when it was rated just short of a 30 (highest score) on Zagat.  It was beyond incredible; the best Thai I have ever eaten in my life.Now, I see these reviews and can only think there was perhaps a change in management.  That's disappointing.
4	I like red curry, normally I go for veggie because I don't trust the quality of the meat in most Thai restaurants (not usually high-end). Because of the higher-end atmosphere and higher prices (not by much though), I tried the beef. Best decision of my life. Succulent. Also, wonderful service, extremely professional and on the ball. My boyfriend didn't like his food as much, only due to personal taste, as it wasn't a flavor he enjoyed.  But go red curry go.
4	I went here a long time ago and it sticks out in my mind as a heavenly experience. The service was fantastic, the restaurant was beautiful, and the food was beyond delectable. I had a fish dish that was possibly the softest, most succulent piece of fish ever. Definitely a restaurant for a special night out.
4	I went here with an old girlfriend a while ago and I will always remember the food, and the ambiance. It is a great date place, the service makes you look smooth as heck and the food is romantic in style and flavour. No messy plates or warm food that should be hot or cold salad that got caught under a hot lamp. We had the crab claw cakes with sweet chili sauce and wonton soup. Flavour profile was there without tasting like a typical asian style soy based soup. The meal was great if I remember correct my girlfriend had the peanut butter chicken and fried spinach and I had the vermicelli with beef skewers and sauce. All food was hot and had chopped peanuts to make it salty and crunchy, added with some fresh cilantro and coconut flavor --- yeah it was a great night.
5	Amaazzzinggg Thai food. I've been here twice and both times I was very satisfied in terms of service and quality of food. The first time I came with my visiting sister and mother and we ordered pad thai, green and red curry. It was served in a perfect portion, not too much and not too little. The curry wasn't so spicy but it was so rich in flavor! The coconut milk was just right and didn't overpower the rest of the dish. The presentation was great too, the curries were served in a medium sized blue and white porcelain (i think) bowl. They decor of the place was beautiful too, you feel like you're in Thailand or something close to it. Ok I might be exaggerating, but basically the place has a wonderful ambiance. The second time I went i ordered a duck dish and it was so tender yet crispy, I LOVED it. I also ordered a great lemongrass soup. Very rich in taste. This place gets busy so I suggest to reserve. Probably the best Thai restaurant I've had so far.
5	Classy but casual, tasteful wood and art that's just fine, not trying too hard, full of Montrealers, sun as it sets, friendly accommodating service all carrying around strollers for you, seating last minute guests without a reservation, and smiling gently making everyone feel calm and comfortable. The little things: hot plates delivered right before the mains are served, drink orders remembered and duplicated with ease, and yah. Delicious food. Everything is clearly homemade, the unique kick to the peanut sauce attests to it and makes me want to eat it with all dishes, every meal, for all time or at least a week. I love this section of Laurier for it's cute shops and bars and restaurants and overall feeling of a small, slow French town, and I hugely recommend Chao Phraya.
3	Reportedly the best Thai in town. I had high hopes after reading up on the restaurant and they delivered a nice meal, but the best Thai food I've had, it was not. Open only for dinner service, reservations are highly recommended, but if you go later in the evening finding a table should be easy.  The interior is all very nice and worthy of bringing a date, but the staff seemed young and poorly trained.Portion sizes were a tad small so factor that in when ordering. The lack of Green Papaya Salad on the menu was the first hint that things were amiss.  Everybody seems to rave over their peanut sauce, but I was unimpressed, I guess warm peanut butter with loads of sugar just isn't my thing. The red chicken curry was the highlight of the night and I enjoyed drizzling the curry over my rice, I just wish it was a bit spicier. To end the meal, we had the Pad Thai that was so sweet it was almost inedible, apparently sugar is the chef's secret ingredient.Without drinks our bill came to about $35 a head after tips and taxes. A classy Thai place with mediocre food at OK prices.  The hunt for a great Thai restaurant continues.
2	Didn't feel this place at all. Let's start with the good news: the service was quite good. Nice service all around. Warm, friendly. You usually expect this from a Thai restaurant and they delivered on this very well.Now onto the less stellar aspects.. the food is bland. When I go eat Thai food I expect - and really want - to be slapped  in the face with a giant hammer of flavor. I need to feel the pain! The spices! The flavor assaulting my very core from every angle. Not so much here... Very bland flavors that left me without any sort of teary eyes, runny nose or deep satisfaction when delicate balance meets raw power - which is usually the staple of great Thai food. The dishes should punch your guts in but gently, and politely. It usually brings along friends to accompany the spiciness. Here I got a long highway paved with pillows and elevator music.Blandness.No depth, no balance, not enough flavors. Yea you feel spiciness but that is never enough on its own.We had 5 dishes and they ranged from being just weirdly put together like their cucumber salad with a sweet cough-like-syrup to being OK like their tofu with red curry. The spring rolls were under-seasoned which to me takes out a few stars right from the get go. The sauce was quite poorly made - I could do better and I am terrible in the kitchen. You simply cannot serve food at your restaurant like that.Sorry for the lack of detailed description but my meal there is a long lost memory of mine and Chao Phraya has been put in my "never go back there" stash. It's not terrible but when there are dozens of other choices out there, why even bother?The people working there seem really nice, honest people. i would suggest to consider changing some of their kitchen staff.Vegetarian food: 2 un-Thai-like stars out of 5Service: 4.25 out of 5Value: 2.5 out of 5
4	How you say YUM in Taiwanese? The food was very tasty, very flavourful and the ingredients  were very fresh.  A great selection of different varieties of main dishes and appetizers.  I loved that you could actually buy a half bottle of wine with dinner at a very reasonable price!  The staff was very friendly and attentive and the pace of the meal was very relaxed and well timed.  The restaurant is located in the Plateau area of Montreal and even though it was a bit off the main strip, the place was busy the whole night.  My only complaint that I would have to mention is that they charged you for parking in what looked like a auto repair shop that was closed for the night that was right across the street from the restaurant.  I figured that if you're spending what I thought was a decent amount of money for dinner, that even if they were being charged by the business, that they could spring for parking to make the experience 5 star worthy.  I'd still go back but might spend the extra minute or so to find a parking spot on the street.
4	Good selection of items on the menu. Two of us shared the panang beef and the battered shrimp in chili sauce. Both were delicious, especially the shrimp, which were very lightly battered to add just a little crunch to the dish.
3	Our experience with Chao Phraya, food wise, was spectacular. But overall, we were a little befuddled with their service. Our appetizer was served very quickly. We had as much as we wanted as quickly as we could since we were ravenous, and wanted to get on to the next course. After that, we waited for 45 minutes for our entrees to be brought to us. At the 40 minute mark, I asked our server if there was a problem with our order, since we hadn't received it yet, to which they expressed surprise since they thought we were still working on the appetizer (there were two spoons of it left). While we were waiting all that time, we kept drinking water to silence our grumbling stomachs. Our wait staff kept forgetting that our water had no ice in it - whenever they would come over to refill the barely sipped glass, they would top off our warm waters with ice, and after we reminded them about the no ice, they would go change the glass. This happened almost 11 times (I counted). After we licked the plates clean and FINISHED our entrees, we kept waiting for the staff to turn up for desert order, but no one did. Finally at the 15 minute mark, I had to climb down the upper level where we were seated, find our server, and request him to bring the desert that we wanted. Very weird. The staff was polite and apologetic, but since they did the same thing twice, I have a feeling that they did not understand the problem at all. Again, the food was really really reallly good. Maybe the staff was jsut having a bad day?
3	Me and my boyfriend went there for Thai food because of the excellent review on yelp. The ambience was really good with good decor. The service was great too, very friendly and lots of smiles. Lastly the food. I like the food there. We ordered the mango salad with lobster, tom yum soup with fish, seafood with eggplant and red curry with beef. The green mango was refreshing, but the lobster does not taste too fresh. The other three dishes are great, good taste, but VERY small portion, and WAY OVERPRICED! You are paying $10 for a small bowl of soup, for an example. Also we waited for very long between dishes even through there were very few customers in the restaurant.We also ordered sticky rice with mango for dessert. I would recommend going there with the expectation that you will get small portion for lots of money. Overall, good food
4	One of the best Thai in town!! I used to like it more back then when it was the old owners..I found the food was more tasty! Anyhow, it is still good. I love their chicken wings with spinach leaves. They are one of my favorite. Love the duck, one of their specialty! The peanut chicken is not bad also! I love their tom yum soup, one of the best in town.Prices are very reasonable! Service is good. This place gets crowded on the weekend so don't forget to reserve!
1	We have frequented chao pray for years. A few weeks ago our order was mixed up but we brushed it of as a bad day. Last night, it took over fifteen minutes and us telling to 2 people we were ready to order for one waiter to come over, he spoke perfect English and there was no confusion. 10 minutes went by and we got the tea, I got my soup, I am a slow eater so I started, by the time I finished my husband's spring rolls were not in the table, again we had to get the attention of a couple of waiters before ours showed up, blamed somebody else for not bringing them and supposedly went down to get them. Other 10 minutes went by and our Main Course showed up, no spring rolls, we told them to send the main course back until he got his appetizer, after some time, the hostess walked by, I asked who was the manager  in charge, she said he was too busy in a meeting to attend to clients. Since He was in my eye sight, 2 tables away from me sitting with his back to the main counter and room, speaking with another guy since 6:30 a few minuts after our arrival, I approached him directly, he responded by saying might be the waiter did not know we order spring rolls! At that time the waiter approached us with the order. An hour had gone by, we had already put our coats on, we pay for our soup and tea to never go back. There were many waiters walking around doing nothing, the restaurant was not full, just very poorly managed.
2	I'm confused about this place...Have not been here in ten years. The place looks nice and all but the price is out of whack with regular thai food. Anyhow, I do find the decor nice, and the service was very good and efficient just that the food is kind of blah. And yet when you have and listing of 5 best thai resto in MTL, this place is always on it...My problem with this place is that everything tastes too sweet. When you go to and asian restaurant and the food is too sweet, you know something is up... this s*%!t ain't for real right?Thai food and everything at once, sweet salty spicy sour hot cold crispy bitter so on and so forth... all in varying combinations. Here we have some semblance of sour, or salt or crispy but it always ends with sweet. It's very one note. After two appetizer and two mains, I had had 3 water and one drink that I ordered. If this is what's best in MTL, we are lacking in Thai food. I really want good hoi tod!!! goddamnit!
5	Food was excellent... authentic thai food! I strongly recommend the crab claw appetizer. Service is great and the ambiance is cool.
4	Love the peanut sauce and the tom yum with coconut milk
2	I'd give this resto 2.5 stars, but in this case I have to round down. There were two major disappointments with our dinner: one was the price. It was very expensive for Thai cuisine, for example a tiny portion if sticky rice was $6. My second issue was the quality of the meat that they used. We ordered a sweat and sour fish and a pad Thai with duck. In both cases the meat was dry, rubbery and not too tasty. It really seemed like a quality of meat that you would find in the frozen food section of Super C. Given the aforementioned priciness of the dishes this surely is in appropriate.  We also ordered a tofu with crispy spinach and peanut butter sauce which was good. In all cases the vegetable, noodles and tofu component of the dishes were good. With so many Thai options in the city I see no reason to splurge at Chayo Phara as there is better Thai food to be found elsewhere.
