3	We had the shrimp and the chicken burritos it was just average and the tap beer Modelo was not working yet. They need to cook the tortillas a little longer. They do have selections of alcohol and they do have bathrooms inside also. Patio dining as well
3	My husband and I decided to try a new place to eat and came across this spot. It's pretty much another version of Chipotle, but this place offers nachos and taquitos. The food was good. Burritos are pretty big and they are filling (unless you're just greedy, then you would eat more). The prices are just a bit more than Chipotle, but no big deal. The staff was friendly and this place was super busy. The line was continuously out the door, so business is pretty good. You have the option to sit inside or outside. Overall, if we are hungry and all other places are at capacity, we'll come here.
3	I visited this Zaba's out of curiosity after seeing the Rampart & Lake Mead location was closed during peak business hours. There was no sign saying what happened to that location.The location of this Zaba's in the new 'Downtown Summerlin' shopping center is perfect for their business regarding foot traffic. It's right next to Dillard's and the South Parking Garage. I drove in from Charleston. You drive south through the shopping center and Dillard's is at the end of the road and Zaba's was to the right of it. You'll see Dillard's in the distance. I was able to find parking easily on the ground level of the parking garage within a short distance of Zaba's.The place is brand new, big and super busy. I'd say from what I saw at the Downtown Summerlin Center Zaba's was the most busiest place during the middle of the day on a weekday out of everything there and there's a lot there to take in. The line inside went smoothly until I reached the soda machine. There is only one soda machine and it's fancy. It electronic with a touch screen interface that makes all kinds of soda's but it only serves one person at a time which can cause a line to back up. When I went there the soda machine's software seemed to glitch and most of the flavor choices went down for around ten minutes. They had to call someone to get it back up and a collection of people gathered around it trying to figure it out. If it's working properly it's easy to figure out.I usually have the do it yourself salad but this time I went for the classic chicken burrito, a side of chips and queso and a regular drink costing me around $14. I'd never tried their queso before and it was alright. Not any more special than Qdoba or Cafe Rio's. Their chicken burrito was bland to me so I grabbed some hot sauce in the condiment area but maybe I should have asked for more fresh salsa when they were making it. Also there was some pieces of hard white undercooked rice to chew on. I chalk this up to kinks being worked out in the system until they're on their feet because they're certainly the go to spot here. The price for most meals can be under $10 if you want.
3	It was a gorgeous 70 degrees in Vegas yesterday.  Today it was about 50 degrees. The only thing colder was our food.  This was our first time visiting this small local Las Vegas chain of "quick service" Mexican food restaurants.  After a long morning of braving the cold hiking Red Rock (yes, I'm well aware that it is below zero in Wisconsin ... which is why I don't live there, but that's another story), we were looking forward to warming up with some lunch.   The food choices at "Downtown Summerlin" are rather sparse, and Zaba's won out over Italian.  I ordered the chicken bowl, she had the veggie burrito.   OK, so I'm exaggerating a little when I write that the food was below 50 degrees ... more accurately it was luke warm at best.  Having noticed that the cheese hadn't melted as we paid the cashier, we inquired if the food could be warmed up; a direct "no" was the response.  Alrighty then; at least we knew where we stood on that topic.  Aside from that, it was your average QSR Mexican food.  The food was tasty enough - nothing special, but nothing horrible.  While they served beer, which was a nice touch, it was disappointing that they didn't have a place to recycle the bottles. The restaurant was quite clean, and the staff (although not very helpful) was friendly.   In short, if you're starving, it'll fill you up.  But hopefully as more restaurants open at "Downtown Summerlin", there'll be better options.
5	The food was absolutely amazing here!!  We ordered the fish tacos, suggested by a worker, and they were delicious. The fish was freshly cooked, the sauces and veggies were fresh, and the corn tortillas were tender. While the food was absolutely delicious, we were particularly impressed by one of the workers, Alex. He was quick to suggest good items, kindly inquisitive about our experience and food satisfaction, and clearly dedicated to his job!!!  Great work hiring your staff, Zabas!
4	Came here on a late Sunday night after visiting a few shops nearby. I've never heard of Zaba's and so me and my friend decided to check it out. Right when we walked in, the first thing we had to search for was the menu (which was posted above the kitchen) and to our surprise it was much similar to Chipotle. The line wasn't too long nor too short so we had time to decide what to pick. You can customize your order OR you can pick Zaba's favorite meal(s) that include tacos, burritos, a bowl, quesadilla, nachos and a salad. My friend chooses to customize her 3 carnitas tacos while I chose Doug's Surf and Turf Burrito (one of the favorites- $10). The workers knew what goes inside the Surf and Turf and magically worked on my burrito, putting the necessary ingredients such as the shrimp, potatoes, pico de gallo, guacamole, rice, hot salsa, and steak (talk about a mouth-flavoring burrito!) My friend, on the other hand, had carnitas, corn, pico de gallo, rice and beans on all three of her tacos. The server generously piled the toppings on top of the corn tortillas and my friend couldn't finish her third taco. And as an additional treat (we always get this at Chipotle), we got the Chips and Guacamole ($2.39). Chips had a slight lime flavor and the guacamole wasn't as spectacular as I'd hope so {Chipotle won this round}. Lastly on my receipt, we got 2 large fountain sodas (est. $5). All in all, I paid $24 for a tummy of two and left the restaurant full and satisfied (she's still a chipotle fan-Grrr lol)I see why Zaba's is slowly climbing up to Chipotle not because of similarity, but more of a slight, unique twist it has. Zaba's has more of a kick and spicyness that Chipotle tends to lack and I'm all about full-on flavor. Zaba's also has fish tacos, shrimp tacos, and nacho- which gives a variety of opportunities for those who dread the typical Chipotle meat menu. I'll be coming here more often to explore their menu. Great place to stop by at Downtown Summerlin Mall if you're nearby! Highly recommend =)
2	I'm sad - I have to write that the food at Zaba's was horrible. Dry, stale, withered were the fittest words to describe their food.As much as I wanted to support a local business, I can't just blindly support anything... Simply put, Chipole is better.
3	First of all when me and my wife came over they didn't have chicken ready, so my wife took steak instead, it was so like a chewing gum not a steak !And I have to wait 15 min for them to make it ready and that's was so bad. I'll like this restaurant but not this location for sure
3	Their guacamole is the bomb. Seriously. If you're shopping and need a quick bite, this is your stop!Their booths have outlets on the side, and you can even plug a usb straight into them. VERY convenient. Service was quick, nothing to complain about.
