3	Not one of my favorite coffee places, but I go here pretty frequently because it's walking distance from my house and the next non-big-box coffee house is 25 minutes away. Drinks are adequate, staff is nice, and they also serve Chocolate Shoppe Ice Cream. They've got a fireplace and free wi-fi, so it's a nice place to hang out while having your coffee.
5	Excellent coffe and the blueberry cream Danish is absolutely delicate and to die for! Yummm!
4	I have gotten a handful of different coffee beverages here, and they have all been perfectly fine. Caramel latte, vanilla latte, caramel steamer (yes, there is a theme) - all good. Mostly, lately, I've been going for the ice cream. I take my sons, who are 4 and 7, and we each get a junior scoop. It is around $2 each, and you get a nice-sized serving of delicious ice cream. Beans 'n' Cream carries up to eight flavors (last time they had three) of premium ice cream from Chocolate Shoppe and Sassy Cow (both local). The staff is nice, the place is clean, the women's bathroom has a whimsically painted interior, and the children's play area is better than most (I'd give it a 4/5).
4	It's just about the only coffeehouse and wifi place in the suburb of Sun Prairie.  I don't have kids but the space seems very kid friendly - there's even a kids' play area. The service is friendly, there's usually sufficient AC outlets to plug in a laptop or other device. I've seen the place get very crowded from 8am to 9pm on weekdays, but the patrons thins out by the afternoon stretch.I've also ordered their panini grilled sandwiches, they are nicely boxed "to go" if you ask them, with a side of greens.
4	I haven't had anything bad here yet.  I decided to venture into their breakfast burrito and it was yummy.  The White Shark is great for those who are allergic to chocolate and don't really like a potent coffee taste.   They were really receptive to ideas too!
5	Beans 'n Cream has a pretty nice advantage in Sun Prairie since it is the only coffee shop in the city.  But this does not cause it sit idle and offer low quality coffee or sub par service.The service is always top notch and ever since they switched to Kickapoo coffee, the products have improved.  I'd say I stop here at least twice a week if not more.  Free Wifi, comfy chairs, and cozy fire place all make it a great place to relax and escape from your day.The brew coffee is great!  Always a handful of different types going at any time so even if all you want a is a cup o' joe, you can try something different each time.  The frappes and or hard-to-find cold pressed iced coffee is perfect on a hot day.  Lattes, cappuccinos, and other espresso are great as well.The breakfast sandwiches are huge and filling.They also serve ice cream (hence the cream in Beans 'n Cream).The owners are friendly and often present.  The are very supportive of local activities and frequently feature community artwork on the walls.The only thing I'd like to see improve is the bakery selection.You'd be hard pressed to find another coffee shop open as late as Beans is.  Even compared to Madison.If you need to wake up at 6am or to stay up at 9pm, this is the place.
5	Love the place.  Great coffee and wonderful staff.  Never had a bad experience.
5	We needed to be in Sun Prairie, WI for the day (long story) and thanks to yelp, we found this place.  We liked it a lot and went twice, once in the early morning and once in the afternoon.  My only issue was in the afternoon (2:30pm Monday) the only black tea they had was Earl Grey, so hopefully that was just a fluke.  I enjoyed their breakfast sandwich, and the service too.  In the afternoon I had a scone and it was fresh & good.  They have this great sign by their kids' play area, which I will post here.  I was glad that the kids area was around the corner from the other seating area, so if you don't really feel like being around the kid play area you just sit in the larger front seating area.  The bathrooms were always clean, and the ladies' room has a nice mural.  I appreciated the outlets which were next to many of the seats; we charged up our iPhones.    So thanks to the local Sun Prairie yelpers who reviewed this place so we could find it.  It's a great place.
3	Decent coffee, decent service.....good place to go
4	This place has fantastic service and great coffee (I prefer the ice cream ones...white shark is awesome).  Breakfast is great too.
5	Great place for breakfast sandwiches and the espresso is top notch. We were only in town for the day but we'll be be back if we are ever in Sun Prairie again. Very friendly staff as well. Tea selection could be better but otherwise a great place.
4	This place is great. I was doing some yelping looking for non-chain, but delicious, coffee near where I'm staying in Madison, and found this place. First off it is in an adorable little square in Sun Prairie. I wanted to stay and just hang around, so cute. Also, they have couches and board games. So I also wanted to come back and hang out and relax and play board games. Sadly I had to get back and work, I should have just brought my computer. They have a great selection of coffee and espresso drinks as well as pastries and breakfast sandwiches. I tried an almond scone filled with raspberry jam or something. It was GOOD. Oh boy. I could get on board with one of those every morning. They also had cinnamon rolls that looked incredible (and huge). And they have ice cream. Sold. I just got a drip coffee but it was really tasty. They had a number of selections, probably 5 caffeinated and one decaf. Awesome. I will definitely be back the next time I'm in town. My only beef - no Amex, but I understand, since they're a small business.
5	This is the perfect place to start your mornings.  You are welcomed by a cheerful smile and a warm cup of coffee.  The atmosphere is warm and delightful and filled with inviting conversation. The breakfast burrito is delicious and I found the oatmeal also wonderful. When you visit Beans ' n Cream, tell them the Bow - Tie guy sent me.  Best place on earth for a great mocha .
4	I've only been here once, but I can already tell that Beans 'n Cream is a winner! I was surprised to walk in and see a full menu for breakfast and lunch (lunch is only served on weekdays) in addition to a full coffee menu and ice cream options! They have something for everyone. :)I only had about 15 minutes to spend there, so I ordered a vanilla latte and sat in a comfortable arm chair next to the fireplace to take a short break from my day.Service was great - friendly and quick! I can't wait to go back.
5	My husband and I had the chance to eat breakfast here twice now. They don't have a lot of menu options, but the ones they have don't disappoint! The sprout and deluxe breakfast burrito are both delicious. Also, the egg and cheddar breakfast sandwich was so good. They use 5-year aged sharp cheddar in all three of those dishes and you can tell. They're great!
4	My husband and I stopped here after a long day of house shopping. I ordered the fall/winter special "Jack Frost Latte", my husband ordered the "Tuxedo". I really enjoyed mine. I am always a little leery when trying a new local coffee shop, most of the time they are excellent, but every once in a while they are terrible....Beans and Cream was not one of those. I have since been back three times in the last three weeks. I "work from home" a lot, which means I work from a coffee shop as to not eat all day and watch T.V. This has been my place. All three times the coffee drinks were great. Prepared well, the coffee smooth. I have eaten lunch here as well. That also did not disappoint. I ordered the quiche, my husband ordered the pulled pork sandwich. I liked mine, it was good, but his was better. More filling (thats what I get for ordering quiche). Other fun perks of B and C:  - You can get local ice cream there - You can buy local craft/art items from local artists in the area  - There are fresh flowers on the table from a florist down the street - children's play area  - you can purchase out of the ordinary seeds there If you come to visit me I will probably take you here.
4	I like the atmosphere at this coffee shop.  The warm fireplace is always accessible and cozy to sit by.  I love the lively colors and decor in this place, always cheers me up.  And the food is very delicious HOWEVER I like my coffee much stronger than they make it here.  I usually get the Prairie Dirt because they tell me it's the darkest.  But I like mine to have a good kick to it!!!
5	Beans 'n Cream is outstanding. I was looking for a place to grab some brunch, I stumbled upon Beans 'n Cream on Yelp and decided to give it a try. I was not disappointed, in fact I was very impressed. Not only did they make my grilled breakfast burrito from scratch, they also mixed me a 100% pure coconut-banana-pineapple smoothie that was simply orgasmic. I highly recommend the place if you're looking for a decent meal and/or beverage for great prices. Tucked away in the Cannery Square plaza in Sun Praire in front of a nice fountain, the atmosphere was very welcoming. The woman who took my order was extremely friendly and welcoming. I will be going back! (I ordered a Deluxe Breakfast Burrito without mayo, and a pineapple-coconut smoothie with banana. The meal was so satisfying, I decided to make it my first Yelp review!)
5	Best breakfast burritos.  I had about given up on this, because of the clueless and tasteless offerings from other restaurants.  Best coffee.Sometimes they will lose track of your order, but this is easily fixed, and I will keep coming back.
5	Staff is fantastic!  They know how to make an excellent espresso.  The atmosphere is comfortable, free wi-fi.  Cell phone reception is very poor inside the building, but then you don't have to listen to others talking on their phones.  They really personalize the experience compared to chain coffee houses.
5	I love this place!  Beans'n'Cream is my go to place for everything from a hot cup of joe to a delicious lunch!  The atmosphere is great!  I love the local, small coffee shop feel.  And like many others have said it is like Cheers - a place where everyone knows your name.  I love coming to Beans'n'Cream.  I cannot say enough good about this place.  The staff is amazing!  I have days where I walk in & I tell them I don't know what I want (drink wise) and they make me a "surprise".  I love it!  It is a great way for me to try new things.  The food is great as well - I highly recommend the breakfast burritos.  I am constantly talking about Beans'n'Cream and I recommend it to EVERYONE, the young & the old.  :)
5	Best coffee place in all of Sun Prairie and maybe even Wisconsin.
5	I love beans!
5	Local coffee shop in the cute little strip downtown sun prairie. I had a peppermint mocha.. It took a little longer to get mine ready.. I want to say I waited about 15 mins. Then I sat down on a table by the window and started working away on my laptop. There're probably only 10 tables in the coffee shop. I guess most ppl who come here just sip and go.. Rather than ones spending hours doing work like the ones (aka me) in downtown Madison. I also noticed families with kids coming here and the fireplace cleverly divides the seating area to give us less noise. Coffee wise.. They used ghirardelli syrup and the coffee was delicious!
4	A neat place, though nothing that especially "blows my mind".  I haven't even had a decent hot chocolate there.Friendly staff and warm atmosphere.  I like that they utilize local sources for their dairy and coffee.
4	I just gave their sandwich and soup combo a try.  Such fantastic flavors, a sweet corn and bean soup topped with guacamole and a Pork and Ham sandwich.  Great combination...oh and I got a small side salad with it too.  All for a fantastic price (under ten dollars with a soda)!
5	Reminds me of The Village Blend a coffee house in Cleo Coles coffee house mysteries. Great coffee..grind their own beans..
5	Love, love, love this local coffee shop.  Fabulous coffee, great selection of tea, and a delicious small menu of breakfast and lunch items.  Everything is fresh and well made.  Atmosphere is cozy with a fireplace, small children's play area, outside seating as well as couches / upholstered chairs / standard tables & chairs.  Service is friendly, too.
5	We are here visiting family (we're from Los Angeles) ... Trying to find a local breakfast place that has something that resembles a vegan meal isn't easy, so we decided to check this place out. When we're in Wisconsin, we eat dairy, so the 'bowl breakfast' minus the eggs was a good fit.After sitting with our coffee for about five minutes, one of the staff came over with our food and cash -- she said it took too long for our food to arrive so they were giving us back our money. That happens in LA -- like ... NEVER!We hope to make it back again before we go home.Really great little place!
5	Had their Bird Street Turkey sandwich on multigrain and it was fantastic!  I also tried their Honey Bee iced latte which is honey and cinnamon and it was great too!  It is nice that they have a macchiato on the menu and it is an actual macchiato instead of like Starbucks which is basically a latte.
5	The Midwest is a lovely part of the world, but if you're a strong coffee lover, it can be challenging. Beans 'n Cream to the rescue! Not only is the coffee actually strong, but they often have flavorful varieties to try. Today's' was fragrant and caffeine charged! As you'd expect in Wisconsin, the people are super nice. Beans n Cream open early, even on Sunday morning, and have excellent pastries. I'm from NYC and the croissants are much better in Beans n Cream than any in NYC. The owners are sweet and generous people and they attract a nice community of Sun Prairie folks. This is my outpost when I visit relatives in the Midwest. : ) They have free wifi but few plugs, so come fully charged and you're good to go.
