2	bad customer service !!!! this wendy's @ this location is a fucking joke excuse my language but its the truth.. the bitches there are so freak in lazy so is management.. well the time of my wendy's experience was about 1:30pm thursday august 07/2008 at the north las vegas location..  this is what happened first i went through the drive th ru to place my order , my order was chic nuggets , jr bcb , fresh french fries. the bitch act like she could not here me so i took my ass inside.. place the same order so the lady who was taken the order at the drive th ru heard me placing my order with the cashier in the front so she starts to give me my same order .. so i ask her if my fries are fresh , she said " what" i ask her again , she act like she did not understand so i had to break the definition down to her , fresh meaning just came out of the oil .. she said i know what it means " the bitch didn't act like she knew what it meant.. always a instant attitude at this location all the time , when i request fresh fries what is the problem i am paying my money for fresh fries i already know that its going to be a 2min wait who cares.. and of coarse the bitch was black ... black with an attitude .. i never have this problem at macdonald's , kfc when i want something fresh i already know there's going to be an automatic wait.. this location is always a problem very bad service .. there was about 5 black girls working with attitudes. even the manager had an attitude. the cashier inside who took my order was very nice and polite.. i even tipped her $3.00 management/employeesneed to go back to customer service training..  .. what employees are really to comfortable and  forgot how to treat the customers.. time for them to go..there giving wendys a bad rep..corporate needs to come and do a sweep..sincerelydisgruntled customernorth las  vegas nvwendy's 1301 w craig rd, north las vegas, nv 89032
1	I usually post some place that's worth going, but this is a place I have to fore-warn you about.First, bad customer service.  Wrong me the order, then made me wait 15 minutes for a hamburger since everything is frozen solid.  No apology from the manager, and didn't even notify me the ETA of my burger.2nd, their "FRESH" salad is rock solid.  If you want "FRESH" frozen salad, this is the place to be.  3rd, I would not go to any Wendy's anymore unless Dave comes out personally and apologize to customers they've pissed off!
1	This location is total crap. Staff sucks, leave your attitude at the door. Also, I found a dead fly on my ceaser side salad! Absolutely disgusting!
1	Dont waste your time. The girl behind the counter was incredibly rude for no apparent reason, because you work at a  fast food joint and didn't amount to anything don't take it out on me.First I asked if they had a military discount cause every other wendys does and she said no with an attitude. Second i ordered two meals and she kept getting it wrong. It took her 3 tries. Then when she made the drinks she slammed them on the counter almost spilling them. You would think that her seeing me by myself with two orders she might offer a drink carrier but no, so i ask for one and she just tosses it on the counter. Once i get my food i asked for ketchup she gave me 1 packet so i asked for some more packets she walks away and comes back with 1 more packet. Worst lunch ever
1	One of the worst Wendy's locations in Las Vegas.  I can not remember them ever getting my order right from leaving out things to forgetting straws and napkins.  I get the impression they just don't care at all.  Bad customer service.  Dirty bathrooms.  The place is ghetto.  Do not go there.  I wish it was better, but it's just not.  You are much better off going to Arbys or anywhere.
5	We have been here about three times in the last 6 weeks or so and so far everything has been great. Great service and fast service. Don't believe all the bad reviews you're seeing here. Go there and enjoy!!!
1	Food poison!
2	Typical Wendy's menu. They don't have a breakfast menu just their usual menu. I asked for a small soda and got charged $1.99 for a fountain drink that on their sign says $1.50. Watch out their sneaky..
1	Ok so I have been to one, yes only one wendys thats is great. U fortunately its in el paso. This location just serves food that seems as though it has been sitting in a warmer before you get served. I get the pretzel cheeseburger and the two times I've ordered it, the bun has been hard/stale,  the burger is not juicy at all,  and usually everything is nowhere on the bun and is all over the box. Same goes for the new bbq burgers, for $4 something the burger is a sad excuse. The burger is a mess and everything was all over the burger box, same goes for the other burgers. To me its crazy, I understand time is money but some companies need to grasp quality control and remember how they did things in thw first place to get to where they are now. If you are going to sacrifice quality for quantity with poor craftsmanship then ill move on to the next fast food burger place that does. Ill recommend passing on this wendys and give someplace else your business as in my opinion wendys doesn't care of what product you get.
