1	Ordered oysters which were very fresh. The veal chop was horribly cooked - medium throughout but completely rare towards the bone (indicates it was frozen prior to cooked). Also got the neptune platter which had an assortment of apps - it was horrible, scallops dry, tataki was dry without taste, shrimp was cooked on the outside but not the inside. This was very disappointing.Service was horrible and waiter was very argumentative when we brought to his attention the veal chop and in fresh seafood. This place is a big no. I would not recommend going to this place unless you plan to get sick from eating the horrible seafood.
1	Been there 4 years ago. was expecting the same treatment. but NOT. Ask for a rare steak and they bring a really cook steak to me. Me and my boyfrienf wasnt happy . i was waiting for the waitress to ask how the meal was, if we like the plate. Didnt even bother or past by. maybe beacause she was busy to pamper her chic looking customer in the other table. Anyways i will never go back there because u got forget if u dun look like a rich old person. Terrible... go the check 127.93 dollars leave 18 dollars tips. we left a decent tips even all of that we had tell the waitress after paying the bill she just got nicer when she was what we tips her. what a shame.  Will never go back there. i think u can get better meal and service somewhere else.
1	A one-star blah. This place will be closed down and forgotten before the coffee is served. Let me premise this by saying I'm not one of those usual review whiners that can't find anything good about anywhere. La Coupole was simply disappointing. When we walked in, I thought that it would be such a fine, impressive place to bring out-of-town, business guests. However, the food and service did not live up to the standards of the atmosphere and the hotel it's attached to. We went as a group of about twelve guests for a business lunch today. A few of us ordered the catch of the day, which was the red snapper. However, it was so flavourless and tough that it tasted like the catch of yesterday. The parsnips that came with it were tasty though. Two people ordered the hanger steak, which presented beautifully and looked delicious, but they both said their meat was cold. Some of the waitstaff were nice, one seemed very inexperienced and a couple of others seemed snooty and apathetic. One served my salad in front of me, then without asking if  I'd ordered it, took it away and gave it to someone else. I even stopped him to ask him why he was doing that, yet he ignored me and continued on serving it to the other individual. They only offered us coffee and tea after we were almost through dessert. I'll be recommending to my colleagues and friends that they go elsewhere. This town is too big for below average in a pricey `n pretty package.
3	This a very nice restaurant for a business meeting.  They have a Table d'hote for lunch which always has a good selection.  Portions sizes are just right for lunch.   Its not a bustling noisy restaurant, so good atmosphere to have a conversation without yelling!
4	Hidden inside the gorgeous Le Crystal Hotel and Spa is a gem of restaurant called La Coupole. I would recommend their Table d'hote which is three course menu at a set price with great selections and variations. They have wonderful terrace and if you have lunch around 1 pm, it is not as crowded and service is actually decent. Great little spot for business lunch.
4	The room has a beautiful ambiance. Service is changeable, I'm a semi-regular and it is the luck of the draw.I've enjoyed several brunches here and had a disappointing Easter brunch.Overall, the good outweighs the bad experiences I've had in this dining room, so I will be back.
3	Gah , I don't know what to say about this place in all honestly . Fact is the first time I came here back in 2011, I had lunch et with a peer and it was a completly amazing experience filled with good food.This was not the case on my second experience as I've been disappointed by the food. My salad accompanied by deer meat was okay . However , the main plate did not respond to my expectations as I had brunch previously with a friend back in 2011.Fact is my meat tasted extremely salty due to the sauce which really was not pleasant, especially when it covered the asparaguses and pretty much ruined the vegetables. As a result , I was not really satisfied about this main dish, especially for that price .Anyway , La Coupole really screwed up this time , but will I give them another chance? Most likely as the service was excellent. Nonetheless , it is important to note the food proportion which is mediocre and that it is still a pricey restaurant.
