5	Alright, so you can get coffee anywhere, right? Then let's talk about everything else....You really can't beat the friendly baristas and great customer service at this location.I've been a regular here for a few years now and for good reason! Besides it's convienient location, they are SUPER fast when making drinks and if there's a line it moves pretty quickly. And the staff, I cannot say enough good things about them! They are all super nice and always have a smile on my face. Be warned though, it does get very busy here in the morning so make sure to allow yourself enough time if you are heading to work.They've got a great patio too that expands around the whole building!Sometimes, too, they'll be able to tell if I want an extra espresso shot in my drink even before I've said so. Haha!
2	The coffee is fine, I stop into this location several times a week simply because I work in this mall...the service however, is slow. They're all (mostly) nice. But it should not take you 10 minutes to give me my grande latte when I'm the only person in the store. Also, I'm in there, as i said, several times a week and I always order the same thing...they have yet to remember me; and I wear a nametag.
5	Ok Every Starbucks have a great coffee, tea, great snacks and free WiFi, but this one is special one (in a positive way) and I would drive to here although I have other Starbucks on a walking distance cuz of the great patio that they have.It's in the mall, and always crowded with nice people, I've met few nice friends here. The best thing about it is that they have outlets for laptop chargers next to every table outside (unlike other starbucks who dont have outlets on their patio's), which makes this place smokers paradise :)The mistes on the patio are on all the time during hot AZ summers, and it's real refreshing experience having your coffe and do some work on your laptop here.WiFi is fast and reliable too.
2	Baristas here are friendly & nice. No problem with my drink. But I have a problem with the set-up. There's no indoor seating. While there's lot of outdoor chairs/tables many smokers are usually lighting up which makes it hard to just study/relax.It's connected to the mall, so I'm guessing most people aren't sitting & lounging, but most likely are just getting coffee and heading back to work.No drive-thru option.Plenty of parking since it's connected to the mall but that's also a problem since it can be crowded on weekends.
3	Due to it's odd location at Fashion Square Mall, you are required to play Frogger with your life in order to get inside. This is because its in the center of a main mall entrance with the rest of the store surrounded by a valet setup. Once you make it indoors, you will notice that there is absolutely zero seating inside and in my case, a very long line. The staff was very friendly and fast. They get the orders and decent drinks out fast. There are also bathrooms located here so no need to run into the mall.Although there is no seating indoors, there is a huge patio that you can sit on with comfy cushioned (and non-cushioned) chairs. Yes, my friends, this is an option for you to choose while you sip on your $5 beverage and inhale motor vehicle fumes. On the patio plus, they do have fans on one side of the patio while on the other they have hanging heaters.
5	It is the STAFF that makes this place unreal!   We go there a couple times a week and they always know our names and drinks....in a genuine real way.  Super clean and the drinks are always spot on.  A great example of  Starbucks done right!
5	Good service!  Good location!
3	Not my favorite valley star bucks but okay. The drinks are good, the baristas are friendly and do a nice job.  The layout is odd.   The patio usually smells like dog do and it has very limited seating. Also, the misters drench you. There is a better location in Hilton village or in Old Town.
4	The drinks are good, the baristas are friendly and do a nice job. I love the staff. They make me smile every day!   The layout odd. No inside seating and limited outside seating.
5	[Out-of-Towner-Review]This by far is my favorite Starbucks (maybe ever)......simply because they hung a huge SF Giants flag right above their barista drink-making machine area! Flying the Orange and Black pride, like nobody's business.They didn't mess up my simple iced coffee w/ soy and one pump classic, so that's another bonus. The Barista's were cordial and busy, but isn't that how all Starbucks tend to be?!?That flag, it got me!
2	ZERO indoor seating! Outdoor seating is next to the valet parking section, so there is constant roar of motors and a gasoline stench that just seems to hang over area. And cigarette smoke? Yeah, lots of that. LOTS! A nice combo.The staff is not that friendly and they all seem to look quite dirty. Not sure what the standards are for presentation to the public, but of them could use a good clean. Yuk. The lines can be very long - I don't know why!?  - and I would only go to this location if you were really, really desperate.
4	This location is great if you are at the mall and need a pick me up or want a drink / snack.  The staff is nice and the drinks are consistent.  They do not have any indoor seating, but have plenty of spaces outside.  It's a good spot to people watch and hang out for a bit if the weather is nice enough.  It does have fans and misters in the summer, and it's under an overhang, so it's shady, but the heat can get overwhelming in mid-summer, but you can always just walk over to the A/C inside the mall.  Overall: B+Decent location for the chain, good outdoor seating if the weather is right, but only come here if you are going to the mall, otherwise it'd be a difficult in / out trip.
4	Tucked away and somewhat hidden this Starbucks has good service and friendly staff. Yes some reviewers are correct that there is no indoor seating but the cars driving by are not that much of a distraction. Overall good place.
3	We've been to this Starbucks a few times when we go to the Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall. It's pretty smile on the inside and always packed. The service is typical for Starbucks, but the seating arrangement is slightly different. This one has far more seating outside as opposed to the usual Starbucks which has more seating inside. The outdoor seating is in a nice little breeze way of the mall, however there is a lot of vehicle noise because there's a valet parking area right there. There are a lot of comfortable benches and tables outside though, which makes it nice for sitting and enjoying the breeze on a nice day. The area is shaded as well, which helps.
5	Great location and great environment. A little problem might be majority of the people shopping in the mall don't have a clue this chic coffee shop is right outside. The staff could not have been and friendlier. The service was fast and the barista knew exactly what I wanted and how to prepare it to my liking. I would recommend anybody who would want to hangout or come have their favorite coffee at this location. Sofas and chairs are provided outside with shading. Let's not forget the free wifi for those of you who are saving their data. Lol.
4	Typical Starbucks located conveniently in Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall, decided to caffeinate (it's not a word, but it should be) myself before shopping.Pretty small location, but has plenty of outdoor seating in and out of the sun. There's no indoor seating though! Ordered my typical Iced Caramel Macchiato and it came out in a timely manner. Really clean, stocked and filled with Starbucks goodies you can pick up.
3	No indoor seating? WTF? Took order right made drink wrong. Ugh. Lots of outdoor seating if you like sitting in the heat and smelling car exhaust fumes continuously. No thanks.
5	Great coffee and mocha lots of snacks very clean fast moving line Starbucks the best for a quick wake up
