5	My kids are a HUGE fan of this carwash, they actually ask me to go so they can play in the cool kids area and with the foam canon they can aim at cars going through the wash. Not to mention my van comes out sparkling clean :)
5	I've finally found my car wash home. In the 10 years I've lived in Arizona, I've complained about the car washes - they won't stop hounding you with up-sells, it takes forever, they are a zoo, they are expensive, etc. Road Runner Express is ahhh-mazing! I drove right up, paid a couple dollars on an easy to use machine that talks to you very nicely. I pulled forward and a man directed me to be sure my tire was in the right place. He gave me a little wet cloth to wipe the dash and an air freshener. The automatic wash took me through the process and then towards the end, as I was in the drying stage, off to my right was a sign to text roadrunner to get signed up for coupons. So, I texted for coupons while being dried (genius). Afterwards I turned the corner into an abundance of free vacuum cleaners. I'll definitely be using my buy 4 get the 5th free card and may even sign up for monthly unlimited washes for $14. woo hoo!
5	Love this car wash.  The price is right, the service is always good and the vacums actually work (unusual for a car wash)
4	Love this wash, convenient and good value. My car always has water drops so the dryer works on about 90% of my car. I don't expect much better than that for a non-towel dry car wash. Vacuums really suck up all the crap! Thx roadrunner!
5	How did I not know about this place sooner? I had a dr. apt in the area and looked on Yelp for a good car wash and found this gem. This is definitely my new go-to car wash for when I don't have an hour to wait around and just want my car cleaned fast. This place is hidden behind the Valero gas station by Costco. I've driven by it tons of times but always thought it was part of the gas station. It's not. I guess I just assumed it was kind of pricey since they don't have a large sign advertising their low cost like most cheap car wash places do. The lowest price is $4.99, the same price I used to pay for a car wash in Old Town. However, you get a free wet cloth to wipe down the interior of your car and free vacuum usage. What a deal! My rims were looking a bit dirty so I opted for the $0.99 upgrade of a tire shine too. Even their most expensive option is only $9.99, $1 more than Costco down the street. I was surprised that there weren't a ton of water spots left on my car since it wasn't hand dried. Whenever I used to leave my car wash place, there were always tons of streaks. There were still some dirt left on my car from bird poop and bugs but that's to be expected. It's been a while since I got my car washed. Cheap, quick, and easy... how car washes should be.
3	I've been here twice now and I'm torn on how many stars to give. The first time I really liked the carwash. It was quick and easy and left my car clean. I also really like all the marketing material they use - the punch card says something along the lines of 'We'd really love to see you again - are we moving too fast for you?' I think it's funny, quirky, and catchy. That's why I went back a second time. The second time everything was just as great as before, except right before my car was about to get dried, it got stuck! The track kept trying to push me forward but I wasn't going anywhere. It was scary! I've never had this happen to me before at any car wash. I kept waiting, hoping an attendant would come or a loud speaker would tell me what to do... but nothing. Then I saw a car coming up from behind. I put my car in Drive and drove off. Maybe this was a onetime occurrence or who knows? I'm a little nervous to go back, but that might change.
4	After the dust storm two weeks ago, the Monday morning drive to work was fraught with embarrassment as it looked like everyone had gotten around to washing my car except for me. I did a yelp search for places to get a quick wash done and Road Runner was the nearest location. I went during my lunch break and it was an easy find. I decided to get the gold wash and was pleased with how my car turned out. I also like that you can come back within 3 days for a free wash if it rains/nature happens.
5	What's not to love, super easy carwash. Nice staff and very seldom have anything not work perfectly. You drive through a tunnel yourself then you dry if you'd like after, "free sucky vacuums" too! The spot free does a great job and the materials used on their washing curtains is super gentle on paint. Good for car enthusiasts like me that don't have a place to wash their car at home due to pesky HOA rules.
5	Nice, clean, fast car wash.  Can get a wash for as little as $5.  Vacuums actually work if you would like to vacuum out your car after the wash.  I have never waited in line and the attendants are always friendly.  Car turns out really clean.  Well worth the $.
