3	This was my first festival action in Arizona and it had mixed results. Admission was free with my coupon, but only $3 per person normally, so not too bad. The festival is behind the church, parking is limited, but plenty of street spots within about 3-4 blocks of all the action. Most all the vendors and even the patrons at this greek fest were really friendly. There was music (live band), greek dancing (alot) and plenty of food and drink all at really reasonable prices. The church was also open to the public and about 75% of the food was served indoors in the gym. Now, i talked to a few organizers and these recipes are from somebody's grandmother at the Big Fat Greek restaurant chain. Well, I think granny might have been drinking too much wine that night because there were a few unusual varieties of the greek staples.Mousaka - the twist - red pepper flakes, unexpected and had some good heat, but not sure that belongs in this dish. Still, the best thing we sampled at $4 a chunk.Spanakopita - the twist - cottage cheese thrown in with the normal feta and spinach. Not bad, but unusual. Huge slice for $5.Dolmathes - not good at all, leaves were tough and unable to cut through and filling tasted like unknown meat.Saganaki - slightly overpriced at $6 per cheeese slice, this was a great and greasy treat. Fried Cheese with brandy and some lemon juice. Top notch, but needed to be more well done.Rice with Lemon Sauce - ExcellentBaklava- the twist - too much cinnamon. Not the best ever, but a decent ending. Bigger festivals might have more choices, but this place is great because it remains small and inexpensive and its a fun way to spend about 2-3 hours.
4	This is a cute little festival.  It is held in March.  Went there in March 2013.  The food is good.  It is simple, but nice.
2	Very small affair. Food overpriced, as expected, but not any better than restaurants where you'll get more for less. Mostly booths selling stuff, including timeshare!!  Yes, timeshare!  I thought that was kinda tacky.  There are some dance exhibitions, but not continuous. About every 90 minutes.  They have 5-yr old kids who can't really dance (they're only 5!!).  They're relying on the cute factor, but I'd rather have seen some real dancers.  Greek coffee is interesting.Fortunately I had a coupon so didn't have to pay the admission.  They've been doing this a long time, and it seems everybody has heard of it.  But I was mostly underwhelmed.
4	A great way to spend a few hours each season. This year the organizers got smart and put a large tent in the center over the band and communal eating/seating area. A friend plays in Grecian Express, the resident Greek band. They are always fantastic. The dancers from different churches and organizations on the hour are great as well. I especially love watching the community dance together and bring in some of us non-Greeks! (weekend Greeks!) Next year I will get smart and bring in a water bottle or Big gulp, since water and soda are $2 each and its hot outside! Never enough beverage. It was also cool that the beer tent had the Cards game on.The food is always great. The pork souvlaki was tasty, as was the saganaki and the loukamades. The vendors are friendly, and the wares fresh. A bit pricey, but worth it.What I wish there was more of is traditional vendors. There was a lot of unrelated junk, such as Mexican junk toys, cable service and some taxi service. I liked the traditional clothing, olive oil and honey. Every other non-food booth was really unrelated to the event.All in all, you should take an hour or two to check this out and enjoy the culture and fun!
