5	Ok....I tend to blow up my computers....(multiple monitor crazy setup) which I did....and these guys had the patience to do EVERYTHING it took to get me back in business.  Thanks guys....besides they are good people and easy to deal with!
5	I went here to get a computer for my husband many years ago and when I was in need of another, after moving half way across the country, I still contacted them and they were amazing at finding what I needed and getting it to me.  Very nice, professional and great prices!
5	I first start going to CompuDoc in 2008. There hasn't been a problem they couldn't fix, even when it was something they had never seen before. I am not computer savvy, and I swear I have the kind of energy that can ruin anything electronic so I am great-full to have CompuDoc on speed dial. They are patient, efficient, and have made my computer life 100% better.
5	I consider myself pretty computer savvy - I'm a blogger, programmed my old original website in HTML and do digital artwork and sound editing for fun.  When my roommate's secondhand laptop arrived loaded with viruses, bots, and useless software to beat the band, I reformatted it and reinstalled windows.  When there were drivers missing and I couldn't even connect to the internet via cable I realized that it would be far less stress to go to a location where they had the necessary upgrades and drivers than to mull through it online, throw it on a flash, load it onto the computer and hope it was the right one or that I didn't need another complimentary driver or two to get done what I needed to do.  So I saw Yelp's glowing reviews of Compudoc and took myself over there.  Interesting space, older Vegas home transformed into an office.  A gentleman and a girl chatted with me a bit and he pretty much fixed everything as well as saw a potential problem that was right on the money (that my wi-fi encryption was going to be a hurdle for it this older model's internet capabilities so he upgraded it).He did 45 minutes worth of work and charged me half an hour and foresaw some future problems.  Easy to talk to and affordable.  Hopefully will not need to, but if I do I will definitely visit again.
5	I was lost when my son spilled something in my computer. Later found out it was some sort of cola drink. Thought it was unsalvagable till I brought it to Compudoc. They diagnosed the problem and had it up and running within the week. They were fast, honest, and right on when they gave me an estimate and parts to replace and repair. Very professional and gracious. Saved me from buying a new computer.Would definitely go back if I need any computer repaired.
5	Love this place.  Service was great, and prices are fair.  They gave me a trade in for my broken laptop, and I left with a new one! Ill definitely recommend this place to my friends for all their computer needs!
5	Gareth is absolutely AMAZING. When I was blessed to find him I was so desperate to get my data recovered so I could get back to work. He was kind enough to stay open later than his business hours for me to come in and bring my laptop to him and he had my computer back to me working like a charm in less than 24 hours. He was so compassionate to my situation. He knew exactly what was wrong and exactly what to do to fix it. I've been looking for someone knowledgeable for many, many years here in Vegas to fix my computer. I've been ripped off so many times by people who claim to be computer repair technicians only to have them come to my house, charge me by the hour, and make ME pay while they look up the solutions to the issues online. Gareth is so far above this, it's incredible. I will never take my computers anywhere else. After 21 + years in this town, I have finally found exactly who I need to handle any computer problems I have. Thanks again Gareth. I don't know what I would have done without your help!
5	Whenever you get a great service and a wonderful attitude at a very fair price, you can't help but be happy and satisfied as a customer. Gareth was Superb!  Highly recommended because he's knowledgeable and didn't try to upsell me or worse!Easy to find location.
5	I have taken my computer here only twice but I was extremely happy both times.  This time I took my computer to Friendly Computers in Centennial Hills first.  My computer was running slowly and they charged me $99.99 to "clean up" my system.  It ran better for a little while and then after a while windows wouldn't load anymore.  I took it back and they wanted to charge me $169.99 this time.  I was assured both times that both of my hard drives were healthy.  I didn't pay the $169.99, I took it to CompuDoc.  They charged me $55.00 and informed me that my 2nd hard drive was bad.  As soon as they disconnected it, my system was fine.  It is running faster than ever.  I'll never go to Friendly Computers again.
4	To keep it short and sweet. My first visit with computer doc,I was  impressed overall, quick turn around,fair price. If and when I need computer  work again compudoc  it will be.
5	Found them on Yelp and if I could add a sixth star I would.  Quick repair on my son's MacBook Pro (broke the LCD inside but not the screen).  I am great with computers and even repair and upgrade my own but this repair I did not feel comfortable doing.  Pricing was great as well as customer service.  I have 7 computers at home and definitely will use them when things go bad.Thank you!
5	Gareth knows his stuff and is very fair and clear on fees and repair! My PC crashed and could not be booted up no matter what I tried. I called and brought my PC to Compudoc's shop. Gareth explained to me the diagnostic process and when I called back he explained to me that my PC was overheating and damaged one of the two memory chips. Eventually a clean-up was done, the bad chip removed. It now runs without a hitch on 4GB, and without the high-speed pitching noise from the fan.  It was a scary experience (my last backup was done a year ago!) and Gareth did a superb job fixing the problem and saved my day. Highly recommended for anyone having PC issues.  For sure this shop is going to be my IT support in Vegas.
5	Excellent! The price was more than fair - AND, Gareth took the time to explain everything that he was doing. In fact, I would say that I was given a 45 dollars computer lesson for free! It was great to have my laptop (Returned on the same day!)And it was great to work with a technician that took  the time to explain what he was doing, why he was doing it, etc! Am I a fan? Absolutely! I'll be back!
5	This is the second time i've been here to compudoc and garreth and the team always help me with my computer troubles. very reliable experts they have here and i highly recommend.Thanks,
5	I've never had to bring a computer to a shop before so I used yelp and found compudoc. I explained to Gareth what my problem was and he was friendly and thorough and took time to explain everything to me. Gareth was alot of help, very knowledgeable and experienced and I will be returning for anything I need in the future.
5	Gareth solved a problem that 8 days of Microsoft tech, Level 2 Techs and several supervisors and managers could not solve. I experienced an outlook issue and called and paid for Microsoft support.  The first tech then "fixed" my computer but when the program ended. All of my emails were gone. After I spoke with Gareth on the phone, I visited his store and advised the issue and that I worked for myself.  He then asked if he could call me at home that night and review things which are not the norm. He also said he would take the work home because of the urgency. I received several calls from him that night and then a call early the next morning.  My outlook was corrupted but he was able to recover 98% of my much needed information. I picked up my computer that afternoon from Chris after it loaded and spoke with Gareth on phone thereafter to thank him.  Highly recommend Gareth and his company for being honest and delivering more than I thought was possible.
5	I've been dealing with Gareth for a couple years. He is very to the point and usually knows exactly what's going on with your computer right from the start. He has many years experience and I believe this is always worth your time since the efficiency of what he can do will be worth the money. Don't bother getting half ass customer service from these big retail places, get the full experience of a professional. GO TO COMPUDOC!
5	Wow, Gareth and crew really know their stuff! I fancy myself a computer guy, and even double as a Linux Systems Administrator in my current job, but couldn't for the life of me figure out what was making my computer go so slow. Prior to booting the computer up, Gareth and one of the other employees already had a couple of guesses based on the symptoms I gave them. They had to hold my computer overnight, but in less than 20 hours I was called with the exact problem and a solution. It turns out my hard drive was busted from general wear and tear (I've had the thing for exactly 5 years) and Gareth gave me a few options on how to fix it. He has a very reasonable price plan for diagnostics, labor, and parts, but in the end I figured it's time to put this outdated hunk of technology out to pasture. From what he told me, he also helps with tablets/phones and does windows/macs. We have a variety of all of these in our house and now I know where to go if any of these start giving me issues. I live in the centennial area and have been severely burned by the repair shops up here (I'm look at you Friendly Computers and Laptop Xchange), so it was a breath of fresh air to find Compudoc. Who would have thought there could be an honest, skilled, and reasonably priced service anywhere in this town? By the end of my time, I was merely charged for the diagnostic for my system (no hidden fees or upselling). I really appreciate how quick this service went while not sacrificing quality along the way. I will definitely be back to the Compudoc the next time my computer gets sick.
5	I had two broken laptops for over a year I took thim to a couple different repair places and was told I could get your new laptops for less money than it would cost to repair them. 24 hours 260 later and I am up and running with two laptops thank you very much for all of your help these guys are awesome
5	Flat rate, no surprises, same day service, better than factory new. Don't drop your laptop, kids! But if you do, take it here for repairs.
5	I was new in town and my computer broke, oh my god what now.  I checked Yelp and found Gareth.  I feared being overcharged and without my computer for weeks.  Gareth fixed it in five minutes and charged me $25, what a blessing to find this place.
5	Stressed out & getting an extension for my taxes because my computer had a virus.. I had made an appointment with the "geek squad" to take my laptop in for repairs, they quoted me $200. I went on Yelp to call around to see if I could get a less expensive price. COMPUDOC was the second company that I called, they quoted me a better price and they were just off the 95 on Jones. I took it in within the hour and I had my laptop back the following day. I was also having problems with Adobe and they fixed that too. I'm glad that I found a place to take my computer to be fixed and serviced! They are very professional and they know their stuff!
5	Once again, Gareth came to the rescue. I called at around 11 AM and he sent someone to my home and by 1 PM my computer was working perfectly. I would never EVER go to anyone else. Thanks again so much Gareth and the kind fellows who came to my house and fixed my computer!
5	My husband's older laptop failed to boot-up on a Friday morning.  My husband used this laptop for software development and it had been three days since he last backed-up the memory.  We took the laptop to CompuDoc for a diagnostic and emphasized to Tony that our main concern was getting the data off the hard-drive so my husband would not lose any of his work.  Within about 90 minutes after dropping off the laptop, Tony called and said the motherboard not worth repairing or replacing, especially since it was an older computer.  However, he could transfer the data off the hard drive to an external drive, and then we would be able to put the data on a new laptop.  We purchased an external drive and gave it to Tony on Saturday.Tony started the transfer of all the laptop's hard drive data on Saturday but it had not been completed by Monday morning when he thought it would be ready. On Monday, my husband was able to work with Tony to just transfer the files he needed to the external drive.  Although Tony quoted us $55 for the diagnostic and $55 for the data transfer, he only charged us $44 due to the delay and because we used our "Angie's List" coupon.We felt that Tony was straight with us and concerned about providing us the best advice for our situation, and very accommodating to our needs and was extremely fair with his pricing.  We would definitely use CompuDoc services again.
5	Bad CPU and I was stressing about where to take my PC. Like many people I"ve been ripped off before. Work that was never done, parts that were never replaced.The guys at Compudoc were very friendly and knowledgeable. I thought about doing the repair myself, but Compudoc charged me a very reasonable price for the CPU and installation. Twenty minutes after arriving the CPU had been replaced and I was on my way. I'm very happy with the service as well as the pricing.
5	They brought my laptop back to life. I thought I would have to throw my laptop that I bought 2 years ago away, but they were able to save it. After bringing it into the shop, 2 short days, I was able to use my laptop that I thought I was finally going to have to part with. It runs perfectly, like new! Thanks Compudoc!
