3	Popped in here about noon on a Friday afternoon. First off, the counter is a little disorganized. I couldn't tell where the line began and where it ended. The staff also seemed new, and not at all prepared for the lunch rush. While my name is clearly "Ben", the cashier seemed to have heard "Matt" but at least she got my sandwich right. I ordered my standard: a medium "bobbie" with cheese. I've got to say that I've had this sandwich probably 4 times now at other Capriotti's, and this was the driest that it has ever come. A sandwich that features stuffing, bread and dry turkey better have some mayo on it. Otherwise, your mouth will be left drier than Britney Spears' concert calendar. The sandwich is still quite filling and the three stars was really for this particular rendition of it. The other sandwiches from the Sahara off-the-Strip Cap's have been phenomenal.
4	If you are looking for a delicious sandwich shop that's a step above the ordinary Subway and Quizmo's, then Capriotti's is the place to go. The first time I walked into this place, the staff behind the counter was super friendly. I told them I was a Capriotti's virgin and asked for some recommendations. The nice girl behind the counter suggested the "Capastrami" which is "Hot Pastrami, Melted Swiss Cheese, Russian Dressing, and Cole Slaw on a soft roll." How can one go wrong with that? "Sure thing" I fired back and we were off to a journey towards flavorful bliss.I watch in anticipation as the sandwich maker spins his magic. About 7 minutes later, my name is called out and this masterpiece wrapped in white butcher paper is bestowed upon me. To make a long story short... I ate it. It was damn good. The pastrami was tender and the cole slaw and russian dressing ratio was perfect. The bread was soft and the whole sandwich warm and inviting. I didnt think I was going to eat the whole thing.... But damn it was good. I didnt want to take the risk of bringing half of it home and not letting the sandwich fulfill its destiny.On my 2nd trip back I ordered the Bobbie and it was a little dry. Somehow I thought the turkey would be warm. It's served cold. It was still good nevertheless.On my 3rd trip back I ordered the meatball sandwich. It was yummy... But somehow my heart still belongs to the Capastrami.I included some pictures. Dang. How do you people write food reviews without getting hungry?!
2	I was so excited when I ordered my eggplant parm sandwich....but it was just disappointing :( There was hardly any sauce on it, the eggplant was overcooked...parts were crunchy and parts were tough and chewy like a tire. The bread was soggy and tasteless....I love subs, and I don't think I'll go back to one of these again..there are too many better places to go.
2	I personally like the food at Capriottis, I prefer the one on Silverado Ranch for a few reasons.1. It is much cleaner2. The staff is much friendlier 3. The food is prepared better 4. They have yet to mess up an orderThe location on Sahara is not very clean and everytime we have called in an order the girl that "ALWAYS" seems to answer the phone is completely rude and for some reason does not understand what no peppers means. The sandwiches are always a few notches below the other locations and the attitude of the employee may actually play into that response. I hope they can turn around the customer service and clean up the act a little because overall capriottis has a good product.
3	This place right down the street from a relative's place so we visited this place yesterday.  The food came quickly and the staff was friendly.  I got away with a large "Bobbie" -- THANKSGIVING in a roll.  I haven't had this in a while and it is just as good as I remember it.  The bobby has turkey, stuffing and cranberry!I've frequented this particular location in the past, probably about 8 years ago.  Parking is a little tight at this location in my opinion.I would still prefer to drive the little extra distance to the location by my work by the area of Tropicana and Fort Apache or by my home by the area of Town Center & Summerlin Parkway.
4	Amazingly delicious veggie cheesesteak sandwich.  Shared a $12.75 20" sandwich and we were both full.  Comes with cheese, peppers, and onions, if you want mushrooms, there is an extra charge.I deducted one star because they need a better restroom situation.
3	"I did it all for the Bobbie" Yes folk's "Bobbie" sub is their nationally acclaimed best seller. Real turkey (not the processed junk) cranberry sauce, stuffing, and mayo seal the deal. Thanksgiving dinner on a roll, come on seriously...does it get any better? I am just a fan of turkey period, turkey and bacon, turkey and cheese, turkey and avocado, you name it I like it. The "Bobbie" sub is my ultimate favorite way of eating my turkey in form of a sub by far. I know most of us las vegas locals are aware of this sub, if you are a visitor or new to Capriotti's then give this sub a shot! *Honorable mention is the "Capistrami" sub, hot pastrami, swiss cheese, russian dressing and coleslaw. Mmmm yummy as well.
5	Stopped by this afternoon to get something to tie me over until my late dinner reservation tonight.  My first thought was "Why don't they have a 6" sandwich, I'm only going to eat a little and waste the rest.". Ahhh, no.  I decided on the 9" Capastrami.  Needless to say I ate the entire sub in like 4 stop lights.....it was that good.  Perfect blend of salty, sweet, hot, and cold.  The bread had a wonderful soft chewy texture and the sandwich was incredibly juicy and flavorful.  Not to mention the guy at the counter was very nice and friendly.  Oh and to answer his question........yes, I think you guys should open a store in Hawaii, we'd love it!
2	Very disappointing recent experience at around 1:30 pm on a Wednesday afternoon.  Store was absolutely slammed with customers, yet there were only 3 people behind the counter!?  Plus the phone was ringing every five seconds so no one could get anything done! Maybe someone or two called in sick that day, but boy did the customers pay for it. I waited at least 20 minutes for my turkey sandwich on wheat..which is about the easiest thing to make on the menu! On the plus side, the employees are nice, and the rolls are better here than most other capriottis.  I sure hope they get their stuff together or I won't be back.
5	This place has excellent sandwiches, much better than anything you would get at Subway or Quiznos. When I first walked in I was a little skeptical, it seemed like sort of a hole in the wall, and it's definitely nothing too fancy looking but let the food do the talking, after tasting their Capistrami sandwich, I was hooked. Since then I've tried most of the sandwiches on the menu and I have to say I am yet to be disappointed.
1	I have been increasingly disappointed in Capriotti's. I have never been able to eat a 9" turkey sandwich with everything on it in a single sitting. Until now. It was mostly bread. There were traces of turkey on it with hints of toppings. When I started eating at Capriotti's over 15 years ago, the sandwiches would be overflowing, because there would be so much turkey on them, the roll could hardly contain it and the plentiful toppings. My sandwich would usually feel as heavy as a brick. Today it was a feather. I might as well have gone to Subway. Sadly, this is not an isolated event or location - it has been the downward trend now at this location, as well as the one on Cheyenne. Save your money and go elsewhere.
3	They have improved since my awful experience.....hope they stay that way...
5	Vegetarians rejoice! They have a vegetarian sliced turkey sandwich, and amazingly enough it taste good! The rolls are delicious, the meats, cheeses, and toppings are always fresh, Capriotti's is one of my favorite sandwich shops.Note to vegetarians: they also have a veggie cole turkey sandwich, a veggie philly cheese steak sandwich, and a veggie cheeseburger sandwich. YES! Choices in food, finally!!
5	I love the Philly here, Amazing!!! Staff and management at this location are very friendly!! My stomach is now complete. I live close so it's convenient. But I'd drive past other Sandwich Shops, just to grub here :)
5	If you're from Las Vegas, you are probably very familiar with Capriotti's.  My friends who were in town from Cali, however, were not.  We were looking for an easy sandwich place to satisfy our lunch time craves and I just knew I had to expose them to the deliciousness that is Capriotti's.The two most popular sandwiches are by far the Bobbie and the Capistrami.  The Bobbie can be summed up as Thanksgiving on a roll, with fresh turkey meat, mayo, stuffing, and cranberry sauce.  The Capistrami has pastrami meat, thousand island dressing, swiss cheese and cole slaw.  Both are great options and I go back and forth between the two.  I've also heard the Philly Cheese Steak is pretty darn good too, but I have yet to try it.The sandwiches always take a little longer to make at Capriotti's (especially if you are comparing to something like Subway), but we don't usually mind.  After all, it takes longer to make when its fresh. You can also call ahead and order, and I believe this location delivers!
4	My experience with this store has been pleasant and filling. I wish they were cheaper but I dont mind paying more for a more flavorful experience. They could use a little bit of remodeling though.  I ordered the bobby and the girl made it really fast Within 5 mins i was in and out Cant beat that!! A delicious Quality sandwich made fresh for me :D.Thank you for your hard work and for making me feel like a valued customer.
5	Philly cheese steak or the Bobby. You can not go wrong. I have been eating at this deli for probably 12 years! A philly cheese steak is the best hang over cure!
5	My favorite sandwich shop in Vegas hands down. The bobby always caught my attention and appetite.  But slowly moved into the hot sandwich section. Im from Philly and I ALWAYS compare.  This is the only place I will order a cheesesteak from. Still not home. But its still very good. If you've never been try it. This Sahara location always makes my orders quick and fresh
5	I recently discovered this Capriotti's not far from where I live. What a find!! The sandwiches are amazing. As a sandwich-lover, I cannot get enough of this place and have since tried most of the options on the menu. I think the best is the roast beef - pulled instead of sliced like at most sandwich places.The sandwiches are made-to-order, so it can take a little longer than other sub shops, like Subway, but it is well worth it. You still get a pretty full array of options on the sandwich, it just isn't in an assembly line. They don't have many sides (only an atypical selection of potato chips), so you go here just for the sandwiches. Also, it's more of a take-away place. They do have a small bar and one table where you could dine-in if you really wanted to, but there's no atmosphere. It's basically just a deli counter.Highly recommended!!
5	I stalk these guys when I'm in a city that has em.  I don't live in a Capriotti's city anymore, but I live in a Capriotti's world.  I can live off of the cheesesteak with peps, bobbie, and capistrami.
5	Best sandwiches I know of.The Capastrami is just excellent.  They make the best cheese steak I've ever had, partly because they actually offer truly hot peppers as an option (they also have mild) and partly because of the overall quality of the meat and other ingredients.
5	Every Vegas local's favorite sandwich shop. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu, but the most popular sandwich is The Bobbie. It's Thanksgiving on a sub roll, and they do it perfectly at Capriotti's.
5	I like this location they do get super busy so have patience but the owners are great and the sandwiches are totally worth the wait it is also really clean and the remodel looks great...I love the Bobbie and well I guess all their food
5	It is so delicious and im always satisfied with their sandwich ! Thumbs up! I love the cheese steak and the bobbie !
5	My favorite capriotti's sandwhich shop! Every one was so friendly the sub are delicious and they did everything in a timely manner! Go team:)
1	i've been to other capriotti's around the town and i love this place. however this location is horrible! i usually go to the one on cheyenne and they do a fantastic job.i called ahead for a pick up order a mushroom cheese steak sandwich. at the other locations they usually ask follow up questions about what i want on my sandwich. this place did no such thing. i had to ask about each individual item that was on the sandwich since the guy seemed so clueless.  i called at 134pm and my food wasn't ready until 154pm. the guy that took my order didn't give me a time estimate or a price estimate. as far as food quality. i ordered a MUSHROOM CHEESEsteak sandwich. there was barely any mushroom and almost no cheese in it. My family and i were all confused because we're used to the other location that produces higher quality sandwiches. My sister thought that they left the mushroom out but I did see 3 pieces in my piece. why are they skimping on the cheese on a cheesesteak sandwich? FAILwhy are they skimping on the mushroom they charged me $1.00 extra for? never coming back here again. i'll stick to the other locations that have delicious sandwiches
5	So I never really had pastrami before...but I decided to try it here along with the chicken cheesesteak...both had really good flavors and the bread was good...I had no complaints...staff was nice and let me look at the menu without me feeling rushed...I now have a place to take friends if I visit Vegas again...thank you:-)
3	Ordered their cheesesteak it wasn't as cheesy as I wanted and too hot they put too many peppers. I think it's over priced you usually get fries with the amount I paid.
4	The gang here is awesome!  Great energy and super service. Thanks!!!  Oh, and the food is great!
2	I'm not a cheesesteak aficionado but I do feel like I know a good cheesesteak when I see one, or rather when I taste one. I ordered two subs. A medium Cheese Steak and a medium Italian. My first gripe happened before I even left the shop with my sandwiches. The man ringing me up for my order gave me my total and when I handed him my credit card he grabbed it with his gloves still on. Gloves that had a meat substance-like film on them. Then he proceeds to hand me a receipt and a pen with the same slimy gloves. I get home and try the cheese steak first. Not impressed at all. First of all half of the meat had burnt edges. Secondly there was almost no cheese in the entire sub. And when I say almost no cheese I literally mean, there was hardly any cheese at all. It took me two big bites before I tasted a hint of cheese. The roll was pretty good though.The Italian was a decent sub. No gripes at all. Not amazing but not bad. All in all, given the fact that the cheese steak was a big disappointment, the guy ringing up my order handled my credit card with slimy gloves and the total for two subs came to be almost $19.00 I give this place a 2/5 stars.
5	As always very good food very fresh and hot taste great, don't mind the price for that!!
4	Best sandwich shop in vegas by far! Bobby is so good I eat it twice a week in my dreams.
5	This is my favorite location to visit. I've always received the correct order and the staff are friendly. This is where I bring anyone who is visiting me. Hands down the best sandwhiches. The bread is phenomenal. We usually order the cheesesteak, roast beef, or good old fashioned ham and cheese. The roast beef is shredded and delicious. Tip: call your order in ahead of time.
5	A business is only as good as its staff and the guys here are top shelf. Capriotti's has the name but I won't go to restaurants I don't feel welcomed in. They make you feel like part of the family. Being that I am in the customer service world I can truly appreciate this place. 5 stars all the way! Special shout out to DJ. Always has a friendly attitude and remembers repeat customers. Keep up the great work guys, you have a customer for life.
5	Not all Capriotti's are created equal! I used to work at a bar up the street from this particular location and would stop in once a week for a giant Philly or Bobbie. I have always gotten the correct order in a timely manner and everything they have made here plain and simply tastes better than other locations. You'd think because it's a chain it would be the same across the board, it simply isn't.  I stop in here every few months now when I am on that side of town for laser tag just up the street and it's always a treat. I have stopped going to other locations, so if I am craving Cap's I just go to this one or end up going a different route because other places just simply aren't as good.  Their staff has changed a bit over the past few months which is to be expected, but they have always been pleasant regardless of who they are. Just wish this place was closer to my house or the locations that ARE were as good as this one!
