2	When I typed "La Cabane" in Yelp's search engine, I was surprised to see a listing turn up that included "De Portugal" in its name.  Judging by the location on the map, I'm pretty sure it's the same place on the Main where I had a poutine and my dining companion had a chicken breast burger: two connected rooms (with two entrances), more of a bar/pub with standard mediocre bar/pub food offering, and ample televisions broadcasting the hockey game...  That's the place, right?I ended up there only because Copacabana next door was packed to the rafters on this particularly exciting game night.  La Cabane, though I'm pretty sure boasted more screens, had plenty of room to spare.The poutine was made with shredded cheese and a peppercorn gravy on fries that were crispier than your average frozen McCain's, which was a pleasant surprise.  For better quality and value on both the food and beer, I think I better just plan to arrive earlier to Copa next time.
3	I came here with some friends because the line to Schwartz's was just too long and we were quite hungry.Since it was summer, they had a nice little terrace set up in front. It was a nice day, so we sat there.I had the special of the day, an avocado salad with chicken. It was well presented and the chicken was perfectly spiced. I wasn't blown away by it, but I was very happy. It was a nice healthy substitute for smoked meat.I forget what my friends had, but they seemed to enjoy it too.The inside (I used the washroom) looked at a bit dark, but I can't really comment on that since we had a terrific outdoor spot.
4	I can't believe this place hasn't been reviewed yet!This is a charming bar/pub with Portuguese flair.  They serve local beers, imported wines, and cook up AMAZING chicken dishes (skip the pork souvlaki- this is not a Greek neighborhood, it's little Portugal).  La Cabane is really an unassuming gem.  We were met by a rugged bartender/waiter, a comprehensive menu and specials board, and a great bluesy-rock playlist on a Monday night.  This was enough to stay and eat; the food we devoured was good enough to go back if we're ever in Montreal again.  in addition, I truly enjoyed the spotlight lighting they added to highlight what I'm assuming are the owner's favorite things: the specials board, the beer-brand wall-art, and the collection of Portuguese clay pots on the walls.  Montreal is lucky to have a place like this with such personality.Here's how we found it on a recent trip to Montreal:It's a little embarrassing, but we followed other reviews up to this neighborhood for Rotisserie Romados and were deterred by a few things (lack of seats, stained ceiling tiles, and an all-male clientele that looked a bit perverse eating their chicken).  After all this time searching for unique places to eat, I probably should feel slightly ashamed that I didn't just stick to the plan and enjoy the raved about food, but we fled from Rue Rachel to Blvd St. Laurent... and I'm so glad we did.
5	I found this treasure of a Resto/Bar strolling down Blvd. St Laurent looking for somewhere to grab supper on a Saturday night August 18th.We were approaching Schwartz's and it caught my eye do went to check out the menu in the window. The have 2, special of the day & and their regular menu.That night they had 2 brochettes(1 chicken 1 souvlaki), salad, rice & fries for only $ 11.99!!The Resto has a sidewalk terrasse and windows the were kept wide open, the inside ambiance was warm and inviting and the music playing was old school rock blues!We were served very promptly by the only waitress at the restaurant!My companion and I went in and we both had that special only I asked for 2 chicken brochettes, the waitress said no problem but it would be a $ 1.00 more.A must if you haven't been there!
3	After walking by this resto probably hundreds of times I finally got to try it out, and I wasn't disappointed. There were a few glitches, but overall it was a delicious meal.My main issue with the evening was that I was with a group. A big (~30 people) group. Perhaps this wasn't the best location for such a huge group, but I wasn't involved in the planning.  We had a reservation so I figured it would be OK. We arrive and realize it isn't huge and we don't see any tables waiting for us. I hope that there is a hidden private room somewhere. Nope. Instead the waitress starts cobbling together tables and chairs from all over the resto. As more people from our group arrive and other diners leave she keeps expanding our area. So we definitely had some interesting table arrangements. Then it took a really long time for us to get drinks, then food, because it was all handled by one waitress (who is awesome and did a great job for just one person).So those issues aside, it was a great dinner. Pitchers of Boreal go over really well! And the food was delicious. They have a list of daily specials that are reasonably priced and varied. The standard menu as well has lots of options at good prices, but isn't so huge you can't decide.  Think portuguese pub food.  Lots of grilled meats and fish and seafood (though the quasi vegan at our table was able to be accommodated just fine).  I had a special combo of liver and shrimps, that came with rice, fries and salad.  My boyfriend had grilled calamari that came with the same sides.  Both were delicious.  I had a HUGE piece of liver, and it was well grilled.  The squid came as one big piece, and wasn't rubbery at all like it sometimes can be.I would definitely pop back into La Cabane, the next time I want to eat a big meal without spending oodles of money, in a laid back atmosphere.  It must be great in the summer when the front windows are open.
5	If you are looking for a quick delicious meal with a great value then this is the place to go . Their Grilled chicken thigh is just amazing with delicious fries and salad .Nice clean atmosphere , wide variety of options . I can eat at this place every day of the week .
4	Stopped here during the St Laureant street faire, and we needed some drinks in the middle of the afternoon.  I never turn away from drinks, especially in the afternoons and suggested by two locals.  They had plastic tables and chairs setup outside so people can enjoy the weather, this was end of August by the way, the nice server brought us our pitcher of drinks and we were never hassled.  We drank until we were content.  Sorry no food this time, maybe I should be back one day .
4	Nice little restaurant! The decor is modern and very stylish, and the summer features a terrace. Pretty good drinks, and the staff are nice and very informed. The food is great, and presented (plated) very well! The chorizo tastes amazing; and the grilled chicken salad is immense, loaded with avocados, and other fruit (and doesn't leave you feeling lethargic).
2	Bland tasteless food. Service was good and the drunks were alright. Nothing special here and not the best balue. Overrated like most places on Yelp.
