4	I should preface by saying that I do not own a pair of these shades but I have bought them (special occasions) for my husband- it's his favorite. Since we were nearly done with Christmas shopping, we were able to get a little something for ourselves (an early Christmas gift).The shades on sale- the prices are pretty good considering how expensive these shades are- (some are final sale- which you cannot return) are in locked tall glass cases (you will need assistance) located on the right side, near the walls filled with clothing (women's clothing- on the left side is men's BTW). The cash registers are at the very back- two cash registers. The soft lens case (doubles as lens cleaner) is also included with your purchase of shades BTW. If the shades are scratched, the cashier will replace the scratched ones with new ones- nice. The setup is fine but when there are lots of people, it can get crowded (it's popular). The aisles are pretty narrow since the middle row is primarily more racks and tables of clothing- lots of clothing, really, since the first thing I think of when I see the brand, is the shades. There is a small section of shades on the left side- my husband only went to this section a few times, mostly goes to the sale cases. Go for the sales on the shades.
3	The hubs needed some new Oakleys and loves buying them at the outlets so we schlepped over here in 103 degree heat to get some.  B.J. helped us and he was super cool and accommodating.  We found what we wanted and headed to the register.Snotty Girl was working and rang me up.  When I walked away I looked at the receipt and saw that the glasses were $10 more than they should have been so I asked BJ and he said that was a mistake and asked Snotty Girl to fix it.  Well, Snotty was not to happy about that.  She did something on the register then handed me another receipt.  I walked out trying to keep a smile on since she was probably hot working in there.   I got home yesterday and looked at the receipt and she didn't refund me $10, she charged me another $10.  Now we are up to $20.  And, hey, I accept responsibility for the fact that I should have LOOKED at the receipts before I left the store.  I called the store and BJ remembered me, got me a manager and she straightened out the problem.  5 stars for BJ and the manager.  One star for Snotty Girl.  3 stars.
1	I love Oakley. I wear Oakley. I just don't like this store. I don't like the sales people working there. It's not just one or two particular people - each time I've been there, the arrogance of the people I've encountered makes me wish I was back in law enforcement carrying a PR-24. Figure out what that is and what I would do ...Anyway, my last visit was just the same. Made me wonder if management there hires using the criteria that their associates have to have the same attitudes so that people feel like Oakley is the best thing since sliced bread. If that's the case, it doesn't have that affect on me. Makes me rather just go to their competition
3	This is a great place to find a deal on clothes marked down from the last couple of seasons.  The t-shirts are crappy.  $10 a piece.
3	I am a huge Oakley fan.The store had most of what you would want, and the store has a nice look about it, the prices are about the same as the internet prices, it is nice to see it before you buy it. I wish the store was bigger. Some of the staff had a little uppity attitude, but I equate it to age and maturity level as it is a ll young people that work there, you wont see any one over 30 on the sales floor, that is too bad, like older people don't wear Oakley too? Over all it is a cool store, and I would go back.
4	Very helpful and knowledgeable staff. Funny how Sunglass Hut is about 3 stores down from this place selling sunglasses for much more!  This location definitely has more selection than the San Diego outlet near the border.
4	I'm not one of those sunglasses junkies and as a matter of fact I've been wearing the same Costa Del Mar Polarized lenses since 2003, but when the recent blistering Phoenix heat finally ruined what was a long and happy relationship I found myself looking for something new and The Vault definitely filled a need with great sale items, friendly customer service, and a nearly overwhelming selection.Having not owned a pair of Oakleys since high school...1998 for those keeping score (yes, I'm old)...I'm impressed by how the quality of the product has changed over the years while prices remain similar and the styles continue to evolve.
4	There are many deals to be found at this store, especially if you're looking for apparel since there are always items on sale or on clearance and they have a pretty large selection of Oakley branded t-shirts, polos, hoodies, jackets, board shorts, shorts and backpacks. These are also the items you'll usually find on the clearance or sales racks. Haven't noticed as many deals on accessories and sunglasses. Customer service is good here since they have many associates for such a small store, however, there is only 1 fitting room so expect a wait if you're planning on trying something on.
4	Oakley is overpriced, but you get what you pay for, and you're paying for style.As far as this store goes, most of the workers are knowledgeable and helpful, have even gone as far as checking availability of items at the other 2 stores in Vegas (and even offer to get something mailed in out of state).Everybody is friendly and usually greets me within a minute or 2 of entering store... impressive. Met one arrogant guy who told me he was helping out and usually manages another store, and the female manager at this store is not very personable, but so far everyone else has been great.Oakley stuff rarely goes on sale, but occasionally this place gets some decent deals.
1	This is the worst store. The employees are all super rude and to busy standing around to actually help you. When asking a question they all have a different answer. I'm all for current good music but this store has it playing so loud you can barley think. I'm not at a club just trying to buy some glasses. Then on top of everything we bought a pair of swim trunks got them home and they did not even take off the security tag. Really lady you had one job!!!
