1	Place is opened till 6 but was closed at 5:30 today. They must of had to go the gym.
5	we heard of this place by a friend of my husband and ours that goes to their location on Sahara and Decatur. He said they had very cheap prices(in our opinion cheaper than Internet on some items.) and a very knowledgeable staff. The employee was very helpful and understanding in our needs. He set up a program for my husband and myself that has worked amazing. i will never shop anywhere else ever again. thank you nutrition rush!!!
4	Thanks to another yelper I tried this place as I frequent places next door. I usually go to a competitor but I decided to try. Quest bars are limited in quantity but they are the best price! They have all the products I need and they don't push a generic store brand which is niceAnthony is very helpful, looked up a product for me they don't carry and found me the components of that product. He always gives a smile and is quite patient with questions. Very amicable and knowledgeableNot saying I will totally abandon what I get at the other store but I will definitely frequent this one....
4	Popped in here and had a few questions (having a few minutes to spare). Glad I did -- apparently this is a family run business that started with two stores a couple years ago and now, has thirteen! I looked for my Protein powder of choice. They had something similar, same company, but gladly offered to order the one I like. I then asked if  they had something else close to my preferred shake maker. They did, and it's cheaper. I would definitely give that a shot sometime. I looked at various health bars, too, and learned of a couple new to me. Bought one -- I know, giant purchase, right? But I'm glad to have stumbled on this new chain that seems to have a lot of good things going for it. And that includes the helpful, non-selly store clerk.
5	I go here for most of my supplement needs! They are super helpful and don't try to push any particular brand on you but even better they listen to your experience with other brands! They obviously want to get to know the products they carry and their consumers.  I've honestly never been disappointed with any of their suggestions regarding preworkouts, Aminos, and creatine. They are a smaller store than most and I like that about them, unfortunately they are not open on Sundays. On the plus side they started offering smoothies now and they are delicious!
3	Small shop but friendly and good service.  Not as huge a selection as some of the big chain stores but really... those stores have so many duplicates of the same kind of thing it doesn't make any difference.  Quest bars were a few dollars less than 2 other places I check but that depends on who is putting what on sale.  They run out fast which is good and bad. Inventory is always fresher but once in a while they don't have my favorite flavor. (Cookies and Cream!)
