5	I called thermal air when are AC stopped blowing cold air. Ralph showed up and checked the air conditioner and also my Breakers. Upon inspection Ralph found the breaker had tripped. He reset the breaker and presto I had cold air again. All I had to do is pay the service fee of $45. Ralph was honest, professional and he did a fantasic job. Thank you to thermal air for a job well done.
5	I called thermal air when are AC stopped blowing cold air. Ralph showed up and checked the air conditioner and also my Breakers. Upon inspection Ralph found the breaker had tripped. He reset the breaker and presto I had cold air again. All I had to do is pay the service fee of $45.  I was so  relieved I bought Ralph lunch.Ralph was honest, professional and he did a fantasic job. Thank you to Ralph and thermal air for a job well done.
5	I will give more than 5 stars to this company. I called this co cuz my a/c is not working. I spoke to Ralph the owner and he said someone will come over to take a look at it in half an hour and yes Travis showed up. Checked both of my a/c unit and found out that my compressor were busted need a replacement just for the 1 unit amd the other unit is fine. He did not pressure me to buy it, he give me an option to repair and educate me the benefit of a new unit and just repair and he told me to shop around first before i decide cuz we are talking about big money here. After calling 3 co and compared to their price , it saved me a lot of money, the same day Travis put my a/c unit. They are very reliable co and very pleasant to talk too . Thanks to Ralph and Travis. I would recommend them to anyone who need a/c repair. You guys are awsome!!!
5	I Highly recommend them. NVE first came out and said I needed freon. These guys beat everyone's price on that so I had them come out. They came that same day! They said it was only a capacitor problem(If I recall correctly) and replaced it for under $200 which was less than what I would have paid for a freon refill. It was good news to me and I will use them again.
5	I definitely recommend. A/C broke down on Saturday. Came within an hour & fixed problem & charged excellent rate. Great customer service.
