5	Brian is a great and knowledgeable installer. He fit me in on my schedule, and had the best customer service I've had in a long time. Great prices also.
5	Looking this the best place out there for tint in Las Vegas. Not only is he knowledgeable he loves what he does. If you go anywhere else then you making a mistake. best tint shop in vegas bottom line.
5	I had my tint completely redone by Brian at SmartFilm a couple weeks ago. Before going to him the last time my car was tinted was back before I bought my car, which was in 2006. So it was at LEAST 8 years old!I own a 1999 BMW M3. I had Brian install 5% of the Ceramic tint on the rear windows, 30% Ceramic on the front windows, and the Air 80 (I think that's what it was called).The difference was night and day! Before going to Brian, the AC in my car just couldn't keep my interior cool. I'd have it on max but it would still be warm in the car due to the lack of heat rejection.After going to Brian I can now leave my car outside in the 100+ degree heat for a couple of hours, then jump in my car and within 5-10 minutes my interior is nice and cool. Not only that but my black leather is not even hot like it used to be.Now my interior gets cool to the point where I have to actually turn down the AC because it gets too cold! Go to Brian, he's the best!
5	I've been putting off getting my tint redone for the past few years. Dreaded taking my car to some "tint shop" in fear they would mess something up and rip me off. No worry of that with SmartFilm. I got a quality product (CTX Ceramic) with beyond professional workmanship at a great price. Top notch care for my older but very loved car. Thank you!
5	Brian has done all of my family's vehicles for several years now. He does a great job every time and have never had any issues. We currently reside in California, however, we make it a point to take a trip to Vegas with our next vehicle that needs to be tinted! If you need your windows tinted, go with SmartFilm! Great service and great work.
5	Got my new lexus is250 tinted by Brian and couldn't be more happy. This is my second car tinted by him and will go to him for all future cars as well. Brian is super friendly and very thorough on explaining everything and he even accommodated my Schedule request. I'm very careful who I  have doing any work on my cars due to so many shady businesses but Brian is careful and very meticulous about his work and treats your car like it's his own. If you need a vehicle windows tinted, definitely go see Brian!
5	Brian tinted my wife's Lexus and it turned out good, very cool guy. He did a very clean job, no problem.
5	Great job on my Toyota Camry.Can't wait to bring in my future car! The service was amazing and the staff was extremely professional. I recommend everyone to get their tint done here. Thanks again for everything :)
5	Brian is phenomenal! We're going to him since 2003 and love his service and  professionalism. He does what he say, when he say, how he say. Service like this is hard to come by these days. I highly recommend this guy to friends, family and everyone who need window tinted. Thank you Brian :D
5	Just got my 2013 camaro tinted with Ceramic all around n Air80 on the windshield for more heat rejection! Pixes on his yelp site.... I got to say it looks slick plus it's alot cooler inside my car! I highly recommend Brian to do your tint, he is the owner/installer, he does tints professionally so if you want professional installs and at a affordable price! Go with smart film! Brian is just an all around good guy!
5	Excellent experience overall! Brian explained to me what was available and i was more excited about what I was getting and i wasn't disappointed. He was able to finish the same day with no appointment and drop off my car to me on the other side of town when I couldn't find a ride. I will definitely tell all my friends to go to Smartfilm at Spencer and sunset close to the airport.
