4	Is the centennial hills shopping shopping center full of nice sales associates or what?  The payless lady right next door was super nice and the ladies in Sally Beauty are almost as awesome. They always have a great selection on all kinds of professional beauty products. The gadget girl in me just wants to get everything!Conclusion:  Excellent selection. Knowledgeable and nice staff. Woot Woot.
4	Pretty cool place! This place has pretty much everything a girl needs to do anything drastic- like coloring your hair... for the first time. Which my friend and I did. And we had to come back for another color. Also they have a very nice selection of make-up, and body piercings! Yay! I have spent so much here, and barely use it, but hey, when I do it looks great! The only thing is that this place is small-really small, but as long as you are able to walk down the aisles to get your neon pink glitter liner, who cares?
4	This is the primary location I go to and the staff has always been super friendly and helpful to the best of their knowledge.  I wish they carried more of a variety of certain items, but they are small and geared towards professionals so I understand. Sally's has great coupons and their Sally's card (which military get for free) so you can get some awesome deals.
3	Ok... so after reading the reviews here I feel bad leaving the 2 stars I was gonna leave, so now they get 3.I have always had bad experiences at SBS's everywhere and I don't know why. Once upon a time in Norcal I had a salesgirl tell me that the products I was buying for my hair were "a stupid choice." (Note that I had hot pink hair and I used these specific products for after-bleach care all the time and they worked wonderfully.) I am definitely not a beauty guru, but I'm not completely oblivious either. So I'm still a little on edge every time I walk into a Sallys.I usually come here when my boyfriend is next door at the comic book store and when I do, they are out of literally everything I came in feeling like buying, and well-stocked in everything I don't want. Specific nail polish? Nope. Certain hair treatment, or lotion? Nope. It seems like every time I get a wild hair up my ass to splurge on something, they are out of it. Then by the next time I go, I forget what it was that I wanted anyway... which I guess means I didn't even need it to begin with...Also, I am never greeted or asked if I need assistance. I don't need assistance, but that sort of thing would be nice to see anyway.I'll keep coming here, because one day they might have my favorite China Glaze colors, but until then...
