4	mmmmmm Kabob.I enjoyed this place and will go back, perhaps today.  They serve Lebanese style meats with rice and pita.  They've got a great lunch special which comes with 4 different types of meat, rice, salad and pita for like $6.50!  Everything was very tasty and seemed fresh.  My only complaint was some of the meats were a little bland, but not too bad, I just like a LOT of flavor.
3	One I should give this place 4 stars for having the common sense to be located near the Ducati dealer and not charging prices relative to it :)   What used to be a fair uneventful; deli has been rescued from fake NY blandness into something altogether more agreeable.   Now it's a bit unfair to review this for it's main output since I -had- to have, a   bastardization of the cuisine and try the    beef shawarma sub .  I love when fast foods collide, a la Chino Bandito and the  Corn Beef  mini chimis at  Tim Finnegans.     So a large sub with  the meat, lettuce, tomato and  mustard on it was really filling, everything fresh and  pretty quick  turnaround for those on the go. Lunch specials look good, staff friendly and it's spotless   will  definitely  be adding this to my lunch spot rotation.
4	Upgraded to 4 stars.  Went back for the lunch special and walked out well fed and relatively well off  the lunch special and drink came to a tiny bit over $7.    It's  not a place to be in a rush ( e.g if you are grab and go) but  it's by no means excessive . I used to be patient back home but the US has reset  my  internal service clock   from  Q to now! so it's probably not that accurate an assessment.      It's fresh,  it's reasonably priced, clean and isn't a taco, burger, chicken item and holy crap real plates, real silverware.  May not seem like a big thing  but it's really hard to take people to lunch  from work  were paper  and plastic refers  not to the take out bag but to the  utensils and plates. And it's next door to the Ducati store:)
1	I was really hoping for good food.   I knew when I walked in and saw a mile long deli case, plastic chairs and tables up against the wall and dim lighting that there was no ambiance or service to be had.   The shawarma was dry (how do you do that?), the rice tasteless, the kabobs greasy & bland and the hummus almost inedible.   The service was non existent.   Go to Pita Jungle or go to Tempe or Gilbert and go to Phoenicia.   Kabob Inn is not going to last with the food & service that they're providing.   This hurts my heart as I wish independently owned businesses would thrive in the area, and I miss good mediterranean food being a Dearborn native.  Very sad.
2	I too had the lunch special and thought for the price it was a good deal. My pita bread was ice cold and stale, which sort of put a damper on the whole meal. I was expecting more. I liked the variety of meat selections served with the lunch special, but the steak was grizzly. Also, the rice was just okay - it was a tad dry. Also, the decor and ambiance was nothing special and sort of depressing. I'll probably go back and try them again, but I'm not racing back.
