3	On a recommendation from the concierge at the Luxor, Mary Jane, we had dinner last night at Hussongs.  I didn't hold out much hope for finding authentic Mex on the strip in Vegas but I was pleasantly and happily surprised.  Luckily she'd made us a reservation (5 of us locals) and we were seated immediately.  The place is long and narrow and they have squeezed as many tables as possible into the small space.  For those who are familiar with Mandalay Place, it's in the former Chocolate Swan space.  Anyway, we had standard chips and 2 kinds of salsa.. nothing memorable except the chips appeared to be hand made as opposed to processed and bagged.   Service was fast, we had our hand shaken margaritas within minutes of ordering and it was extremely crowded due to MAGIC & the Vet Convention.  Margarita was large & delicious.  Our appetizers were the:  guacamole, thick and chunky with just a slight bite of spiciness and def. delicious; the queso fundido which was thick with cheesy goodness; and the house specialty, Elote Plazero, an ear of corn on the cob, roasted with a thin coat of mayo/butter and cheese.  I could have had a 1/2 dozen of those and called it a day. Only 2 of us opted for an entree, both having the Enchiladas Suiza. It was beautifully prepared, presented and gobbled down!! This cantina is not for those who are expecting mid-America "mex" -- it is as authentic as it gets north of the border. ...and if it is any indication, I am going back there today for lunch because I don't think I fully experienced all that mexi-goodness last night and must have another go of it.EDIT: 9/1/2010... We went back last night after not going for 6 months.  Service was terrible. Not just for us..but all the surrounding tables.  I knocked it back to 3 stars for that.  The food, while decent, can be found at places who can appreciate our hard earned dollars.
5	This place was a lot of fun. It reminded me of partying in Cancun or some other touristy spot in Mexico. But, I guess that's their goal -- to bring the party north of the border from their original location in Ensenada. I had never heard of the original, but according to their web site they created the margarita. Who knew?The Vegas location is right next to Burger Bar in Mandalay Place. It's a narrow but long restaurant filled with typical art and tchotchkes that you would associate with an 'authentic' Mexican restaurant. Like a latin American version of Friday's but not as over the top. While this place screams 'tourist trap' it was still rocking. With their roaming mariachi band belting out versions of Garth Brooks, Beyonce, and Sponge Bob songs and the shot girls looking ever so sexy and peddling shots straight from a bottle, it's hard not to have a good time.Our group of ten had a reservation for Saturday night and were seated right away when we arrived. The pitchers of margaritas were good and strong and the food was much better than expected. The chips were excellent and tasted like they were made in-house. Everyone in our group loved the food -- the tacos, sopes, soup, nachos, and carne asada were great. The churros were served with dulce de leche ice cream and were very tasty.Service was excellent as well. Our waiter (tall white guy w/ dark hair) was friendly and attentive. We didn't have to wait long for drinks or food,  water glasses were constantly being filled, and empty dishes were cleared quickly. For some reason some of the staff was wearing fake white mustaches. Not sure if this is part of their usual get-up but it added to the silliness of the place. Because nothing says 'authentic Mexican' like a hot girl bartender wearing a mustache.It's a great place to throw back some drinks, eat some good Mexican food and party like you're south of the border.
1	Where do I even start? I was with a group of six and we all decided to try something new, so we walked over to Hussongs Cantina outside of Mandalay Bay. We were seated right away because well there was no one else eating there. This should have shot red flags in our heads right away. We were brought water right away, however we waited about 10-15 minutes to even have our drink orders taken. Our waiter took our order after about another 5-10 minutes. Another worker brought us chips and two kinds of salsa. The chips were actually very good. The salsas were more of a smokey paste. No one enjoyed the salsa, so we just ate the chips. I would like to add that all of us have grown up on authentic Mexican food and this was not it. Finally our food comes out. Three people ordered the nachos, One order enchiladas, another a burrito and I ordered a plate that included chicken, chorrizo, carrots and tortillas covered in queso. The queso was more of a solid that a liquid, it actually took me the whole meal to figure out that it was the queso. Not one person finished more than half of their meal, It was HORRIBLE. One girl took one bite and shoved her plate away. Now, I can forgive less than wonderful food if I have great service. The last time we had seen our waiter was when he took our order. He never checked on how our food was. Another one of my friends was missing part of her meal and never got it because no one ever came by. We saw the water lady 3 times as much as our own waiter. Let me remind you that NO ONE was in the place so it was not like he was very busy with tables. FINALLY, he swings by the table and we ask for the bill. Four of us paid in cash, we told him to split whatever was left on the bill after the cash on the two cards. He walks aways, comes back about a minute later and throws everything on the table and says "I don't understand, I don't know who's money goes with what" We didn't care if every person paid for specifically what they had, we just wanted out. So he goes through our tab with  us and splits it up specifically even though we told him to just use the cash then with the remainder of the bill, split it equally on the cards. He comes back with six bills. Clearly this was too hard for him. We paid and RAN out of there. THE WORST PLACE I HAVE EVER EATEN AND THE WORST SERVICE I HAVE EVER HAD. We would not even step foot in there the next night when they were giving out free shots, that says a lot.
3	The place was a lot of fun because I was with a group of girls and comped drinks kept on coming to our table.The service and staff were amazingly friendly.  Although I wasn't there for the food, it wasn't too bad.  In fact, I don't remember much of what I ordered but it was only from the appetizer menu. The place does get really busy, so make sure you call for reservations.
4	Visited Hussongs Cantina this week for a "work lunch". Great location inside Mandalay Place. I liked the atmosphere inside and it wasn't very busy at the time I went so we got seated right away. The service was great and we got a large basket of chips with salsa quickly. They had a green and red sauce. I really liked the red sauce and didn't use the green.For lunch I ordered the Enchiladas Suizas. It didn't take long before it was on the table. The portion size was good and the creamy tomatillo sauce was really good. The beans and rice were typical, nothing fancy. I look forward to visiting Hussongs Cantina again to try some other menu items and margaritas!
2	Without the fun mariachi band, this place would have gotten one star.While we were seated right away, we didn't get a server for at least twenty minutes. Even tough we did get chips and salsa, we were waiting so long for service that we went through the chips and had to serve ourselves another basket. Once we finally flagged down a server, we got to order. The food took at least another twenty minutes to arrive. And three of us just got the quesadilla! Now, the food. When a quesadilla is on the menu for $8, it's typically enough for a meal. The quesadilla was one corn tortilla with some cheese and like three pieces of meat. It was so small that it made the price offensive -- and it wasn't even that good! To add to such a bad experience, three of the five people ended up with stomach aches. I would not recommend this place at all, especially given the fact that Burger Bar is next door and is about the same price.
2	Another restaurant with loads of fake "memorabilia" on the walls.When I arrived, they walked me past a bunch of open tables to the table farthest in the back, right next to the constantly swinging kitchen door, and facing the table that was being used by the staff to fold napkins. If it were not for the fact that the busboy folding napkins had a great butt, I would have complained.Later, when they found out that I am conducting one of the big shows in town, they offered to move me to a better table. I politely declined, (Too Late) but thought; "Ya mean if you'd thought that I wasn't your average customer, you would have given me a reasonable table?" Not good.They advertise as "Not your standard gringo Mexican food place". But that's exactly what I found. The food was all very average. The tomatillo salsa that was served on my "Enchiladas Suizas" was the same that was served with the chips when I arrived. The chicken inside did not seem spiced or marinaded in any way. The tortillas were dull.The margarita was good (made with fresh lime juice), but it was not "the original" margarita, as advertised. According to Hussong's history, the original was made with Damiana liqueur, which adds a slightly bitter, herbal flavor. Here, they substitute Cointreau, which is citrusy and very sweet - again, appealing to the average Gringo.I've mentioned this before, but I'll bring it up again: Las Vegas is jam-packed with awesome Mexican restaurants - and most of them are dirt cheap. If you're gonna charge $16 for an enchilada, you'd better back it up with outstanding food; interesting drinks, and impeccable service.I did not find any of those here.
2	I first started going to the original Hussong's in Ensenada in '73.  I was amused to see that they had opened a place at Mandalay, but my expectations were low, given Las Vegas's tendency to do recreations that are skin-deep at best.  Nonetheless, not having been to the real thing in a few years due to border violence, my wife and I decided to check it out.As far as the decor and look of the place, they did about as good a job as can be expected.  It has a lot of the touches of the original...albeit with a lack of the grit and wear of years.The service was pretty good...a young lady named Yolanda was attentive, and friendly, as was the hostess who seated us.  In fact, Yolanda recommended an excellent tequila (although it would be much better if they had a printed list from which to choose).The food was another story.  (I've eaten in restaurants all over Mexico from resorts to baja joints to Mexico City).The salsas were pretty good, but everything else, the beans, rice, lobster tacos, and carne asada were  bland, and the presentation was weak.  Speaking of presentatioin, the "toreados" (jalapenos stuffed with cheese) were sitting on a plate with some mysteriouis brown liquid swishing around the bottom...not very appetizing for an appetizer.  also, the jalapenos should have been deveined and seeded better...as a result they were inedibly hot.Based on our experience, it was a typical case of another Las Vegas restaurant that knows they don't have to rely on repeat business, because there's a new load of customers coming into town every day.Overall a big disappointment, but I have to give credit to the designers who did a fairly credible job of recreating the look of Hussong's, and the wait staff who were friendlier than a lot of LV restaurant staff.I seriously doubt we'll go back unless I hear that there have been dramatic changes in the food.
2	Was going to go to Burger Bar, but there was a wait so we decided to give Hussongs Cantina a try.Long story short the service was okay, but the food was a disappointment. No particular flavor and too salty.And a bit too noisy.
4	My server was very helpful, explaining the difference between the Original (fresh = sour) and the Traditional (mix = sweet) margaritas. The original was delicious. I was torn between ordering the avocado/shrimp salad or the lobster tacos, and my server recommended the salad as one of her favorites. I was surprised to see the entire avocado was deep fried with cooked shrimp inside. Unusual, but tasty. Served on a bed of lettuce with the whitest scallions I've ever seen, plus tomato and bacon bits.
5	Hussongs was a very welcome surprise for us.  We were walking to Mandalay from the Luxor.   Since I had been to Ensenada numerous times to the original Hussongs,  I talked my wife into stopping off for a  quick margarita.   We found the mariachis,  the chips and salsa,  and especially the margaritas to be authentic and great.   We ended up staying for over 4 hours,  joking and laughing with the wait staff.  The only thing missing was the car battery test from the original place in Ensenada.We ordered tacos,  quesadillas, and  other than being a little too salty, everything was just like Ensenada.  .   the servers all paid attention to us and as to the little I remember,  the drinks were especially strong.    This was one of the highlights of our weekend in Vegas.    Since we don't visit South of the border because of all the crime,  whenever we need an Ensenada fix we will visit Vegas.
2	Wanted to go to Burger Bar but too long of a wait so went to Hussongs for lunch and had a completely different experience than my first visit. Service was POOR. It wasn't much busier than my first visit. The server mentioned their computers were having problems. During the time we were there I saw what looked like the manager helping take orders and another gentleman who was wearing street clothes start bringing guests chips/salsa. I was bummed. Took awhile to get our check and then wait longer for someone to run the card. After we left and were just a few feet away from the restaurant a gentleman asked us if we had just ate at Hussongs and how it was. We answered "it was OK but the service was slow". I am changing my rating from 4 stars to 2 stars. I don't think I will be back anytime soon.
4	2nd visit: Tried the lobster tacos.  Very cheesy. Hard to detect the lobster, although I did have a few large chunks.  The chips were warm, the guacamole tasty, margarita and service good.
4	What a way to start a visit to Vegas!  My sis and I chose Hussongs Cantina for lunch before our shopping marathon.  We needed good food and my Frankenfoot needed the margarita.  The have 2 showcased margarita's - their original is handmade from top to bottom so that's the one we opted for.  It was strong & delicious.We both ordered the lobster tacos for lunch and started with an order of handmade guacamole.  The guacomole was good and their chips are thick - almost like pita chips crossed with flour tortilla chips.  But that made them nice and sturdy for the guac :)The lobster tacos were a bit stingy with the lobster.  And they were those Langostino lobsters that are kind of like the midgets of the lobster world.  But the creamy Mexican cheese on top made the flavors delicious.  And we both ate our 2 tacos with smiles on our faces.  We sat at a tall table in the bar and our bartender/waitresss, Cheri, was great.  Everyone was really friendly and the atmosphere was fun.  My only complaint (other than the stingy lobster) was that the hostess walked pretty fast for someone following her on crutches...  That didn't seem too cool.  But the marg's and food were just what the doctor ordered!  ;)
5	F A B U L O U S   M A R G A R I T A S ! ! !  I brought a group of 15 executives to Hussongs Cantina for a few Margaritas and mexican food. I never expected such a fun and welcoming experience. The service was great! We were lucky enough to have tried just about every item on the menu. Every item we tried was tasty and captured the spirit of 'the real' food in Mexico. We started with guacamole and three salsas on the menu. It was obvious that the guacamole and salsas were freshly made and I was in heaven from the beginning of our gastronomical experience. We continued by having all the appetizers on the menu brought in as tasters. The one thing that was immediately noticeable was the freshness of the food - OMG the corn (Elote Plazero) and the tamales were my favorites. The taste of the corn on the cob was amazing - with Cotija cheese and spicy sauce still make my mouth water - I could not get enough!. The tamal captures the authenticity of the recipes from Mexico. I am South American so their food had me from the beginning to the end. We continued by having platters with the whole variety of the tacos they serve. My favorite were the Lobster Tacos -- All of the tacos had their own unique flavor since the sauces, peppers and salsas were different depending on which taco we were having. The Nachos were huge and loaded with all the goodies you can imagine. We finished with dessert plates which had a little of each dessert on the menu -- I have to confess, by then, I just couldn't eat one more bite -- However, everyone around the table were in heaven... We had so much fun! Our waitress was fabulous and made herself a part of our gathering as the perfect hostess. The place was jumping and music was playing ~ and our group of executives felt as if we were a friends house. Thank you Hussong's -- We will be back when in Las Vegas! Great Job...
4	We went recently with our son to try some Mexican.  The place is gorgeous and the tarnished silverware was very rustic.  Management should be ashamed of themselves for leave one poor guy to be battered by the crowds.  It was a Thursday during the summer at 2pm!  Being that I have worked on the Strip and still work in the business in this city I felt the gentleman's pain.  But the management was nowhere to be found.  That is poor and corporate, instead of sitting and eating management should have jumped and helped this poor fellow.  Tourist stories of Vegas go far even if people will come only once.  The food was great and enjoyable.  The quesadilla was great, using actual Mexican styled cheese for a change and my burrito was stuffed to the brim and topped with the amazing salsa given with the chips.  we didn't have any dessert or drinks cause we were with our 3 year-old, but the bar looks like a cool place to hang out.
4	Wife and I loved it! We started our Vegas wander killing time between shows that night and on our way through the Luxor and into Mandalay we stumble upon Hussongs Cantina right next to Burger Bar. We popped in for a quick drink at the bar. I have to say that we met one of the best bartenders we experienced in quite some time. Our drinks were simple but on point, a Stella and an Long Island. Our bartender invited us back later to show off a fun drink...we told him we would return.After a quick round or two we were off to the next show. Immediately following the show we were right back at Hussongs to take our 'tender up on his drink idea. It was a concoction containing Captain Morgan's, Blue curacao, Malibu, Midori, Pineapple Juice and Sour Mix called..."Liquid Marijuana". We had never heard of it before but I know understand it's catching on. All I have to say is WOW, I want one right now that it crossed my mind. An instant hit! (no pun intended). Sip, sip, pass!!We ordered a small plate of nachos to help float the alcohol down the right path and to curb any late night "munchies". The next morning or should I say morning to me, afternoon to you, we hit Hussongs again for some more grub. This time the 3 taco plate. 3 corn tortillas piled high with shredded chicken, chopped & cilantro and topped with a generous portion of guacamole...Yum to the 3rd power!Lunchtime's drinks were not as great as the night before but I will blame the 'tenders for that I guess. The wife I believe went easy that day on the drink but I tip-toed towards something new..The Hussong's Red Eye. It's a mix of Tetcate Beer, homemade Bloody Mary mix served with a shot of Resposado Tequila on the side & garnished with Jerky & Celery. I know, wow and full meal in a glass right?? Well not really. The drink was so so and the waiter had to tell me (After I asked) that they were out of Jerky and Celery!? WTF! Oh Well...I was half hung over and wasn't gonna cry about it, but that part sucked..it sounded so good on paper.Price was very reasonable I felt and wait staff was sometimes slow be super friendly. Night time bartenders rock and should retrain the day-trippers. Overall we obviously loved it if we made it back there multiple times in a 4 day stretch. Can't wait to hit them up again on our next trip to Sin City.
4	Had a great lunch here recently.  After the awful Cabo Wabo margs, we had to try again here.  Really good drinks - and at a reasonable price.  We went with their fresh lime juice version - nummy stuff.  Good balance of tart and sweet, and tequila flavor.  Had the grilled jalapeno appetizer - different, but liked it.  The worchestershire was a strange but tasty addition.  We both had tacos - carnitas was my favorite, followed by the beef cheek my husband ordered, then the steak.  Nothing bad in the selections.  And if you're craving your yearly portion of bone marrow tacos, yes, they have it.
1	This Place is the Biggest Bull Bleep I been to in Vegas.  The promo write ups talk about how this is the inventors of the margarita, Playboy, Urban Daddy and Seven.  The original margarita was made with Tequila, limes and Damiana.  Not only did they tell us that they didn't have Damiana but that it wasn't available in the state.  Funny I picked up a bottle at Lee's the next day.  Stay away from this place.  $10.- small house margaritas.
2	Beer's cold, problem is the 2 times I've been there so too has the service.  Sometimes you need a cheap Mexican food fix and this is the place for it.  This place is IN Mandalay Place..... I'd suggest spending the extra couple of bucks on food at Border Grill in Mandalay Bay for more upscale and flavorful Mexican cuisine.
4	Went here one night to grab a bite to eat in between jumping form casino to casino. Advertised that they had the best tacos, so being the taco fan that I am decided to check it out. Ordered a Margarita and some chips and salsa to start myself off. The margarita was made well with a generous pour and lots of fresh squeezed lime. Delicious! The chips also came with 3 different salsas which were quite good. While waiting for my food the bar tender kept telling me these random stories which I found to be hilarious, did a great job killing time before the food came out.Then it was time for the good stuff, the tacos. I ordered one with cabeza, one with lengua, and one with goat. The first two were very good, very delicious, but I found the goat to be a little tough. The tacos were very good and bonus points for  having lengua and cabeza on the menu. Would go back in a heart beat
5	Hussongs was a very welcome surprise for us.   Since I had been to Ensenada numerous times to the original Hussongs,  I talked my wife into stopping off for a  quick margarita.   We found the mariachis,  the chips and salsa,  and especially the margaritas to be authentic and great.   We ended up staying for over 4 hours,  joking and laughing with the wait staff.  The only thing missing was the car battery test from the original place in Ensenada.We ordered tacos,  quesadillas, and  other than being a little too salty, everything was just like Ensenada.  .   the servers all paid attention to us  ,  the drinks were especially strong.  Whenever we need an Ensenada fix we will visit Vegas.
5	I've been wanting to try this place out for a while, and it ended up beyond worth the wait! The atmosphere is great, all kinds of random/funny things on the walls and around the bar area. They have Mariachi's sometimes, girls with shot bandelos, and handful of flat panel tvs. The staff was very friendly and made us feel like we were regulars. The chips and salsa were on par with Lindo Michocahn's, and the Original Margarita could be the best I've had in Vegas. For food, I had the Beef Tongue (Lengua) Burrito with Green Sauce, and it was extremely delicious. It is a good size portion so I had the last 1/4th the next day reheated and it was still good! The lobster tacos will prolly be my next endeavor there.
5	I wish there was one on the East Coast! Every time I am in Vegas I have to stop in for the margaritas and tacos. They are both as authentic as it gets! The ambiance is great too... it reminds me of a Mexican saloon. The complimentary chips and salsas (you get a couple) are delicious. I have tried most of the appetizers, all of the salads, as well as the chicken and lobster tacos. So far - the nachos, fried avocado salad and lobster tacos are at the top of my list. If you are adventurous, I've heard the bone marrow dish is out of this world. The bartenders are great and make every margarita by hand to order... I mean squeezing the limes and all! It is certainly a must try next time you're in Sin City!
5	Finally, a fantastic restaurant in Las Vegas that doesn't cost a fortune.  I went to Hussongs with a bunch of my buddy's as we were just looking for an inexpensive start to a long night.  What we got was the best margaritas, good beer cheap, outstanding Mexican food and cute waitresses and bartenders.  Our intention was to start the evening there and move on to a club after a few drinks but ended up closing the joint down after many shots of tequila!If you have ever been to the original in Ensenada and had as most do, an unforgettable experience, I can tell you that this place does the original justice.  With a motto of "More Tequila, Less Ice", it is tough to go wrong.
3	I'm knocking this place down to 3 stars. The food wasn't nearly as good this time around as my previous two visits. The base of the sope seemed thicker and chewier than before and the chicken and carnitas toppings were overcooked and dry. The lobster tacos were stuffed with lettuce, cotija cheese, sour cream and other stuff that I could barely taste any lobster. Less ingredients would have made this a much better dish. The chicken flautas were so bone dry and overcooked that they were pretty much inedible.Overall, it was a real disappointment considering we enjoyed their food previously. The service was also a little spotty, but it seemed like there weren't enough waitresses for all of the tables. The food is overpriced, so if you go make sure you get a gift certificate from restaurant.com.
2	Got a recommendation from the bellhop that this was good, reasonably priced food. Having grown up in CA I guess my expectations were too high. The only good thing about the stale chips was that they were free. They didn't bring them out until after we had ordered and were finished with our first round of drinks and brought one basket for a table of nine. Salsa was decent, especially the verde. I ordered the dorado lobster tacos. Very little lobster which was under-seasoned. Beans were bland as was the rice and they wouldn't let me substitute soup or salad which was what I wanted anyway. Pretty average. Staff was friendly but distracted. They comped my friends meal without her having to ask when she found a hair in it. Service was friendly but distracted. They clearly need a dedicated bartender and not a waitress that has to bartend for all her tables. Did I mention they put salt on my mango margarita?
2	So my gf and I yelped a bunch of new spots to try this time around, and since this place was on restaurant.com we thought we'd definitely give it a shot. Oh well, they can't all be winners!We ordered the nachos, fish tacos, and sopes. Everything LOOKED good, but didn't taste it. The fish tacos were the best thing between everything we ordered. The nachos and sopes were just bland. Prior to the food, they bring out chips and salsa. The chips weren't bad, but the salsa was straight marinara sauce. Borderline sweet! No bueno! The service was good, and the atmosphere isn't bad. All in all though, there are WAY too many good food spots in Vegas to ever want to come back here. I don't know HOW I missed Burger Bar next door, I saw it as we left Hussong's, I wanted to kill myself.
5	I had the best experience at Hussongs! I was in Vegas for Labor Day weekend with 3 of my friends and we headed to Hussong's before we went out on the town. We got a table almost immediately and had a great, chill server. The ambiance is great because everyone is just there to have a great time with great food, drinks, and service. We got nachos and tacos and OMG sooo good! Can't forget to mention the endless chips and salsa which come with two different and delicious salsas. The margaritas were delicious too, and everything is reasonably priced, especially for Vegas. Go to Hussongs if you want delish Mexican with a friendly and fun environment!
1	The hostess was very nice and invited us in to dine so we said OK lets try something new.  We went in sat down and started looking over the menu.  After a while we noticed that no one had checked on us and at least 2 songs had passed by.  I looked at my wife and we decided to play a game.  We put both our empty water glasses out for the server to see and we counted how many times someone would look at them before they came over to check on us.  Menus down and empty glasses out, servers glanced over our table 11 times before we decided to leave.  This place needs work.
5	I eat at Hussongs Cantina each time I travel to Las Vegas, and it keeps getting better and better. From the delicious margaritas with real lime juice ( no machines or blenders), to amazing fried artichoke salad and pork tacos. This place is a MUST when in Vegas. Prices are great for the amount of yummy food you get. The mariachi band is fantastic and plays all kinds of fun music. Great for parties, bachelorette/bachelor parties or just watching sports in the bar with all the tvs. If you want true, authentic mexican food, HUSSONGS Cantina is your go to place in Vegas. Cheers!
3	I get really tired of every restaurant on the strip having to charge $10 bucks for a drink. It's not that I am cheap by any means but I struggle paying $10.00 for a well Vodka bloody mary. That being said the food and the service are er solid.
1	Methinks this place is a complete rip off.  I read the reviews on Yelp and was excited to give this place a try on our recent trip to Vegas.  What an extremely disappointing experience.  We got there during happy hour and the margaritas were 2 for 1.  Cool......even better.  Well not so much.  First the place was not crowded in the least, however, it was taking forever for someone to take our order.  Finally we had to ASK to be served.  The margaritas come in a plastic cup with lots of ice and no lime!  Had to ASK for lime in the margarita.  Okay.....not off to a great start here.  It didn't get much better.  The margaritas sucked!  The worst we have ever had!  Not a bit of flavor, sure the alcohol level was close to zero.  The waitress comes around and we tell her these taste like crap.  She points to a jug of premade margaritas behind the bar and tells us this is what they serve during happy hour!  Really.........I say, well why don't you change your sign out front advertising 2 for 1 margartias during happy hour but beware..........they are premade and tast like crap.  The margaritas you get for $1 at some casinos in Vegas were 10 times better; which is not saying much at all!   The waitress left and asked if she could make it better by bringing us all a shot.  She comes back with 4 shots of tequilla that smelled as bad as it tasted.  I tried putting it in the margarita to give it some kick and or flavor.  Oh my........I couldn't even drink my watered down tastless margarita after that.  I don't know what the hell kind of tequilla that was but I am sure it is the happy hour special crap they try and pawn off on unexpecting customers.  Definately save your money and time and go to Margaritaville on the strip.  That place is the bomb.  Way better margaritas, service and atmosphere.  Plus the nachos are awesome!  We had Hussongs nachos, once again on the happy hour menu, and they sucked as well.  You get about 6 chips and a crap load of beans and cheese.  Hussongs definately does not have it going on.  This was the only disappointing experience during our trip and we visited lots of places on the strip.  Margaritaville rocks.  Give it a try and mark this place off your list of things to do in Vegas.
4	Any person that loves drinking margaritas MUST experience this place! *Tip - order the original first, experiment afterward (if your totally addicted to the original) The food is good not exceptional the margaritas are all world, the service was friendly and attentive.
5	This was excellent food and reasonably priced for being on the strip and at the casino mall area.  I ended up eating here twice since the food was so good.  The staff was also friendly, polite, and quick.The chips were well made, light on the oil and moderate on the salt.  The salsa was thick with nice tomato flavor that was bright, rich, and crisp.First time I enjoyed the fish tacos. The tortillas were soft and substantial enough to not fall apart on me during my meal.  The fish had a crisp breading with a moist interior that was evenly cooked.  The lettuce was fresh and the tomatoes juicy.  The guacamole was creamy and had a small hint of lemon for freshness.  The additional bonus is that you can order an extra taco or two if you are really hungry.The second vist I went with a pork burrito "wet" style or covered with sauce.  The burrito was large and well filled.  The pork was tender and rich in flavor that was been roasted.  There was also a crisp crust on the pork that added another dimension to the flavor.  The brown mole was thick and rich with a complex smokey flavor that blended well with the pork and the cheeses.  The rice was soft and served as a nice counterpoint to the rich mole and juicy pork.Side dishes of beans and rice were standard but didn't stand out in my mind.  However, you don't go there for side dishes.  Overall this was excellent food and I would happily return to eat here.  I would probably even travel to get to Mandalay to eat here.
4	Went for just a snack and a mexican food kick and was really surprised.  Came in and the 3 mariachis were playing Pink Floyd "Another Brick in the Wall".  So it was fun from the get go.  We had the carne asada sopes.  They were so good.  The masa was freshly fried and it was a hot tiny pillow of goodness.  I could pop these all day.  $8 for four tiny things.  They are about the size of cup cake liner.   I don't know about the rest of the food other than the chips and salsa. They get a 3.  But I would definitely go back for these.
4	After walking and rushing from one end of the strip all the way to Mandalay Bay just so we can get our Lion King tickets before the box office close, we were SO GLAD to have found this place. And a good thing we did because we got to try the Bone Marrow and it was SUPERB! It sounded weird at first but apparently the Bone Marrow were these large bone marrows served with sides of chimichurri salsa, onion-cilantro mix and corn tortillas. It was on the fatty side, but it was delicious and a cool experience. I ordered the Quesadilla while my friend ordered the tortas. We both thought the quessadilla and tortas were just OK while the bone marrow was something to rave about. I like the chips and salsa that we got when we sat down- spicy!
3	I was looking for something quick to eat for lunch and stumbled by this place between the Mandalay bay and luxor.  Food and service were ok. A good place if you're looking for something to eat and get in and out.
3	what does HUSSONG have to do with a Cantina?I LIKE the music they play here, a little funky vibe! the service was great and the tortilla soup was g oo d! the tacos, umm not the best in town like they boasted, but not bad. any place calling themselves a cantina, should serve complimentary chips & salsa, thats all im saying!
2	Not the greatest Mexican food.   Definitely overpriced for the quality of food served.    I ordered the "enchiladas" and I didn't think they were very good.  They seemed to be a bit tough when I tried to cut in half.  I didn't really think you could screw up rice and beans...you can actually screw up rice and beans.  I'm sure you can find cheaper and inexpensive Mexican food off of the strip.
3	I've been here about three times. Some things are good, some things suck. For example, this place claims to be the Home of the Original Margarita (apparently created in 1941).  Just goes to show that time can improve upon almost anything... because their margaritas suck!  They are super sour and not much tequila.  I also hate mai tais from Trader Vics.  Original does not mean good, people!But the food here is actually pretty unique if you are adventurous.  It is high quality food and the price reflects that (e.g. $4 per taco, which are small street tacos).  You can get bone marrow tacos (which I actually would not recommend), beef cheek tacos (which I do recommend if you like gamey flavors) and tongue tacos (gotta try everything at least once - and not too bad!).  Just keep in mind, the portion sizes are seriously small and they charge extra for things you normally wouldn't expect, like getting diced tomatoes and lettuce on your tacos.  I mean seriously, 50 cents for lettuce on my tacos!?! That better be some seriously good, mind-blowing lettuce.Just make sure to ask a lot of questions about portion size and presentation before ordering so you aren't surprised or disappointed.  For example, as other reviewers have said, the nachos are basically individual chips with the nacho toppings expertly placed on them.  Not the typical huge plate of tortilla chips covered in toppings that we normally associate with bar food.One thing that is great about this place is the mariachi band.  They are hilarious!  One of them has a harp!  They play a great variety of songs and occasionally call for audience participation, which can score you free drinks.  My friend and I were the loudest at yelling "TEQUILA!" during the Tequila song which scored us free tequila shots.Also, the chips and salsa are free and are both pretty good! Despite the fact that the chips come out of what appears to be a popcorn machine.Keep an open mind, stay away from the margaritas, be prepared to shell out a bit more than you normally would, and make sure you come here when the mariachi band is playing (call ahead).  Then you will have a good time!
1	If you are looking for real Mexican food and good service.....THIS IS NOT THE PLACE!I'll start with the chips and salsa. Chips were pretty good, salsa was NOT. It reminded me of canned sauce. In fact, we asked the waitress about the salsa and found out that it also doubled as the enchilada sauce as well as the sauce they put on the wet burritos. Not much effort going on in the kitchen.We ordered several apps and all 3 of us ordered an entree. I was going to order the tacos, but they were $4 ea for meat only and $0.45 for each addtl topping, so you could easily spend $6 per taco.....and you had to order 4 to get beans and rice....so, for 4 tacos it would cost you about $24.....yikes. The tacos were served on the mini corn tortillas that are about 3" in diameter.  Our waitress was not very good at her job. The bus boy should've actually been the waiter. She was not very attentive. In fact, we were fortunate enough to have a coupon for a free taco, so we tried one each. When we got the bill, they charged us for the tacos.....If you are looking for good food, go somewhere else. You can get better Mexican food at taco bell.
4	The wife & I had great time. Host was pleasant very caring. Chips to die for super.  Wife had nachos I had the special taco & a beer.
4	Great staff and food. Margarita is superb.
4	I don't understand wbarhy this place is not busier, great food, decent prices and really good service. They even had mariachi that was singing 80's and 90's music that was really good. I wish I remembered the waitresses name because she was great. The torilla soup rocked and the corn on the cob was unreal.
3	Since my review I have been in contact with the management of Hussong's and have been reimbursed for my visit.  They indicate there has been re-training of the staff and are hopeful this will make a difference.  I am pleased they listened and were willing to make it right.
2	I had the carnitas quesadilla and could not believe how small it was. The carnitas didn't have much flavor either.  The bartenders also didn't know how to make a couple simple shots we requested so we ended up with a jager and cranberry concoction.
3	Very good. Fast, reasonable, in a good location.We had Cesare salad and the Hussong ribeye. Very well seasoned, cooked to our request (medium) and sides were very tasty.If you are in for a bar meal to get away...this is a very friendly spot to enjoy.
1	Food is great, but the service is terrible. Waiter tried to upsell us during happy hour and was very cool to us as we weren't drinking as much as the couple across from us. Save yourself a trip and go  to tacos and tequila instead.
5	Wow...the Steak Burrito was to die for!  I got it mojado style with both the red and green sauce and I literally cleaned my plate.  Soooo delicious!A little pricey, $15 for a burrito, but what do you expect for a restaurant in a Las Vegas casino.  By looking at their menu, seems like they have something for everyone, they even had bone marrow as a "meat" option for your burrito or tacos.  Two thumbs up!
2	I will start by saying that since I'm half Mexican I'm notoriously hard on Mexican food places.We visited Hussong's because we needed to get a quick bite before The Lion King.  Our first choice, The Burger Bar, had a wait so we decided  to go next door to Hussongs.I found it to be extremely overpriced.  I understand it's on the Strip but I can see paying almost $20 for a rice and beans dish.We decided to get appetizers.  My daughter ordered the chicken quesadillas and said they were good but greasy.  I ordered the taquitos and got three very small tacos.  The tortillas were small than El Pastor sized tortillas.  The tacquitos were good but nothing to be excited about.  My friend ordered the Queso Fundido with chorizo.  I get that chorizo is a very greasy sausage but she literally spooned a couple of tablespoons of grease out of the bowl before being able to eat it.  Draining the chorizo wouldn't have affected the taste of the dish at all.Service was quick and friendly but all in all it was pretty unimpressive.  I'll stay off the Strip and stick to El Sombrero or something similar
3	Valentines 2/14/11Bopped in here for a quick margarita tonight before we left the strip. I have only had a full meal here once but the burrito I had was $15 and worth every penny. The burrito was double the size of a Chipotle style and even more tasty. Margaritas are decent price for being apart of the Mandalay Bay chain as well as the authentic tacos. Mostly a noisy bar atmosphere but well decorated with a great friendly staff.Good place to catch a quick drink of a meal before heading out on the strip.
5	I have spent a lot of time at Hussongs Las Vegas in the last year and wanted to make sure everyone was aware of this "gem" at Mandalay Place. I know the name from the famous location in Ensenada, Mexico so I wanted to see if it was the same. Although there are slight differences like cleanliness and they serve food unlike Mexico, the atmosphere and good times abound! The "Banda" is awesome and makes it for a good time during the night, the bar serves great drink specials. My favorite food items are the Nacho's and Baja Tacos... Keep an eye out on FB for specials - thats how I stay updated with them. Dont forget the "Shocker"!
3	Great happy hour place with a friendly staff and live music.  The salsa was pretty decent  (remember this is a Texas girl reviewing) and the nachos were fully customizable.  Drinks were served cold and quickly.
3	Had lunch there after a morning of classes at my conference.    Hubby and I ordered fish tacos.  We liked them, but they were nothing we haven't had done just as well elsewhere.  We had discount cards, offered through my conference, for a free margarita or a free taco.  I got the free margarita, which I really enjoyed (free is good!).  Hubby decided to have the free carnitas taco.  This was a joke!  It was free, so we can't complain much, but it was so tiny.  We had a good laugh over it; I definitely got the better deal with the margarita!  Service was subpar.  We had to ask a few times for our chips and salsa, and my husband never received the drink he asked for.  Speaking of the chips and salsa, the red salsa tasted like marinara... not spicy at all. Spendy for what you're getting, but they're taking advantage of being in a prime location -- Mandalay Place.  During our stay, we also ate at T&T, which is not far from Hussongs, in Luxor.  I'd recommend T&T over Hussongs.
3	Decided to stop by Hussong's Catina before a show at the House of Blues. I LOVE Mexican and I'm usually pretty easy to please. The food was maybe a 6 out of 10. The waitress was friendly but borderline too friendly if you're pickin' up what I'm puttin' down. I bumped up the rating by one star because of the a-mazing slash terrible white guy mariachi band with a harp player. The location is convenient if you don't want to leave Mandalay Bay.
4	I am a big fan of Hussong's - and for one reason: the nachos. The nachos here are some of the best I have ever had. There are several options to choose from, and every time they do them just right. Great chips, great toppings, and just the right amount of toppings. And considering the size of the portion (and the quality of the toppings), the price isn't all that bad. Other menu items are ok, but it is the nachos that keep me coming back.Now, praise of the nachos aside, I don't care for their margaritas, the service can be spotty, and it can be too loud and obnoxious for me at peak times. But if you come in before the dinner rush, sit at the bar, and order the nachos, it can be just right.
2	I ordered the Chicken Fajitas which were average.  The food is nothing special and the service is very slow.
2	This place was slightly below average for me.  I went here for dinner with some friends while staying at Mandalay Bay.  The dinner itself took a long time- our food seemed to take forever to cook and they brought out the wrong order for one of my friends.  If you order the quesadilla, beware the it will arrive looking like a pizza with some chunks sprinkled on top.  The restaurant was loud, mainly because of the trio of singers/musicians loudly serenading the patrons in Spanish for tips.  Unfortunately they came to our table just as our food arrived and probably breathed all over it, delaying our meal even further.  This place is convenient and the food is decent, but don't go for the ambience.
2	Sat at the bar for a quick lunch before heading out to the airport.  The bartender was okay but he was trying to act cool making it very hard to understand a word that came out of his mouth!  We ordered the enchiladas and vegetarian tres tacos.  The food was mediocre and definitely not worth the price.  The filling for the vegetarian tacos was blah - potatoes, a few carrot pieces and a mushroom?  Really?  No red/green peppers, no onions, nothing remotely Mexican?  The beans are not vegetarian by the way - make sure to ask!My boyfriend liked his margarita but I did not.  Overall a disappointment.
4	Great margaritas!! We were there right at open (11am) trying to cure our hangovers. The hostess had a separate print out menu for vegetarian options which made is super easy. I'm the type of person who has trouble making decisions, luckily the bartender (super hot tattooed girl) was great at making decisions for me. She guided me towards the classic margarita (soooo delicious!) and the enchiladas. The beans and rice are not vegetarian, but they accidentally ended up on my plate so she got me this white rice, which was alright, but the enchiladas were really good. It took a few minutes for them to correct the wrong beans and rice, which meant they actually remade the plate, yes! Their chips are thick and the red salsa has a bit of a kick, salsa verde was good too. Overall great service, we stopped in for another margarita before we headed to the airport, they are just so good! The bartender was very friendly, we will definitely be stopping in on our next trip to vegas!
4	I attended a private party here and had a great time!!!  So this review has nothing to do with me attending here as a customer, sitting at a table and ordering off of a menu.When I first walked in there was a Taco Cart...nice!!!  There was a choice of pastor, chicken or steak.  I got two steak tacos to start.  The steak tacos were really good.  I also heard people raving about the pastor but I am not a big pastor fan.I also went to the bar and asked for a Margarita.  I also told that bartender that I did not like the mix and I was able to get mine made with fresh squeezed lime.  That makes me and my stomach happy!  The staff was very fast getting drinks even thought the place was packed from wall to wall.I went in back to check out the buffet and picked up a taste of everything.  The food was really good and it had been sitting for a while in the heating trays.  I would love to come back here and order off of the menu one day!My favorite part of the whole night was the Mariachi Band...these three guys were the Mexican Version of the Three Stooges.  They were so funny and they played every and all requests.  Our whole group was laughing so hard.  I asked for some Pink Floyd and they started playing Brick in the Wall.  I kept thinking...what have I done but the room loved it.  These guys were so much fun.  I asked at the front and they told me that these guys play on the weekend.  I really want to come back and listen to these guys again!!!There was also a cardboard cut out of the Dos Equis Guy...if you angled the camera correctly it kind of looked like he was real.  In fact, a few people of facebook thought he was real and were surprised when I told them he was really cardboard.We all had a good time...I wish I could have stayed longer but I had to get up early for work the next morning.  I hate when work gets in the way of free food and drinks in Vegas!!!
4	HUSSONG'S CANTINAThis place is home to some of the largest burritos known to man. At a whopping $15 per burrito, it sure comes packing! We ordered our burrito with steak, chicken, and carnitas, and topped it off with red/spicy and green sauce. In addition, we ordered a large carnitas-topped nachos supreme for half-off, due to Happy Hour. For our first meal in Las Vegas, it was enough for the two of us, as each entree was gargantuan! Not a bad start to Vegas!
3	We stopped in to Hussong's for a quick bite to eat before heading over to New York New York to see Zumanity. We were seated quickly, and had chips, salsa (two kinds, a red and a green), and water brought to our table right away, which was nice.The food, honestly, was alright, but the lobster tacos were what really drew us in, and they were a disappointment. The shells were deep fried, which really overpowered any flavor of lobster...or anything else in the taco. I ended up scraping everything out of the shell, and that was marginally better, but still. Sad. The steak quesadilla, on the other hand, was really good - it was served "open face" instead of folded over like a normal quesadilla, so it looked more like a pizza, but hey, whatever. It was tasty. I liked that the sour cream was drizzled over the quesadilla instead of served on the side, and even though the quesadilla apparently no longer comes with guacamole, our server brought me a side order of guac anyway with no additional charge.The salsas were interesting - the texture of the red one reminded me of marinara sauce, but it was actually really tasty and slightly spicy. I tried the green salsa, which was the one my husband preferred, but it didn't have the same heat as the red, so I ignored it after the first couple of bites.Our drinks (a Mexican mojito and a Mango Margarita) were really good - a little bit pricey, but overall tasty and a decent deal for Vegas. Service was fast, if not overly friendly, and the Mariachi band was cool. They played everything from Pink Floyd to the traditional Mariachi music, and we enjoyed listening to them. We also enjoyed looking at all of the decor around the restaurant, as there was a LOT to look at. I'm regretting we didn't get a photo with the cardboard cutout Dos Equis guy!Overall, I probably wouldn't be back in, as there are PLENTY of places in Vegas to eat, but it was still an alright meal.
5	Great on all accounts, food, service and ambience!  They nailed the jalapeno app and the baja tacos were awesome.  The lobster was my favorite.  I drank a herrdura reposado marg, the bartender was the bomb.  I seriously cant wait to get back up there and do it again.  Thanks Hussongs! Great Job!!!
3	Decent, good for pre-game or pre-activity drinking, but not if you are looking for authentic Mexican food
1	I had such high hopes for this place but it was not good at all.  This is the only time that I have left my table at a restaurant to go to the bar to get a refill on my soda.  The bartender shot our server some nasty looks but he apparently didn't care.  We ordered two sets of nachos, one chicken and one beef, and they were comparable to what one would have at Taco Bell.   Pass.
2	Gosh, this place sucks.   Service was crappy.  Takes forever to eat.  Also, the chips were really thick and the salsa tasted like spaghetti sauce.  Far far far from the best mexican food I've ever had.  Felt like a rip off.
3	The shrimp tacos were really good here. The fried fish taco, not so much. First off the chips and salsa here are pretty good.  The chips come out nice warm and salty.  The salsa has a nice spice.  The waitress was nice enough to let me order a half plate of fried shrimp tacos and fried fish taco.  I wish i got just the fried shrmp. The fish was pretty dry and flavorless, it was small and i could barely get through it.Price isn't too bad sort of a decent cheap place to grab a meal.One wierd thing that happened was my coworker forgot something behind and we called to check if they were in possesion of it, they put hm on hold for like 10 minutes and then just hung up on him.
5	Great food Great Song
4	Nachos are so bomb! I ordered it without sour cream & added chicken. Ingredients tasted so fresh & I'm going back for more.
5	This place is awesome. The corn is amazing. The nachos are great and the margaritas are the best I've ever had. Staff was friendly and the service was great.
3	Got food poisoning from here. Won't happen again.I got a quick and concerning response from Hussong's shortly after I posted this. They are looking into the situation and will be contacting me. First time a company doesn't try and brush it under the table. That makes things a little better.Everyone else in my party enjoyed their meal, so I guess I'll change my rating.
5	I came for my friends birthday, and I have to say that this place is awesome. The mariachi was so good they were taking all kinds of requests. The meals are a decent price but you should know that this is a restaurant and it wil have standard restaurant prices. The kicker for me were their margaritas, they make it nice and strong but still tastes so good you lose track of how many drinks you've had. Overall the experience was great and I ordered their chicken which had a great marinade.
3	The service was friendly and efficient, but the food was just ok.  For all of the dining choices in Vegas, I would not run back to this place!  There are other Mexican restaurants with better food and atmosphere.
1	Just ate here. The lengua tacos are waaaaay over cooked. They were mush on the plate full of grease. The chicken enchiladas are very dry and soaked with their green sauce which kills the dish. I don't recommend coming here if you want Mexican. Food.
3	Delicious food, great drinks, friendly service.  A little pricey, but what restaurant on the strip isn't? Would be better if it were not located essentially in a mall, but still good.Their skinny margarita is probably the best I've had anywhere.
3	This is a review of the bar only. The margaritas are good, handmade with fresh lime juice, which I like. My husband and I are not fans of the syrupy store bought mix margaritas. The only downside is the price, the margaritas are good, but they are not that good! I love a bar that serves up great drinks, but when they price gouge, it's kind of buzz kill!
1	We were in Las Vegas for a week and ate at Hussong's Cantina one night for dinner.  The yelp reviews were on the OK side, and since we were craving Mexican food we decided to go there because it was within walking distance to our hotel.The GOOD- The only good thing about this place is the location- right in the middle of the Shops at Mandalay Bay.The OK- I ordered the chicken enchilada suizas.  They were ok.  Nothing special, and I've definitely had better.  My boyfriend ordered the Cuatro tacos with carnitas and carne asada. He didn't like them at all! They were dry and the meat did not taste good.  Neither of us finished our meals, I think I ate one enchilada and he ate 2 of his 4 tacos. The chips and salsa they give you is not that good either.  We were starving so we ate some of the chips they gave us, but overall the food was not that good.  The service was ok, but I did have to ask a few times to get a straw.The BAD- The mariachi music was so LOUD!  My boyfriend and I were sitting right across the table from each other and had to yell to even hear what the other person was saying.  Also, $60 for a pitcher of margaritas, and $18 for one margarita!!!  That is INSANE to charge that much!  I get it's Las Vegas and everything there is expensive, but c'mon, that is absolutely ridiculous!  Overall, when we are in Vegas again next year, we will be seeking Mexican food elsewhere at other establishments...
2	Service is bad here. Food does not come all at once. Be prepared to eat in shifts. Food is average. Burger place next door is better.
4	Be sure to check in three times to get the free Corn (Plazerro?). I didn't know it was possible to make corn on the cob that delicious. $13 was a great deal for the "Bulldog" margarita on Thursdays. Perfect way to start the evening. It gets you half way there.For lunch, I had a Chimichanga. It was one of the best I've had, and I'm from California, so I'm used to very good Mexican food. The staff was very friendly, and the service was well above average. Nice addition to Mandalay Bay.
5	Really great tequila selection and they make margaritas the right way - no sweet & sour mix!    Natalie behind the bar was awesome - friendly, knows her tequila and gave good food recommendations.    El Pepino margarita is great if you like it spicy!
3	Bubble was busted when I ordered a "blended" strawberry margarita only to be told they only serve drinks on the rocks!Good food and decent service.
4	One of our favorite Mexican places on the Strip!  The funny thing is that you would think it's a Chinese restaurant based on the name.  We asked our server the story behind the name and she gladly shared it with us.  Cool vibe, friendly staff, chill atmosphere.Try the Sopas, Tortilla Soup (although it's better at Border Grill), Street Tacos, and OH YEAH, the Fried Ice Cream!!We are regulars here!!
1	This is by far the worse Mexican place I've ever been to!!! Other people who say this place is good have obviously never been to a real Mexican restaurant. The food is very Americanized and not authentic at all. The portions are super small for the price. Come on, $17 for 4 little tacos?!?!? I've had better tacos at Del Taco. I came here for a friends birthday, but I will never ever come here again. And for some reason, the cashier messed up and ended up charging $283 on my card when our bill was only $40. STAY AWAY!!!!!!
4	A fun palce inside the Mandalay for beers and happy hour.  They have really tasty happy hour food (tacos, chips and guac, etc.) so be sure to check them out.  Also they feature a Yelp Check-In offer after the 3rd check in.
1	This place was awful! Food was horrible! The only thing good were the drinks, which we had to order to get the taste out of our mouths! Go to Tacos and Tequila if you want some Mexican Food.
4	We went to Hussong's for a late lunch before a college basketball game earlier this year. I was curious about it when a friend had mentioned they had been to the other location in Ensenada. This could easily be my favorite place in Vegas for Mexican food and margaritas! The chips and salsa could have been a meal alone, they were so yummy. The service was excellent, as were my fish and veggie tacos. It is definitely Baja style food but at Vegas prices, which didn't surprise me because it's located in the Mandalay Bay shops. I will definitely be back here!
5	First off we had the cheviche it was fresh and light a great starter. The quatro tacos are really good we got fish, shrimp, carnitas, and carne asada tacos they were all really great, and to top it all off we had the chiros wowowowow they are a great ending to a night beside one of there amazing perfectly tasting Margarita's. They staff was absolutely wonderful!!! GREAT SERVICE, GREAT FOOD, AND YOU CANT BEAT THE PRICE!!!
3	Good nachos, solid salsa, good happy hour margarita (I think they call it "the original")... Dos Equis 2 for 1s...Attentive service, but confusing as hell on the billing. Nachos were a happy hour special, they asked what meat we wanted so we said chicken  but on the side, since one of us was vegetarian. Little did we know, that would cost us $2 extra. Not a biggie, but still. Seriously? That shouldn't be a surprise to your guest when they unexpectedly actually look at the bill you probably don't want them to look at. The Dos Equis were more than expected because apparently the "special" at the bar did not apply during happy hour. What the hell!? Still cheaper than they would've been regularly, but that's sort of weird...They were cool about it though, and we'd go back.
4	My mother's family lives near the original Hussong's in Ensenada in Baja, and I've enjoyed a few (um, crazy) nights back in the day there.Hussong's Las Vegas is quite different. They have a decent-size menu, and friendly staff and management. Went there with the honey, and ordered a pitcher of original margaritas. They said they don't use pre-made margarita mix, which I find too sweet. The margaritas were sweet-made with agave nectar, but not over the top.Chips and salsa were good, and the salsas they serve have a good flavor and decent heat. I asked if they have a HOTHOT salsa, and the waiter brought out a salsa made with habanero and goodness know what else. After one taste, I couldn't feel my mouth for a good five minutes. If I was drooling, I wouldn't have felt it.We had a queso fundido appetizer with chimichurri. We added the chorizo to the dish, and it came with warm corn tortillas. Let me tell you, it was fantastic. The dish is small, but packed with flavor. Melted cheesy, meaty goodness, and we couldn't get enough.The boyfriend got the enchiladas plazeras at the waiter's recommendation. The plate looked like a mess, with potatoes, carrots and sauce on top that made it look like some sort of stew dish. The stew concoction on top was pretty good, but the enchiladas underneath all of that didn't have very much flavor.I got the fish tacos, and for fish tacos, they were quite tasty. Generous fish, lots of cabbage slaw and sauce. The portions on the entrees were generous, and we left stuffed and satisfied.We'll be going back to try another dish in the future, and to see the rock and roll mariachi band...which from what I hear, plays everything from rap to Black Sabbath. Coming from a mariachi-player family, I've GOT to see that....
4	So taking our girls, ages 1 and 8 on a quick business-trip from OC to Las Vegas actually was a great 3-day trip.  On the last night we needed to get away from the strip and 104 degree temps.  We dropped the rental car off early at the airport (ok not even close to the airport but that is another Yelp review for later) and headed to Mandalay Place for dinner.  The valet guys recommended the Burger Bar but we needed a margarita or 2 so Hussong's was calling our name!Having our girls with us, Hussong's was a great choice.  The mariacchi guys came over to play "its a small world" for our little Kelly and the experience was off to a good start.  The kids menu was great.  For adults we ordered the chicken street tacos and the beef quesadilla.  Both were excellent.  The service was pleasant but not over-bearing and the margaritas were amazing.  For a resort-area, the tab was reasonable enough.  I think we will be back!   Hopefully the mariachi guys will be there!!
4	Stopped in at Hussong's for lunch while staying at Mandalay Bay recently. The decor here definitely has a SoCal feel... stickers for KROQ, The Misfits and The Ramones adorn the wall behind the bar. There is also a pretty large selection of tequila along the back of the bar, telling me that some partying definitely goes on in this place.All of this made me curious enough to Google Hussong's, which is when I learned that this is their only cantina in the U.S. (the original is located in Ensenada, Baja California, Mexico).I ordered the four street taco platter, two chicken and two beef, all served on corn tortillas and topped with sour cream, cheese, pico and sliced jalapenos (each topping runs 50 cents extra). The chicken tacos were excellent - probably some of the best I have ever had. The beef tacos were okay - the meat was a little tough, but not too bad.Service here was great - the bartender immediately welcomed me when I sat down and made me a great bloody mary to start with until my food was ready. She also checked back with me several times to ensure everything tasted okay and asked if I needed anything else.While I was eating lunch, I noticed on their "specials" menu that they serve Chilaquiles for breakfast, something that my brother-in-law got me hooked on that I wish now I would have ordered (I don't find this dish on too many menus).Overall, the atmosphere here was laid back during the lunch hour, but I get the sense that this place gets very popular later at night. I will definitely be back to visit this place again on my next visit to Vegas.
2	Fun bartenders who made us laugh! gREaT corn on the cob, but wait staff can be slow and there is always a problem with the check.....
2	We stopped in for a quick bite before a concert at the Mandalay Bay Beach on a Saturday night.I had eaten here before when they first opened, I remembered it was average but we were willing to give it another try.There was a mariachi band playing and a football game on the tv at the same time, we couldn't hear ourselves think.The hostess seemed like we were bothering her when she realized we wanted a seat. Staff seemed a bit disoriented. Our waitress was great though, attentive and pleasant, I believe her name was Jessica.They serve free chips and salsa, chips needed salt, the salsas' were gross.We decided to split a steak burrito with cheese sauce...it was so bland. No spice at all, not much flavor going on. It was edible, but should only be served in an old age home.(no offense to the elderly)Oh and my husband ordered a Dos Equis draft, it was flat.We will never go back.
1	Food was terrible my order was way wrong,  service was terrible & it took forever to get our food! Will not go back and do not recommend
4	Skipped the Irish Pub to try out this Cantina.. totally glad I did.  Maybe it was the random rowdy group that stumbled in from Dick's... but I think it was the the Mariachi Band that was awesome as they put an ethnic spin on Bar Classic Jams (Neil Diamond to Pink Floyd?!).  They definitely got the whole place singing and literally stopped the passerby's from walking by and sucked 'em into a spot at the bar to join in on the fun.  Have the sopes to start and a pitcher or two of Margaritas!
5	We had a great experience at Hussong's! Not only was the food fantastic, but the hospitality by the owners was awesome. My husband and I ate there twice during our trip to Vegas because we liked the food so much.
5	Great food without the typical Americanized flavors. Service was very good and at times it felt that we had 10 servers checking in on us. Been there twice already!
5	The 48oz margaritas are to die for!  I bought the take home goblet and came back for refills a few times with some friends.  They were strong but mixed well so they were delicious!  The food was great and not too expensive but the atmosphere is the best part.  The bartenders and servers are exceptional and are genuinely friendly.
2	Fun atmosphere, and decent margaritas. If you plan on going order a cheese dip and drinks only. Skip the food and just have a couple drinks along with chips and salsa. Trust me, you will be glad you listened! Food is very bland and very expensive.
4	The food and service was surprisingly good. The tacos carnitas were delicious-- loved the pineapple relish.
1	Hands down the nastiest nachos and guacamole dip I have ever had. What the hell is cheese sauce? $12 margaritas were weak. If we walked another 500 feet we would have found T&T in the Luxor.
5	Great food without the typical Americanized flavors. Service was very good and at times it felt that we had 10 servers checking in on us. Been there twice already!
3	Stopped here with two of my buddies to eat dinner. Before getting ready for a night on the strip. We were pretty hungry. This place is ok. Nothing amazing. Beer and food was all we needed to refuel for a long night. And that we got.I ordered a chicken chimichanga. Came with beans and rice. The usual stuff. Buddies ordered some beef tacos, and nachos. Had a few rounds of beers. Also they were debuting some new tequila that night. So we got complimentary shots. Free is always good. Prices were ok. A little overpriced but thats expected. The atmosphere is pretty cool. They had a live band playing Spanish music that night. Not too loud, as others have stated. It's not a rowdy get your ass kicked kinda place. At least I didn't feel it was. But id come back if I was craving Mexican food in Vegas.
4	An authentic Mexican Restaurant created from a German Guy is direct translation of Hussong's.  Love mariachi three piece band. Love the Sombreros on the Deers on the wall. Love that you have to leave the restaurant for the bathroom.  Its just like back to the future.Next time I would like to request De Colores, por favor.  Perfect for large table parties but good for tables of two, too.Just make sure you get lemon or limes in the water. Just sayin...
4	Great environment, great food, and good customer service.
3	I wanted to like this place. Really I did. We were here for a week and hoped this place was good enough to eat here twice. I had a Vegas Insider card with a special deal, 2 for 1 margaritas and a free appetizer with 2 entrees. Also had a gift certificate from restaurant.com but did not got a chance to use it during this visit.At first I thought they made a mistake, but they indeed honored the card. We got the 2 for 1 margaritas and they knocked the price of an appetizer off of the bill. They were pushing a steak dinner special, maybe we should have spent a few more bucks for that. We decided on tacos instead. I had the steak tacos, my wife had the chicken tacos. Hers were greasy. Mine were dry. They weren't very good that day. Each taco dish also came with a small cup of beans and rice that were just ok.They do give you free chips and 2 cups of salsa to start off but the mild salsa that was so mild we could barely taste it (looked kinda like balsamic vinegar) and the hot salsa was HOT but had the consistency of watered down ketchup. It was not salsa, it was hot sauce. We got a side of guacamole as our free appetizer. The guacamole was good and fresh, with chunks of avocado. So good we put it on our tacos.The margaritas were good and strong. They were served in a 12 oz beer glass filled with ice. The Mariachi Band wasn't playing when we were here, but I hear they are just too loud, so we were just fine with the music playing through the sound system. Service was good. The hostess seated us right away and everything came out pretty quick. Our server was friendly and attentive. If you are looking for a place in Mandalay Place to enjoy a drink or two, they make a really good margarita. We just weren't impressed with the food. Will probably go back but will definitely try something else if we do.
5	I was pleasantly surprised by how good my meal was. I ordered the chicken chimichanga which came with the choice of red, green or cheese sauce. Our waiter suggested I order all three. Great choice!  It was delicious!  My husband loved it too! It was pretty large, so after filling up on chips and salsa, he gladly finished the other half of the chimichanga I couldn't eat.The salsa they brought out with the chips was deceivingly delicious. It looked almost like ketchup. Smooth, not the chunky tomato salsa I'm used to. But the flavor was amazing. I loved it. I could've eaten it by itself with a spoon.I'm going to have to remember this place the next time I am in Vegas!
5	This place is the real deal.  Authentic, good and reasonably priced for Vegas.  My chicken tacos were first rate, made with homemade corn tortillas and the guacamole was amazing.  I know my Southwestern and Mexican cuisine and this was definitely authentic Baja food.
4	This place had the perfect happy hour for a trio of budget travelers.  $5 taco and 24oz tecate!!!!!  Plus $6 LAYERED nachos!  The taco was so-so, but the nachos were actually some of the best nachos I've ever had in my life.  They were so loaded up with goodies that we had to ask for extra chips to finish them off!!!  Also, we were lucky to stop in on a Thursday, which happens to be the day to get $13 dollar bulldogs (margaritas with a pacifico poured in...normally $18!).  Service was a wee bit slow, but it wasn't so bad that it really phased us.
4	Came with a friend who LOVES Mexican food and we had a Restaurant.com code so it was an extra bonus. We shared an appetizer and a dessert and each got an entree. My friend was very happy with her happy hour margaritas. The portions were pretty big too so we both had leftovers. Our server was fast, friendly, and pretty funny too. The prices weren't too ridiculous and considering the amount of food we had coupled with the awesome discount we got from the coupon, we were pretty happy with what we got. The food was pretty good... Not fantastic but still better than a bunch of places I've been to recently. I'd come back.
5	Hussong's was awesome!!First off our waitress Brandi (sp?) was UNREAL!!!  Cute, nice, intelligent, well spoken, knew the menu and was very accomodating to our every need!The food was good, hot and authentic...beer was cold and served quickly...margaritas were fantastic.  If you are in the area...this place should be on your list...skip by Ri-Ra and go get some Mexican!!!Awesome is the simplest way to put it!
4	i stayed at Mandalay Bay recently and a hotel employee recommended this place for a casual lunch/dinner. I wasn't expecting much and nothing on the menu caught my eye..Little did I know how AMAZING the fish tacos are! WOW. Beer-battered mahi mahi with huge chunks of avocado in a delicious creamy sauce.I also tried the open-faced quesadilla which was pretty tasty, but I would recommend sharing it as the strong flavor gets to be too much.Since Hussong's last month, I crave fish tacos ALL the time!
3	Decent food. Great service.Something a little different but still good. Went for lunch and the husband loved the tacos. Try the cheese dip that is a little extra with the chips and you will be plesently surprised. So why only 3 stars? The other food was "meh" but at the same time the service was great.
1	They claim to have borracho beans but they are actually refried beans with no flavor. The Spanish rice is horrible. Very dry and no flavor. The staff is friendly but management is rude disrespectful.The General Manager was not friendly and kept starring and giving us smirks as she walked by. I am in the restaurant business and that is no way to treat your customers. I will never return.
1	Dreadful!  Went there Saturday night with a Travelzoo coupon that apparently identified us as unwelcome guests.  They sat us at the worst table ever & refused to move us even though we asked them to & there were other tables available.  We were in the middle of traffic & the table was so small that we had to put things on the floor to fit our food. The food was fair, the service was fair & the margaritas were quite tasty but I thought overpriced at $12.  The kicker was when they added an 18% tip for a party of two with no notification. We usually tip a minimum of 20% & found this insulting & a little underhanded.  We are locals & we will not be returning & will not be recommending this place.
3	On our way to Luxor from Mandalay Bay, we wanted to try The Burger Barn.  The wait was over an hour and we were starving.  So we decided to try Hussong's.It's more of a sports bar than a Mexican restaurant.  It worked for us since we love basketball and we could watch few games at the same time.We ordered...Blackberry Splash Margarita - not so goodEl Poblano Margarita - AMAZING!Steak tacos - delicious!  Huge portions that I couldn't finish.Cheese enchiladas - my husband enjoyed it.Overall a good experience.  Will I come back just for this restaurant?  Not likely.
2	Visited this place for lunch. It was pretty empty and I sat at the bar. The bartenderess was nice enough and attentive except when it came to bringing the check. That came out very slowly. The food was surprisingly plain. It started with thick tortilla chips with hot and mild salsa, neither flavorful. Both were thin versions of salsa, which is fine with me, but some flavor or even heat would be appreciated. For starters, I had the queso fundido, which was pretty good and came with soft corn tortillas to eat it with.  Then I had the steak tacos. These were completely flavorless, and improved to decent with the addition of a few good shakes of bottled hot sauce.The margaritas were actually pretty good, but they were insanely expensive, and I'm not one to complain about cost, especially on vacation.
2	I got nachos and it was layered so high that the cheese on the bottom wasn't melted. Also, I wasn't a fan of the corn mixed in with the nachos. The salsa was nasty.
2	The only reason I'm giving this an extra star is because I didn't get a chance to try their food. I'm keeping an open mind.This place was listed under "late night food" at the Mandalay Bay's selection of restaurants. We arrived at 12am expecting to satisfy our hunger after coming back to our hotel. Their "late night" menu only runs from 11pm-close, which was at 12am. Not only do you get only 1 hour to eat your food, but doesn't late night usually go until at least 2am??Also, when we arrived at the restaurant, there were no workers on the floor, so we decided to seat ourselves. The TVs were all still on and the small place still had quite some tables eating their food. I figured they were just a little busy, being that they had "late night specials". When a staff member finally spotted us, he didn't say anything. We had to ask if we could get menus, only to find out that the restaurant had already closed.They need to make a "WE ARE CLOSED!" sign.
4	Not bad. Happy hour is great 2 for 1 can't beat that. The roasted corn is amazing... yummy.
4	We went here with a group of friends...we had heard the food was good.  The food was fantastic and they have the best chips and salsa ever!  I would come back just for those.  We ordered margaritas by the pitcher...two different kinds, both were fantastic! It was very casual and down home which is hard to find in Las Vegas.
2	I am usually quite generous and forgiving, but Hussong's was an incredible disappointment. The hostess could not be ruder. It's a bar, really, and people are passing through. The food is meh. The service is horrible. I really hope that they take the time to improve overall. The Mandalay is one of the best places for customer service, but this place in the Shoppes was extremely disappointing.
2	Service and decor were ok but food was medicre at best
5	My friend and I came in here mid week so it was really slow and we were seated right away.  We ordered Margaritas (which were pretty pricey at around $12.00 if I remember correctly) but one is all you need for a good buzz!  We each ordered a soup and a quesadilla.  WOW!!!  Both were off the charts good.  The service was so nice and friendly we had such a good time.  I would be back for sure...even if it is expensive!
5	Excellent food and more reasonably priced than the more hyped up restaurants in the Casinos. We were a party of 6 with different dietary restrictions and tastes, yet each found something they really enjoyed. Nice atmosphere, friendly service. Skip the mediocre buffets and treat yourself to a good quality culinary experience.An unusual mariachi band will surprise you!
2	I loves me some fresh salsa... that said, we sat down and were immediately served chips and salsa. The red salsa looked like spiced ketchup and I was immediately worried. The green salsa looked like it would taste good but unfortunately neither was anything to write home about. The red was so bad that I didn't want to actually eat any of their food and the green just wasn't good enough to try anything else out. Hubby had a mojito which was good, minty and refreshing but that was about all that we were willing to try after the salsa. It's salsa, you can't really get it wrong, it's that easy! One star for fast / good service and another star for good chips and a good mojito :)
2	Terrible flour chips.  Salsas bad, no heat, one like watered tomatillos and balsamic-yuck.  Vegetarian menu a joke.  'veggie mix' on everything.  One person had a decent steak chile relleno, thus 2 stars.  It's not really Mexican food.  Don't bother.
2	I ordered the nachos. I had never tasted any like this before. They came on a large salad plate. They had beans, chicken, white cheese and lines of sour cream sauce and guacamole sauce. They were terrible. There was an odd taste to them. $14.00. My friend had an appetizer of 3 mini tacos. $8.00. Small and nothing exciting. We ordered a pitcher of Margarita's without asking the price. $45.00!!! No booze in them either. Very expensive for nothing exciting. Taco Bell would have been better and cheaper.
1	Terrible. Went for lunch.  Everything went wrong.  Food and service was awful.  I told the manager I had to go and needed to get back to my conference after over an hour of disaster. He told just to go ahead and leave without paying.  That bad.
5	Chicken arugula salad. 'Nuff said.
4	Just cruising through the shops at Mandalay Bay. We decided to grab some grub at this place. We came during the happy hour and were glad we did. The chips and salsa were good. We had the plate of pork nachos and the grilled corn. I loved the mayo butter they grilled on the corn. I would definitely suggest  that as an appetizer. And gotta love buy one get one free margarita happy hour. I enjoyed my experience and will come back.
4	Hussong's was better than I had expected from a Mexican place in the tourist-laden shopping mall that connects Mandalay Bay and Luxor.  It's hard to go wrong with a pitcher of Negra Modelo, and after flying all day if wasn't too hard to impress me or my co-worker who were in town for a conference.  We weren't pushing the culinary envelope or searching for the "real" Mexico among mall restaurants, and we were happy with the tacos and flautas that we ordered.  The good news:  It's loud and artificial, but it's fun.  The bad news:  The two salsas that came with the chips were both horrible, and lack of drink prices on the menu is a trap for the unwary.  Pitchers of Sangria were $40, but our pitcher of really good beer was a much more reasonable $22.  I'd go back on a future trip because it's perfect after a day of flying when you just want to eat and crash.
4	Ate here on our trip to Vegas last year using a Restaurant.com certificate.  Gotta love the places that let you include liquor the coupon.  We each had a large margarita that was delicious and not weak.  We shared the steak nachos that were excellent.  Shared a couple other appetizers that also hit the mark well.  A bit small of a space and you get to know your neighbors well.  Great deal with the certificate.
4	Love coming here when I stay at the Palms. I use a restaurant.com coupon.Love the margaritas, grilled corn, guacamole/chips. Gotta try one of those coronaritas.
2	With so many far better Mexican options within walking distance, and with a history so rich, Hussong's need to step up its game.The food just wasn't great.  Barely good.  Passable, more or less.  The margarita was good but not great.  The chips tasted stale and store bought.It was a wasted Vegas food opportunity for us.Hussong's, get better!
3	Came here for lunch as we couldn't decide where to go and just ended up hereIt started off great with us being seated fast and our waitress being at the table helping us with the menu and explaining specials. I ordered the carne asada plate and the rest of our table ordered. That is about where the great service stopped. A couple other people came after and it seemed that her service went to the other 2 tables as they got their food before us even after being seated well after us and they had their bill paid and left well before we could even get her attention for the bill. After getting the bill we had to sit around even more waiting for her to get it and return our card. This is the loss of the 2 stars as poor service can ruin an experienceThe food was pretty good though. My carne asada was very moist and very flavorful. I was able to make a burrito with it as they serviced it with chorizo beans, rice, and guacamole and sour cream and a tortilla. They also served some potatoes with it but they were meh at the best. Still had extra carne asada which was very nice as I was able to eat it alone and it was good. The chips and salsa was good and they had this tomatillo salsa that was greatOverall, I'd probably return but not if I was in a hurry or had to meet people somewhere
3	Came here for dinner with a bachelor party. The bachelor got a double shot of tequila on the house so keep that in mind!I ordered the carnitas tacos. The carnitas meat itself had a good shredded texture with solid flavor. The tortilla itself was rather bland and tore very easily so I had to eat half of the tacos with a fork. No biggie, but eating tacos with a fork is kinda weird. Other than that, the tacos were made with a pineapple salsa that had a good sweet tartness from the pineapple balanced against the heat of the peppers. This is what gave the tacos its signature taste and it tasted okaaaay. Nothing mind-blowingly spectacular but it's definitely different and it works!Some of my other friends got quesadillas which actually looked and smelled fantastic. And then other other friends got the baja sandwich which is like a torta. That looked quite delicious too and it was huge! They were only able to finish half and had to take the rest home to save for later!Warning: This place serves you infinite chips with a red sauce and a yellow sauce. Super addictive. We must've went through 10 baskets of these chips and by the time our food was finally served, we were all too full!!Overall, it was a decent experience. Not the greatest Mexican food I've had, but it's far from the worse. There are certainly better options available to you in Mandalay Bay, however, and the city of Las Vegas has a great culinary scene that Hussong's plays a very small, limited role in.
4	this little Cantina at the Mandalay Bay was very delicious and they have pitchers of beer they also have a live mariachi that walks around if you want them to sing a song they can either in English or Spanish from Lil Wayne to Vicente they are awesome!  I would definitely come back here!
5	Decided to check this out on a Saturday night during our recent trip to Vegas after reading good reviews about the food and the Rock n' Roll Mariachis. Ordered the Carne Asada plate and it was delicious! Chips were good and the Verde salsa is even better. Waitress was very attentive and the Rock n' Roll Mariachis were really entertaining- sang really good and were super nice socializing while taking song requests. Needless to say we were not disappointed and this has become a new favorite spot for us!
3	Hussong's is a convenient Mexican joint if you're staying at Mandalay.  Living in SoCal, there are so many wonderful Mexican restaurants to choose from and put Hussong's to shame.I ordered the shrimp fajitas - the service was slow, but when the fajitas finally came out they were okay.  Nothing to write home about.  If you're looking for something less fancy, I would check it out.  Otherwise, there are much better options around the area.
4	We needed a place cheap enough to be covered by our business expense account but fun enough to stand up as our only Sin City meal... and Hussong's fit the bill perfectly.My friend W had the Skirt Steak Chile Relleno, which was a nice-sized entree for $16.  I had a bite, and the steak was tender and the pasilla sauce was flavorful.  I went with the Grilled Corn app to start - amazing char, creamy mayo-butter and cotija cheese, then a zippy punch of hot pepper flakes (get this damn app!!!) - and the Tortilla Soup.  My meal came to $14, and I was very, very pleased.So, while we're sitting there in comes a couple women with Vegas showgirl headdresses and gowns, some fat cat businessmen, and 10 hot chicks in short, black dresses.  They flourish a Victoria tap handle and holler 'free Victoria beer for everyone!'... and the hot chicks start passing out tall glasses.  Woohoo!  It was a fun evening before that, but free beer (with a 2nd free beer brought out because my friend W sweet talked the closest hot chick) made for a great last memory before heading to the airport for our redeyes!
4	I have found my new spot! I really wanted to give this place 5 stars I really did! Our server was terrible :(OK, so let me start... We ordered a Margarita that was made for 2 people to share. Yes I got drunk off it and yes I had a designated driver. It cost $25 for it but let me tell you it was strong and 48 ounces of heaven. It lasted my whole meal and that was with my man drinking off it too. The downside was as we watched the server at the bar making it she put a toothpick in her mouth that she then put cherries on and then put in our drink. GROSS! I'm totally getting that drink again it was too good. It was called "The Romance".We started with tacos. If you show your local ID after 6 pm Mon-Fri you get up to 4 tacos at 50 cents each. YES just 50 cents each! They were by far the best part of the meal. You can pick between chicken, beef or carnitas.I had the "Enchiladas Suizas" which was very good. It had Chicken, Tamatillo Sauce, Sour Cream, and Salsa. It also came with rice and beans that were full of flavor. I asked the server if it could be made with flour tortillas instead of corn but she tried arguing with me (her name was Yolanda) that Enchiladas cant be made with flour tortillas because it wont hold together. I finally said that I get them that way everywhere else and that is how I would like them. You will see by the picture I posted that they held up just fine :)  This dish cost $15.My man had the "Beef Fajitas" and he ate every bit of it. He didn't like that it had corn grilled in with the veggies but he will know for next time to tell them to leave that off. This dish cost $19.My mans Dad had the "Chili Relleno"  and this cost $16. He really enjoyed it.I totally recommend this place to anyone who loves margaritas and great Mexican food!!!!!
4	At the time I had lunch here, there was a foursquare checkin offer for a free plazero corn for checking into Mandalay Bay shops. Let's just say that my quesadilla lunch + my free corn had me in the food coma necessary to snooze away the rest of the day poolside so I could party the night away. And my lunch tab was under $10.00! More money for the slots and cocktails! Oh yeah, the ingenious "open face" chicken quesadilla allowed me the freedom to pluck off all the tomatoes prior to folding it in half to eat. I'm a fan of lunch at Hussong's (eventhough I didn't have one of their world famous margaritas)!
5	So the other reviews here are not reflective of my experience whatsoever. I'm not sure if we just got dealt a really good hand or what, but I super enjoyed myself. The server was great at making recommendations for both food and drink, if the teeniest bit pushy (she could tell we liked her and after we had been served our food she pleaded, "Are you SUUUUURE you don't want any margaritas?" Yes we're sure. I have to drive in a minute and my friend has to go back to work). The hostess, however, was probably 17 and having the worst day of her life. No smiles, no acknowledgement when we asked for a table, just grabbing menus and leading us to a table. (I know, Girl, being 17 is hard. It's even harder when you hate your life. Smile a bit! It gets better, I promise. Molly out.)Anyway, I had a special--some kind of elevated Taco Bell Crunchwrap Supreme. But I don't want to insult it by calling it Taco Bell food, because it was really great. It was the first quesadilla-type food I ever had to eat with a fork. It was stuffed to the brim with whole slices of tomato, avocado, and raw jalepeno. All of it tasted super fresh. The chips and salsa left a little to be desired, but the green salsa was flavorful and fresh. Despite the sad hostess and salsa situations, I would like to try it again. Judging by the other reviews, I don't know if I'll get so lucky again, but I enjoyed it and would be willing to give it a try.
4	Being a vegan I was worried about having to be in Vegas for a week for work. I packed a cooler filled with healthy food, but upon checking into my hotel i realized there was no microwave or fridge. Bummer. I ended up eating out all week and had probably my favorite meal here at Hussong's. I go to B.C., Mexico often but have never been to Hussong's down there. The food and atmosphere are Americanized but still quite good. The waiter was awesome. I asked about getting the vegetarian burrito on the menu made into tacos. He asked me if I was a vegetarian, and I said yes. Then he brings out a nice big separate menu that was all vegetarian. Cool! I went with the tacos made on pink corn tortillas (ordered without cheese or creme) and serve with rice and black beans. The beans and rice were really good, and the tacos delicious. Chips and salsa were great as well.
4	Hubs and I went for a light lunch around 3 pm. Happy hour started at 4pm, and features some drink specials including $ for a 22 oz. Tecate and a taco. We drank a couple Dos Equis on draft, then my husband switched to PBR and I got a Modelo Negra. Not a lot of beer selection, but at a Mexican cantina, they have what you're looking for--Corona, Tecate, Dos Equis, Modelo. We split the nachos with steak, and they were wonderful! The best part about them, which I didn't even notice at first, was the grilled corn. So sweet and smokey, and nice addition to standard nachos toppings. We also had chips and salsa while we were waiting on our nachos to come out. I highly recommend. They come with two salsas, one red, one green. Both were fantastic, and whether or not it is, everything tasted homemade.
2	We used a groupon to eat at Hussongs. and the service was great. But the food was not. The chips are really bad. And the food tasted like something out of a box. If you are not familiar with Mexican food you'll probably be fine eating here, but if you like good Mexican food, this is not your place
5	Great salsa...
4	Dropped in at Hussong's for a dinner on a Saturday night with my husband, his aunt and her boyfriend. The aunt and her boyfriend had actually already been to Hussong's and wanted us to try the place out. They're out-of-towners - taking us locals to a place! Ha!The place is in Mandalay Shoppes next to one of my faves - Burger Bar. The place itself is small and narrow (also kind of like Burger Bar). And the tables are kind of close together, plus the place is a little cramped. More than a few times I felt like I needed to duck or scooch out of the way of servers trying to get food to other tables.We started with chips (two salsas - red, which is a very tomato-based salsa, and a green tomatillo salsa which had a bit of a kick, but not much). Thank goodness we opted to get a side of guac to dip the chips in. It saved the day! It had nice, big chunks of avocado in it, which made happy. I had the Enchilada Suizas. Chicken enchiladas with tomatillo sauce, sour cream, and (I think) basil leaves topped on them. Also comes with a side of beans and rice. Strangely enough, I was a fan of the beans. Usually I am not at Mexican places, but these beans I actually liked. They had more texture and chunks of beans than others I have had. The rice was pretty bland - nothing special. The enchiladas were quite refreshing because they were much different than others I have had. With the addition of the topping of basil leaves, it made this dish much more complex and the chicken was not shredded, it was more like large, moist pieces of chicken in the enchiladas.My husband had the carnitas platter, which comes with tortillas, peppers, onions, pickled onions, and a few other things. I tried some of the carnita and it was delish. They put a nice char on the meat and it actually comes out in CHUNKS, not shredded like so many other Mexican places. We ended the meal with sopapillas. They come with a small dollop of caramel ice cream and chipotle honey dipping sauce. You only get TWO sopapillas in the order. They were okay, but Lindo Michocan has better sopapillas.Overall I enjoyed the experience. The only complaints are the small space, crowded seating, and the kind of bland chips and salsa. The prices were not bad for STRIP prices.
3	It's a small chain that does a good job of being a chain.  We did have fun there and enjoyed our food.
3	Hussong's Cantina was a good place to grab a quick, cheap lunch while working at the Mandalay Bay Convention Center.  It was especially cheap for me because the Foursquare deal was written incorrectly, so I had two appetizers for half off, and my total bill came to under $10.  I loved their chips and salsa, which were fresh and tasty.  I thought the queso fundido was OK but not all that flavorful.  However, I really liked the crisp taquitos, which were well-filled and good.  Service was great and I'd return to try a margarita.
4	Awesome food and the margaritas are just mind blowing......Try Mango Guacamole and the chips and salsa were nice........good BAJA feel.....
2	The food was very bland, and WAY over priced. Expect to pay 30 bucks per person for bad mushy food. They do have a Great Margarita!! Would NOT recommend this restaurant for food, There are way better Mexican Restauants in town.
3	When I heard the name "Hussong's" I thought it was some type of Chinese restaurant. But paired up with the name "Cantina" threw me off as it's actually an Americanized-Mexican resto within the Mandalay Bay Shoppes. PERKS+ great service (attentive staff dressed in sports jerseys)+ gigantic drinks - they have specialties such as the "Bull Dog" (margarita + beer), but I opted for a sangria+ FISH TACOS ($14) two mahi mahi fish tacos were fried placed upon two corn tortillas with shredded lettuce, guacamole and pico de gallo. Very fresh and decent dish. (Note: apparently the most popular item on their menu)+ CHIPS & SALSA & GUACAMOLE - salsas were fresh! Chips were crisp and the guac was devoured by everyone!DIRTS- prices: although the fish tacos were a decent meal, I thought the dish was WAY over-priced for Americanized-Mexican food (but alas, it's Vegas so they'll charge a bit more)- noisy: my co-workers and I had a little get together here, although it was nice they were able to reserve a section for us. The whole resto is a bit noisy with the sports games going on and the chatter from all the customers- not authentic- mediocre drunk grubFYI*located in mini-strip mall walk-way in between Mandalay Bay & Luxor*you can keep the gigantic glass of margarita once you've drank it all*laundry list of margaritas are available *drinks range from $8-14*many flat screen televisions to watch the latest sports game *Rick Moonen's "RM" restaurant is just around the corner for sustainable seafoodI came here with my co-workers for a little get together after a meeting. I'm not sure if I'd eat at this establishment again. But for great service, good drinks and mediocre food, it's okay, but probably not my first choice.
4	First time at this place. Food was great. I'd definitely recommend getting the ceviche and the chicken sopes. The fish tacos we're also delicious. However unfortunately, the margaritas we're not good and I was looking forward to them. Overall, good food, poor drinks but great service. Ronnie, our server, was on point!
2	Ok noobs. Whoever gave this place a 5 star ratings you guys were probably drunk. Friend and I went there, got seated right away but we waited 20 minutes until the server acknowledged us. We hella devoured that chips and salsa and even memorized the menu in 20 minutes.Got the nachos and steak tacos. Mehhhhh I'd rather go someplace for that! So not worth the prices of $14 for nachos and $15 for tacos. I had the original margarita, yest that was delicious, but for a $12 drink? Eh. On their menu, it says "If you don't like our service, tell us first not Yelp." something like that...well, TOO LATE! For my bottom line here, bad service, over priced food, and good margarita. TWO STARS!
4	Met up with a group of friends to celebrate a birthday and we had a great time! Our waiter was friendly and fun--even buying birthday boy a shot of tequila! Gotta love that! Food was enjoyable though not anything you haven't had before but it was satisfying enough and the drinks were kept full. Can't beat that! The mariachi band was EXCELLENT and a lot of fun. It's a little pricey but then, what isn't on the strip anymore?
4	Great service and tasty food.  Not the outrageous best mexican meal I have ever had type food, but look, it is in a casino shopping area, it is for the masses, and the masses are unwashed.  Server really did do a great job at keeping our table buzzed.  Worth a return visit!
3	I didn't even know this place existed because it's always overshadowed by my desire to go to Burger Bar whenever I get this close to The Strip.  We had to meet some family for dinner at Mandalay and told them about Burger Bar's greatness.  Upon arriving we found out the BB was closed for a private event so we had to pick another place.  Since we didn't feel like walking more than 10 feet we decided on Hussong's. The name might be a little off-putting as it doesn't scream "Mexican Food" and they claim to be the inventor of the Margarita.  Still, we gave it a chance and we were pleasantly surprised.  It was a little pricey for Mexican food but cheap for Strip standards.  The waiter did an okay job but was a little slow after we ordered.  My wife had Enchiladas and the rest of us had their Chicken Tostada Salad, which was pretty delicious!  They had two fried strips of Flour Tortilla that came along with the salad rather than a fried bowl and I was a big fan!I did have a couple of problems with the place, however.  As I said the waiter was 'ok' but he constantly tried to upsell us stuff.  I hate when they offer you Guacamole like it's on the house when it really isn't.  I'm of the opinion that if you offer it, it's free.  We didn't bite.  The biggest thing that I didn't like was the fact that their Margarita's came in Pint Glasses.  Really?  You claim to be the Margarita inventor and you're going to put them in a pint glass? I don't think so.  That alone lost a whole star for me.There was a pretty sweet Mariachi Band wandering around and they were playing some rock hits that you would expect from Mariachis.  Pretty cool.
3	I will state immediately, if you are not a fan of margaritas or staying in the Mandalay than it is going to be hit or miss.  If you are a margarita person, these folks will do right by you.  No frozen BS here.  Their Rita's are on the rocks, including the higher than to be expected quality 40oz special, $18 up front and $13 refills(a quick note to Rita fans, the receipt, if your order is over $40, easy if you get the $18 40z special and a bite to eat I received a $5 off my next order coupon.)Anyway, food wise nothing I had is going to blow you away(bearing in mind I did get carry out and take this to the room).  It isn't of immense quality, though I found the guacamole of great pedigree.  I had carnitas tacos.  I liked them, in the sense they were warm, moist, flavorful and fulfilled a Mexican niche for $14.  My wife got the simple cheese quesadilla, which I thought were surprisingly good.  Keep in mind, we aren't talking authentic Mexican here.  This is Tex-mex for the masses, which is just fine by me.To simplify:  If you want authentic Mexican cuisine, look elsewhere.  If you are on the Strip and want a decent Rita and food to match or you are staying at the Mandalay and need a quick Tex-Mex fix it is a solid choice.  If you dig a good, well priced Rita(the closest I've ever had to my preferred 3-2-1 method (than I'd go so far as to say, considering the price) it is a must stop multiple days of your trip.
2	This is the second time my friend and I have eaten here and each time we've left a little disappointed but after tonight, I do plan to return. Even though the restaurant was a little busy, our service could have been better. We weren't given straws and when I asked for straws our server forgot and never came back (I finally just got them from the bar). By the way, the water tasted weird, which is pretty concerning. I'm also annoyed because my friend is a vegetarian and we are both health conscious so after coming to yelp to write the review, we find that they have a separate vegan/vegetarian menu you have to ask for. This would have been nice to know. (Grrr!)I will say their gluten free chips and salsa are delicious but one can not live off chips an salsa alone. We both had the tostado salad and were very surprised to see what came out or lack there of. The salad was supposed to come with black beans and corn, which were nearly hidden the portion was so small. We could never even taste them! We expected some other veggies like peppers or onions too but we really just got some lettuce on top of two fried tortilla pieces. The chicken was dry and since my friend didn't even get the chicken or cheese, I felt worse for her. Bottom line this should not be considered a meal. Very disappointing.
4	We loved the food. The service was good and we were grateful to be seated right away. We have eaten Mexican and TexMex food while living and visiting in Texas.  The food was very good and authentic.
5	Great Traditional Margarita!! Very, very good nachos!  If you know about the original "Hussongs" in Mexico then you'll understand the tradition and the name.  Fantastic place!
4	They have a vegan menu!I was surprised with how good the chile rellenos were. I got them with gardein 'beef' tips. It's nice to find a place you can take the whole family and everyone's happy.My only complaint is that I paid $12 for a strawberry margarita and it had no discernible alcohol in it. I tried to flag down a waiter to make sure they hadn't brought me a virgin by mistake, but the place was too busy and I never saw them again. So there's that.I will be going back and bringing family, maybe at less crazy hours.
1	I came for the free chips and salsa, also the water, since that's the only thing the busboy brought over, the waitress could not be bothered to come to the table... Oh she looked at me w couple times, but was busy with a larger party of 4... Me being by myself must have creeped her out.... To bad, I tip well for good service, shame there was none to be found here.
5	This stop was the highlight of my 4 day trip to Vegas which is saying a lot. I found out ahead of time that they had recently started a vegan menu, it wasn't posted online, but a quick email got me a copy of it. Prices were high as is to be expected in a Vegas hotel mall, but it was so tasty and the service was great. I am in love with the salsa here and love any place that brings you more than one variety. Plus the chips were slightly thicker than usual which made them extra delicious. I'm sure my giant margarita didn't hurt anything either. Mostly though I must rave about my vegan enchilada which came with gardein and daiya and the most delicious sauce. These types of mexican meals are being much more common as easy to make vegan food becomes accesible via these already manufactured product mainstays but this was still better than any similar enchilada I have ever had. It was so tasty that I decided to carry the rest of it around in a bag for the next 5 hours before finally eating it standing over a trash can on fremont street. The menu had a lot of other great looking vegan items as well, including a chili relleno, which I have never seen before. My boyfriend enjoyed his non vegan variety. I will definetetely be adding this to all my future Vegas vacations and can even say it was worth the 2 hour duece ride from my hotel on the opposite end of the strip.
3	So I came here recently for lunch for a work meeting. I chose the carne asada which had guacamole, rice, beans and a baked potato. The meat was ok, a little tough and a bit over-seasoned (as were the sides) for my taste. For dessert we shaa plate of churros that had a side of ice cream that tastedlike caramel or leche quemada. They were so good we ordered another plate! The chips are kept heated in a popcorn/carnitas cart, and they are super delish! Super fatty and salty, I could've eaten my weight in tortilla chips!Sadly, I dodn't order a margarita since I was working, but I am sure they would be pretty good. Random fact, the margarita is one of the most popular cocktails in the U.S.
5	Maybe I just had an usually smooth experience here, but I loved it! I fully expected it to be douchey as hell, based on the whole marketing B.S...but I was really pleasantly surprised and will be back!My experience was around 8pm on a Wednesday evening, we were seated immediately at a good table, the service was EXCELLENT and very attentive, and what I ordered was fantastic!I had the huarache, which was fanTAStic. The meat was seasoned well and everything just came together perfectly. Even the chips & salsa they put out are amazing...some of the best tortilla chips I've had at a Mex place.My friend had the carnitas platter, which he wasn't thrilled with but said it was OK. And we shared a pitcher of margaritas. I think the total tab was $70...not too bad, seeing as we had 3 small margaritas each, plus food.
5	Great food, great drinks and fun atmosphere. Service was super friendly and very attentive. Will definitely hit this place again next time.
4	I have been here two times.  The first time I ate here.  I was so surprised.  The food was fantastic and quite plentiful, authentic.  Service good.  So I returned, but next time for a margarita, which I enjoyed.  Upon our return to our hotel room, my husband realized he lost his money clip with considerable cash in it.  We called Hussong's Cantina who stated they discovered the money clip on a stool when cleaningi up.  Honest people.  God bless you.  Will return!
4	This was the second place I found between the Madalay Bay and Luxor hotels while looking for something good to eat for under $50.  The mall between the two resorts has several nice places like this. The service here was very good. Again... I ate at the bar. When I'm alone I like to eat there because I can meet some folks. I have their Skirt Steak Chil Rellenos.  Apparetnly the bartender had just ordered this for the first time himself the night before and we both now agree. It was amazing.  The combination reall hit the spot for me.   I will probably find a way to get back here and order it a again if I stay at Mandalay.
4	Great Service. Must have Nachos!
4	The service, food and margarita's were quite smashing at Hussong's Cantina.  My friend I were seated very quickly and learned that they were only serving the late night menu.  We both ordered a burrito and margarita and enjoyed a most wonderful meal.   The server was very polite and took care of our ever need.
4	Hussong's is located between Luxor and Mandalay Bay.  It seems to be the place that invented the margarita.  Whether that is true or not, is irrelevant, because the margarita's/drinks kicked @$$!The drinks are not too expensive ($10-$12 range), but they still pack a nice punch.  Most drinks in Vegas are extremely watered down and 90% sugar, but not these.  They tasted fresh and did not resemble Kool-Aid.For food, we enjoyed the quesadilla, which had tons of flavor, but was also very heavy.  Cons:The service was not good at all.  The servers were extremely friendly, but also extremely absent.  Maybe I caught them on a bad night.I will definitely look to come back here next time I am in Vegas, though.
2	The house tortilla chips were thick and not very good at all... they are just filled in a big popcorn machine up front rather than cooked to order and served warm and fresh. The salsa, on the other hand was tasty which made the former fact a real shame. We left them untouched. Unheard of.Food was just okay. Same as the service. I ordered the vegan chile relleno with gardein beef tips. My friend ordered the vegan quesadilla, which came on a single medium tortilla served open faced?I wasn't a huge fan of the rice and I love my rice. There was a lot going on on the plate, flavor-wise my dish should have been exploding. The flavor just wasn't there especially having had such delicious Mexican in southern Colorado. My avocado slices were not even ripe. It was hard not creamy as a good, ripe avocado should be.I did like the beans.Pay attention to things like how busy the place is... follow the crowd. Better off going to Slice of Vegas a few doors down where it's busy for good reason and you are sure to be impressed.
4	By the time I managed to eat here, both of us were fully in the throes of a airplane-caught cold. Our waitress was so friendly, and so eager to help us find anything to feel better- she brought hot tea and blended margaritas (ice and salt help a sore throat, right?) and when we finally decided on Nachos sounding like a decent lunch, she was more than happy to get us a piping hot meal. Sadly, we could only eat about a quarter of them- not because they weren't delicious0 They were!! But we both we just so ill that we paid and left. I wish we had been feeling better, the whole place seemed like so much fun. Definitely worth a stop if you're staying on the south end of the Strip.
4	Hussong's is located in The Shoppes at Mandalay Place (aka the walkway between Luxor and Mandalay Bay's casino. The have a hostess podium in the walkway, and we were quickly seated.I liked the tortilla chips, they where different, much thicker, much like you may get at a Mexican restaurant when they serve you queso and it comes with thicker chips. The waitress was great, and very attentive. Probably the second best service I had the entire time I was in LV.The food had a good bit of flavor cooked in, not the standard poured on after microwaving flavor you find at a lot of places. The portions were a bit on the smaller side for the price, but the quality was there. I cannot comment on the bar or drinks, but everyone seemed to be enjoying the huge margaritas. I would not hesitate to stop by again on my next trip.
1	Hosted a part of 20 no problem. Issue - we all ordered margaritas and mojitos. Everyone complained that the drinks were watered down. My Fresa Mojito definitely was a $12 minty strawberry club soda. If you come here, it's safe to get the beer.
4	I am a fan for three reasons:1. They make EXCELLENT margaritas - I love the Jalapeno one. Their house margarita is delish too. 2. Excellent chips...and...if you ask for it, they have one of THE hottest salsas I have ever had in a restaurant! (that's my 3). My hubby says it's hotter than the "blazing" sauce at Buffalo Wild Wings. If you like HOT salsa, ask for it, but be careful not to take a big scoop or you will burn your tongue off.
3	Ok...I have been here 2 nights in a row. First Night: I thought it was great! The service was awesome and the food was great. We got the carna asada plate, guac, and shrimp ceviche. Ok...the ceviche wasn't all that great. It was very small and hardly any shrimp. I like mine to be a little more zesty but this was on the more tiny bit tart. I like the tast of lemon n lime in my ceviche so I guess it really depends on your taste. The chip and salsa that they give you is yummy. I really like their chips!! thick and not too salty. Second Night:Ok...we ordered the Chicken Tostada salad and Baja Hamburger. The Salad was very plain and didn't even come in a tostada bowl (am I the only one that expects it in a bowl?). ANyways, I expected it to come in a bowl and instead, there were just 2 giant tostada chips in the salad. The sauce was whatevers and hardly any corn or the other veggies mentioned from the menu. We first thought the corn was missing but when we dug dip enough, we found few...I mean FEW corn peices on the bottom. Very sad.  On to the Baja hamburger. It had bacon, ham, and avocado. It wasn't as beautiful as in the picture and it was overly salty. I guess the avocado is there to help with the saltiness but the ham was way too salty. Also, one of the workers kept dropping things. I saw him spill dressing all over a table as he was delivering food. And he also dropped plates too. Poor guy. However, our waiter never showed up to us to ask if we needed anything the whole night. I mean, the place is pretty small and he passed us by every time he had to serve another table. Didn't like that waiter.Also, I was irritated by some loser trying to pick up on a girl at the bar.  He kept trying to make the conversation flow and asking for high fives. High fives really? ugh...it was really pathetic. She turned her body and was talking to the bartender and tried really hard to put her head in another direction or just looking down her cup. The music was whatevers too. I don't like loud music in my ears. I gave it a 3 since the first night was good but not so much the second night. Not bad to go at least once and check it out yourself.
4	Stopped here for a QUICK bite before our show. Everything was executed beautifully!!!The food came out quick and tasted GREAT, the check was dropped off early to accommodate our need to get out early. I want to revisit this place and have a slower meal to experience it in true fashion.
4	Came here before a concert at the Mandalay Bay Beach one Saturday night. We had reservations for 8 at 6:30pm, so it was fairly early for dinner Vegas style. We had a vegetarian and vegan in the group and everyone loved their meals. It was great carb loading before a heavy night of dancing and drinking. Their vegan menu is done well, not just chips and dip and a veggie taco. Veggies have a full separate menu to choose from with a great variety of apps and entrees. We also had some food allergies in the group as well and our server, Ronnie (I think was his name?) was a star. He literally ran back and forth to the kitchen and back to our table to make sure he was giving us the right information on what was included in the meals ingredient-wise.Drinks were delicious and ever flowing. The skinny pom margarita was fantastic although a bit too sweet for me, as was their OG margarita. I had the steak chile relleno which was flavorful and not too heavy. I saw someone at the far end of the table with a burrito the size of a nerf football though...noms for days. The live mariachi band serenaded us with Sweet Child o Mine and "going to the chapel" since it was my friend's bachelor party. What a fun group of guys. Decently priced for Vegas, generous portions, fun, casual atmosphere and nice staff. It was a great mid way meeting point for both budget and taste and I would definitely come here again. I'm addicted to their chips and salsa. Guac wasn't bad either!
3	This place has been the best place we've dined at thus far in Vegas. It's definitely different Mexican cuisine and I love me some Mexican food. We got the grilled corn plazero appetizer and I la-la looooved it! Totally reminded me of the corn carts back in LA. Chips and salsa were okay. I say that because I am a chips and salsa snob and I thought the chips were a little too salty (but the perfect thickness with the perfect crunch), the salsa verde was too salty, but the house salsa, which our waitress said may be a little spicy but was not, was perfect. I ordered the Mexican burger. It was delicious except it really should have had some sort of spread or aioli on it. It was like a brunch burger and I love me some brunch burgers whenever I can get my hands on one. The best part was the fries. Fries with seasoned cotija cheese. Oh. Em. Gee! I'd go back to this place just for the fries! Portions were huge so I pretty much took the entire plate back to my hotel (we had a fridge). Leftovers were just as good!I felt that the service could have been a lot better. Our waitress decided that since we were spending tons on alcoholic beverages that she didn't need to bother asking us if we needed soda or water refills or even chips and salsa refills. Price wise, this was priced the same had we hit up the More Buffet at Luxor again, except the food was better and I wasn't visiting the bathroom every half hour.
3	Nothing worse then a server who has attitude when you ask a question. Surprisingly ok - good overall grub,We ordered chicken and steak tacos asked if they could hard shell it.. The made the shell fresh to order. Queso fundido was ok. Everything was real greasy which is good and bad at the same time if you know what I mean??!!! Overall ok id never go back.
4	Good Mexican food at a decent price. My boyfriend an I each ordered tacos (comes with 4 small ones) and they came out about 5 min later! I recommend the carnitas tacos!
4	Only come here for Happy Hour (4-6pm) because this place is a steal!! Tacos, drinks, etc are super cheap and everything tastes great.
3	Inside Mandalay Bay, near the shops, great place to get some pretty good food and some good Margaritas. Get the big version which lets you keep the big cup and share it and come back for refills if you live in this hotel or close. Salsa is fresh, the burrito I had was good and huge and the quesadilla was big too.
4	I thought the Enchiladas Suizas were fantastic!  That being said, we do live miles from really good authentic Mexican fare.  The Margaritas were really good, but strong.  The guacamole was wonderful!
3	Okay Mexican restaurant in the Mandalay Bay Shoppes. Like many other restaurants here it is over priced and food is okay. Don't order the guacamole, we thought it wasn't that much extra for such a small portion, but were shocked it was $9 for a tiny bowl. Unless you really crave Mexican food, avoid this place.
4	Wile staying at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay we stopped into Hussong's~ it had a fun casual atmosphere and the staff was friendly and attentive. Our server was knowledgeable about the menu and helpful with the questions we had about particular items. He was also very efficient juggling between the larger parties and the smaller tables so no one was over-looked. We both had the taco's (5 mini soft taco's per plate) which were very satisfying.I had the ribeye taco's and, although hey had a great flavor,  the meat was pretty tough- guess I should have stuck with the chicken.  I loved their mango habanero guacamole which I could have made a meal of in and of itself with their chips that were just right -- lots of crunch and light on the salt! I also enjoyed a jalapeno cucumber cocktail that was very refreshing although I had a friend tease me about not getting their famous Margarita which they claim to be the original creators~ just another good reason to go back besides all the delicious looking plates that past by us as we were eating. This one is certainly staying on our radar!
5	My friend and I had time to kill before the Cirque/MJ show and so stopped in at Hussong's. Lucky us! We had a great time here. Our bartender was sweet, attentive and personable and the drinks were STRONG. The Cantina has fun decor and although it might seem strange to rave about chips/salsa/guac...Hussong's is that good. The green tomatillo salsa was so nice and smokey and the red salsa had the perfect bite and tang. Delicious guacamole. One of the highlights of our visit to Hussong's was the rockin' Mariachi band! The troupe started out with Mariachi classics but then performed the likes of Pink Floyd, Johnny Cash and and Neil Young. I'd come back just to see these guys!
4	According to their menu, this restaurant (not this locale of course) was the inventor of the margarita. If so, they still do it right here. Flavorful and strong without being too overly sweet. Their chips and fresh salsa is very enjoyable and try their steak nachos as well. They are filling and worth a try. Service is friendly and I'll be back here for happy hour my next trip.
5	Best authentic Mexican food and margaritas. The service was the best.  Good prices, too!
2	I was very disappointed, not in the quality of food, but in the service I received at Hussong's. Friends of mine and I went for lunch on Veteran's Day this year, and our waiter, Elio was terrible. He started off the experience with enthusiasm, but that quickly dwindled after we placed our order. I had ordered the Taquitos on the appetizer section of the menu. After we placed our order, I noticed that there was a little fold out promotional piece on the table that advertised breakfast burritos. I quickly waved down our waiter and asked him to change it out because the burrito was only $2 more but included a lot more food. It was then the Elio got really awkward. His body language and facial expressions showed he was very annoyed at me for wanting to change my order. He even said something along the lines of, "Well, umm, they're already making it. But I guess I can go see if I can cancel it. It's just going to take a lot longer." When I told him it was fine if it took longer, he again stressed that the cooks were already making it. Our food came out quickly and it was great! But Elio, I'm assuming because of the order cancellation, avoided us the rest of the time we were there. At one point, he came over to ask if everything was going OK, but he was already walking away as we spoke our answers. Overall, the service was just terrible and even though the food was tasty, the experience was ruined due to our bad waiter. We won't be going back.
4	BEST VEGAN ENCHILADAS EVER. Margaritas...not so much. Tastes like you're drinking straight syrup.Guy behind bar: complete prick. Made fun of my vegan food tasting like a cardboard mushroom. Way to sell your own product and give it a good name, asshole.The service is mediocre BUT the food is so amazing that it totally made up for anything that the employees lacked. The fact that they offer VEGAN MEXICAN FOOD thats extremely flavorful is enough to keep me coming back!
4	Coming from San Diego, my expectations for Mexican food in Vegas were not high.  We came here because we were staying in the hotel and I was pleasantly surprised. Our meal consisted of steak enchiladas and chicken flautas.  The enchiladas were super yummy and the flautas were the perfect complement to my massive hangover.  Food was cheap and the only annoying thing was our pushy up-seller server.  NO I don't want to hear the whole story of inventing the margarita, NO I don't want a $20 souvenir glass of beer, but she just kept trying.  Not a deal breaker though.  This place is not a dining destination, but definitely does the job if you happen to be hungry and in the vicinity.
5	Great food!  Great service!
1	To all future Vegas tourists: Avoid. Extremely overpriced and the portions suck ass. $20 for a plate of child's fist sized chicken tacos, seriously. Oh and service is bad. Our female server ditched our table for the bigger party that just walked in and so we were left without a server for 10 minutes. Great job lady. You are a (fill in blank). I'll give you a hint: rhymes with ditch.
4	So, we came in here a little before they closed, and the place was pretty empty, which was nice. Very tasty American-Mexican food. The guacamole was really tasty. I had the Tostada salad, really good with a nice kick of jalepeno. My mom ordered the fish tacos, she seemed to like them. The service was really good, our waitress was nice and friendly.
2	The good news is that they have a nice vegan menu. The bad news is that they are not that great at serving vegan food. I ordered vegan enchiladas & they ended up serving me vegan chicken strips rolled up in torillas with sauce. The side salad was also missing.They also don't do well with special orders. My husband is vegetarian & asked for a normal cheese enchilada with the vegan chicken strips. The first plate they brought out was just chicken enchiladas. The second plate was just vegan enchiladas. Not that great in my opinion.
4	I've eaten here twice. Both times the servers were very nice but not particularly knowledgeable. The food was pretty good but the style is different. Many items come "deconstructed" but the menu doesn't prepare you for that. So the food wasn't what we expected. Will be back but wish they'd be more precise in their menu descriptions.
1	Ate here while in Vegas. Do not listen to the positive reviews, you will be highly disappointed that you spent 35 dollars on food. I got the chicken tacos and my girl got the cantina tacos, the food was almost inedible but we did not feel like complaining. Maybe they expected everyone who comes in around 10 to be wasted so they serve them any crap they want. Who puts Parmesan cheese on Mexican food? Enough said. Eat here at your own risk. Only thing I liked was the friendly host with the glasses and vest.
2	The way I like to make my first judgement about Mexican food is the guacamole. This guacamole was terrible. It was so acidic that  it sizzled on your tongue. Salsas were flavorless as was the rice and beans. I ordered chicken tacos which were fair at best. Chicken was not seasoned and a little dry. We shares a bowl of tortilla soup which tasted so smokey, you couldn't taste anything else. Service was decent for a casual place. Wouldn't come back again
4	Nachos here were a lifesaver when I was drunk. I don't remember anything else except that they were tasty. I also remember the salsa here was pretty good!Hm. Don't recall anything else.... sorry for not a super useful review!
4	I really enjoyed Hussong's for lunch. Good tex-mex, similar to what you'd find in the Southwest where they actually do tex-mex well. Anyway, it's a yummy place to stop for chips, guac, and margs while shopping at Mandalay Bay.The restaurant did not have a lot of frills, rather basic decor, but the food is very good. I had chips and guacamole to start, and the chips were perfectly crispy without being greasy. The guacamole was fresh, and well-balanced with heat and acid. I had the fish baja tacos, and they were very good as well. I loved the avocado salsa.My friend and I also ordered a pitcher of the original margarita. It was fantastic. No sour mix!! Just tequila (and a lot of it), agave, and freshly squeezed lime juice. These margaritas are very drinkable, but be forewarned, they do pack a punch. I went back to my hotel room after lunch and proceeded to take a nice long nap.I highly recommend Hussong's as a fun place to stop for lunch if you're in the mood for good tex-mex.
4	Appetizers were all awesome! Corn and nachos...mmmm! Chips and salsa were so good we went back the next day! Highly recommend!!
4	We had our table booked here for months before coming, as we ate here on NYE before heading to the Michael Jackson One show. We mainly booked in advance so that we could eat somewhere on NYE that had a good vegan selection for myself, with plenty of options for the others in my group.The atmosphere was great, we had great service and the music was good. They had hired a Mariachi band that came around the tables and played tunes on request for tips. We got them to play Folsom Prison Blues by Johnny Cash! They created a great atmosphere and the tune was flawless! Really fun.The food was great, I had the vegan burrito and everyone else ordered vegetarian/meat dishes. Everyone said their food was tasty and a good portion.Overall, no complaints! My burrito could have been more 'saucier' but it wasn't essential.If you're a vegan, or just after some good Mexican food while staying at the Mandalay Bay, head on over to Hussong's!
3	Not a bad place to come to grab some Mexican food on the strip or if you're staying at any of the south end properties.  We came on a Friday night and ended up getting a table for 14 with no problem and without a wait.  Mariachis come by and are real personable.  Prices are decent for the strip, but high end just for regular Mexican food.  Suggest getting the coupon book they give in the hotels and getting a discount on your meal.Service was also great.
4	If you haven't been here yet, TRY IT! Almost everything I wanted out of a my food experience (and then some) was at this place. How I found it: Restaurant.com The Deal: I paid $10 for $25 worth of food. Pretty good deal :)How it works: You have to spend a min of $50, so you are really paying $30 worth of food. If you don't drink booze, you can get an app, two entrees and a dessert for about $52.00 + tip. So meeting the min isn't hard. I had the Mango Guacamole, which I loved but It was REALLY spicy. I was actually almost crying at one point. Free Chips/SalsaSalomon entree. AmazingA bite of their vegetarian ques. AWESOME!Dessert Nachos... Meh, skip these. They weren't great. The service: Really sweet girl The atmosphere: VERY casual. They had a live group of men playing music. The food quality: Extremely fresh and it came out quickly despite them being totally busy. It was a great meal! If you dont love Mexican food, still try this place. They also have a vegan menu. Its good for Vegetarians as well.
4	Always wanted to stop in as I love a good margarita! I was not disappointed with the original - complementary chips and salsa are yummy! Great bartender too!!
4	Great food, wonderful service.  Didn't have to wait for our meal even though the place was very busy.  If you've ever been to the original Hussong's you'll quickly notice the decor is similar (a lot cleaner of course).  Did I mention the the food was great!
4	We only ended up here because it had the shortest wait time. These dishes are definitely more tex-mex but that's ok. The flautas were actually surprisingly good. The chicken was extremely moist and had a nice lime cilantro sauce. The portions are huge....so maybe split some items!
5	Awesome place.  Great margaritas.  Delicious rib eye tacos and the mariachi is worth coming back to visit
5	OMG! The food was phenomenal! Grilled corn is a must as well as the sopes. If you like spicy, you will have to get the mango habanero guacamole. Tacos were great too. Wonderful experience, great service and good times! An absolute must when you're in vegas!
4	Their service was great. They had amazing burritos. I highly recommend. If in Vegas or staying at Mandalay Bay, or just want a good drink, I recommend Hussong's Cantina.
4	Good Mexican food, had chimichanga which was huge and full of flavors. Service was average.
5	Their tortilla chips are the best ever. Great salsa. Guacamole was really good. Fish tacos were very tasty as we're the fajitas. Staff was very friendly. Enjoyed the location very much
5	Delicious enchiladas! This place is awesome!!! The food quality is so excellent which is hard to find in Vegas in this price point.  Margaritas are super fabulous and the atmosphere is very festive.  A winner!!!
1	This is your 'Mexican food' place if you go to Chili's for a steak (nobody would do that) !  Stop fooling the tourists by telling them this is authentic Mexican food. Oh yeah... way over priced, even for the strip... I had to give this review a star rating in order to post but I want to take it back.
5	Hussong's, I love you! Thanks for all the fabulous vegan options. You ROCK! Gardein and Daiya products... awesome! Your mountain of nachos was my favorite meal during my week in Vegas.
2	I love Mexican food!  I love Hussongs Cantina, in Mexico. This was lame attempt at both. Food is over priced and a gringo version. Save your money and go to Taco Bell. Of course if you think of Taco Bell when you think of Mexican food you'll love this place too.
4	Great bar service here at Hussong's Cantina. Our bartender was friendly and explained the tequila menu, even bringing out the extra stuff. I love a margarita that isn't made with a pre-made mix and Hussong's brought it out just the way I love it. It felt like a true Mexican margarita. The chips and salsa were quite good, but the guacamole was over the top with onions. If you love onions - go for it. If you don't... skip it. The guy next to us didn't speak English and the bartender found a translator for him. Great service - I wouldn't hesitate to return.
4	You had me at margarita.Claiming to be the first US outpost of Hussong's Cantina of Ensenada, Mexico, which in turn boastfully claims to be the originator of the margarita, how could you walk past this place?We were in the middle of some hardcore Vegas shopping and stopped for a quick bite to eat to recharge our internal batteries.Hussong's offers a very relaxed interior, decorated with an obvious nod to Cinco De Mayo with an abundance of skulls that are quirky rather than morbid, the bar staff were warm and friendly, service was fast without being rushed and speaking as someone who normally opts for a booth I'm happy to advise that the bar stools are surprisingly comfortable.While there we tried the following:Baja Style Ceviche: excellently executed appetizer, zingy and refreshing.Stacked Quesadillas: generously filled appetizer, tasty and packed with flavour.Margarita's: I'll admit, it was me knocking back these beauties as The Hublet isn't really a cocktail guy.  There were very, very good and the more I drank the better they got.  Weird huh.Great stop for a quick, tasty bite to eat and a must try if you like margaritas.  If their entrees are as good as their appetizers you'll be fine.
5	Great service and the salsa is soo good I had the steak fajitas and my lady had the carne asada we both loved our entree.  The roasted corn on the cob was also very delicious and the service was top notch.  I was skeptical at first but I am going to come back just for that one salsa it was so good they know which one.
4	While wandering through the Shoppes at Mandalay Bay, I stopped into Lush for a few products, which my husband knew could take an hour (LOVE Lush).  While he waited, he stopped into Hussong's across the mall, and it couldn't have been a happier accident!  After finishing up shopping, I met him for the tail end of happy hour - half price drafts and half price nachos - amazing.  We sat at the bar and the bartender was dry witted and friendly, and we also saw him concoct some super strong margaritas!The chicken nachos themselves were something that I'm going to be fantasizing about for months to come.  The chips were thick, the chicken was well seasoned, and the toppings were perfectly distributed across the platter.  We consider ourselves Mexican food aficionados, and these were the Holy Grail of nachos.  A few friends met us the next day and we convinced them to come back for lunch, and everyone was very satisfied!  This time we split the mango habanero guac and the ribeye tacos at the suggestion of our previous bartender and were very impressed.  Definitely a great place for happy hour and to watch a game!  This will be on our Vegas list next time we're back!
3	Decided on Mexican for lunch today while shopping and playing tourist here in Las Vegas at the Mandalay Bay!  We were seated right away and the shortly our waitress brought us complimentary chips and salsa...nice!  Ordered a margarita which was good, but considering that they say they are the home of the original margarita I kind of expected a better margarita!  Not a deal breaker though.  For lunch hubby and myself both ordered chicken enchiladas that came with rice and beans.  I must say that the enchiladas were pretty tasty.  However, the rice and beans could have very well been left off my plate....me no likey!  Service was subpar.  Our waitress seemed very overwhelmed and pushy.  Overall, I would consider returning but it wouldn't be my first or even second when it comes to Mexican food!
5	Had dinner at Hussongs during our last vegas trip. Food was great!! We ate free chips and salsa and washed it down with one of the strongest margaritas ive ever had. I ordered the steak tacos, which were a tad on the greasy side, but still delicious. The best thing was the ticket times-- took no more than 20 mins from the time we sat down to the time we were paying the check.
3	This place was mediocre..no complaints really but nothing really wowed me to come back..
3	This is a great option to Border Grill at Mandalay Bay. The food was decent and the prices were a bit lower than other places. It's a casual atmosphere with friendly service. I would surely go again for quick and cheap eats.
4	Hussong's Cantina was a good way to start our Vegas stay. Our food was good and some additional positives include the unlimited chips and salsa and the prices (considering most restaurants in Vegas outside fast food can be pricey). We did find the service to be mediocre, and we were told a 25 minute wait whenever there were clearly tables available all over the restaurant. Overall, it was a good experience with tasty food. However, I do not think I would go out of my way to eat here on my next Vegas visit, but good if nearby.
4	I go here for lunch almost Everytime I'm in Vegas and it is consistently good.  The corn: amazing. Ceviche is pretty good, but I found the need to add a good amount of salt. Service is on point though, always very attentive and friendly. Will always look forward to their chips and salsa after day drinking ;)
5	So sad we discovered this place on our last night in Vegas. Great food & drinks and excellent service! Jonathan is such a great bartender! We'll definitely be back on our next trip!
4	Love Hussongs! Great margaritas. Bartenders are always friendly. The salsa isn't hot, but if you ask for some hot salsa, they'll bring you Chipotle sauce that's delicious. Mango guacamole is delicious. We have had the Carne asada, chicken, and carnitas tacos....all are delicious. We love getting our taco fix here. Yum!
5	Just get the big ass margarita glass and thank me later. Really good food, and surprisingly one of the best margaritas I've had in a LONG time. I guess it shouldn't be too surprising as they have margarita history and whatnot all over their menu, but WELL DONE.I also have to say, the service was AWESOME. Ill be back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Our waiter Dave is awesome!! Loved the corn appetizer. Chips are much better this time.  Shrimp fajitas,  yum!
5	I was hungry and undecided. My server  Daidi suggested the chili releno, like a pro she knew just what to suggest. It was perfect. I never had one made this way, and I loved it! Hussongs will be on my must visit every time I'm in town list.
3	This is a tough one.  On the one hand, the margaritas and food are 5-star. Really good stuff.   The menu is also very very well done (Imo). Atmosphere- "Festive" Mexian (as opposed to upscale Mexican)Food- 5 starsDrinks-  5 stars for taste.....2 stars for priceService-   based on our experience (twice)....2.5 starThe bar service was pretty average to slightly below average (just my experience based on TWO visits).  Also,  the prices are pretty steep,  even for Vegas.   $12 or more for a margarita in a smallish glass with a ton of ice?   Wow.......they are good margaritas.....maybe one of the best I've had; but c'mon......$12+ ?  Happy hour is "1/2 price"......which was still $6.00 for a smallish (in my opinion) 'rita.   As for service,  I guess it was adequate,  but our bartender just wasn't friendly and/or engaging.  Hospitality,  particularly Vegas,  isn't about adequate,  in my view.  It's about EXCELLENCE.    He took our order,  but that was about it.  We even tried to make a little small talk....not much,  just little to be friendly.  Also,  there were only 4-6 people at the bar so he wasn't in the weeds.   No big deal....but I may or may not be looking to  return.  I just have a thing tor service.  It's so important.  Make people want yo return (and write good reviews) ;)Overall, I'd give it 3.5 stars.  Easy potential for 4 star....just make your customers feel like you are happy they are there....spending $$.    Pretty easy.
4	Pretty good for a late night snack. We went in and got the chicken nachos to go. They we really good but I wish we would have eaten them in instead of bringing them back to the room. I'm sure they were phenomenal hot.
3	This was my last night in Vegas and we came here for dinner since we stayed in Mandalay Bay. I would give this restaurant 3.5 stars. Mexican food is my favorite and I was really excited after my friend said it was really good. Our waitress was great. She was very knowledgeable and served us chips and salsa quickly. The chips were very fresh and warm. The salsa Verde was amazeballs. I enjoyed the chips and salsa more than my meal. I ordered the enchiladas, two steak and one chicken. Enchiladas are my go to Mexican food dish and it is really hard to mess the dish up so it was not bad, but it was not anything spectacular. I will probably return on my next trip and try a different dish and a margarita. The menu had tons of different types of margaritas.
3	Late lunch here on a friday.  Chips and Salsa were awesome, the tomatoes were fresh not jarred.  Chips made in house.   Got the ribeye tacos. Ribeye could have been trimmed a little better.  Had a couple pieces of gristle in there.  Meat was flavorful but not very tender.  Overall pretty good. I would probably try different tacos though.
1	Went here for lunch upon arrival in Las Vegas. Husband and I were super hungry and thought Mexican food would hit the spot. Service was very attentive however the food was disappointing overall. Salsa was less than impressive, chips were good. I got the taquitos appetizer and for $8 they were disappointing. My husband ordered some kind of Angus tacos (3) with rice and beans. For $18 I expected tacos with some beef to them, they were about the size of the palm of my hand, very unsatisfactory. We will not be returning. Too much money for very little food, isn't Mexican food generally inexpensive?!
2	The chips and salsa were excellent, but I can't really recommend anything else. The guacamole was bland, the chicken enchiladas were bland, and the rib eye tacos, while good, were quite small. On top of that, everything was overpriced (even for the Strip).
5	Love their queso fundido! I've come here plenty of times on my lunch break. Their shrimp and fish tacos are very tasty! They do come with rice and beans. I also love their chicken quesadillas,  they are very delicious!  My favorite dessert by far is their fried ice cream! SOOOOooo good! I always get good service and they always make sure to have me out by end of my break. Also, if you need a hangover fix get their Micheladas! The best pick me up ever! I had to drop by after work one day to fix myself! * great flavor in their chips and salsa!
3	This Mexican restaurant is just ok. I think for the price, the portions are pretty small. Got the chicken fajitas and there wasn't much chicken. Chips and salsa are pretty good, but I wouldn't recommend overall. Much better choices close by.
2	big time meh.  maybe 1.5 stars.  only went because we were short on time for a show and had a credit on restaurant.com. we were seated immediately, but the server took almost 10 minutes before coming by.  we ordered and she quickly brought waters.  drinks took a little bit long. our ceviche appetizer came, delivered by another server, who noticed we still hadn't received chips and salsa. smh.  ceviche was bland; the shrimp was not "cooked" in lime juice.  I had to grab our server to get another beer. she was very inattentive and or overworked with too many tables.my lady had the chille rellano which was decent, but not great, even though I love skirt steak.  I had the shrimp fajitas which were also just okay, although there was a good amount of shrimp.even after piling some of our plates at the edge of the table, it took another 10 minutes to get a dessert menu. next time we will go to Ri Ra with their awesome local discount.
4	Was able to get a mix of tacos. Very yummy. Like the carnitas the best. Pineapple salsa is great on top of the chicken and carnitas.
5	Loved this place. I had a meeting in the conference rooms at Mandalay Bay. There was a quick break between sessions and so I ran and got some food from this place. It was a little further away from the conference rooms since it was on the upstairs portion. But it was worth the run. I ordered to-go at the bar. The bartender was great, he put the order in quickly for me. I was ordering for myself and others so I asked for a lot of salsa and he got two huge containers that he filled for me. This was convenient to carry in the bag without spilling. The food came out within 10 minutes and was very good. The green salsa was delicious-don't forget to ask for some. The pricing was actually pretty good too in comparison to everything else around there. The taco plates came with three tacos, rice and beans. They're $14 and very filling. Most of the other places I ate at in Mandalay were closer to $25 and were often less filling.
5	Vegetarian options, great prices, awesome service and great flavor. That sums up my thought on this place. We do not eat meat and were thrilled to see they had many options available to us. Also after arriving and talking to our server she told us there were other things she could have the kitchen make without meat that further expanded our selection. The food was awesome hot, flavorful, fresh and fast. The server was quick, super friendly, and very very accommodating going out of her way to ensure our dietary issues were met. Had the tacos my wife had a salad, margaritas were awesome I had a traditional and she had the cotton candy margarita(which actually has cotton candy in it). Everyone here goes out of their way to make sure your experience is a good one I would highly recommend this place to anyone and really for the price I couldn't have been happy I have plunked down far more money in vegas for a far less pleasant experience.
4	I've found a great new happy hour (3-6pm) location in Hussong's Cantina. $3 draft beers - including imports. Most other happy hours in Madalay Bay/Luxor seem to discount just PBR or Bud Light.  Food was also a hit including the free homemade tortilla chips and salsa as well as a half-price steak quesadilla that was big enough for two.
4	Very solid mexican food.  I care very much about the chips and salsa they start you out with and right from that I knew it was gonna be a good place.  Their "fancy" margaritas are very good.  I got the enchiladas which were very very good.  Staff was a little slow for my taste but I won't dock anything from my rating for that as she was kinda busy.  The place doesn't look like much from the outside but it's good!
2	Unfortunately this place is a total bummer. Having grown up in Southern Californina, trips to Baja and Hussongs was part of growing up. When we saw a Hussongs in LV we were so excited that we planned our Happy Hour around it. Ugh, what a mistake. Being a lover of street tacos we ordered 12 for the table and some others apps and entrees. The $3 tacos were borderline edible. Quesadilla and Flautas were good but come on, not hard to mess those up. Tacos sucked and took forever to get our happy hour beers. Definitely would not recommend Hussongs.
4	My boyfriend and I came here Sunday to watch the Redskins and the Cowboys games. They had a deal in which he took part in that indulged all you could drink Tecate and all you can eat tacos for $25.00. I ordered myself a HUGE 64 ounce Romance Margarita which I thought was amazing as well as steak nachos. The nachos weren't that good but the bar service we received made up for that. Our bartender was awesome! She literally could read our minds when we needed something and exactly what we needed. I wish I grabbed her name; however, she was a blonde girl!
3	Went here the other day with with some friends from Canada. The drink and atmosphere are good but the food was less than what i was expecting. I didn't have anything extravagant, just steak taco's. and for $15 I have had allot better. I could have had better ones at a local taco shop. Service was good at first but then out waitress switched out and had to ask for a new server, it took some time. would go again but probably just for drinks.
4	Your average GOOD Mexican Cantina.  They have all the usual suspects you'd expect and give you fresh chips and salsa when you sit down.  Everything seemed very fresh and had great flavor.  I'd compare this place with your local high quality Mexican restaurant.  While it was perfectly great, I have no real reason to return here unless everyone in my group wanted to go.
4	Aye Currumba! Not you average Mexican Chain restaurant.  Go on and try the Ceviche and grilled corn instead of the same old tacos you get back home.
5	If you try nothing else, make sure to have the corn. It's amazing!  Great service, food and drinks.
4	I thought it was very good! Sat at the bar and we were immediately offered chips n salsa. Best red salsa I have tasted in a very long time! Chips were warm and crispy and I couldn't stop eating them!I ordered the chicken tacos and they were quite delish! Excellent corn tortilla, nicely seasoned chicken, and tasty rice and beans.  Top this off with friendly and speedy service, and I say go!
3	Husband and I shared a pitcher of beer and carnitas nachos, which were excellent, but such a big portion we couldn't finish.  Chips were super crunchy and fresh and salsa was decent.  Waitress was attentive and told us margaritas were excellent upon ordering but she didn't mention the restaurant claims it invented the margarita - I probably would have ordered one if I'd known just for posterity sake.  All in all a good mid day pit stop to keep going in Vegas.  We also ordered the tortilla soup which was mediocre.  I'd go there again for the nachos.
3	I went here the other night with my friend who loves Mexican food. We went on a Saturday night, and they had a mariachi band playing the entire time which is cool, but it's not fun when you're trying to talk. Right when we entered, the server immediately brought us warm chips and salsa. It was pretty good. Although, I'm in a bit of a spicy kick right now, so I wish they were spicier. My friend ordered a chicken quesadilla, ad I ordered a carne asada burrito. My burrito was decent. I prefer Chipotle a lot more, and Chipotle is half the price. My friend's quesadilla was pretty tasty. The food wasn't bad nor was it amazing. It certainly wasn't worth the $30 for the two items. I don't think I'd ever go back again.
5	This was extremely tasty and fresh, both times we went. Portions were right and everything had a good tex-mex flavor. Highly recommend.Order right and it's reasonably priced.
4	Upon our arrival to Las Vegas, we were hungry and in the mood for some Mexican food.  I heard Hussong's had vegan options so we headed there.  The restaurant is located in the Mandalay Bay Shoppes.I was happy to be seated right away and even happier that they had a separate vegan menu.  I scanned the vegan menu and noticed they use Gardein Chick'n and Daiya cheese. I'll have mock meat occasionally but not too often so I opted for the Baja style veggie tacos - double stacked corn tortillas, served with guacamole, breaded zucchini, tomatillo-avocado salsa, and cabbage mix. My boyfriend ordered the Chick'n burrito which had Gardein Chick'n strips, Pico de Gallo, Daiya shreds, vegan sour cream, rice, and pinto beans served on a mix of lettuce and tomatillo-avocado sauce.  We thought the food was ok and was pricey for Americanized Mexican food.  But I get it that it's a tourist spot so a lot of the food is overpriced. I give it 3 stars for food, but since the service was great and they have a separate vegan menu I'm giving them another star.  Our waiter brought our food out quickly and always made sure we had everything we needed.  If I'm ever near Mandalay Bay, I'm glad I can come here for vegan options or I may try their sister restaurant next door Slice of Vegas which also has a vegan menu. Being vegan in Vegas seems pretty easy.
4	Margaritas were amazing. It was a nice place to have good food and watch the football games. It helped that the manager had a bears Jersey on. Tortilla soup was great.
3	Kind of annoying waitress with a high pitched fake tone but the food was tasty. I had the steak and rice risotto and the best part of the meal was the corn cup. Roasted corn with queso fresco and butter - so tasty. My friend had the enchiladas suiza and they were a tad salty but still had good flavor.
4	I've walked by this place many, many times and finally decided to try it. I'm glad I did. They serve fresh chips and salsa. I sat at the bar area and the service was fast. It was actually a little too fast. I got my order before I even got close to finishing the chips and salsa. That's really my only complaint. The menu isn't huge and there are no combination plates, but that wasn't a problem. I highly recommend the 3 Steak Tacos plate I got. It comes with rice and beans. The waitress/bartender was really nice. I didn't order any alcohol but someone near me was drinking a margarita and it looked big. If you're looking for vegan food, they have a vegan menu. I plan to come back here again sometime.
