4	Got what I needed at the price i was looking for. Great experience and knowledgeable staff! Will return soon.
5	I bought a conference table and chairs a few months ago from AZ Office Liquidators, and feel like I got a great deal on great furniture.  This month, I purchased 10 refurbished office cubes from the company, and I couldn't be more satisfied.  Lorraine designed our floor plan, sourced high-quality units in good condition, repainted shelves at no cost, and coordinated a no-hassles installation.   I'd make AZ Office Liquidatiors your first and last stop for office furniture.
5	I needed a new chair for my home office but I didn't want to break the bank on a new one. I was a bit overwhelmed with how many options they had but the salesman was able to help me find one that wouldn't hurt my back after sitting in it all day. I got a great price too! I'll be back next time I need to upgrade something in my office.
1	Nice products/Unsatisfactory serviceDecided not to go forward in purchasing office furniture from them after several days of not receiving a quote for the items I wanted to purchase. I called them each morning for an update and each day I was told that I would receive a quote in 45 minutes, finally received an email minus the quote on the 3rd day.Having been in sales for the last 15 years I have a hard time wrapping my head around how any business would ignore an opportunity to make 7-10K from a single transaction.
1	My bf suggested AOL&D because he and his sister had just got their desks here a few months prior so I figured why not. Cher helped him and was there when we went to look so she helped me. She was helpful the day we were there and then that was it.... After I got her quote I asked for a picture (because what I wanted wasn't what they has on display) and asked if the price was negotiable (since it was $300 MORE then what she quoted me in the store). After being ignored for 3days I sent another email, all she replied with was a picture. So I called and said I would be able to close the deal for a certain price (which was minus Tax & delivery) she proceeded to tell me she would need to call Obama to remove the sales tax and I could pick it up if I didn't want to pay the delivery.... WOW, is that really how you go about talking to a customer!? I basically said ok I would keep looking and she said ok and hung up! SO I have since found the SAME exact desk at Jerry's Office Furniture from the sales man by the name of Wayne who was VERY helpful in the price I was willing to pay! If you're looking for a Case product I would highly suggest you check out Jerry's!
5	I am so excited about our office set up. With our recent office move, this must have been the easiest process we've had so far! I actually held off on our move because of the dreadful process we were up against.  If I knew it would have been this smooth, we would have moved months ago! I had Sarah and Elaine come out to our office and plan it all out. Told them what I wanted, they did their thing and fast forward a few weeks, out office looks as cool as the Facebook headquarters! Not to mention I saved a ton compared to the two others I got a quote from. If you're thinking about using them, go directly to Sarah. She's seriously a office design professional! Thanks guys!
5	I have managed an office with "hand me down furniture" for over 2 years, and was ecstatic when the owner gave me a budget to shop for new furniture.  These feelings faded fast when I started shopping and realized my budget was more Big Lots and less Copenhagen. So I turned to local resources and discovered Arizona Office Liquidators. Champagne on a beer budget... but for office furniture.  My kind of place!The first thing I noticed is that I didn't feel like I was in an ill managed Goodwill store. The floor is well organized and easy to shop and get around. I have been in other places that feel more like cluttered rat mazes than furniture stores, so this was a nice change. The furniture is not all crammed together and piled to the ceiling.Customer service was outstanding. Floor associates were helpful and available to answer questions, but didn't follow me around like lost puppies. I had to call back and double check measurements, and my request was answered promptly. The delivery and installation team was also professional. And they took my old furniture. Score!  And they gave me credit for it towards my new furniture. Double score! I admittedly know very little about office furniture, but the quality seems to be good, especially for the price. My office crew thinks I'm Wonder Woman for furnishing the office on what seemed to be an unrealistic budget. And my boss is happy I didn't bankrupt him. Would definitely use these guys again, though we are so pleased with our new set up, I imagine it will be quite some time before we are looking for new furniture.
