4	The Hibachi Grill and Supreme Buffet was awesome! My family and I came here for dinner on a Friday night during Lent looking for seafood options. Boy, did they deliver! For about $14 per person, you are offered a great variety of seafood and meat options. They offer a military discount too, which is great! The place is huge. There are sushi, hibachi, regular entree, and dessert sections - lots and LOTS of food. I started out by trying the sushi. There were about 10-15 different options of nigiri, rolls, and sashimi. It was all good, but obviously not fresh. The rice was too dried out in my opinion.I then tried their clam chowder. Delicious! There were lots of good pieces of clam and potato in the soup, it didn't taste canned at all, like I would have expected. Definitely try this if you like clam chowder.Their salted pepper shrimp was okay. It could have used more salt. The  baked salmon was alright as well, I think even though it was sitting in some milky liquid, it still was rather dry.I'm not a big fan of fresh oysters, but I tried theirs and I was actually impressed. My mom, who is a big fan, loved them and said they tasted nice and fresh.The star of the buffet for me were the snow crab legs. They are offered warm and steamed. The legs have lots of meat and the meat is good and sweet! I ate two plates, haha. I was definitely satisfied with those!Of the desserts, I tried the banana, tapioca, and chocolate puddings. All tasty. I also tried the cake roll and mocha cake. The cake roll was dry and the mocha cake had a lot of frosting, so I ate them together, which was a perfect combo, lol. They offered a few fruit options, I only tried the watermelon - good. Their sesame balls were good! Fresh and chewy, but no red bean paste inside, just straight mochi. My brother tried the frozen yogurt and said it was nice and creamy.I am really impressed with this place. The area doesn't have a lot of other great dining options, so this place is a breath of fresh area for this side of town. I definitely recommend this place over Buffet at Asia and The Golden Corral.
2	The Hibachi grill was okay, very bland seemed more like a Mongolian grill~even the Fiesta has better a Mongolian grill than this place and only $7! The food was okay mostly bland, the dessert selections were okay, not fresh seemed like it came from the freezer. at $15 dollars a person I will not be returning, definitely overpriced for the quality of the food.
2	This place is massive.   The price was good and I think I was expecting too much.  First stop was the hibachi station,  and if you are used to a Mongolia grill, it's the same thing, except you don't have much choice of sauces.  It was okay.  The hot crab legs were good.  We came on  Monday night so it was pretty slow.  Perhaps that's why some items looked like they'd been there awhile.  There are a lot of choices, even tacos, fries, wings.  Not much appealed to me.  On to dessert.  The cakes were bland and dry.  The cookies were stale.  The fried biscuits, like malasadas, we're the best thing I tried.  Overall, it was just...meh.  Perhaps if I tried again when they are busy, it will be better.  Table staff was very friendly.
5	There is sooooo much food here, so come very, VERY hungry! And that was only lunch! We were told at the cashier's desk that there is more food at dinner time. We arrived at about 3:30 PM and lunch ends at 3:45 PM, so we were just in time for lunch. Thank goodness, since I can't eat that much anyway, so it would be a moot point for me to have even more food in the buffet lines (there are 6 food lines jam packed with delights). Lunch is $9.24 and dinner is $13.85 -- and I would say that it is well worth the price considering the amounts and variety of foods provided. They even have a self-serve yogurt area and a special section for desserts. There's a special area for sushi and hibachi selections but I really was much too stuffed to try anything from that area. It doesn't take much to fill me up, so buffets always make money on me.Everything I tried was so very delicious and if I had more room, I would have eaten more (not! don't want to gain too much!)Seriously, be sure to come here ravenously hungry and you will be satiated not only in your tummy but also on your palate!
3	Big selection of food! However, the foods are bland and definitely not fresh. The staff isn't attentive; no one has come to check up on us or even bothered to bring my water order. I doubt I'll be returning.
5	GREAT BUFFET! Me, my family, and my friends were thinking of dining out either Buffet @ Asia or Hibachi Grill & Supreme Buffet. Since we ate Buffet @ Asia many times at the other locations, we decided to try this new buffet since we were near my friends' house. The buffet was great plus they had "GRAND OPENING SPECIALS" pricing, as well as including drinks.  There was tons of asian culture dishes out to choose from. The food was fabulous and good. The atmosphere inside the buffet was like you were in Asia plus they had river in front of the buffet. I would recommend my friends if they were around the area to try out this buffet.
4	Great service and really yummy sushi. Other than that, similar to Buffet Asia.  Check out the strawberry yogurt.
5	This is a very good buffet.  All the food was fresh, nothing tasted or looked like it had sat in a steamer very long.  Also looked clean and the employees all looked professional, unlike most Oriental places in the valley.  Lots and lots of food.  Very reasonably priced.  Overall, very decent place!
1	Stop now, & go somewhere else. We went here for dinner after reading prior reviews thinking that it would be a decent experience; we were wrong. As soon as we paid, sat down, & went around to look at our food choices we wanted to immediately ask for our money back. The quality of food looks like they either microwaved everything or just dropped items in the deep fryer.It was 630pm (prime dinner time) & everything was picked over & sloppily put together You're better off going to Buffet of Asia-- sad excuse for a newly opened business.
2	Not the best service, it was quit busy, but service was slow. We waited about 5 minutes after being seated to give our drink order. The food, I was skeptical about eating from the actual hibachi area since the meat was just out in the open, but my friend had it and it was good. A lot of the food didn't have much flavor, some of it was cold, and the sushi was all almost the same just made differently. The deserts were ok, same as all Chinese food buffets. One weird thing was the pineapple. We weren't sure if it was supposed to be like that, but it had salt on it or at least tasted salty which was really weird.
1	Cashier and server rude. STRIKE 1Flies hovering over buffet. STRIKE 2SHITTY tasting food. UnoriginalSTRIKE 3.  you're fuckin' OUT!!!
1	Food & customer service wasn't good.  Don't plan on coming back here. Too much food that doesn't even have good taste.
4	Food had a lot of flavor was really good.  Hudge selection of food including crab legs which where ok. I would definitely recommend this place
1	Went here because we had a coupon and was craving fresh hibachi and sushi. Yeah what a big disappointment, not only was the cashier rude (first encounter) but so was the owner or manager. We had to seat ourselves, and ask for drinks (I had to search for a server) the food was overall ok, nothing extraordinary. But yet again I had to look for someone to refill our drinks. Not only that but then we saw a family of 6 get seated right next to us basically blocking our way making them get up every time we wanted to go get food. Overall a bad experience, wouldn't choose to go there again.
4	Although the service was not a reason to come back ...the food was great!! The variety was unique and made the trip favorable.  Sashimi, 2 different types of crab, peanut butter chicken, and the overstuffed cream cheese wantons,were more then worth the price. Can't wait to come back, I hope they improve service though.
5	So many type of food to choose from! I liked this place, it's new right on the northeast side of Vegas (Stewart & Nellis) located right next to CiCis pizza, well I loved the concept of having a hibachi hot kitchen area where you pick your ingredients and have someone cook it for you within minutes so Japanese! and their sushi made fresh right before your eyes also very delish. Like any other Asian buffet I chose this one because of their prompt and friendly customer service. This place keeps up with their cleanliness and food is never low. Taking in consideration that all over the northeast side of Vegas (Nellis blvd) has a variety of Asian buffets. Did I also mentioned that this place is huge! It's spacious and there's not a huge wait time to be seated at most you will be looking at 5-10 mins.  Don't forget to check out the koi fish! :)
5	Imma go ahead and just give this place five stars. I didn't get bad service like others have stated. I mean, they cleaned our tables for us and took our plates promptly. That's all that matters. This place is exactly like Buffet @ Asia. The food and quality of it, and the price. BUTTTTT Hibachi Grill has crab legs, dimsum AND RAW OYSTERS!So, if you is hangry, go here. Worth it, in my opinion.
4	This place was a lot better then i expected! Theres a good amount of food for the price.There is also a good variety of deserts/sushi/fruits. They also have sea food which is a plus. The waitress was super nice, she would always check on us. Will be back!
4	Went right before closing on a Wednesday night. Services was fantastic, food was great.... there were only 3 other tables with patrons. So I wonder if that has something to do with consistency. They served SASHIMI on the line. I do not think I have ever seen that at a buffet before. Also they had a spicy shrimp soup that hubby LOVED. There was so much to try, I ate mostly sushi. I didn't have any desserts, try the grill, or the salad bar. Hubby ate 6 plates of food. And the owner came over to ask if we wanted anything else before they started cleaning.I am telling everyone I know! Glad we got the opening coupon in the mail. Well worth $30 for 3 people for dinner. Hubby wants to try lunch tomorrow, so we shall see if it's the same quality.
4	Let me just start off with how reasonable the princess are, $9 for lunch and $13 for dinner. They have a good selection on different Chinese favorite dishes. My favorite section is the Habachi grill where I made my own chow-mein full of veggies and shrimp. Our server was very sweet and attended. It is not  the best Chinese food place but for the price it was worth it. They serve crawfish, crab legs, oysters, muscles & honey walnut shrimp all of Le Boyfriends Faves.
3	This establishment was clean around the stations of food. I did see a few flies around but in this 100 degree weather, the flies and I would rather be inside. There was an assortment of options for food. I enjoyed the wings and salad/fruit bar the most. The soft serve ice cream was also tasty. As for the customer service, the ladies were polite and took plates away quickly. Polite, clean, and quick ...fair enough to receive three stars
4	I recommend giving this place a try.  Large Selection of foods, soups, meats, shrimp,  Sushi, desserts.  They are new and will have to work out the kinks but all in all, a good lunch buffet with discount to Seniors (65).  Lunch was $9.00 with discount, and everything I selected was good.
5	I got invited to my coworker's niece's birthday on Saturday June 21, 2014 to join them for lunch at Hibachi located on Stewart and Nellis next to that C'C's pizza that the two idiot Millers shot up awhile ago, so I was a bit nervous to sense how safe the area is. To my surprise that Hibachi grill was actually filled with business. Inside near the entrance was a ginormous koi pond which the children adored and started throwing coins to, for good luck. The hostesses were very welcoming to my coworker and since just won keno the night before, he paid the party of ten upfront. Our waitress was phenomenal at keeping up with our drink orders and our dirty plates. I ate over four plates filled with seafood and my blood pressure was so high afterwards that my doctors put me on medication that gave me allergic reactions, but it was all so delicious that I had to come back for more, after using the restroom, which was by the way, very nicely constructed, making someone feel the hidden treasures of the orient. Oysters, clams, shrimp, crabs with hot sweet butter, fried rice, fishball soup, oxtail soup, sushi, sashimi, noodles, white rice, dessert, and many more delightful recipes are prepared from 10:30am pacific time until 9:30pm pacific time. I am going back here every cheatday, whether people want to go with me, or by myself.
4	I was very impressed as I walked in. They have a nice little koi pond! Very clean and spaciousness seating area. It's really beautiful for an East Side buffet. They have a wide variety of food to choose from. From salad to sushi! The food is very delicious. At lunch before 3:45 it's $10 for adults. Children above 42 inches are half price. Children under 42 inches are free! So that was great! Only payed $24 for two adults and 3 children!
4	I have eaten at this buffet 4 times. The service is adequate but not exceptional. This food is generally tasty and fresh. The only negative , I have seen so far, is an occasional dirty table divider. Is made from glass and sometimes has fingerprints .I recommend this restaurant.The adult price is $14.97 including tax and drink.
2	So we went here with a group of friends on a friday night right after work and i gotta say it was decent but not over the top. they do offer the same things that they have at Buffet @ Asia but a little less on quality. The seafood they offer needs work the snow crab legs were very cheap looking and not that fresh because how you can tell its fresh is once you start opening them they still snap on the shells these crab legs were very soft and spongy and very little meat. the fried crab was better but it was cold. One thing i did enjoy was the space here as compared to other buffets it doesnt feel cramped and i appreciate that. When you have a buffet make sure the food is hot because people like fresh food not something that has been sitting for about 10-15 min before you bring it out. Some cool things that they did have were dim sum and sushi which were ok and the dessert here was a big selection of it from fruiot to yogurt to cookies and cake.For about $13 its a solid cheap buffet so you get your moneys worth but dont expect me to come back to this for i rather go to buffet @ Asia for the quality and for $2 more.
2	I was expecting this place to be not so great because seafood is expensive and it was really cheap and we used the free meal coupon that we found in their ad. Anyway, the peel and eat shrimp wasn't bad, the sushi fish wasn't terrible either, but I thought it was weird that they just had straight up cut fish as opposed to sashimi. The tom yum wasn't bad, but I've had better. It tasted like this one was made with chicken stock which is... Odd. The orange chicken was okay, but again I've had better. The crab legs cracked open easily, but most pieces didn't have any flavor as if they'd been frozen too long. The muscles were fishy. The clams were PACKED with sand. The oysters were the nastiest I've ever had. None of the flavors in them were positive. I didn't get to try the hibachi station so I can't speak for that. But hey, I didn't get food poisoning! And you get what you pay for.This review got two stars because the service was pretty awful. I didn't really see the waitress after she set down our drinks and we had to hunt her done for a refill. But hey, if you can hunt the waiters down the beers are only $2!If you want something that's a little bit better quality-wise go to Fremont casino for seafood night.
4	Got a coupon in the mail for a BOGO. Went last night with the G/F, place was busy for a Tuesday night. Has a wide variety and selection of food. The sushi station was filled in a lot of good looking items. Had a nice selection of both your traditional Chinese food and your American food as well. The crab legs are good a little soft but nice tasty and warm. The dessert section was also awesome had a good variety of all different types of desserts including fresh fruit. The wait staff there was terrific always attentive towards the customer and was able to clean the plates off in a timely manner. I would recommend this place if you're in North Las Vegas and want  an honest good buffet.
4	I've eaten at Hibachi Grill & Supreme Buffet at least 8 to 10 times (8/04/2014) and like it more every time I eat here.  Sunday was $14.95 and with the crab legs, crabs, shrimp, etc.  it was pretty awesome.  I absolutely love the chicken wings, the Jalapeno Chicken, Sushi, the Tom Yum Krung (sp) Soup, there is something here for everyone.  I find it hard to have any complaints with this buffet.  Maybe that certain servers aren't as friendly or as well trained as they should be, but other servers are friendly and quick to ask if you need anything while removing dirty dishes, but I can live with that.
2	I was disappointed at this place with my family. the food is not freash, cheap made, and seem to expired. My mon felt sick after eating their unfreash oyster.
4	I  really want to give this place 3 & 1/2 stars but since you can't give a 1/2 star,I'm rounding up to 4 stars.I had been wanting to go to this buffet for months but I could never find a person to go with.If you've read any of my other reviews,I've mentioned that I'm a non-driver and it's hard for me to get around.I live crosstown from this placeand it's out of the way but today I decided to use the public transit system.I have really mixed feelings about this place.I had really high expectations and this buffet did not live up to them.I went for lunch and I'm guessing that dinner might have hve a better selection.The sushi selection was really limited.It's not like I didn't enjoy my meal;the food was adequate but I wish it could have been a bit better.They had a lot of items but they just weren't outstanding.I wish they could have had one really good shrimp dish(maybe dinner?) instead of peel and eat shrimp.They did have a salt and pepper shrimp dish but the flavor was not that great.They could have been a little faster in refilling the food.Service was adequate but not really friendly.I would rate this place as better than Lee's buffet(who isn't?) and Jumbo buffet,somewhat similar to Buffet Asia and not as good as my all time favorite,Krazy Buffet on Sahara and Cimarron.I would eat here again,maybe for dinner to see what additional items they have.You could definitely do worse than eating here,but you could do better,too.I probably won't come back here unless I get a ride from someone.But give it one try;you just might like it.
5	Two thumbs up for this new buffet in town!!. The place, food, service, price, and location is totally great! My  family & friends love it here!. Also, you may book a party or any special event here too! The place is very spacious n nice. Love it!!
3	Our first visit was on a Monday night for dinner, the main draw for us was the steamed crab legs. It was about the best item I had. The shrimp plate with veggies was second. Other items were hit and miss baked pork chop tasted good, also enjoyed the various pot stickers and crispy wontons. The chicken dishes could be better quality. There are some sushi options, I'm still new to eating sushi so the one I picked was not to my liking. The staff seemed a bit distracted, overall nice but needs to pay better attention to guests. I would give a second try, maybe for lunch.
4	3.5 stars for HIBACHI! Considering the deal, we will roll with the 4 instead of 3 stars. Unlimited crab for both me and the boyfriend for under $40. SCORE! I didn't walk in expecting huge, great quality crab, which is why it's easier to give this place the higher rating. Even though I no longer live on the east side of Vegas, when a new food place pops up in my ol' hood, it sparks my interest. Somewhat hidden on the corner of Nellis and Stewart is The Hibachi Grill, and in an area of horrible Asian buffets, this place actually makes the cut! Now first off, this is more of a buffet, with a grill station. With that being said, DO NOT SKIP THE GRILL STATION!! As a matter of fact, remember to bring a few extra singles so you can tip your grill master. It reminded me of a Mongolian stir fry. Add your raw ingredients, hand to chef, wait for chef to cook, and eat! This was personally my favorite area of the buffet. I had a nice skillet with more veggies than meat, just how I like it. The buffet looked like a minimum of 50 items. This included sushi, shrimp in multiple forms, HOT crab legs, rice, noodles, a few Asian specialties, and even some chicken nuggets and fries for those picky kids. Overall, there wasn't anything that stood out amazing, and the salmon is very much skip-able. But, on that note, I could get full, on decent food, some fresh some canned, and be satisfied with my meal, as well as the price I paid for it. I am pretty sure every buffet has some of those items you pass on, and here I may pass on more than others. However there was enough good to make a return trip. If you are seeking gourmet, go elsewhere. If you are seeking a decent price plate of shrimp or crab that you can bring the whole fam to, this is your place. A little something of everything.
4	Hibachi has very friendly staff the price is not bad and the food is pretty good. Not a very large variety of suchi but alot of choices in food and desserts.
2	Not a big fan of asian buffets but my mother wanted to try this place, it just opened near our house. Upon arriving, it seemed like a pretty clean place unlike a lot of buffets near our home. There's even a soothing little man made pond/fountain to the right once you walk in. The decor was pleasant on the eyes. It's pretty cheap price. We came on a Sunday for dinner which was roughly about 14$. It seemed pretty busy but got seated right away. I was surprised by how much food they had. They even had crab legs and crawfish that night! For the price of 14$ you can get AYCE crabs? I think that's quite a steal. I rated this place 2 stars because unfortunately the crabs was all that was appealing to me. The other foods all seemed bland and no flavor. The food looked like it was sitting there for a bit. The sushi I tried was all rice no fish in it.. And I'm not exaggerating, there literally was NO fish in it! One sushi I tried tasted like the fish they used was canned tuna.. YES, canned tuna! There was a place where you can pick veggies you wanted and the chef would satay it for you which I thought was pretty cool. My water didn't get refilled not once while I was there. The empty plates did get picked up right away. We only saw our server once and that was to bring out our waters. It's a buffet so I never expect to see the server a lot BUT at least check on our waters or see how we're doing.Probably won't be returning. I think my mom liked the place. Unfortunately I wish I can say the same for my myself, but I can't.
2	It was a good $10 for Lunch. Seafood is good here as well as the fruits and deserts..the hibachi station is worth trying. But I'm not excited about it
4	I was craving crab legs and my co worker told me about this place. Best crab legs hands down I ever had in Las Vegas! I went on a Friday night pretty busy so they kept replenishing!  I heard if you go on a slow day they don't replenish fast. My boyfriend told our waiter/bus boy his sweet and sour chicken was cold. He said ok, not even 10 minutes later he brought a place a fresh sweet and sour chicken to our table and apologized about the inconvenience.  Talk about customer service!!! I gave it 4 stars because they need to clean up the buffet a little when people spill things, other then that I'll be back and I will spread the word!
3	I got a coupon in the mail for 15% of our meal price so my wife and I went here after church. This buffet has its hits and misses. The hits: rib roast, orange chicken, baked mussels, clams, and CRAB LEGS. The misses: all the canned fruit in their syrup baths, bought in desserts, and soggy french fries. There's also a grill station where you choose your vegetables, meat, and sauces and have the chef stir fry them for you. My wife and I didn't try it as its very common in Vegas. Their buffet costs around $15 on Sundays. I would give it a passing grade as their seafood dishes tasted pretty good here. Note: When i presented my coupon to the chinese cashier lady, I saw her roll her eyes at me. :P
4	Well worth the price. . 9.50 for lunch. . Clean & comfortable.  Occasionally you can get a 20% off coupon in the mail.
4	Ill take this place over buffet at Asia any day. They offer more selection than what I'm used to seeing at other Asian eateries. This place is clean, plenty of parking and I like the ambiance of the koi pond. As far as pricing is concerned, they're competitive price-wise.
