5	The burgers here are great! The patties here are packed (or I guess "smashed") with such a juicy flavor. I recommend the Swiss Mushroom or the Classic Smashburger, you can't go wrong with any of them. As for sides I recommend the Smashfries. It's cooked in rosemary, garlic and olive oil. Very tasty! If you want another side you can try the fried pickles. They're something you'd definitely want to try.I went here because I had heard someone say that this place has better buggers than In-N-Out. If I were to rank this place out of all the burger joints in Vegas, this place would rank a close first to In-N-Out; and it's way better than Fuddruckers.
4	If you're in the mood for a tasty burger, this is definitely the place for it.I went with a 1/3 lb. Mushroom Swiss, with an order of their haystack fries on the side. Upon first bite, my mouth exploded with flavor. This thing was delicious. After the first couple of bites, I had already regretted not getting the bigger 1/2 lb. version. Each bite was pure bliss. Although, it was a bit too greasy for my tastes. Fat does equal flavor though, so sometimes you just gotta roll with it, especially if you're hungry.  The haystack onions taste just like you would expect it to taste, except they were excessively greasy. Definitely nothing to rave about. And this time, the excess oil was unwarranted. It was like they didn't even shake off the oil when it came from the fryer. For a $2 side, you'd think you'd get a bigger quantity, but you don't really get much of it at all. I'd definitely recommend getting the SmashFries instead.I'm definitely down to come back to this place to try the Sin City Burger. Of course, it'd have to wait for a while. Just this one stop to this place already filled my monthly grease intake quota.
5	We got the half-pound Sin City burger and the Veggie Frites.  The burger was delicious.  The meat had a lot of flavor and the toppings were great.  The bacon had good flavor, but I wish it had been crispier.  Veggie Frites were really tasty.  I was expecting them to be covered in batter, but they weren't (which was fine with me).  Some of the asparagus pieces were a little woody, unfortunately.  Prices were a little higher than your average burger joint, but the quality and service were good.  We'll be back.
2	I wanted to try the new burger joint so we stopped in for a burger fix. I looked at there menu online and noticed a few things that excited me: veggie fries and they serve beer. They don't have their liquor license yet cause they are brand new, but They have malt shakes, bottled root beer,  water and the standard soda fountain. What intrigued me was their menu-nice and simple. The place looks cool too. Big red words on the wall and lots of booth and half booth seating inside. They have a small outside eating area if you want to be in the breeze. Here's the review breakdown. Ambiance: nice and casual with a hip feel to it. They play alternative music and some yuppie stuff, too. Seating is comfortable and plentiful. Service: good. Cashier in the front and they bring you your food if you are eating in. Nice people and it looks like there's only 3 running the front. More than enough. Cleanliness: I posted a picture of the floor. Under majority of empty seating we saw food, napkins and other various trash. One booth still had food on the seat so we moved. You may see greasy fingerprints on the leather booth chairs, too. What worries me is that a dirty eating area sometimes reflects the kitchen cleanliness. Despite this, I needed to try it to review so we stayed, but I usually walk out when I see this. Burger joint or not--dirty floors are unacceptable in any eating establishment whether cheap or expensive. They do keep the tables tops fairly clean.Food: I made my own burger with their smash sauce, side of sweet potato fries, a sin city burger with smash fries and a plain dog with veggie fries. Just to let you know they don't ask how you want your burger cooked. Make your own burger:  My burger was salty like they overdid the seasoning on the patty. They also left a bit of cheese on the patty that they pulled off when they realized I ordered without. That left a nice, shiny top to my burger patty. Their smash sauce is mustard mixed with mayo and a bit of salt and pepper.  Bun was nice and light (egg bun) and slightly sweet. It was okay. Sin city burger: The sin city burger is great for those who want a really greasy burger, otherwise steer clear. It literally dripped grease. I thought it was egg yolk but it was grease. Lots of it. We're not talking burger grease from the patty, but pure vegetable oil dripping from the burger.  We assume it was the onion rings on top and the fried egg.  They weren't drained on a towel or anything before being placed on the burger, so it was packed with oil. Smash dog (plain): The dog is salty hot dog goodness. It's 100% beef and it was split open.  The bun was egg bread with sesame seeds on it, and it was slightly hard.   As for their veggie fries they came out soggy. The oil temp wasn't high enough. The highlights  are their sweet potato and smash fries. Herb seasoned with rock salt, they were well seasoned and very good. It tasted like rosemary, thyme and parsley on there.  That was different and nice to eat at a place like this.Will I come again? Only if I want fries and crave theirs. I don't care for the burger because it honestly looks and tastes like what my dad makes at home, but worse. I like comfort food and will pay when it's worth it, but I won't pay 4 bucks to eat their burgers again. It was too close to what anyone could do at home. They need to find a better seasoning recipe or different way to shape the patties..something to make them stand out more than flattening a patty on a hot flat top. Maybe charbroiled or grilled, otherwise I'll go to dad's and pay him. To justify my review, I'm one to love a good burger once in a while.  I love fast food and diner burgers when they are good, but this one was okay but not worth going out to pay for.  It's a good stop for fries, beer (when they get it) and a shake but the burgers didn't impress me enough to justify coming back again. I think I'll do another review six months from now to see if they improve.  I hope to God they clean up the floors and seats better, because any place that has a dirty eating area probably has a messy and dirty kitchen, too.
4	Awesome, most comparable to fat burger except way better.  Similar price, better tasting burger, more interesting sides, and better atmosphere and service.  The classic cheese is delicious and the spicy baha burger I had with jalepenos, pepper jack, guac, on chipotle bun was incredible.  There regular bun is an egg bread and it's perfect.  They serve great fries with or without rosemary and garlic and their fried pickles are real crispy without being greasy, the best I have had.  The haystack onions are thin sliced fried onions served with a great sauce, it all taste similar to an awesome blossom just different presentation.   The service was fast for a made to order burger compared to slow as hell fat burger and real friendly compared to "welcome to fat burger, what the F".      This isn't one of those gourmet burger spots but if you are looking for a good classic burger and fries this place rocks!They have chicago style and chili dogs, I can't wait to try them.
4	Good Burger, a little greasier than I like, but still very good tasting.I also like the Smash Fries.Nice to have a fresh made Burger, not something thats been Nuked.
3	The regular fries were fair at best and the cheeseburger came out medium not because I requested it that way - I think the cook was lazy. The cheese was barely melted. This place is going to have to try harder when Create Burger and In and Out are on the same street. I did get an explanation on the burger which they said it was standard to cook burger medium well.  This place is ok, nothing that blows me away.
4	I was skeptical at first when I saw the Classic Smashburger in my plate because it did look small for 1/2 lb and not very appetizing but I was wrong. It tastes very good. I enjoyed it very much. The quality of Smash Burger is right there with In & Out down the street... BUT it's pricey. $5.99 for a burger with no fries which are by the way too greasy? That's too bad. I had the Chocolate milk shake and it was delicious. Saying all that I'll go back without hesitation.
4	On my way back from Mt . Charleston I stopped by here because I heard great things about it.  I got the sin city burger,sweet potato fries and IBC root beer.It was freaking delicious! I mean everything is fried and butter and oil but, it was really oily and yummy.I couldn't finish the whole burger because it was just juice and butter everywhere.The fried green bean looked but didn't get to try it.If you live on that side of town, craving an awesome burger, and don't mind the heart attack this is it!I can't personally eat like that often because I feel gross afterwards and trying to eat vegetarian.  I wish they had a veggie option tho so, I could have had a choice instead of being "forced" to eat meat.  LOLWhatever, it's good.  If you are around the neighborhood try it.  The price is reasonable.  It's like a strip burger for $5.99
2	Greasy is an understatement.  I know they smash their angus beef on the "griddle" to seal in the flavor, but I've had much better!  Had the Sin City burger with haystack onions, fried egg, and applewood bacon.  Nice concept, presentation, and yes....very filling!  But the freshness and seasoning of the large patty was blindsided by the greasiness.SmashFries were better!
1	I had given this bad a bad review on another site, and decided to give it another try.  I wasn't wrong.  The burgers are so greasy it's disgusting.  They say the meat is seasoned, but it's bland and flavorless.  The fries are really greasy as well.  Twice is more than enough for me... Really once was, but i was trying to be fair and regretted it.Create (burger place a few blocks east) is so good, i don't see how this place has a chance.
2	Like others have said, the burgers are really greasy.  They leave a greasy film all over the place.  The smash fries were mediocre at bes, the fired pickles we decent.  I asked numerous times when ordering that I wanted CRISPY bacon.  Of course the bacon was anything but crispy.  The grilled onions were greasy as well.  Create a Burger was better, but for equivalent money I prefer to go to Red Robin.  If you haven't tried them yet, then get to Tommy's and In-n-Out.
1	Greasy burgers and dried out chicken anyone? Don't get me wrong I like a nice greasy burger every now and then, but this place was just overdone. It reminded me of going to a friends house who bought the cheap beef loaded with fat and made a oversized hamburger just dripping with grease. The second time, I had the chicken burger and it was dry dry dry, no juice in this bird. I haven't been in the shop myself, only been given the food but they're going to have a harder time competing with the other burger shops all down lake mead blvd.
5	I wouldn't normally go to a restaurant for hamburgers, but this place makes some very delicious ones. From reading my beverage cup, I learned that Smashburger actually smashes their Angus beef burgers onto the grill, hence their name. The burgers are soooo good. If you have ever had Fatburger, I think the quality is similar. If a Crabby Patty was manifested into a real life burger---it may possibly taste like a smashburger.I had the American smashburger and my BF had the Sin City smashburger. His burger was quite tasty---the fried egg made a difference! I love that they serve their burgers in "egg buns" too.The smashfries are the best fries I have ever had. They were crispy and flavorful. I have never had fries like these anywhere else! Yum.PROS:-Refillable drinks-Coupons are available, if you know where to look-Seat yourself-Server brings the food to your tableI am definitely coming back here to try out their other menu items, like the smashchicken.
3	The others reviews seem spot on. Food was greasy but yummy. You can choose weird burger options but I think a more basic hamburger would have been better for my first visit, mine was too busy but I did enjoyed the egg bun.  I think there's 2 type of fries, smash fries were oily and salty, ill try regular next time.I had the Sin City burger with a fried egg on it haha. Smash fries were pretty good but still nothing spectacular. End result, the food is good but it seems like you're paying for the gimmick :/Just another fudruckers, johnny rockets, fatburger etc. All a little different but expensive for just a burger! No combo meal just a dollar off when getting fries with a burger, so everything is priced separately.They also have Haagen Daas desserts which my girlfriend enjoyed, not something important to me though. I did like their selection of sodas, coke zero ftwStaff was all over personality wise, some employees were quiet and standoffish, the counter girl was the most friendly. The manager used to work at Gordon Biersch I think. Seems like the business is too new, decor could be a lot better, eating area is pretty large but plain. I will definitely go back to see if it evolves or I like the plain fries,  burger / cheeseburger etc. just a hard choice with so many other options and create across the street heh
5	Yay!!! My 1st 5 star rating...I was going to give it 4 stars but what am I in denial? I really really like this place. I loved it in Utah and I love it here in Vegas...As I said before I am not a  hamburger type of girl but these burgers just do it for me (I know, get a room...) Seriously though I think everything here is tasty and that is the key word for me: TASTY!!! There wasn't or should I say hasn't been anything that I have tried here that I did not like. I love love love the flash fried veggies and so far the Barbecue burger is my favorite (and most fattening I'm sure) But you know what when I'm in the mood for a burger it better be lick your fingers greasy...If your on a diet should you eat here? Maybe not but if you are on diet you should maybe stay away from cheeseburgers for a while anyway, right? Well, there was one thing: I asked if my veggies could be all carrots(LOVE CARROTS) but the cashier said due to inventory that wasn't possible...I took it like a man and proceeded to order!!!
3	I ordered the 1/2 lb. BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger, smashfries and a chocolate shake. The burger was real good, with the patty peeking out of the edges of the bun, tangy sauce and a decent amount of bacon. The fries were good, however, the portion was smaller than I expected. The chocolate shake was ok as well. If your looking for a good burger, I would suggest giving this place a try.
3	The Skinny: Great burgers however spotty consistency  (3), really slow service (3), value - a little more expensive than your usual burger joint but significant better taste.I would have liked to give this place a four star review however the problem here has been the consistency of the food and service.My hubby and I dropped in on the grand opening day and were floored by how juicy the burgers were. Like dripping in all the meaty goodness to the point where the bun was becoming over saturated. Although the wait is comparable to a busy In-N-Out,  wait staff were enthusiastic, helpful and eager to make your visit a pleasant one. Fast forward a few months later. On our fifth visit, the burger was significantly overcooked to the point of the having a hard crust on the patty. Not only was the burger a disappointment, the entree salad we ordered took significantly long time to come to the table. The wait staff apologized for the wait but said they needed to get it exactly right. (FYI, It took over 30 minutes to make a small salad with a fried egg and some bacon crumbled on top right. And the salad wasn't really anything special either.)Other than the burgers, the chili isn't that much different from Wendy's chili - minus the kidney beans. The french fries are okay - the rosemary flavour is marginally better but not worth the extra cost. The sweet potato fries and veggie frites are too soggy and unappetizing.Overall, I would recommend it for a good place for a burger but not much else. "Choose your own burger" frees you to get the toppings you want - including grilled onions.
3	I've been to this place about two times since I love burgers. So first off this place is really small but clean (then again it's a fairly new place). The staff was friendly but the cleaning the tables part was very poor. It took a while for them to bus the tables when people wanted to sit down. Now getting down to the burgers, so far I tried the mushroom Swiss burger with extra mushrooms because I love mushrooms. It was really good but very greasy. I also ordered the smashfries as a side, ehh it was okay it's topped with rosemary, olive oil, and garlic salt. But man was there way to much olive oil! The other burger I tried was the Sin City SmashBurger which has bacon, fried egg, cheese, onions (I don't like raw onions so I took that out), haystack onions, and egg bun. It was good but oily! The prices of the burgers range from $4.99 to $6.99 and the sides range from $1.49 and $3 something.
4	Had a good bacon cheese burger. I don't remember all of the grease everyone is talking about. I swapped regular cheese for pepper Jack. Fries were pretty good. They were original. Seasoned well and cooked nicely.  My second visit was not as good.  The chili for this burger was not like any chili I have had on a burger. It came in a microscopic size dish. Looked like it was more of a spread than chilly. If you build your own, be sure to add lettuce or what not. I didn't even have mayo or anything. Food was fresh. Fresh lettuce etc.Patio was nice and clean. So was the inside.  Everyone was really nice. I think this place could give a few other well known old time burger places a run for their money.
3	Ok, so the food is yummy, but for the new place in town they seem a little cocky about their new popularity. My coworker raved about the caramel+chocolate milkshake that she got on her last 3 visits to this location After being sold on the idea of coming here for a caramel+chocolate shake on our lunch hour by my coworker, I was a less than amused by the employees attitude towards us while placing our order. Really, a milkshake is ice-cream, milk and syrup (either chocolate, caramel or strawberry) how hard is it to put a measure of chocolate AND caramel in the mix? The snarky employee refused stating "just pick one or the other"! She stated that everything was pre-measured but the obvious flavor syrups were there in front of us and they were just liter bottles with a pump on top. What gives? If they are this cocky when they are new and trying to establish a reputation how will they be in 6 months? I hope they are still around because the food is good, just with a crew of employees with better attitudes!
5	SmashBurger was a place I would of never known about till my cousin Sindi said I need to try it. She said it has some amazing food and some awesome french fries. Being a food junky, I finally got off my lazy ass and headed over to SmashBurger after we had to drop off our son at his grandmas on the other side of town. On the way back, we found it and what a trip it was. It was trendy and modern style inside. Walk up to the counter and get greeted by a friendly staff. I ordered the Baja Burger with a side of Smash Fries. I went for the 1/3 pound size patty. It was topped with Pepperjack Cheese, fresh jalapenos, onions, tomato, lettuce and a chipotle mayo all nestled on a toasted Chipotle Bun. The Smash Fries were crispy Shoestring fries tossed in Olive Oil, Rosemary, and Garlic. OMG, it was amazing. The burger was crisp, yet juicy. The jalapenos slices burst like flavor crystals in your mouth. The veggies were crisp and cold. The bun was perfectly toasted yet soft and tasty. The Smash Fries were crispy and so damn flavorful it would make you wish it was Red Robin were you get ALL YOU CAN EAT!!. The wife ordered the Smash Chicken Sandwich. Perfectly seasoned smash seared piece of chicken heaven. Topped with tomatos, onions lettuce and pickles and light mayo. The toasted wheat bun was great. If only Subway's crappy bread was soft and toasted perfectly like SmashBurger. All in all, there is a big menu you can choose from. Las Vegas has its own burger with a fried egg. Ewww, Eggs on burgers are a sin. Whoever likes them, good for them lol. I would like to try the smash dog and Sweet potato fries, maybe even a salad. With a diverse menu, it'll definetly keep me coming back. Until next time, Let's Eat!!
3	Big fan of the burgers but the fries are just like everywhere else in town.
4	BF and I took his mom and grandma out for lunch. The BF and I grabbed the Sin City burger (egg, onion strings, grilled onions, American cheese, smash sauce, egg bun). This was good, but it was very rich. I think I would ask this without the cheese since egg is enough creamy richness. I was a bit worried about the reviews saying it's burnt and salty or dripping grease. It was cooked medium well, juicy but not overly greasy. It was lacking sauce though so I grabbed some BBQ sauce. Mom and Grandma got the Spicy Baja (pepper jack cheese, guacamole, lettuce, tomato,onion, chipotle mayo, slice jalapenos, chipotle bun). They enjoyed it and said they would come back again. We shared 4 sides:Sweet Potato Fries- interesting take that it's not plain or sweet, but have savory herbs on it. It had a smidge too much rosemary, but was good.Fried Pickles- they were pretty good, but kinda salty after eating a couple.Mixed Veggies- I thought these were going to be breaded, but were more sauteed. They had good flavor and just something different to snack on. Haystack Onions- this was the winning side. I love string onions and theirs were nicely done.Our food came out fairly quickly, but BF and I got the wrong burgers so had to wait for them to refire the right ones. Overall it was a decent burger, but far from being the best in Vegas. It seems there are many comments about it being inconsistent in their food, so a 2nd visit will decide how this place stacks up. For now, I'll stick with the verdict that this was a decent experience, but I still prefer Create across the street.
2	My boyfriend and I really liked this place. We don't go out to eat burgers very much, so this was a nice treat. We both shared a 1/2 lb. las vegas smashburger and added guacamole and mushrooms to it.  It wasn't as big as we expected it to be, but it was so full of flavor! MMm and the garlic rosemary fries were a nice touch, especially since we're garlic fiends!I probably would've given this place 4 stars, but when we were leaving we were confronted by a very angry worker. See, my bf's friend got an application from them so he could give it to his brother. She walked by and saw it on the table and said "who's is this?'' and he said it was his. Then she said " you don't want to work here," he asked why and she said " you only get like 6 hours a week, you don't want to work here" (I'm sure that was BS). Then he said it was for his bro and she said "whoever it's for, they don't want to work here." Then she freakin' took the application, crumbled it into a ball and SHOVED it down the trash. It was like she punched her whole arm into the trash can for dramatic effect. That REALLY pissed me off. I could understand if she was nice about it, like she was telling him a secret of something, but she was completely rude and obnoxious about it. I'm glad he didn't get to give it to his brother anyway, cuz who wants to work with a biznatch like that?
4	Really good burger, but to be honest the prices are a bit high.  The wait a bit long, and I usually put burgers in two categories.  Fast food burgers you can pick up at a drive thru, and get our of your car sit and eat burgers.  Smash burger is a fast food burger disguised as a get out and sit burger.  And with Create not even a half a mile down the road I'm always gonna end up at create.  Definitely worth a try though.
3	I wish Yelp had a 1/2 Star system...this is another case where I would have given the joint 3.5 Stars.I've read a lot of reviews about Smash Burger and wanted to give it a try for myself.  Today was the day.  I ordered the Classic Smash Burger 1/3 lb and a Chicago Dog.The woman working at the counter was very friendly.  I ordered it to eat in because I wanted to make sure I tasted it fresh out of the kitchen.  Within 5-6 minutes my order was ready.I decided to attack the Smash Burger first....I should have chosen the Dog...why?  Because the Beef was piping hot and it burned the hell out of my mouth!  Delicious though, but not awesome.  I could barely taste the special Smash Sauce, so the burger tasted kind of bland.....it was fresh though and the Egg Bun was awesome.Next I attacked the Chicago Dog.....the toppings and bun were excellent, but the Hot Dog itself wasn't great....just good.  This is where that 1/2 Star comes in again.Again, overall I'd rate this place 3.5 Stars.Will I return?  Yes, but it didn't surpass my beloved In-N-Out as so many reviews have said.
2	I give this place two years tops and they will be gone.  Nothing special about this place it's over priced and will not last long SmashBurger is crushed by even a place like del taco I kid you not. I had a burger at Del taco the day before and it was better then this
4	I've been two times so far scarfing down the Sin City Burger and the BBQ, Bacon, & Cheese. The Sin City Burger is definitely rich, but amazing. It will fill you up. I also opted for the Sweet Potato Smash Fries and they were a nice change from normal fries you can get anywhere. Fresh and crispy! Their buns are excellent quality and the speed of service is pretty good. An added bonus is that they do serve beer if you feel like a brew with your high temp cooked burger. Both locations near me are right down the street from In N' Out, and that can be tempting, but honestly, SmashBurger has a larger selection and flavor template than INO.
4	I don't eat burgers that often but I do get cravings time to time.  I'm pretty basic when I order so I tried the classic burger with extra pickles. :) The one thing that stood out to me was the bun.  I believe its an egg bun.  Very yummy.  I also ordered a side of the veggie frites.  They were a bit on the salty side for me but still tasty.  I would probably make a return trip if I get another burger craving.
4	I really did not want to click on the fourth star. My hand even shook a little.But I had to do it. Let me paint a picture for you...I walk in with coworkers. I'm the skinny guy and I'm a little pear shaped myself. Not so skinny, right? The guys who I was with knew the guys at the next table. Like my coworkers these were not skinny guys. These were big guys. Guys who love to eat. Guys who love places like Smashburger. Guys who are tormented and tortured physically by Smashburger.These guys can't see their feet.What were the odds that the guys I was with would know the other guys? doesn't matter.I don't know the name of my burger. If it had a name it was brief 'cause I ate the sun of a gun and it was good. I think the other guys all got Sin City burgers.It's hard to write this post. I feel tortured.Go try Smashburger.
3	Had my first smash burger today and it was good! I am a burger fanatic and had heard a lot of chatter about this place so I had to check it out. Upon entering the place I was pleased with the decor and cleanliness. The staff at the counter was nice but honestly the folks at the in and out drive through are nicer! :) I decided to have the classic smash on a multigrain bun (trying to be a LITTLE healthy here!) and the smash fries. The burger was good and as others have said, it wasn't anything too special. Definitely fresh and well prepared. The fries.........Ummm OK the fries were really good! :) I believe they are dressed with olive oil, rosemary and garlic seasoning. Even after sitting in the to go container for about 10 min till I got back to my hotel, they were warm and crispy. All in all a good meal but not sure I would pass by in n out often to hit SmashBurger. 1/3 pound classic, fries and a drink came out to about 9 bucks.
3	Ok.  So I had heard about SmashBurger for a while, and considering I was in the area, I figured, might as well see what the fuss is about.  After perusing the menu, I decided that the Sin City Smash and some sweet potatoes fries sounded very appealing.  I order, they give me my number and I sit and wait.Finally, the food had arrived.  Mind you the wait wasn't that bad, 5 minutes maybe, decent time, nothing to mark down on.  I take my bite, and I'm overwhelmed by the onions.  There were 2 types of onions in the burger that it pretty much took over.  I could taste the burger and the egg, but it was well masked by the onions.  The burger was well cooked and very good, and the egg was nice, though a little overcooked.  Altogether an good burger.  The sweet potatoes fries were tossed in olive oil and rosemary (and I think garlic, not sure on that one).  It was very offsetting for the sweet potato fries, though I'm sure it would taste better as the normal SmashFries instead.All in all, I was kinda let down after all the hype I had been hearing.  I'll probably be back, as it is a better burger than 99% of fast food, but as of now, probably not too often.
2	The burger is greasy, service was okay, burger had good flavor though. A little pricey for the whole meal. Not sure if I'd frequent. Create down the street definitely a better value.
5	Burgers are the new black I tell you. Notice these gourmet burger joints popping up all over the place? Well hopefully this one is here to stay as it is pure awesomeness! Not your ordinary burger, the Sin City smashburger is dressed with their smash sauce, a fried egg , bacon, grilled onions, cheese, and onion straws piled on a warm toasted egg bun. The meat was piping hot, tender and falls apart when you bite into it, creating a mess on your plate (at least it doesn't get all over your face...) Good burgers, good fries and onion straws, good shakes, and guess what else? This place serves beer and wine!!! What more do you need?!
3	I'll keep this short and simple. Decent burgers, Haagen Daz shakes are excellent, and fries are great. Made a custom burger with bacon, bleu cheese, and egg bun, pretty good. The shakes are to die for, chocolate namely. The beef is soft but sometimes comes a little greasy. Smash burger gets two less stars simply because of the nonfriendly approach to newbs (funny, but not cool. hah!).
4	Seared burger patties. Mouthwatering. Garlic Rosemary fries. Hold me back. I might start eating this review.  I love the industrial interior. The vibe is even delicious itself. Great customer service - for the most part. I come in here a lot for my lunch breaks. They're good at maintaining cleanliness.  But one night, for dinner, the service was super slow. I'm mean snail trophies all around. My order was just sitting at the counter for 5 mins. Total of 15 mins. They guarantee 6 min wait. I can tell the difference in management from lunch and dinner. Can I expect consistency please.
5	This is the place to go for burgers!  The food is always consistent, the burgers always melt in your mouth and the fried pickles are my family's favorite.  Hip decor and very clean!
4	The burger was pretty dang delicious (i had the chipotle jalapeno burger). The atmosphere was ok. The decor was nice and the service was nice too. It was a little expensive for burgers but...ya canta argue with taste. Tasty food, pretty good dining experience. Definately recommend it.
4	I didn't know what the heck SmashBurger was until it came to LV. Of course I tried it cuz it was a new place to me.I've been here about 5 times now and its always a battle between the SinCity and the Mushroom Swiss burger. Both are good and equally oily.  ((drum roll)) ...and the SinCity burger wins!! Why? Because it has a fried egg in it!  They have a pretty simple menu, nothing confusing about it.  Food always came fast.  In quicker words, its like half fast food, half restaurant.  You order and wait in line like a fast food restaurant, then you sit down and wait til a food runner brings the food out to your table.  Similar to Sizzlers.  Off topic but, I miss Sizzlers.
3	The food is not bad, the price is scary, was a good try but not sure if the money is worth it. I would say you need to try at least once, if you feel like spending a little bit of money on a burger it is worth it! The food was awesome staff was friendly, the only reason for the low mark is the price $10 just seems like a lot for a burger....
3	Gourmet burgers are a dime a dozen right now, but a Groupon came up for SmashBurger so I gave it a shot.  Sorry, guys, but your burger doesn't beat some of your competitors.I could actually see SmashBurger doing really, really well as a chain restaurant.  Their burgers are much better than any of the other fast food joints, and even a lot of TGI Friday-like restaurants.But the burgers just can't touch Create's.  Nor Slider Truck or Fuku Burger, either.
2	This was our first visit to SmashBurger, going there because we had a 2-for-one coupon and had to go the AT&T store in the same strip mall.There's been an explosion of different burger franchises in the last few years to challenge the leaders.  But I think SmashBurger has a way to go.I was less than impressed by the [lack of] atmosphere.  I could be a fan of minimalist design, but I found the grey upper walls and khaki lower ones just depressing.  The counter where you order your food looks like they forgot to build the other half.  But they say you can't eat the atmosphere, so on to the food.My husband and I both ordered the Mushroom and Swiss burger, but I substituted Pepper Jack cheese for the Swiss.  The burger was cooked medium-well, but was still juicy and didn't suffer from what I usually complain about - too much salt.  But there must have been such a tiny bit of the cheese, since I didn't get even the slightest kick from it.  The egg bun tastes very good, but isn't firm enough to hold up under the liquid from the burger, pickles, tomatoes, and grilled onions.  My husband ordered the sweet potato fries, which I'm not crazy about, so I just had the burger.  To me, they looked almost burnt, but he loves burnt food, so it was okay by him.  Because I had just the burger, I left feeling as if I'd had an appetizer, not dinner.  I wish they offered a side salad, or something besides more fried stuff.  But they don't.  Makes me appreciate Chipotle even more.  Now that's a meal, even though it's not a burger.
2	On a street with an In 'n' Out, a Create, and about sixteen chain burger places,  I wasn't sure why we ever needed to go here -- except for SCIENCE.  Science is what makes us discover all sorts of great things -- infrared radiation or that new Thai place.   Sometimes science just ends up finding disappointment, like here at SmashBurger.  I'm not entirely sure what this place is doing, it promised a gourmet burger and garlic fries but really all I ended up with was a 15-minute wait and some little chisel sticks.  The jalapeno burger wasn't at all and was missing vital parts, like spice.Science is dangerous!  This was just another failed experiment so that you can get a real gourmet burger elsewhere!
5	Great meat and flavor. Nice touches on all. A little weak on the cheese portion, but it's included in the price ( good )Oh, and IBC rootbeer in a frosted mug= Heaven !
2	Five Guys Burgers is much better for several different reasons, but I will be fair and give Smashburger a review just based on it's own merits. Plus there are none in Vegas now, so it useless to compare for the time being.... The place didn't have a very friendly feel to it. I don't know why, it just seemed like the staff really didn't have much mojo for being there. Next, the burger was pretty good, but I fell prey to the temptation to make it too complex. With these burger places, if you keep it simple you usually end up with a tastier burger. I didn't follow my simple is better mantra and ended up with a big, sloppy mess. After I scraped off most of the mayo, ketchup, and smashburger sauce it was pretty decent. Where the two star review comes in is with the fries and milkshake. The fries were not very fresh tasting at all. It was like they were a little freezer burned and then fried in old oil. The milkshake was too watery-in other words, too much milk, not enough ice cream. Oh yeah, guess how much my sloppy burger, inedible fries and watered down shake set me back? $8? $10? $12?All wrong, it was nearly $14 with tax! Really it was quite a ripoff if you think about it. I've been to normal sit down restaurants with true waiter service that will have a great burger for $8 or $9 that comes with fries and a deli pickle. Do you want a really good burger that will remind you of Fourth of July cookouts and happier times? Go to a Five Guys when they come, or even In-and-Out Burger. They are both better at what Smashburger tries to do.
4	The chili cheese dog and smashfries here are awesome. So delicious and fresh. I don't know why people would continue to patronize the awful chain fast food places when they have a SmashBurger in their town. Besides also serving burgers, and also being leaps and bounds above your average fast food burger joint, I wouldn't invite the comparison to In-and-Out like others here have. They are two totally different experiences.
5	SmashBurger Rocks!  The best burger I've had in a long time.Their sweet potato fries are to die for, they are addictive. They make a much better burger than Five Guys or In and Out.  Service is great too.  I just wish there was a SmashBurger closer to my home.  I would seriously consider eating there every day if they had one near me.
5	My favorite burger place! The staff is always helpful and friendly. The manger makes a point of saying hello and always thanks us for coming in. Sin city burger is the best!
1	Quality control @lake mead location is abysmal. On multiple occasions, sandwiches have been served without add ons that were charged for, and the sides tasted like they had been sitting in a bucket of lukewarm grease for an hour. On top of that, our shakes were less than 2/3 full. Do yourself a favor and avoid this location and hit the more reliable Sahara location, or better yet, just go to Create.
4	This was the first place i went when i moved to Las Vegas and I'm glad i found this little gem.  The sweet potato fires are the best I've had anywhere.  I really like the burgers because you can tell they are hand made and not frozen and you can definitely taste the difference!
4	The restaurant is good, the service is fairly decent, and the food is solid. The only problem is after eating at least 3 times here I usually get the bubble guts and need to be home quick.Fried pickles are really good and sliced the way they should to be fried. I like the sweet potato fries.I usually get the Sin City Smash with EGG, BACON, AND Fried Onions. Very tasty just eat at home or near home.
4	This was my first time visiting a SmashBurger in Las Vegas. The location itself was clean. The lady that took our order not so nice, first she seemed like we were a inconveince and next when we asked about a military discount she said, "they are all ran different." Thank you lady we'll go to a different location next time. The food was amazing! I love the SmashChicken! They have about ten different variations and of course they have about twelve or more variations of the SmashBurger. Also the SmashSides the sweet potato fries are amazing!!! I will def visit another SmashBurger just not this one.
3	Good, but doesn't beat Five Guys. Fresh ingredients and fairly small portions so you won't get too stuffed. The hamburger patties are kinda like Wendy's (and, hey, I like Wendy's so that's good). Sweet potato fries and Smashfries are not even close to the Cajun fries at Five Guys. Serve yourself float was yummy. Good if you're in the neighborhood, but next time I'm near there I still wanna try Create.
4	I had the Sin City Smash.  It was large and really messy...which in my book is a good thing.  I liked the atmosphere and the people were friendly.  My only complaint is that the burger was over salted.  I am not especially sensitive to salt, but it was way too much.  Maybe the cook dropped the shaker on it?  I'll try it again to see if it was a fluke.
3	I love the food here, but parking is hard to get.  The burgers have always been delicious and they take care of the outside tables (cleaning) better than other locations.  Try the wedge salad and fries.  Delicious.
5	I gotta admit i liked this place a lot. The food was really really good. Ive already planned what I'm ordering the next time i go! The counter area could have been a little more productive when it came to helping customers but once you've ordered the service was quick. I ordered the Sin City burger with sweet potato fries and i was so pleased with this meal. I would def suggest this place for a quick bite to eat at a fair price! Super easy to find and alot of parking here...Def check this place out!!!!
3	The third or fourth time I went was today, a Saturday afternoon, Always have had good quality, but I have a couple of pet peeves. First the cost, I think kicking it down a is not going to happen but...How about not hosing me for 99 cents for adding a smallish amount of Mushrooms on my Burger and the Fries are 2.69  (i think) and super small order size, yes cool Iron basket with high tech wax paper liner but please Load it up.I did enjoy a chipolte Bun today and it had a Spicy kick to it which I enjoyed.So there you go.
4	Wow, this place is awesome and kicks In-N-Out's ass! I think I've found my #1 burger joint. I'm not going to go on telling you how good it is, I just recommend you come try it. When I was here I ordered my own "Make Your Own Burger" that way I made it to how I like it and boy did they make my burger just perfect. I will come back here to try their fried pickles and chili beef stuffs. I can't wait to come back and put other toppings in my burger, something that In-N-Out burger will never do.Thumbs up guys keep my burger nice and warm for my next visit.
5	The Smashburger Sin City burger is the best in Vegas.  Addictive, and not diet food, but definitely delicious and worth the price and the trip.
5	Man, I can't believe I am about to say this, but... um... this place may be better than In N Out. I know, I know... it sounds blasphemous, but hear me out, please.I've made a few trips here, and I've never been let down. At all. On my last trip here, I bought food for myself and my way-picky brother. I bought him the larger cheeseburger with fries and a Nutter Butter shake. I got the spicy burger, rosemary fries, and the shake, too. Altogether, I spent $26. It's more expensive than In N Out, sure, but it's worth it.First of all, the meat was delicious. It was perfectly juicy and tender without being undercooked. It was great, and seemed a mile apart from McDonald's-type stuff. Win. The bread was better, too, as were all the little extras: crisp lettuce, cold onions, juicy tomatoes... the works. Everything was great, and really in a different league than any other fast food place. The sauce on my spicy burger was great, too, and was more "gourmet" than I expected. It was another little bonus that kicked this place up another notch. When we finished our burgers and fries, both of us were fully stuffed. It's a lot of food, without really considering the shake. The shake was delicious, and way thicker and tastier than I expected. Again, it's more upscale. It's not even fair to compare Smashburger and McDonald's. I will return to this place time and again because it's so good. Everything is better than it is at a McDonald's, and AT LEAST as good as In N Out, if not better.
4	Was craving a burger after hiking Charleston (and having a fellow hiker inadvertently drop a rock on my finger - OW!).  Smashburger was reasonably close and did the job.  It's not supposed to be like In-n-out, with the extreme cheap-valueness.  S-burger offers a wider menu and pricier ingredients, which may account for the slightly higher, but still relatively inexpensive prices (sweet potato fries! salads! nutter butter shakes!)  My classic burger was juicy and the ingredients fresh.  It was served with a smile and received with a bigger one.  Try it, you'll like it!
4	I REALLY like this place. The burgers are excellent and it feels "sorta" fancy when it really isn't. Prices are a little high but worth it if you don't mind the extra 2-3 bucks. Lots of choices for burgers but not overwhelming :)
5	OMG... Why am I just finding out about smashburger??? It was delicious... I love a good burger and when they hada burger called the SinCity on their menu I literally was in HEAVEN!Crispy onions with bacon and an Egg... Bestill my heart!! I will definetly be back...
4	The food is still good but the service is not so great. The food came before the drinks. Pretty lame. We will probably go back because it's the food that matters.
4	A few people had reccommended smash burger for the longest time but I never tried it until my friend suggested we go for lunch the other day. When I walked in I was surprised how clean the place was, definitely an extra star for that. I had heard about the fried pickles and had to try them, you totally need to order them if you haven't, they are delicious! The burgers themselves are big and juicy and all of the ingredients taste and look fresh. The smash fries were pretty good though they were a little too oily. The servers were attentive and the booths comfortable. The only downside to me is the price, of course it's totally worth it but it probably wouldn't be my normal lunch spot because I would go broke fast.
3	Good burgers, even better grilled chicken burgers!  Portion could be larger, as I can easily finish two plus a salad and a malt shake.  Pricier than most other burger joints, but the taste is better too.  Tables are usually clean, but the seats are not always wiped down.  That's the quick 15 second elevator ride summary.And now the verbose version :pSo, Groupon offered a burger promo a few months back to a few burger joints around Vegas.  Smashburger was one of the options, and I selected the Lake Mead location because I have never been to this location before.It is located in a popular strip mall plaza (Dolphin Court Day Spa, Grape Street, Starbuck, DQ, Walgreen, and a Red Box) and gets plenty of traffic.  But on a chilly Thursday evening in November, I did not have to wait at all to place my order nor have trouble finding a booth to sit down and enjoy the Chocolate Malt Shake and Grilled Chicken Avocado Club plus a side order of Smashwedge salad.Their Grilled Chickens are always nice and juicy, and what you end up ordering will be up to your personal preference or your mood.  I went with the Avocado Club option, and it was delicious. The Side of Smashwedge Salad was pretty good, but you have to really love blue cheese and blue cheese dressing.Their milkshakes and malts are all very good.  Today I went with the Chocolate Malt, and it was as delicious as always.Only gripe about dining at Smashburger is that the burgers and chicken sandwiches are not at all a big hearty sandwich, and a growing teenager or someone with a healthy appetite can easily put away two of them.  Which means taking out a family of four here can easily put a small dent in a parent's wallet.Service was good, and my order was placed without any issues.  Location:  SW.  Near the 95 and Summerlin Parkway..Taste:  4/5  I like the food I have had at Smashburger overall, except I am not a fan of their "onion rings".  All their milkshakes and malts are excellent!Price:  3/5  A tad pricier compared to their peers.Quality:  5/5 Everything appears to be made from fresh ingredients.Parking:  3/5  In a busy plaza with plentiful parking spaces, although not all of them are right outside the front of the restaurant.
1	I've only been there twice and both times it was a long wait and following the wait my order was wrong. I'm not very happy with this place
5	fresh baked buns, smashed burgers in the grill, awesome toppingsgreat chili cheese friesbest chain restaurant burger in vegasbetter than in-n-out
2	Burgers weren't that bad, the hubby and I enjoyed them however the sides lol!!! Another story... We got the fried pickles, granted pickles are a little tart so to say but the batter... The batter wasn't even edible! The haystack onions.... Salty salty salty.. I really do not believe they serve them that way all the time or at least I hope not... I think someone actually accidentally dropped a container of salt in the batter and just said eff it.... Anyway haven't been back since Create is across the street and they are much better!!!!!!!!
4	We ate dinner there on 11/17/11.  Staff was very friendly and helpful.  We ordered:Sin City Burger (egg, onion strings, grilled onions, American cheese, smash sauce, egg bun), The Buffalo Chicken sandwich (grilled), an order of the fried pickles, haystack onions & the Chili-Cheese fries. Hubby liked the SCB although he prefers his meat a bit rarer (pointed out that SB cooks all burgers a particular way). The Buffalo Chicken was good-maybe a tad too much of the hot sauce but the blue cheese crumbles were perfect!LOVED the fried pickles- they were light on the outside-juicy warm pickle on the inside with a side of ranch  (ranch was fine-not awesome but it didn't taste like it came from a bottle!).  Loved the Haystack onions and sauce that came with as well.  The chili cheese fries were good.  Light on the chili but still tasty.We signed up for their deals and already got a buy one get one entree free!  We'll be back!
4	It's really tough to say SmashBurger has the "best burgers" in town, as I think The Palm (Caesar's) does, though that is really subjective...but it's easy to say it has great burgers, great sides, fine service and a pleasant atmosphere. I've been there at least a half dozen times. The Classic is my favorite, though I've tried others; and the Smash Fries are just grand.For a quick lunch or dinner, at very reasonable prices, in Summerlin, give it a try -- My guess is you'll like it. For the record, the "Good for kids?" survey question is one to which I'll always respond "No," as I'm so tired of having them run about and yell where I go -- Take 'em to Chucky Cheese.
5	OMG, what can I say.  You gotta try the Sin-City burger!!!!  So lucky to have this burger here cause you cannot find it anywhere else in their other out of town locations.  In fact each city has their own signature burger.  Thank you Sin city!!!!I am just waiting for them to find a location to open up in Henderson so the drive won't be so far to get this!!!  HINT HINT!!!!!
5	I give this all stars because the food was amazing, but it was the presentation that did it for me, it not only tasted good but the way they plated the food it wasn't just thrown on a plate.
4	I've been a fan since Smashburger moved to Vegas. I'm not usually a big fan of "fast food', but Smashburger is one of my favorites along with In-N-Out and Fatburger.  Well seasoned juicy burgers on soft egg bun. Love their Smash Fries. (I usually get the Classic or All American with cheese.) What else is there to say?
5	Best burgers around. Love the Baja and Vegas burgers.
4	Got the Spicy Burger and a fry, no drink.  Total was $9.60.  The burger was ok, but for that price it should have been fantastic.  The fries were underdone.  I like mine crispy.  Since Create closed I figured I should give this place a try.  I will not be back.Wow that was a little harsh. I have been back, many times. Even though it's a little pricey it is quality. Love the fried pickles. Seems less busy too. Hope it's doing well.
4	I've been to several Smashburgers and to this one more than once. It's been a 3-4 star experience most of the time, but I'll give 4 stars today because my burger this last time was totally awesome.I usually get a simple burger, less is more -- but I decided to live on the cardiac edge and try the Sin City Burger, the local signature burger with bacon, haystack onions, grilled onions, an egg, American cheese, smash sauce and Lipitor. SO. DAMN. GOOD.Usually, I find Smashburgers a bit on the overly salty side, but this was perfectly seasoned and all the artery-clogging deliciousness worth every bite. I could only eat half, but the rest reheated well the next day (though, wrap it up when you get home in clingwrap, the box lets the bun dry out).In visits past I've had their Veggie Frites, which are a pass, in my opinion. Always super greasy with limp vegetables.  No one likes flaccid veg.  I also am not a big fan of their turkey burger, for what it's worth. Bland, pre-formed patties -- or so it seemed.  My doctor would probably agree it's a once-in-a-while thing, but I could easily go for another Sin City Smashburger.
5	THE BEST!!!!!!!  I live in California and am seriously looking into expanding the franchise to the Bay Area!!!  My wife is vegetarian and we BOTH agree that Smash Burger...especially the one on W. lake Mead, is the BEST!!!!  The Black Bean, the American with Chipotle Sauce and Smashburger sauce ROCK!!!!
5	Love it!! Sin City burger is bomb!  I have yet to try their malts.  It looks so good every time we go.  I got the grilled chicken sandwich once..i think the spicy one...that was very good! I think I can say everything i've had from there so far is yummy!!
5	I love SmashBurger and this is my favorite location.The food is always cooked perfectly and everything is always fresh.The restaurant is always clean and the staff are always friendly and attentive. I love love love the Smash fries. My absolute favorite burger place.
1	Lemme just say I should've went with my "gut" instinct and decided to cancel my order as soon as the order taker said they couldn't cook my burger med-rare. But I already drove about 15 minutes from home and I had to try this sin city burger that I kept reading about in the local publications. So that's what I ordered and of course the burger was just blah. The meat was overcooked and a total waste of good angus beef. There was a sauce that looked like mustard-mayo, you know da kine like port-of-subs but this one had no flavor to it so it didn't do anything to help the lack luster meat it was sitting on top of. The side of fries was way overpriced for the same amount you would get in a kids meal at BK. Idk, I actually ate here a few years ago and I just finally decided to start yelping but my disappointment in this place is still fresh in my mind. Will I go back and try something else from their menu? I'm open to it if somebody drives me there and pays for my food. So that way if i'm still disappointed, at least I didn't waste my own gas or money.
5	Awesome I enjoy all the burgers & have hestd great things.of t chicken burgers too.. So yuummyy go try it a must if in Vegas
4	Just your normal Burger Joint in my opinion. One thing about this location that I like is the location.  Literally outside this restaurant is a ton of places to eat at in a one mile radius.  If you're in the mood for burgers around here, you have IN-N-Out, Five Guys, use to have Create, and this place.  The inside of this place is always clean and all you will see is red.  Fine with me, just as long as all I see isn't blue.  When you walk into this place, it is deceivingly busy.  Long lines during lunch time, but line goes through quick.  The sfaff also brings the food to you.  A plus for me is that this place has real silverware.  I'm a dipper when I eat burgers.  So I usually cut my burgers in 3 portions so that I can dip them.  Doing this with plastic silverware is sometimes a challenge. Now for the food.  I haven't tried any of their angus burgers at this point.  When it comes to burgers, I like them plain (meat, cheese, bun, and that's it).  So, I can only review their Chicken Sandwiches. -Crispy Chicken Sandwhich w/Swiss:  Had ranch added and it's pretty good.  Reminds me of the Charleston Chicken Sandwich that Denny's use to have.-Grilled Chicken Sandwhich w/Swiss:  Tasted a little bland-Smash Fries:  Addicting-Bottled Water:  $2 for a bottle of Crystal Geyser water. You can get a case of this water at Big Lots for less than $3.  -Milk Shakes:  I've been lectured more than once because I have never tried their shakes.  Everyone I've talk to swears by them.  So if you're reading this, try their shakes!!My rating may change after I try their angus burgers and shakes, but for now just a 4 because I left satified everytime.
4	I love going to smashburger best chicken love
5	This place has restored my faith in fast food! Ordered a specialty burger with my idiosyncrasies (no bun, cheddar rather than American) and the Smash fries with thier special Texas sauce. Wow! And, I do mean, WOW! Bar none, the best burger I have ever had.Plus, the guy who took our order had a sense of humor, got the orders correct, and even delivered them to us outside on the patio.Seriously, best burger EVER.
4	Consistently good.  Good variety of toppings and sides, beer available, as are salads and good shakes.   Fair prices.
5	good quality burger.....i prefer 5guys but prefer smash over in and out :) i will be back
5	I tried the classic burger and their regular fries...and that's all it took. I was WON over!  I need to bring my friends here as the burgers are well made, the fries are nicely seasoned, and they have $1 Coronas!  I am a fan, and every time I drive by I think back to that burger!  ;)
5	Burgers are fabulous here when I've visited!  Servers are nice too!
5	I love....The chili dog its sooo good. 5 stars because its clean and the staff are delightful and they cater to you :)
3	My burger was good.  However, it cost almost $10 for a burger and soda with no sides.  This is a fast food, order at a counter kind of restaurant.  For a little bit more I could go to a sit down restaurant and not only have a waitress serve me, but also get some fries to go with that.
5	Not a big burger fan here but hey, when in Rome right? Rob brought me here and told he he'd order for me so i wouldn't have and prejudges. We sat down and when our burger arrived. Service was very friendly and fast and she even went for our tap waters while this wasn't part of the service at all.The Sin City burger definatly hit the spot! The sauce was awesome! Burger perfectly cooked and a nice crispy bun. No more mcDonalds for me. I'd rather pay 6 bucks more for this feast!
3	The burger was good. I had a burger with mustard, onion, tomato and lettuce. It was cooked well. It wasn't out of this world or anything. My hubby had the sin city burger he said it was super good. We had 2 kids meals, a sin city burger, a reg burger, a chicken burger 2 fries and 3 drinks.. 40 dollars later it was just average all around. I wouldn't seek it out on my own but if I was hungry and it was close I would eat here.
3	Pretty decent burger place, i'd skip the veggie burger cause it just very bland. They do a regional burger for every location. I was in Vegas, so I had the SIN CITY. This burger has Fried egg, applewood smoked bacon, American cheese, grilled onions, haystack onions and our smash sauce on an egg bun. It was really tasty and the service was really great!
2	The burgers are still good, but the last two times I have gone the smash fries have been unedible.  Too greesy (like they grease was not hot enough and just soaked in) and just barely warm.  Other foods is good though.
4	Until I drove by and saw this location I had never even heard of SmashBurger before. (pauses for surprise) lol. Figured it was worth a try cause what person who eats beef doesn't always keep an eye out for a good burger?? Inside had a pretty clean cut look and it wasn't dirty or anything. Menu seemed fairly simple and straightforward and it was large and easily readable on the wall left of the cashier. Prices seemed reasonable, not cheap but ok. I saw they have shakes, I'm a fan of good shakes(Jack in the Box's real ice creams shakes are killa!) but I had to pass on that, maybe on the next visit. I asked what the difference between the two sizes is. 1/3 and 1/2lb patty. I decided on the Sin City burger Big Size & order of Smash fries(tossed in olive oil, rosemary & garlic). Sin City comes with bacon, their sauce and an egg. Eggs can be an awesome burger/sandwich topping so that clinched it as the first burger to try! Burger was a nice size and delicious. The fries, I really wasn't sure. Being my first time I tried a few fries first to taste them but I really couldn't tell if there was any rosemary and/or garlic. Far as I could tell it either wasn't really well seasoned/tossed or they gave me regular fries cause they sure seemed like regular fries...Service was good so I was sitting around 3.5 stars for this place since the only real disappointment was the fries. Still, would be enough to warrant another try in the future.
5	OMG-totally hooked!  Why hadn't I heard about this place?  So happy it's in my hood.  Had the avocado burger twice last week and a chix w/ goat cheese & cucumber today.  Had both the reg. smashfries and the sweet potato...can't decide which I like better.Went back after a burger experience last week to get the Haagen Daz shake I did not partake of earlier in the day.  Ridiculous.Place is very clean, service is pleasant and I will be a regular pending new stretch jeans ;-)  Anything this good has to be bad for you...right?Enjoy!cc
4	WoW. I'm almost at a loss for words.I ordered the "sin city" burger, with fried pickles,  and a coke. My lovely server,  Knoelle,  was wonderful. She told me it would be a few minutessince all is cooked to order.  I got that metal mesh tray thingy with my food on it in under 10 minutes.The "sin city " burger consists of what looks like a hand made burger, withonion, cheese, a fried egg,  and bacon. A bun of good quality too. I addedmustard,  'cuz I'm a mustard whore. Honestly - this is a pretty damn goodhamburger - everything is done right, just right. Flavorful, and juicy.The fried pickles were excellent. Damn,  I don't know how anyone couldpossibly order the common french fries,  with these fried pickles appearingon the menu. They were good.My bill came to something like $12. Not too bad at all. You can eat inside, oryou can choose to eat outside in a covered patio. They serve the usual fountain drinks,  or you can have a beer with whateverbad ass burger you choose.Did I mention my server, Knoelle,  kicked ass ?  Very cute,  too.  I will definitelybe coming back here,,,,  5 guys who ? In N out what ?
3	First time we got screwed at Smashburger:( Gave them the Yelp check in screen when we ordered and the cashier forgot to add it, then tried to get another employee to fix it, but neither of them could figure it out so we paid full price.Our burgers were disappointing too! They weren't as big and meaty as usual plus they were dry and the edges were a little crunchy (burnt). The fries were good like always thankfully but this visit really bummed me out. I usually rave about Smashburger. I will give them another chance, hopefully they don't let me down again.
4	Went back to SmashBurger today,  this time with my sweety.  She ordered the "spicy baha burger ", and the rosemary /garlic fries w /ice tea.  I ordered the "sin city burger" and chili cheese fries w /a pbr.When the order came to the table - WOW - lots of great looking food that tasted as good as it looked. Perfect burgers. The rosemary /garlic fries were excellent as was the chili cheese fries.My sweety says this SmashBurger is her new favorite burger joint.  She still likes In N Out,  but SmashBurger kicks their ass.  I concur. Tasty,  juicy burgers -- and you can have a ice cold beer with it,  if you want.I believe Smashburger,  with it's  menu,  it's  atmosphere,  it's  obvious quality - really set them a cut above the other  burger chains.The tally for the above orders came to $ 21   Really.  Very affordable.
2	Been to the one on Sahara and would give that location a 4.5. However, this location is lacking either management or overall service. I ordered and the cashier had to call someone else over to figure out how to place my order. They immediately make my shake, soI tell them it'll melt by the time the meal comes out plus i have to drive it home. She puts it back in the freezer. Then I hear someone yell "no call ins" Guess they were busier than they can handle. I see the manager waiting for orders at the counter and she tells a cashier "well i have 2 new guys in the back" Something i really didn't want to hear. She checks my order and realizes they didn't sub the sweet fries. She gives it back, calls my name and I ask "so i can be sure this is correct since you already sent it back" She assures me. I get home, i'm missing the sauce for my burger, the bun is not wheat and the shake is 1/2 melted." I used the bathroom while waiting and it was filthy. WHen i first arrived there were only 2 tables full and maybe 2 or 3 outside already eating. It wasn't so busy for me to understand the messed up order or dirty bathroom. Very disappointed.
4	Yummy designer burgers. Can't believe I waited so long to try this place out. The smash fries are fabu :9
4	Really good burger, but on the pricey side.
3	I had the crispy chicken avacado club. It was ok. I went with the smash fries, and was a bit let down. I just thought that the flavor of the rosemary was a bit much for the skinny little soggy fries & it was weak overall. So for the money spent, Id reccomend Red Robin if you're looking to have a sit down spendy burger experience.
1	Food is great but service sucks. I have issues every time I go! That is why I will not go to this location again! If you're near the Lake Mead/Buffalo location save some money and visit In n Out down the road instead!
5	My favorite place to grab a burger. The spicy baja burger is to die for and their Smashfries are amazing! And to top it off, the staff is always so friendly! I've never had a bad experience here!
5	Omg! Can't get enough of their spicy Baja big size burger! I always order it with extra fresh jalepenos (never extra charge) and a beer for an addtl $1.00! Can't beat the filling deal. The summerlin lake mead location is my fave they have the friendliest staff and always clean and air conditioned ;) also sweet potato fries are to die for. A treat once a month as its not the healthiest but everyone needs a cheat day!
1	I had a violent craving for french fries and didn't feel like going the Mc Donald's, Five Guys or In n Out route.  I ordered a Mushroom Swiss burger and garlic herb fries.  The burger was alright but I noticed I was given plain fries.  My fries went back to the kitchen and a few minutes later I got fries soaking in oil.  It did not taste like garlic nor herb.  It was mushy, oily and gross. Plain YUCK!I was absolutely disappointed and wished I went to Mickey D's or In n Out instead!  I will not be back.
2	Went here with my wife. Had the Mushroom Swiss w/bacon, chili cheese fries, and fried pickles. They call themselves Smash Burger because they smash the meat when they cook it to lock in the juices. Anyone who knows how to cook a burger knows when you smash it, it dries it out, which was the case here. Turned out to be dry. Not bad flavor though. The fries were shoestring variety and overall were not very good. The fried pickles were a big disappointment. May as well have just taken the lid off of the salt shaker and eaten a spoonful because all it tasted like was salt. Dining room was nice and the people were friendly.
5	if you don't love this place exterminate yourself!!! blows all other burger away!!! and i mean in smoke!! the sin city is the best burger i've ever had. oh and smash fries are orgasmic...
4	It's in the name. They like to smash burgers! The menu says they use 100% certified angus beef. The burgers are fresh, never frozen, and cooked to order. If you prefer chicken instead of burgers you can find that here too.Yesterday I picked up my favorite the "Avocado Club" (crispy chicken) for lunch priced at $6.99 and it was delicious. The all white meat crispy chicken has nice flavor. The sandwich had bacon that was freshly cooked, not microwaved or something questionable. Also the sandwich has lettuce, tomato, and ranch dressing on it. I love the fries! I'm not picky about how skinny or fat my fries are as long as they are good and these fries paired with the garlic they put on them makes for a nice side to your sandwich or burger. The "Fried Pickles" priced at $2.29 are not good at all here. I have tried them twice now and they are way too greasy. They offer a few different salads if burgers and chicken aren't your thing. Also on the menu is the "Spicy Black Bean Burger"  for you veggie burger eaters. For dessert (like you have room) they offer Haagen-Dazs shakes! They range in price from $3.99 - $4.29 and you can get classic vanilla, chocolate and strawberry or you can go for a oreo or nutter butter shake. The "Nutter Butter" is super tasty. There is a kids menu and they serve Coke products (yay coke) and beer. I must admit that I only ever come here with a coupon. I signed up for the e-mail club and for my birthday I get a free shake and throughout the year I get coupons for BOGO on entrees. I always present my coupons before I place my order and have never had an issue. There is a offer with your yelp check-in for 10% off any SB meal, but they wont let you combine it with a coupon you already plan to use so I haven't even redeemed mine yet. Nice lunch spot especially with a coupon.
4	I was very happy with my experience at Smash Burger. I ordered 4 burgers to go and each one had something added or omitted and all were made correctly.The staff was very friendly and helpful and gave me the 10% off Yelp discount even though I was having trouble with the app and could not pull up the actual coupon.The wait to get our food was fairly short but still the manager gave my daughter some Oreo cookie to eat and chatted with us about babies and such. I felt that the prices were very reasonable, my order of 2 Sin City burgers, one club burger, one plain burger, 2 Smash fries, 1 veggie fries, and 1 PB&J shake came to under $35 dollars. I would definitely go back to Smash Burger and recommend them to my friends. The staff were friendly and the food was great!
3	Awww, Smashburger, where do I start?  I really want to love you but I just don't.  You are ok, but just not so special in my book.I have been going on and off to Smashburger for a couple of years because my sister is in love with SB.  The burgers are ok and will get the job done, but that is about it.  They do have several speciality burgers, with the Sin City burger being the highlight of the menu.  They have recently added a new Truffle Mushroom burger to the menu.  I tried it the last time I was there and I was so disappointed by the burger.  It was smothered in truffle oil which completely overwhelmed the whole burger, as well as made it super oily.  Oh well, I guess I will just stick with the Sin City burger from here on out.I don't know if this is true for you or not, but the fries are super important to any burger experience in my book.  The fries here are so-so at best.  Fries are super skinny and almost always extremely greasy, in a bad way.   They just don't have much fry flavor for me, but rather just frying oil.  Yuck.The side item that saves Smashburger for me are the Haystack Onions.  These qualify for the status of statuses know as "Oh My Goodness FANTASTIC!"  I could eat 3 baskets full of them I think.  They are crunchy, flavorful, and finger lickin' good.  Yummy!Overall, Smashburger is ok when you want something nicer than the drive-thru place, but not my go to place by any means.
4	This is a review not for the food as I enjoy an occasional Smashburger indulgence. No, this is for this location and staff. I've been to this location three times now. Each time the wait has been long. Granted this is a fast/casual place so you expect to sit and enjoy your meal, but people were leaving the evening of 9/20 around 7:30pm because upon getting up to the counter the manager mentions there is a 30 minute wait. Begin edit:I scratched my head but decided to order anyway as I had a soon expiring coupon to use. I sat down and wrote my initial review which I've now edited (see below)Update: I bumped my review up three stars as once my food arrived I had both the supervisor and another worker come by and make sure everything with the food was satisfactory and that they were deeply sorry for the wait. BTW the wait ended up being about 24 minutes, not 30 as warned. The food was very tasty!
5	In North Las Vegas for a few days and stopped by Smash Burger today. The food was so delicious! I had chicken and my husband had a beef burger. Both great! The fries were amazing! They have fried pickles too! Yum! The general manager Ryan was awesome! Incredibly friendly! He chatted with us for awhile and even helped us find a great place to hike. I'd definitely come back again. Might even go once more before we leave for home.
1	9/20-our order taken at 6:16 on the receipt & at 6:53 I checked & order wasn't ready-He said there was at least 10 min left or more-After talking with my husband we had to leave to our movie that started at 7:05- so I told him we had to go- I was never offered a refund just given coupons, which didn't even cover what we paid-he was very rude and said "what do you want me to do give you more or something?" My husband Was so mad and he's not the arguing kind so He just told me let's go without getting a refund or any more coupons we left SB at 7 & went w/out dinner-there wasn't a clean table inside or outside.1 hr they expected us to wait!Our 1st time & we will never go back! 2 bad because we were excited ... Too bad I had to give them one star
4	I ordered the baja burger. It was good, but I think that this is somewhat overpriced.
2	I live close by this location but travel the extra distance to other Smashburgers as I don't feel the management is on top of things at the Lake Mead location. I don't eat meat but I do like the black bean burger. On two separate occasions, I was told they were out of the black bean burger when I ordered. The only non-meat burger on the menu and they did not have any? Actually, I was told the bean burger was not de-frosted. In any case, poor planning. One time was in the afternoon and the other visit was later in the evening. Overall the experience at this location is not on a par with the other Smashburgers..The Smash Fries are very tasty.
4	I tried out smashburger for the first time tonight and it was pretty tasty. I got the chicken avocado club with no bacon and my wife got the smashburger regular size. We also got a side of fries. The chicken was really tender and moist and the flavoring was really good. My wife said that the burger was really yummy too. The fries were really good also. Shoestring fries and cooked perfectly. I also thought that it had a nice setup and was a pleasant dining in experience. Would definitely go again in the future.
5	I LOVE SMASHBURGER SO YUMMY!!I am on a strict diet of the Sin City burger and the BBQ, bacon burger.. With a side of veggie frites and an extra ranch sauce..lolOmg cooked to order and yummy.I will say i think they should start removing the excess grease from the veggie frites.I also love their sweet potatoes fries.The other fries they offer are yuck.. :/In the end...I love this location, it clean and never busy when I'm grabbing lunch. RYAN the manager is a doll and is always willing to have a friendly chat while I wait for my food.
4	Love their burgers! The egg bun is delish and hamburger meat is fresh and tasty.  I loved the smash fries before they changed it to the skinny shoe string fries, hence the 1 star deduction.  Make sure to get a milk shake to wash down your meal.  My fav is the caramel vanilla shake, yum!
2	Bad service....everyone had their food and I waited 20 minutes and had to ask...I also said no cheese and they added cheese... The manager was hesitant and kind o rude at first, but did refund my money
2	the fries were good.  the chocolate shake tasted more vanilla. it had just enough chocolate to change the color to a very light brown. the burger was over seasoned and old tasting.  the baja salad was was nothing special.  the chicken in the salad was also over seasoned and did not taste freshly grilled .  everything felt like it was thrown together. maybe chef was mad to be cooking on christmas eve. definitely not worth 20.50$.
5	Food was good as I expected... The 5 stars though is for the service by both the girl taking my order and the gentleman who appeared to be the manager on duty.  The PB&J shake is borderline addictive. Even the bathroom was clean. I will be back soon. Might even drive clear across town to this location.
1	a few sundays ago we always go to pink doughnuts because they are phenomenal and smashburger just happens to be in the area. Ive had it before and on a food only review this gets a 2.5 stars even though we walked out. So there is a soccer park next to this location and it was busy. The hostess/cashier at the front took our order didnt really say a word about the wait. 30 mins later as i see togo customers packing their own orders in the bags I knew it was busy. Meanwhile my wife is getting stressed because we have somewhere to be. there were about 6 parties that sat down after us and all of the orders came up. 38 minutes in; the food finally pops up. I can read the order window and all the togo food is done after priority of the people sitting in. Not a problem if i was told it would be 45 mins. Meanwhile i confront the hostess if i can get my food because she is knee deep in the weeds. she says no ill do it when im ready. i reply its been 40 mins. she says well im not working in the back its not my fault. being a business owner i understand customer service and i know for a fact the customer is always right even if i tell you its blue and the damn color is red. So i reply are you arguing with me. Which she then says no im just saying its not my fault.  So needless to say we walked out and said we wont be back.
1	This place was horrible! Customer service and the food. I specifically asked for fresh fries and I got my food and my fries were cold. So I told the shift manager and she said she would replace them for me but it took 15 min. FYI the bathroom was very dirty.
5	Since the dawn of time philosophers, religious scholars, and drunken frat boys have debated the same question: What is the top fast food burger place- 5 guys or Smash Burger? If you said In N Out please stop reading this review and flog yourself. I have to say that while it's close I give a slight edge to Smash. Sure the burgers are smaller, sure you don't get an extra 5 lbs of fries shoveled into your bag, sure you can't eat salted in the shell peanuts and throw the shells at the staff (your supposed to do that right?) - but damnit they have milkshakes and sweet potato fries and that is what it takes to win.Let's start with the burger- the only option for any self respecting Vegasite is the Sin City. There is no other burger like it in the counter- certainly not any of the exact same burger with a different city- specific name in every other town with a SmashBurger- this thing is unique to Vegas. Bacon, fried egg, onion strings- the most delicious threesome since that time I met your mom and sister. Its a tad hard to eat without it falling apart- but the poor structural integrity just means you have to shovel it into your pie hole faster before it collapses mysteriously like tower 7. The Shakes- I enjoy Haagen Daz ice cream regularly while wearing a smoking jacket in my study, sitting in my rich leather recliner having my feet massaged by a faceless servant- and with Smashburger I can replicate that somewhat out in the world amongst the unwashed masses. The ice cream is really rich which improves the flavor of shakes like Oreo but doesn't match well with shakes like Butterfinger so plan accordingly. The fries- Sweet potato Smash fries are the move- and make sure they come loaded with lots ofherbs and dripping with oil- otherwise reject them like a deformed Spartan Baby. Are you supposed to bus your baskets at this place or leave them on the table? No one knows...
4	When it first surfaced here in Las Vegas, burger places were mostly relegated to cheap fast food.  In that era, Smashburger stood out for its quality, taste, and a bit of variety for burgers and burger-a-likes.Flash forward to 2014.  There are great burgers on every corner (well, almost). That being said, the Sin City is still a great burger, no need to go with the heavier burger, it is quite satisfying with cheese, bacon, onion haystacks, & a fried egg.As much as everyone seems to like the Smash Fries (crispy shoestring fries tossed in olive oil with garlic, rosemary, and salt), I prefer the Sweet Potato Fries.  Classic thin fry cut, lightly battered/breaded, for crispness, & mildly sweet.I am glad that there are great burgers out there, but this is one of the places that helped raise the bar in the first place.Enjoy, but there are PLENTY of great burger & fry joints out there.
5	Awesome. Food was fresh and tasty. Servers were friendly.  The atmosphere was nice.  I'm a burger enthusiast and i was very happy with my sin city burger. I tried the sin city burger, sweet potato fries, salad, and bbq bacon burger.  The fact that the burger itself was fresh and just the right amount, made all the difference.  Add on the other things, it was delish.  Only wish there were more burgers to try they had about 7 maybe. And they have a smash sauce which i couldn't really taste but maybe because i was just devouring it too fast lolAffordable!
4	One of those places that just makes a few things and they made them well. Great burgers, great salads and great sides.
4	Good service, clean eating environment, delicious burgers. Garlic flavored fries are yummy.
3	This place is double than what you would pay and get at In N Out. It's not worth the price and you have to order everything separate so no meals. It was okay .. If I were cheaper I would go back every once in awhile but eh. Their fried pickles are extremely salty and the smash burger fries I could barely taste any garlic. My burger was fresh and the avocado was really good.
1	My chicken sandwich didn't taste very good and the amount of chicken was really skimpy compared to the $7.00 I spent for it. My son liked his burger. The cashier girl who handled our money was also handling and filling the to-go cups for the sauces and if you know anything about touching money and germs, bacteria, and sanitation, the fact that she did NOT wear gloves completely grossed us out!!!!!
4	Nice Burger, fries are kinda weird, I used a fork to eat them...Used coupon for S I said, always good to try a place out...Free burger with drink and fries purchase, so my order was under 5 bucks after taxes.Good, I'd probably come once a month or 2 to indulge, without the crap they serve at Crap in the Box, McChina's, (with processed Chinese meat for MeDog province), Burger Krap, Wendy's Site....
4	The food here is good.  They offer gluten free food here as well.  My favorite is the chicken avocado Club, and I get some sweet potato fries on the side.   They have great organic iced teas here as well.
3	First time here. Last time here. The burger was pretty good. Tasted alot like a burger you would grill in your backyard. Toppings were fresh, fries were ok but hella greasy. Three stars based on portion size and value. The regular burger was tiny, the serving of fries was also tiny. A combo came in at just under 10 bucks. This place could do some financial damage to a family of 4. Not worth it. In-N-Out is better and a way better value at half the ptice. Keep your tiny Angus burger. When I leave, I  shouldnt still be hungry.
4	My sister was the one who initially told me about Smashburger. We decided to try it, and I have to say it was quite delicious. This location was clean and the staff is very friendly. Large menu on the wall, on the wall by the door and by the cash wrap.I ordered myself the Sin City burger, the local burger, and was quite excited to have a fried egg on a burger. Not sure why I was so excited when the Counter in CA also provides this custom item on their burgers. Very well cooked, and all the ingredients went well together. Onion strings, bacon, and a fried egg, really good. Also, I got one order of the smash fries and they were great. It wasn't super oily and it was well seasoned. Sadly I did not get one of their milkshakes, I will on my next visit.I will return.
3	Don't get their Smash Special if you love their french fries.I love Smashburger and eat here occasionally. Its really a five star over all, but today I walked in to see their new "Smash special". Burger & fries for $5.99 (instead of $6.99). Why not right? Well, for that dollar saved you get a tiny side of fries. Not the regular portion. WTF? At least let me know when I order. I'd rather party a couple of bucks extra and get the fries  portion for adults, not the baby portion.I know its a small thing but it annoyed the shit out of me when I ran out of fries after the third bite of the Burger.
5	I order to go from this location a couple of times a month. The staff is great and i am always greeted with a BIG hello and smile. I get the Classic and my son gets the the Sin City burger. Our food has always been on point (tasted great). Hats off to kitchen staff. Also Julie (manager) and Mindy (cashier) have the best attitudes that seems to flow to the rest of the staff. Thank you!Jorge
1	Will not be going back! Went other night to get food for family..."knoelle" the host seemed very annoyed that I came in to order and wasn't sure what I wanted. So I order 3 meals and a shake.  Right after taking my order she then turns around and immediately starts playing with her iPhone, checking messages and what not. She then goes to back to play with her other co workers. As I watch my food being played and ready to go, my host "knoelle" finally decides she'll make the shake I ordered. I told her no thank you and got my money back.
5	The Swiss burger is heaven......the fries crispy and not greasy. The chocolate shake, spot on!
1	This is my second time trying Smashburger. Only a different location this time. I ordered their new Crispy Buffalo and Blue cheese chicken burger. What a huge disappointment. The chicken patty, while juicy, was over cooked. The check chicken was a golden rust instead of golden brown. One would think ordering a buffalo chicken sandwich that they would dredge the check chicken in sauce. That was not the case. The breaded piece of meat (which had very little flavor other then oil flavor) was lightly drizzled with buffalo sauce. The blue cheese was plentiful but with the lack of sauce the cheese over powered the whole thing. No spice whatsoever.  The one good thing about this chicken burger though was the tomatoes slices and lettuce were fresh. I give them one star for that. I also ordered the new buffalo fries.  First off shoe string fries? Really? They have no substance to them. Horrible move on the chains part. The "buffalo" seasoning didn't taste anything like buffalo. It had an off taste very much like their normal fries (which my husband had) .I will give this chain one more chance in the far future but I will make sure to try the cheeseburgers and not the chicken.
4	If you're looking for a good greasy burger, this is your place! Try the "Sin City" burger- the fried egg makes it extra special. I like the smash chicken, it's white meat so a nice lighter choice.
4	Quality Burger! The Classic Smash is the best as far as I am concerned!Not a fan of huge chunks of avocado or lots of mushrooms on my burger..... but thats just me......I also messed up one time and got a salad...... I am still not sure why... wasn't thinking straight that day.... went to Smashburger and ordered a salad?Stick with the burgers!
4	When the daily conversation inevitably turned to "what's for lunch?", the suggestions didn't come as easily as they normally do. In fact, it took so long to decide, we just rolled out of work and kind of went "on the fly", much later than usual and right in the middle of the traditional lunch hour. I thought we were headed for a chinese buffet, but I wasn't driving (or paying attention) and somehow we wound up in the area of Lake Mead and Tenaya, surrounded by a plethora of choices for the midday meal.Not being one to ever pass on an opportunity for a good burger, I said "what about Smashburger?" We rolled in to a crowded parking lot and thought we might have to find another place to dine, as we are not the patient kind, did not want to wait in line and were beyond hungry. As luck have it, the crowded parking lot is kind of deceptive.  We walked and were pleasantly surprised there was no wait. The lunch crowd here seemed to get a little bigger closer to the end of the noon hour.Whoever came up with the idea to put a fried egg on a burger should be Knighted, or at least be made king for a day. The Sin City Burger was fantastic. The meat was fresh and flavorful. The egg and all that accompanied it made the burger that much better. I opted for the Buffalo Fries, and they didn't disappoint. Seasoned with Buffalo seasoning, they were hot (to the touch), a little spicy and full of flavor. The service was fast and friendly and they even came to clean off the table.If you are looking for a great meal in the middle of the day, served fast and fresh, give Smashburger a try. I've eaten at many of the other options in the area and Smashburger definitely holds their own when it comes to quality, service and price.
