5	I've been going to Rob off and on for about 2 years one thing that he has always been about is quality. If you want a great experience, top of the line jewlery and a classy shop to visit, this is the place.
5	My experience here was incredible. Rob is so professional and super nice! We learned a lot about anodizing and quality jewelry.  My fiance got an awesome high quality blue septum retainer, while I opted for an equally awesome hot pink nose ring. We will absolutely be back for more.
5	Rob has by far been my favorite piercer, I actually worked with him previously, and got to see the work he produced weekly. He takes his time and makes sure you're comfortable, and then explains everything he is doing. Another great thing is that he is a perfectionist so all of his piercings come out amazingly symmetrical. Even though I live in california now I do not trust anyone else with my piercing needs! Currently waiting to get back to Arizona so I can get something new!
5	What an amazing new shop in Mesa. I absolutely love the fact that Third Rye doesn't carry anything but high quality jewelry. I had gotten my 12g philtrum pierced here, as well as my boyfriends 4g philtrum. Nothing but professionalism and great service. Rob, the head piercer, is the friendliest and comfortable person to go to for your piercing needs! I'm so glad this shop is only a 5 minute drive!For anyone who is curious, they sell jewelry from anatometal, neometal, gorilla glass and more.
1	One of the worst shops I've ever been in.  The owner, Robert, is horrible and doesn't know what he's doing at all. This shop doesn't even deserve one star but it's the lowest it'll let me go. I took my 13 year old daughter in there and Robert did nothing but try to flirt with her and stare at her like a piece of meat! This place is so unprofessional and the piercing Robert did came out completely crooked and wasn't even deep enough in the tissue to stay in. If you care about quality you should stay away from this shop. No joke.
5	Rob has done many piercing for me and I loved every single one of them!! My favorite would be my septum! I have recommended him to friends and family including my sister who also got her belly button done by him.
5	I've been pierced at HTC, club tattoo and hot rod tattoo...all piercings were infected from day 1 and all except my earlobes had to be taken out. at Third Eye, in 1 sitting I had 4 piercings done to create a pattern in my cartilage and I haven't had one problem. No swelling. No itching. No redness. Robert is a true professional. Top quality jewelry was better for my sensitive skin and a surgical level of sterilization from start to finish made for flawless healing. The cost is worth it and in the end, it's cheaper because I only have to get it done once. You get what you pay for!
5	When asked if I recommend a place for tattoos or piercings I always get excited to tell people about my experience with Third Eye Body Art!I have followed the careers of Rob - the piercer and Billy - the tattoo artist for several years and have travelled with them from shop to shop.  So I was estatic when Rob announced his plans to open up his own shop FINALLY!I have had literally over a dozen piercing done by Rob from the most simple to the most private, and he handled each with the uptmost professionalism. He carries the highest quality jewelry and upholds the absolute highest standards for sterilization and procedure. Now they have 2 artists since they added Greg (and his portfolio is AMAZING!) and their jewlery selection continues to grow and grow! I can't wait to place some orders for custom jewelry and finish some of my tattoos!Seriously, why are you still sitting there?!  Go to Third Eye Body Art right now!!!  You're Welcome!
5	First time to this shop, my husband and I love to work with Greg and we followed him here to this shop. It's quiet and clean, and I love the privacy you have with your artist. Words can not express the talent Greg has from initial conception, drawings and edits, placement and brilliant color. Greg's expertise helps me make the best decisions for my body and he works with any existing ink. He makes you comfortable and his work continues to stand the test of time. He does cover ups too!!Since my visit my husband has been back to the shop, and I'm already thinking about my next session. I am impressed with the shop in Mesa, and I am excited to watch this shop grow!
5	Rob is without a doubt a true professional with state of the art equipment and technique. I would go to him again in a heartbeat
5	Greg is AMAZING!!  My wife and I had a horrible experience at EZ Tattoo, and needed our entire half-sleeves redone, and Greg made us LOVE our tattoos.  He is patient, incredibly insightful, inventive, creative, smart, talented,  funny, and does superb tattoo work!  I could not be happier about the work he has done for my wife and I. When you find the right person for tattoo work, you never want to let them go, and Greg is stuck with me.  If you have something that you need covered, something new, or want some ideas, talk to Greg.  He will make sure that you are both on the same page before starting and make sure that you know what your tattoo is going to look like when it's done.  Go see Greg at Third Eye Body Art in Mesa!
5	I'm thrilled to have the opportunity to write a review for Third Eye Body Art! My experience was phenomenal and I can't wait to return. I've had many piercings done at several shops throughout Arizona, this was by far one of the best experiences. Rob (Shop Owner/Piercer) was very inviting from the moment I walked in the door. He is very knowledgable and informative, he definitely knows what he's doing. The shop: It's fairly new, but I already like the direction they are going with their decor. They have custom art from local artists that you have to check out! Very clean, you can tell they pride themselves in keeping the shop sterile. They also have mints for their guests. Winning!The jewelry: Absolutely beautiful! You can tell it's high quality, which I love! Yes, the jewelry is more expensive than most shops, but you get what you pay for. I've learned this the hard way at other shops and don't care to make that mistake again. I'm happy to know that this shop uses only the best.The piercing process: The moment I sat down I was at ease. Rob was kind enough to talk me through his piercing process as well as make me laugh. I felt safe knowing I was getting pierced by a professional. All together everything went very smooth. I didn't cry, so that's a plus. :)If I could give this review 10 stars I would. Unfortunately, Yelp has star limitations. Thank you Rob for making my birthday wonderful and special! I will be returning soon for a new fancy clicker for my septum.
5	Had a great experience here yesterday! Rob pierced my Philtrum for me & was really knowledgeable and informative of everything that he was doing. Chill atmosphere, top of the line sterilization: he is the only shop in Arizona that uses sterilized gloves too! I recommend you check this place out. I know I'm going back for more...
5	Rob is awesome, the jewelry is awesome, the whole shop is awesome.
