4	Open till 10 every night. The white chocolate mousse is great! TCBY still holds it's own - even against Yogurtland. TCBY you SOB.
5	TCBY stands for The Country's Best Yogurt and it's true. TCBY was making fro-yo before fro-yo was a coined term. I grew up on this stuff. When out shopping, we'd stop by for a quick pick-me-up. Or after school functions, my mom would drive us to TCBY for some parfaits. My favorite flavor was white chocolate macadamia nut. Unfortunately, TCBYs started closing down and became hard to find. I am so glad one still exists in Scottsdale! This is a true treasure! They have rotating flavors, but White Chocolate Mousse is a staple. (Similar to the Macadamia Nut version.) Let me tell you... it's heaven in a bowl, cone, or parfait. I think it is way better than the other fro-yo places in town and definitely less expensive. (You won't 'accidently' serve yourself a pound of fro-yo and gasp at the price tag.) I would definitely recommend coming out here for a sweet treat. See you there!
5	Over 20 years in business and this place still rocks!!! Staff is very friendly, and always happy to serve you. You can get HAND SCOOPED yogurt, or soft serve with the biggest choice of flavors in the valley!!You need to try the Almond Silk yougurt which is specifically made for people that are lactose intolerant. The ONLY yogurt shop to serve this.TCBY is family owned and operated, and it shows. Come see Ursula, the owner and experienbce it for yourself
5	OK, I live around the corner from this TCBY which by the way has been there so lon g that I cannot remember when it was not there. Like everything else, I frequented this place years ago and for some unknown reason, stopped going. I stopped there last night to pickup some Chocolate yogurt. I got the chocolate which is delicious but the flavor of the day was Red Grapefruit sorbet. I bought a pint and it was gone today, my husband and I finished it off. It is almost 95 here and this sorbet is so good, cold, refreshing with a sweet flavor and a touch of tart. Well, I went back today and bought 4 more pints that are in the freezer, but for how long?Open till 10 PM, kids that work there are friendly and a pint is $4 today. Ok TCBY, I am back!!
5	TCBY at THIS location is truly THE BEST.  I have visited other TCBY franchises around the Valley and absolutely none compare with this location.  I have going here for years and have NEVER had a bad experience here!  This place is so well run by management they should be a training location for all those really bad franchises you have been to which you vow to never return (you know what I'm talking about).  The staff members are generally young in age but they are well trained and know how to take care of their customers.Always a friendly greeting, efficient service, clean, plenty of flavor choices (all available too), several staff members ready to serve, shall I go on?  I recently tried a soy-based Silk flavor (chocolate no less) and it was surprisingly good.  No gaggy sweet chocolate here, light and tasty.  Made me feel just a little bit less guilty about the quantity I consumed.  (Trust me, a "small" here is NOT small.)TCBY - Hayden Road - you do it right. It's a real pleasure to be among your loyal customers.  Keep up the good work!
4	TCBY stands for 'The Country's Best Yogurt'.  Is it really?  I do not know, because I have only had frozen yogurt at 4 or 5 different places in my life.  But, is it good?  Yep.This is an appropriately small shop, tucked away in a location surrounded by other delicious food options (Chipotle and Jimmy Johns, anyone?  Also Indian, breakfast, hippy, etc), so it's a great place to stop by after dinner if you're looking for an inexpensive, cool, desert.  There are a few little tables, or you can just take your food outside and hang out in the shade if it's not the heat of summer.The guy working there was friendly, offered samples, and had suggestions.
5	Very friendly staff & good yogurt!
5	love this place. nice staff. good yogurt but obviously yogurtology has them beat with their self serve concept
