5	Yes, I'm biased.  Let's just get that out of the way right away.  I've been going to Electric Chair since before my first son was born (he's 20, BTW).  They actually moved away for a while, but now they're baaacckkk!They're in the shop they were in before they moved to Eastern.  Which means they are on Green Valley and Horizon Ridge behind the gas station.  Great people, they're a Paul Mitchell shop, and they're a small, local business.  And Darren is very precise with my chin-length 'do.  Love ya!
5	Loved having my hair done by Molly here.  I followed Molly to this salon in July and had my hair done here 3 times before I had to move from the area (boo!).It is a small salon, but very personal, and the staff was always friendly.  I highly recommend Molly Lynch for color--especially if you want something a little different.  She dyed me a perfect, ultra light red that garnered compliments from the Vegas valley to Portland and Seattle, and finally, Alaska!  :)She knows her stuff! I will miss her and our chats! :(
5	Had a facial with Yvonne and she was amazing! Must get the full facial with extractions because she definitely works on your face! She uses natural products as well so that's a plus! I also had a haircut by Elaine and I will definitely come back just because of her! The cut and the color was just perfect !
5	Just happened to stop into this place and wow what a great find. Unlike other salons I didn't feel pressured into products or feel like I didn't fit in. It was comfortable and clean. Everyone was really nice. I was a walk in and I got in right away. I ended up with Ashley. I knew I needed a haircut but had no idea how to explain what I wanted. Ashley was just what every one wants, it was like she read my mind. My hair came out perfect! I'll be going back there next time I need a hair cut. If you are sick of super fancy posh feeling salons but know you're not willing to roll the dice at Great Clips this is the perfect in between. I'm so glad I found this place.
5	I'm so glad I was able to be squeezed in last minute here. With kids, it's hard to find the time to take care of myself. Making a hair appointment weeks in advance and not having to cancel it the morning of because of some daycare issue is a great feat for me.  I was in desperate need of a cut and looked around on yelp to find anyone available. I've been in Las Vegas for 10 years but have had a really hard time finding the perfect stylist to go back to. I called and was able to get an appointment within an hour. It's a cute little salon. Not too many stations. Not overwhelmed with retail items. Clean and nicely decorated. I got there and was met by Judy, the owner. She was wonderful. Personable and pleasant. She gave me the initial consult then off to the shampoo bowl where I got the most relaxing shampoo/scalp massage. I could've sat there forever. I just needed a couple inches trimmed to get my hair healthy to grow out and left it in her hands. She gave me a perfect cut and styled it beautifully. I loved it so much that it I had to go home and make plans instead of staying in so I didn't waste it. Lol. I will definitely be going back. I got lots of compliments and passed out a couple of her business cards to friends. Thank you so much Judy!!
5	Went here because of the reviews on yelp and i am not disappointed! Judy (the owner) and Elaine were very nice and welcoming. I came in and surprised them a bit because I wanted to do something different with my hair than originally planned. Despite me having a crazy request of dying my hair violet (they didn't even have this color) they made it happen!! They sent one of their employee out to go get it. What better customer service can you ask for?? I even brought my 4 year old son and they made sure to preoccupy him with an iPad. They were really helpful. This really is a hidden Gem and I'm so glad I came across it. I will be telling everyone I know about this place no question about it. Thank you so much Judy and Elaine I absolutely love my hair!!!
5	Electric chair salon has always had great stylists in Henderson and Las Vegas! The energy is fantastic and everyone is up to date on all the current hair trends. I always feel so welcome at this salon. And the owners Judy and Daron do a great overall job. I can go in for my hair and also get a pedicure! Definitely recommend to anyone in the area for hair services!
