4	Shopping is my all time favorite activity! I went to Macy's shoe department to help me prepare for an upcoming vacation the other weekend. I left with 5 pairs of shoes and a new credit card account! They have a great selection of shoes, which is organized well and spacious.The employees were good at helping me get my size and stayed busy. However, I didn't like seeing the employees settling who was helping whom...maybe for commission or something. It made me uncomfortable and wasn't very customer service friendly.I enjoy going to Macy's and have for years at various malls. Great lighting, wide spaces, and doesn't feel cluttered.
4	Macy's is always a great place to shop.  I enjoy looking around for bargains, typically off season merchandise that has been marked down drastically.  On my most recent visit, I was looking for new bedding.  I am happy to say that we found a nice set, but I am sad and embarrassed to say, after just now checking the labels, that it was made in China.  I hope Macy's, along with other department stores, could put up signs directing consumers to merchandise made in the U.S.A.  This will remind all of us to purchase our own products!
4	The other day my wallet split in half, and I heard that Macy's had a bunch of men's wallets on sale, so a-shopping I went.  I was very pleased with what I encountered.  I've been in Macy's before, of course, but this was a particularly enjoyable experience.  The sales staff was very helpful, pointing me to exactly the item I wanted, as well as scanning their 30% off New Year's sale coupon for me, even though I didn't have it on my person.A note to my fellow tall persons: their selection of men's tall sizes is actually pretty decent.  I ended up buying a shirt and some pants while I was there. If you have a long inseam but a relatively normal waist, check the regular sizes if all the pants in the big-and-tall section are too wide.  I found several pairs of 36-inseam slacks there.
5	Maynila is the best employee at Macy's if you see her say what's up!
2	Came in today armed with a snazzy $10 off any $30 purchase card and a birthday gift card... Left empty handed and empty inside...Found some clearance jewelry that was super cute... A really nice necklace and bracelet... They were in two separate places in the 75% off area... At least three prongs on a structure clearly marked 75% off with 10 or 15 of the necklace I liked... On the table (also marked 75% off) was 4 or 5 of the matching bracelet... I talked to an employee, showed her where they were and she said they must have been marked incorrectly because they were obviously in the 75% off area in two separate places... She told me the price should be adjusted and quoted the adjusted prices... I thanked her and told her I had to find something else and I'd be back to check out... I walked around in circles trying to find something else that I liked to get me to at least $30... After over an hour, I finally found a dress and went back to jewelry to ring up with the lady I left the previous finds with... She was otherwise occupied with a woman whose name on her card didn't match her license or something, so I had to be rung up by someone else... The other employee rung (rang? lol) up the jewelry at only 25% off... I told her the jewelry was ringing incorrectly and the lady next to her had already checked and it should be 75% off... She told me nope, it's only 25% and it must be in the wrong place or something... Instead of arguing, I told her to keep it and left with nothing... Looks like I'm going to Carolina Place tomorrow to spend this gift card...Awesome afternoon... How about working on signage today, Macy's? Ugh.
4	It may be pricy but they actually have great sales, go at the right time and you can get some awesome stuff for Walmart prices! It is also hard some times finding someone to check you out, but hey it's retail. They are always nice here and if your a "secret super member!) you get first dibs on sales not advertised. Oh Macy's how I love thee :)
1	We have been here in the dressing room for 15 minutes and there hasn't been one sales associate that has come by. As a matter fact, we have hardly seen any roaming the floor we have had to search for them in far off departments. Also, the restrooms here are so disgusting....urine was everywhere and no one has cleaned it up and we've been by twice in the past hour! The store is dirty and not kept up well. What a disappointment as Macy's are usually well known for being clean, having nice clothes, and having great sales people.
