4	Dr. Mark Fleming has over three decades of experience in providing excellent dental care. Dr. Fleming is a cosmetic/ family dentist Scottsdale residents can trust with every aspect of their dental health. Along with the relaxing environment & his highly efficient team, his caring & gentle touch has become a trademark. Our patients can expect informative & personal consultations where all their dental concerns are addressed. From the new-patient experience to the actual procedure, patients are assured of comfortable & quality care.
5	Dr. Mark Fleming is now the dentist at Belmont Dental Care so please do not confuse him with the previous dentist and those reviews.  I was referred to Dr. Fleming by my dentist in the Seattle area who was in the process of doing major dental work.  Having had many negative experiences with dentists in the past I was concerned about trying again.  Dr. Fleming was fabulous!  Not only did he see me on a moments notice, he was gentle, extremely professional, knowledgeable and took unlimited time to handle my issues.  As a result of my experiences with him I highly recommend him as the best in the Scottsdale area.  His staff is great and his office very upscale.  Add to all of this he has a sense of humor and many years of experience not only as a dentist but additionally as a teaching dentist in the area.  You can't go wrong!  He is excellent!
3	I can't complain about the dentistry, but it was a bit creepy how saccharine the staff is.  I felt like I was spoken to as though I were a child regarding my dental hygiene.  The experience would be much better if they  would just stuck to the facts, do their dentistry, skip the flattery, and act like normal, friendly people.I am not overly fond of some of their hard sell techniques of calculating the amount I'd dental benefits that you have remaining and then try to sell you additional services that can be purchased with those benefits.  That is borderline abuse of my benefit information that they have access too.
5	I scheduled an appointment to have my teeth cleaned. The office was beautiful, and the team were great. My hygienist was pain free, and quick. Dr. Mark Fleming made me feel comfortable and took the time to answer all of my questions. I am happy to say I have found a new "home" for my dental care needs. I highly recommend this AMAZING office.
5	Great staff, office and service.I'm amazed how pain-free and convenient they make a dental visit.  The office is equipped with the latest technology and the staff is friendly and efficient.Straight-forward dental exam and consult with no 'up-sell' pressure.I've been to many dentists/dental offices over the years and this is by far one of the best.
