2	this place was good. i had a somewhat bland salad,  but my father had a smoked sausage dish which was so good he still cant stop talking about it!the atmosphere wasn't great, half of the restaurant was being reserved so we had to get squished on tiny table in a corner.and then we were next two 2 american couples who got pretty drunk, it was funny, but very annoying.
4	Nice place just next to Royal Mile. Serves traditional bar lunches and has decent selection of beers on tap. Not too expensive given it's touristy location and bar meals were good value as well.
4	The Castle Arms, located across from the Castle and just down from the Hub was our choice of venue one evening. When you entered the place seemed quite traditional in its set up, one part of the pub is dedicated to your normal restaurant tables, while the other half is made up of several cosy booths. The food one offer did look tempting and it did not disappoint! The Beer battered Crispy Haggis was fantastic, and with the chili sauce it really was a great way to start a meal! For my main course I had the Aberdeen Angus burger! With an abundance of French fries alongside, this meaty burger certainly filled a hole in the belly! However, after two courses, I doubt if many people would need, and indeed have room for desert! My meal was great, and from looking around at others, all the meals seemed to have generous portions! The food is more expensive than your typical pub food (especially the steaks, but from what I saw they looked good), but the food on offer is of a good quality. The Castle Arms, is a great, informal place if you want a good meal and does have the advantage of being in the old town but tucked away from the hustle and bustle of the Royal Mile!
1	Sadly, this place was a major disappointment.We called in for lunch and found the waiting staff totally uninterested.The food took forever to arrive, but I could excuse this as they were busy at the time.Lunch was poor with a limp unimaginative salad and one element was missing (was stated in the menu but failed to arrive on the plate).We got the impression that they were catering for the "one hit" tourist market with no effort at all to secure a return visit. Shame, because they are in a great position.We won't be back.
4	Great food. Nachos are plain but the haggis is great.
1	Overpriced and awful. If you are over near the castle, there are PLENTY of other options to get a good meal for the same or less. Bangers and mash was dreadful and their hamburger was a disgrace. Check out the Whiski Bar and Restaurant just down the street instead (maybe 1/2 km). You'll be glad you did.
4	I visited The Castle Arms twice during my visit to Edinburgh.  My first visit for a pint or two, and the second for a pint or two washed down with some food.  The staff was friendly, and the food was good.  I had the sausage and mash, and found it to be tasty.  I also enjoyed the local beer selection.  I like beer that takes a patient pour.My second visit was on a Monday afternoon, and there were only 3 or 4 others in the place.  I enjoyed the conversation with the bartender and a local patron.
2	Used to be a very good pub indeed but has gone down hill over the last couple of years since a change of ownership. The downstairs area has now it seems been made merely functional rather than cosy as previously so I'll not be making another visit for some time.
4	I'm pretty easy to please and like things simple in my pubs.  Good selection of local ales?  Check.  Prompt, pleasing service?  Check.  Good fish & chips (and the other stuff looked good, too?).  Check.  In fact, it was my favorite fish & chips of my trip to the UK.Your typical pub, a little updated with pretty good food and a nice staff.  And that's about all you need, right?
3	This is the only place I went to twice while in Edinburgh, but mostly because of its nearness to the hostel I was staying in. It's a nice looking place, and I have to admit that I didn't have the food. I just had some drinks and conversation, though it was slow both nights I went in there. You won't get any Scottish bartenders here, but they were very nice and made good conversation. They have a good selection of ales, though I'm not sure their staff have a lot of experience with any of the drinks/beers on offer. It was okay. Would like to see it when it's busy!
3	Standard traditional pub.  Good location, just below the castle.  Inside it has ye olde design, timber moulded cladding, large bar and basic toilets down stairs.  We went one Saturday night around 11.30pm and it was dead!  Maybe eight other folk there, so there was little atmosphere.  There's a lovely little seating niche in the corner by the front entrance, it feels like you have your own mini private drinking room!  Nab that area if you can.  Not a lot to say about this pub, other than I liked the cheeky back exit on to Victoria Street!  Great little short cut down into the Grassmarket.
5	We've been here in January, so not really during the season. We went there twice, because we liked it. The staff was nice, friendly and gave us some tipps about what to look at in Edinburgh, we had a nice chat, the food was good and the whisky too.When I asked about what whisky to choose our waitress recommended a very good one, based on my other favourites. We had a good steak, mine was perfectly rare, my boyfriends a close medium (he requested medium) and the wine was good too.As for the haggis: I liked it a lot, although the sauce/mayonnaise was a bit too much, for my taste. When we were there, they where rather slow nights, although one time, during a rugby game I believe, the atmosphere was rather good and there were some people drinking, not too many eating. The food came in reasonable time.
3	Seemed a bit touristy - if that's what you're into.  The waiter was VERY friendly and knowledgable about Scotland.  He was pretty forgetful when we wanted refills of beer and to pay the tab because he was chatting it up with some sassy females.   Overall great experience.    I'm glad I reviewed this the day after I ate there - lets just say it's didn't end well for a few people in my family... Haha however; it was DELICIOUS going in!
