4	I've come to the realization that some of the best restaurants are squished into shopping centers.White Eagle is a little polish deli that has a lot in a small area.In the back corner is a little market where you can get Scandinavian, Polish, German...etc. sweets and goodies.  In the front corner is the restaurant part, and opposite is the deli counter that holds all sorts of yummy desserts, deli meats, and fresh baked breads.I've taken the breads home plenty of times.  Crusty on the outside, soft and squishy in the middle.  Best of both worlds.  The desserts are the best, and my favorite is a little heavenly number which is yet un-named...  It's a sandwich of light soft pastry that has layers like filo, but is much lighter...with a middle of the fluffiest custard cream.  Just sweet enough.Then you get to the menu, littered with various hunter's stews, schnitzels, and probably the best pierogies I've tasted.  They have three kinds:  meat and rice, potato and cheese, and of course sauerkraut and mushrooms.  The latter two are my favorite.  One order comes with 9 pieces, and you can mix and match.The restaurant is family owned, and every one of them are friendly and will answer any of your questions.They close at 3:30pm and are closed on Sundays.  I haven't tried breakfast there yet...but it sounds appetizing.
5	The really do have some of the best peirogies in town. Their stuffed cabage is also wonderful with a tomato cream sauce on it. Comming from a Polish family I tend to be very picky about my Polish cuisine. this place deinfately did not disspoint!
4	God, after all the burritos, tortitos, empanodos, mosquitos and other disgusting mex food in Phoenix, this place was a breath of fresh air - especially since it's so close by to where I live. I've never really had Polish food before and the food here is hearty and delicious. I've eaten here a number of times, and mainly used to get their giant Polish King's Feast (cabbage roll, kielbasa, 3x pierogies, "hunter's stew" and bread), but now my favourite is the kiszka (blood sausage). No, trust me, it's delicious! Their red cabbage is absolutely awesome, and actually kind of "sweet"-tasting.Food prepared promptly, a bit pricey but not over the top (worth it for the flavours). Place is kind of a hole in the wall but there's a lot of stuff in here. You can dine-in (about six or seven tables all up) or take out, and they have a deli counter with a billion Polish meats/sausages, plus some Polish grog (bizarre, large, ornate bottles) and Okocim beer, chocolates like "rum kocke" (a condition I've suffered from on occasion) etc. Used to be run by a dude and his wife, but apparently Grandpa now works there and Grandpa don't understand English too well. I still managed to sign-language my order to him and the blood sausage was just as delicious as ever.Oldies cram into this place in the evenings so get there early (er, wait a minute - on second thought, get there after 6:30p and they'll probably all be gone) or just do the take-out thing. If you've never eaten here and you're in the area, you really need to try it. I'd go for the cabbage roll with creamy tomato sauce (per Melissa H's recommendation), and if there's two of you get their potato pancakes with apple sauce. Way too much potato for one person but delightful at least for the first several dozen bites.Then get the kiszka with mash potato and red cabbage on your next visit. This dish has made it to the top ten fave meals I've ever had in Arizona. Doesn't taste like blood, I promise.Then try the sandwiches.. you almost need a flip-top head to take a bite out of them, they're piled pretty high. They have regular stuff there, ham etc, and also headcheese.. yummo. Just a great little place to have dinner at, despite being a bit cramped and the newspapers being all in Polish. Sorry, I don't speak or read shish-nish.Edit: One last thing I forgot to mention. This place has some real crappy business hours. Only open until 6pm on some days, 8pm on others. Ridiculous. AND, there have been times when I've gotten there at 7:45pm on an 8pm night, only to find the place already closed up - I looked in the window and spotted the staff standing at the register gloating and chuckling like Gollum at the day's takings. Other times, they've had a sign up "closed for 2 weeks for spring vacation" - what the? It appears they don't mind closing up shop on a whim so the other thing to be aware of is that if you go, don't be surprised if they're closed because one of the staff ran out of toothpaste or broke a fingernail.. (mutters under breath)
4	Time for a brief update. This place has undergone some major renovation recently. They kicked out the army signup center next door, busted down the wall and totally redid the interior. It's now got twice as many tables, a mini dance floor (looks to be probably a max of five people on the floor at any one time before you start bumping and grinding), and a small bar with about three bar stools on the far side. Plus, thankfully no sign of Grandpa - instead, the original guy, a new (young) guy and a new chick were on duty. Kiszka was the same, there's just a little more breathing room inside now. And less Polish newspapers (that I could see, anyway). They have a grand opening soon, where I'm sure beer will flow freely and they'll play that godawful polka music at full blast. Forgot to mention that the first time round.. it's that hilarious "drunken" music that is perfect for drinking games and for swinging your beer stein to. Osh posh, pish a posh, shish a nish a loo.. BLOOAAARGGHH
1	Okay, I'm absolutely, positively, well and truly DONE with this place. Last night (Wednesday) we had arranged with friends to meet there for dinner at 6:45pm. When we got there (6:45pm) there was a CLOSED sign in the window -- AGAIN! I've mentioned the ridiculous business hours before - such as taking Sunday off to celebrate the fact that it comes after Saturday etc. It seems that they have all new business hours, and what I read has permanently lost them four customers.Closed Monday and Tuesday (?!) Wednesday open 11am-3pm (!?) Thursday open 11am-8pm. That's basically as far as I bothered to read.This restaurant can go to hell - that's the third time I've arrived at a completely appropriate time of the evening only to have the place inexplicably closed.  I don't care about the recent renovations and frankly there are way too many other delicious places around to be bothered severely adjusting schedules and timing to get into this place during the three or four hours a week that they could be BOTHERED to open. Screw them.EDIT 20120925: Apparently they've changed the name of this place to "Eddie's European Bistro". A lot of time has passed since I got the sh1ts with them; I MAY decide to return and see if anything's improved. If they're closed once more that'll be IT though.
5	I LOVE White Eagle Deli.  The food is fantastic - the stuffed cabbage is delightfully delicate and the potatoe pancakes are heavenly.  If you don't like their hours, make your schedule work to meet theirs.  The Polka on Friday and Saturday nights is a fantastic show and the brave couples dancing will warm your heart.  This is a DO NOT MISS if you are anywhere near Surprise, AZ.
2	Ah, the White Hair Deli. It has some promise because the food is quite good, but it seems to have contented itself with catering to the retirees who can get to dinner and be home by 6pm on a weekday. Which is fine, because that is the neighborhood they are in.
2	A good idea for lunch.  Food was decent, but $9.00 for a half of a sandwich and soup is too much for me.
2	When you can catch this place open, you need to try it! Food is fantastic, and we would eat here a lot more. But you never know when this place is open for business? Three times yes THREE TIMES!!! We have came here during business hours, and the doors are locked? Last time it was Saturday @ 5:30pm, yes on a saturday. This is when they are suppose to be open? Have no idea why they were closed again! If this place would be open when they say they would, place would have more stars!
3	Place was open today! So it gets an extra star!!!
1	I was so excited to go to a restaurant that had advertised European food with "live" entertainment. My family arrived at the restaurant at 6 pm on a Saturday night.. We ordered our dinners including Hungarian Goulash. The waitress stated that the kitchen was closing and they didn't have time to make the Hungarian Goulash. Really?????? You are closing the kitchen at 6:15pm on a Saturday night? Well, they didn't have the ingredients to make the Goulash. 10 people came in after us and ordered meals. Humm..... The beef stroganoff tasted like the Costco special and the "live" entertainment was a 1 man band. He actually did a great job. I would not recommend the restaurant to anyone.
4	To let you know! This place is a hit and miss place!! Food is great, But you need to get there when they are open! When we are able to find this place open, we just love the food. And since I raised their rating to 4, that is only because they were opened again!! I have had their meatloaf sandwich, cheese burger, vegi sandwich, chicken, and pork Schnitzel. I have yet to have a bad plate. I always tried to get something different every time I come here. But I may only order their Pork Schnitzel for now on. One of my favorite dishes.
4	Deli? Not so much, although there is the obligatory little counter filled with a selection of smoked meats. But that's just dandy with me, because this restaurant does Polish food very well. The White Eagle is not a particularly pretty place. It's ensconced in a strip mall and the decor is utilitarian with dim lighting. But the aromas wafting from the kitchen are what truly matter here. For a reasonable price, you can down heaping portions of authentic Polish/Eastern European cuisine, just like grandma made it. If you're new to this food, one of the tastiest ways to try a little of everything is the restaurant's special platter, which introduces several favorites in ample portions, including a divine, chewy smoked Polish sausage, a cabbage roll with savory meat and rice filling topped with a creamy tomato gravy, three pirogis with a variety of fillings, real mashed potatoes, and several slices of light rye bread with butter. But the platters true star is something called sauerkraut stew, which elevates pickled cabbage to something special, with bits of meat, onion, tomato, and seasonings. For those who prefer something less ethnic, the Eagle does a great rendition of schnitzel, in both pork and chicken versions, which are pounded until tender and falling off the plate. Breakfast options are also on the menu, as well as single item plates from the platter's bounty, and more basic dinner favorites. Soups usually include a hot (temp) version of borscht, with beets, beans, meat, carrots and cream, as well as other broth based potions that are perfect on a cold December day. Service is polite and friendly. Though we've never been there to enjoy it, live music is offered on weekends. Weekdays, the tv is often tuned to the Food Network...just fine with me. Home baked desserts are offered, but look closely in the case before you order...more than once I've noticed that the gorgeous cakes have gone a little green. No matter. We generally leave here stuffed and with leftovers!
4	Tried out Eddie's Bistro for lunch on Friday with kids in tow.  The atmosphere was comfortable, and the live music entertained the baby (and us all).  We had the pork sandwich special and the corned beef rueben, which was delicious!  The rye was soft, meat sliced thin, and just the right amount of kraut & dressing.  We shall be back for more!Service was a mite slow, but we didn't mind, and the prices are a tad high.
