5	I am loyal to the Lane Bryant brand and the stores associates have always provided great customer service but this place takes the cake!  I was attended to, informed of deals, made me feel comfortable, went above and beyond to find me the items I was looking for and was not pushy in any way like other places.  Thank you for a great shopping experience!
5	I love this Lane Bryant. Yes, mostly because of it's location too.For those unaware, Lane Bryant services the big beautiful women. Sizes 14-28 women. This location offers a wide variety of clothing and has the Cacique line in a separate section of the store, (big enough that it has it's own entrance too).Now, why do love this store so much more opposed to others in the valley? I know Lane Bryant is a corporation and their items do not vary much store by store but they do. Because boulevard is urbanized I feel that this location has a younger, hipper selection to it's clothes. I have gone to other Lane Bryant's in the valley and felt like I was shopping for my grandmother or something. It just felt old and retired. This location steadily has a huge clearance section of clothes. Worth searching through, especially right when the season changes over. You can definitely find some good deals.The staff that work here almost always plus size women and yes, that makes me feel comfortable. To know that another woman of my stature can relate to how I feel and look in clothes makes it that much better for me.Want an item of clothing that they do not have in your size at the store? They will order it on-line for you and have it shipped to the store for free. The dressing rooms are spacious and well lighted. Not those funny dressing room mirrors that make you look good and then as soon as you go home and look in your mirror, you are like what the heck was I thinking!?!Don't let my one check in fool you. Before my yelping days, you could easily catch me here on pay day. I have never ever had a bad experience here and if something started to go south, an associate quickly fixed it.
4	This location I happen to like because it's in the mall! Well I give it 4 stars. They have a few managers who work at this location. If your a size 20-22 you can find clothes to fit your beautiful curves & be easy on your checkbook.
