4	The name of this place really says it all.  It's a produce market that sells locally grown stuff.  It's really a nice little place where you can find a ton of fruits, veggies, and other stuff.  Like homemade jam and preserves, honey, and flavors of pop I've never had before (sorry about the "pop" thing, I'm from the Midwest originally so sue me).  Of course the selection is better in the summer than at other times of the year, but they still have good stuff in the winter too.
3	Discovered this place about a year ago while on a search for scuppernongs. They have them during season (late summer-early fall).Service is always awesome and smiley. Surprisingly local in focus, with some organic produce and products. Large garden selection during the summer (ornamentals, produce, hanging plants, rocks and gravel, soil, etc), good firewood prices in winter. Pickles, relishes, hot sauces, chow chow's here too.I come here for: jalapeno pickled eggs (salted, rather than sweet), good hoop cheddar, and sick nasty butter. Local eggs available year round, and produce is always cheap, tho sometimes a bit wilty. They get some killer tomatoes in around now, and price them very reasonably.All forms of payment now accepted! Hurrah!
3	Great place to stop by and check out. My husband and I come here for produce and pine straw. Staff is always friendly. They usually have a large variety of produce. During Apple season I think they had about 15 different types to choose from.  Hillybilly is Located at Margaret Wallace and Independence Blvd. This location can be difficult to get out of on Saturday and during rush hour because the right lane turns into a turning lane for Village Lake Drive.
4	It is probably impossible to count how many times that I have passed the Hillbilly without stopping.  To be fair, I am sure that you can do that for just about any number of places.  But the Hillbilly is different, for it is one of those places that you really need to check out when you have a moment.The staff is awesome, and will always be most helpful.  The selection is a bit odd - not bad odd, like almost-out-of-date fish at an Asian market, but like you just do not quite know what to expect.What you will find is a quasi-farmers market that is open regularly.  They also sell things like stone (if you are getting ready to redo the walkway) and flowers (if you need to decorate the yard around said walkway), but make sure that you stop inside because you can find local goods such as honey from just a couple miles away, or grass-fed beef.Always nice not to have to wait for the farmers market that is only open Saturday a few months out of the year, and though you miss the interaction with individual vendors, it can be nice to not have to wander - it is all in one compact location.
5	I buy my Halloween pumpkins and Christmas trees here every year (unless we go to the farm and chop them ourselves). I try to buy all my fresh produce here-it's cheap and good quality and LOCAL! They also sell jams/jellies as well as other kitchen condiments, nuts of all kind, seasonal fresh produce, farm produces such as milk, cheeses, eggs and some fresh meat. They have seasonal flowers and plants for sale (think: mums and poinsettias this time of year; geraniums (and other flowers) and fresh herbs in the summer/spring... They also sell firewood!The staff is SUPER FRIENDLY, they accept credit cards, I couldn't say enough good things about Hillbilly!
4	Not looking to shop at Wal-Mart? Or Harris Teeter? Trying to stick to your "shop local" pledge? Well, here's your spot. Chock full (well, somewhat full) of locally grown produce, locally sourced chicken and meat, locally canned and jarred fruits and veggies. I even managed to find the firewood I needed!Prices are decent and surprisingly competitive with the big chain stores. If you're looking to fill in some shopping and support a local business, you could not possibly do better than Hillbilly!They have some really pretty Christmas trees!
1	Will never darken their doorway again!!!!!! I moved to the area four months ago and have surprisingly had a difficult time finding a place to buy fresh meat. I am used to the Amish markets in MD. I tried this place and was completely ignored from the moment I stepped into to the door. My visit was short and not sweet at all! I wish there was an option to not give a single star!
4	While I usually obtain my fruits and vegetables from Costco,  while I was on this side of town today,  I  decided to check out this little spot that I have been passing for years.  I found their selection a bit slight,  but naturally attributed that to the fact that it's mid January.  Their plants areas were plentiful, unfortunately,  townhouse living does not avail many options for gardens or much outside planting.  What I did pick up I was most please with and it made a great evening smoothie.  I'll have to stop back is when more seasonal thing are abound,  like strawberries and peaches..
5	I love Hillbilly Market and come here for my local produce and meats! I love supporting local agriculture even if it is a couple more bucks. The prices are great! I love getting their green tomatoes and grapefruits. The grapefruits are the best I've found in the area. This is the only place I have found green tomatoes for sale. They also have a great selection of local meats including great affordable country ham. I will continue to shop here for my various random wants and needs! I can't wait to check out their summer selection of produce and plants.
5	Great tomatoes locally grown and priced with that backyard vegetable garden taste.  Can't beat it.  An array of seasonal fruits and produce as well. Plus jams, jellies, cider, all sorts of pickled vegetables.  Give 'em a whirl.  It's worth a trip.
5	Every time I go in here they have great looking plants and flowers & excellent customer service. I've been a regular for several years and always look forward to stopping by. Great place to shop local! Check it out!
