1	I arrived a bit earlier than their opening time of 11am (about 5minutes too soon), and figured I would wait until they opened because I needed a new flat iron. I peeked through the front window because the flat irons were on a display facing the window so I figured I'd window browse until they opened. At 11:03 the brunette "manager" (she was pretty young) started unlocking the doors for the employee who had just arrived, smoking a cigarette on her way in the door. Then the same manager opened up the gates on the windows and walked away. I tried to make eye contact with her because it appeared that the gate opening signalled they were open and I wanted the go-ahead to enter but she refused to look at me. So finally I just opened the door and asked "are you open now?" very politely. The manager snipped "Yes, we don't open earlier than 11. Those are the hours!" with a frown and a white-trash attitude. I said "okay thats fine... I just wasn't sure if you were opening the gates because it was officially open or not.. wow." Now, I know how irritating the "waiting at the window" customer can be so I tried my best not to be that person - but was not greeted, was treated rudely and received a nasty "welcome" by the angry-at-life manager.Then the employee girl and manager started talking together about going out to clubs, about how they were 30 dollars short on the till the day before because they counted it too fast the night before because they wanted to "get out of here and go out!" and other inappropriate conversation. The employee did her best to be polite and helpful, but it was clear she had never been trained on proper customer service (probably because her manager is so awful).I ended up buying the flat iron thanks to the help of the employee. At one point another customer tried to pay with a credit card, but the employee had to wait for the manager to get off the phone so she could use the dial-up to swipe the card. When the employee asked the manager to end the conversation so she could help the customer the manager yelled "No just wait!" from the back of the store. I was shocked!Today is a Sunday so I don't know if this is the regular manager, but this relatively young brownhaired woman was like a bad joke. I won't be returning again, even if this styling iron fries up tomorrow! Not worth it!
4	My experience here was totally different than the other 2 reviews written.  The moment I walked in, the employees greeted me and asked if there was anything they could help with.  I asked about a product, which I knew the name of, but not who it was made by.  They knew exactly what I was talking about, showed it to me, and then told me about it.  Afterward, I just wanted to browse for a bit, and they respected my space and didn't try to push anything on me.I know you might say that this was just one experience, but I have been into this location many times and always had excellent help.  The only reason I am give 4 stars instead of 5 is because the store is so tiny and cramped it can be really hard to find anything, or move past anyone if the store is crowded.  I will deff be going back if I need any beauty supplies (and what girl wouldnt).    :-)
4	I love Sally's with all of my heart,I am however terrified of any Sally's in Central Phoenix...That is of course until I discovered this Sally's on Camelback Rd.There are actually items IN STOCK at this location! I no longer dread the man hunt that usually goes down when I am having a hair dying relapse.This location is never crowded to the point where I feel my death is near by me being smothered into a fully stocked shelf of creme developers. Overall, give it a rest people. It is hard to beat Sally's. Professional items over crappy wannabe items at your local CVS. So you hate the service? Go down to Walmart and get a boxed DIY kit of anything and watch your head go bald. Sally's is not for ametures. You go in, get what you need and off to business. I have been a Sally's groupie for about 12 years and some of the best beauty products I have ever tried come from this store. The prices are also very low for the professional quality they are! Unbelievable! If you want someone to hold your hand and coax you into buying a 200 flat iron, then go to your local kiosk and the mall and get suckered for an extra 150 dollars over Sally's.Overall, this location rocks! Go Sally's! "For. Eveeer"(Sandlot voice) :-)
2	Ugh. I used to shop here until I found an alternative shampoo. They carry an interesting set of merchandise in a narrow set of aisles, reminding me of a bodega in Queens. This is not a high end shopping experience. This is not a customer focused experience. They often run out of merchandise.Buh bye!Surly is not quite the accurate word I'm searching for, but it will have to do. I'm not willing to spend any time thinking too hard on this. I don't care how many 15% coupons you send me, or whatever it saves. It's not worth it. (And if you know me that's saying a lot. I can light a fire with the pennies I rub together.)The manager is a grouch. I had to exercise the "NYC Voice" to resolve an issue with an item I paid for that was out of stock. But when you repeatedly call a store, speak to multiple individuals and are assured numerous of a return phone call...Well, maybe it wouldn't hurt to call.
5	This place has everything you could need if you are doing your own hair or your own waxing.  It's truly a dream come true for hard to come by beauty supplies and at a very reasonable price, but it is hella crowded!  Seriously, you have to think skinny thoughts just to scoot past other people in the aisles!!  Anyway, all that aside, they have everything, and I was helped by a very sweet employee on my visit who found me just what I needed (a Brazilian hair straightening kit that worked like a charm) and rang up my purchase at the register, and then afterwards she took me back into the aisles to show me another item I mentioned needing to find just as I was about to walk out the door with my purchase.  Well played customer service, young lady!  Well played!
1	Tried to use a BOGO coupon and they "didn't know how to do it"........ Manager couldn't help either. The girls working there are less than stellar to be there and it shows. I think I have yet to find a decent sally's beauty in phoenix.
5	It's a neighborhood gem for me. No, I am not a hair stylist or beautician but I do like to look well maintained. This Sally's location is very friendly. There has never been a time I walked in and did not get greeted by a sales person. They are always full stock with the items I need to use. I save money each time I shop because I invest $5.00 a year for the beauty club card which is worth it because they turn around and give you your $5.00 right back. Perfect for both men and women. You can find hair appliances, weave, accessories, makeup, hair dye and much more.
