5	this BBW store was awesome. the store associates are real friendly and they are very well versed in their information about each product. they made all kinds of suggestions for me, as to what to buy for a last minute gift for a friend whom i happened to run into in vegas who i also was supposed to have dinner with in 2 hrs. they were awesome in helpin' me out with that. anyways, i loved my experience here. it was like they dropped everything for me, all so they could help me find a gift. shoppin' like a celebrity or something. i love it
5	i love this store its my favorite i never leave it without buying something from there.... :) and im never dissapointed!!!!have u ever thought that a smell was good when u tried it on in the store but when u got home u realized that its not ur signature smell!??!?!?!well u can never go wrong with n/e thing there.. even if its not wat u thought it was it turns out to be the bomb!!!ILY BBW!!!!
4	Located in the Forum Shops between Express and Fat Tuesday.I walked in and they had plenty of deals going on for candles and bath items.The staff were welcoming and friendly and while the store isn't huge it was nicely kept and the displays and shelves were well stocked.
5	This store is located in the Forum Shops between Express and Fat Tuesday.This is a good sized store and has great customer service. To me it seems like they are the store that most tourists go to. There is a wide selection of products and the staff is very helpful. They were quite understanding about not having a store in Hawaii in terms of return that have no receipt or are quite old as well as giving boxes to help ship items home. I always come to this store when I come to Las Vegas. There's always lots of great deals going on as well.  ^_^*~
5	This store gets 5 stars from me because I had a 5 star experience:1)  Friendly, polite, and attentive workers.2)  Eye-catching merchandise displays.3)  Clean and tidy.4)  Wonderful customer service5)  A fantastic selection of products.6)  GREAT SALES!7)  Coupons given for discounts on future purchases.
4	Girls love this place.There's always a sale.So many scents on lotions, body washes, hand sanitizers, and hand soaps.
2	I had a super rude cashier made a huge fuss over a exchange of a broken item. I would have bought but because of her rudeness I did my exchange and left I didn't get her name but on my receipt it says cashier 1271421
