5	Charlotte needs more places like Soma--especially the Matthews area.  Family restaurants of this quality have a way of recharging you.  And I'm not just talking about the curry.Soma is owned and run, presumably, by a family.  Every time I've been there, the single waiter is jogging back and forth from our table to the kitchen, peeking out from behind the curtain from time to time to check on our drinks.  If every other restaurant had employees who were so able to multi-task, service would never be anything short of flawless.The food is some of the best I've had from that region of the planet.  The meat is quality, the rice is fresh and well-prepared, and the sauces are derived from recipes that can't possibly be anything less than a culmination of home-cooked meals spread over generations.  If you work in the area, skip Chik-fil-a and Hops once in a while and check this place out.  You won't be disappointed.  I love fried chicken, brick oven pizza and burgers just as much as the next guy.  But if more people were willing to give these small businesses a try, Charlotte's food culture would be a more colorful picture than it is today.
5	This was our first visit.  The lady (cook and owner?) was very sweet and helpful; especially since my husband and I weren't very familiar with Indian Food.   As it turned out, the food was very good; I highly recommend it.   Service was EXCELLENT!!
4	Love it! Great authentic Indian food and decent prices.I love the spicy shrimp and rice. The shrimp is not too spicy.Small place, run by a husband & wife, in a tucked in part of a strip mall off of 74.
5	I really like this place. The food is fresh and the service is great. I usually get the "light lunch". It's very affordable and always fills me up. Their dal and lentil soups are wonderful!I honestly would give this place a 4, but I want their overall score to stay up so they won't close. They're close by and I'm selfish like that. : )
5	Amazing authentic Indian food. All food is made to order and all of the sauces are made in house and are so fresh. Soma grill was a breath of fresh air, I love Indian food and by far one of the best places. Try the spicy shrimp, the sauce is fantastic.
4	3 1/2 stars On our first try I wasn't bowled over but as I learn what to order this place really grows on me, its great having this place as a neighborhood restaurant. It's affordable and the food is pretty good overall ...and some dishes are surprisingly good. To start the so called lentil soup that comes with every entree is a lot more than the name implies. It's a mixed veggie, curry, split peas etc etc soup, perfect for a chilly night. The shrimp Madras is very good - when they asked 1 to 5 how hot I said 6!! .. and they still had to bring me more hot sauce, typical of Charlotte. But now the humble Chana (Chickpeas) Spinach Masala w/pomegranate, cardemon and spices is absolutely fragrant, spicy and  delicious. This dish could be served in a fine restaurant.Another surprise: I usually don't go crazy for Asian deserts but we shared a pudding of carrots, raisins, cashews, rice sugar and cream ( Halwah? ) that manage to taste very unusual, yet familiar and delish as well. An Indian couple seem to own and run this place, the wife is the cook and she really aims to please. She came out to our table 3 times to talk to us although there were a fair amount of customers - mostly Indians. We had dinner there twice and I think this lady does her best with the vegetarian dishes. I tend to be a meat eater myself but I'll stick to their vegetarian menu in the futureThey also have a decent wine selection for $5 a glass which doesn't hurt the dining experience.
5	Soma Grill is top notch India food. I've lived all over the country, and have had Indian enough to know ... "good from great". Soma Grill is truly "great" food. I've been to this place with my husband over a dozen times and we'll keep coming back. Why, you ask? Well, the answer is simple. The food is hand made every day, the staff is full of heart and spirt, and the owner is a wonderful woman who truly cares about her guests.Here's some things I'd like to brag about eating there:Start with the:Vegetable Samosa's (comes with an order of two and two dipping sauces) - these triangular delights are a perfect way to start your meal. The green dipping sauce is perfectly spicy and compliments the brown sweet dipping sauce. YUM!!! For dinner we share. Here's what we love there ... but first, you must know dinner comes with a cup of mildly spicy and delicious lentil soup, as well as a fresh salad. The salad has a zesty yogurt dressing lightly garnishing the top of it. Now for the main course.Chicken Tikka Masala (this comes in a light red/orange cream sauce) The chicken is tender and the sauce has a bold rich tomato flavor. Mmmmm ... Get the Naan to dip in this sauce so no drop goes to waste. Lamb Kashmiri (this has a mild burgandy sauce with almonds in it) The lamb tastes like it has been cooking all day. If you've ever had "osso bucco" from an Italian restaurant ... you know that succulent meat that falls off the bone. This lamb is as tender as that. AND the sauce, it has a ton of flavor. If you eat lamb this is something you must try. Fish (Cod) Madras (this is perfectly cooked white fish in a very fresh rich colored tomato sauce with onions and mushrooms) What I really like about this dish is how much it complements the heavier flavors in the tikka massala's cream sauce. If you're looking for a vegetable dish my husband and I have tried a few of them. Our favorite is the "Aloo Gobi" Aloo Gobi (this dish has potato's and cauliflower mixed in a light, fresh crushed tomato sauce) It's very good and a nice compliment to all the meat dishes we order  to share. We've had both the garlic and regular naan. They're perfect for dipping, and in my opinion, naan is a "must have" when eating an Indian meal. Rice comes with the meals, so if you don't want bread but want a starch, you'll be happy to know white rice accompanies all entrees. As for dessert we've had the rice pudding and pistachio ice-cream (this is the kulfi) on the menu. Between those two, I'd pick the pistachio ice-cream every time. It's very refreshing after a hot meal. Also, each time we visit I always get the hot chai tea. This milky goodness is made to order and is worth the wait. You add the sugar which puts you in the drivers seat, as far as sweetness goes.I recommend Soma Grill to anyone looking to try something other than a chain restaurant. This food is worth a try and if you already like Indian food take my dinner suggestions. You won't be sorry! Hope this helps -- Enjoy!
1	I've eaten at quite a few Indian places. From the other reviews and closeness to me, I wanted to like this place. However, after going, I can't. The service was inattentive, and the food wasn't what I had expected. It became very apparent to me that the place does not have an tandoor, or if they do its not used. The chicken was cooked in the sauce, but had not been spiced before. Their scale for rating the spiciness of the food [1-5] was unhelpful as that they didn't compare what a 5 is and whats a 1. Lastly, the spices used to make the dish spicy weren't dried peppers, they were full undried peppers. [The dried version takes in the moisture of the sauce and becomes part of it, the undried version doesn't]Lastly, the naan bred was what appeared to be buttered pita bread.Price: For an Indian restaurant, this was very cheap.
4	I wish I could give a 4.5...  The 4 star rating is based on really good Indian food at a nice place in a city where I wouldnt expect great Indian food. Even though I went on a weekday evening, I was surprised at how empty it was considering how good it was. I'm not from here so I yelped, was craving food with flavor & everyone seemed to like this place so I gave it a try....glad I did!*wine list: for how small the place is, they had a pretty decent list. I'm no wine snob but I know what I like and what I don't and they had a decent variety to choose from...considering I wasnt in CA. *service: there was one waitress but she was very accommodating and on top of it*food: good food.  My chicken tikka masala came with soup, a salad, the meal and rice...much more than I could finish on my own. Too bad I was traveling otherwise I would have taken it home. You can order it more spicy if you want and I wish I did because I like spice but the flavor was right on & satisfied the flavor craving I had. For the price & being in another city, this place was extremely reasonable and well worth going to. Glad I went :)
4	Strongly recommend this place . It's very small place but food was so delicious . The lentil soup was warm and tasty , and salad has the little spice flavor was awesome . Vegetable samosa was very very delicious and of course chicken tikka masala tasty tasty . Service was great :) . i deffinatly come back :)
4	This place creeped me out initially.  It was dark, dingy and empty when we first arrived at 8pm on a Friday night.  It smelled like stail cigarette smoke and the tables were less than inviting.  There was one waitress/hostess that encouraged us to seat ourselves and she seemed relatively preoccupied but very nice nonetheless.All that to say, we thoroughly enjoyed our meals.  After reading prior reviews I felt confident the meal would be fresh and it was.  I ordered the chicken korma and hubby ordered the chicken tikki masala.  Both were good.  I have had a creamier version of chicken korma in other places and I think that is my preference but this was still very good and I didn't leave a drop of leftovers.  The salad and soup served with the meal was a nice addition.  The naan was not quite as traditional..it was more like pita bread but still decent...just more doughy than I prefer.The atmosphere left much to be desired but it is a great neighborhood indian restaurant.  I will be back.
4	When you step in, Some is not particularly impressive. In fact, you may want to step back out again, just to make sure you entered the right place. When we came in, it was like they were closed - almost no one was there and since the inside of the restaurant is so small, it was underwhelming, to say the least.But we decided to stay, and the ultra-friendly staff quickly helped us find something to eat. Always helpful because we don't actually eat Indian nearly as much as we probably should. Having a place like Soma in relative proximity means that we should be doing it even more often. Now we just need to convince more people to visit.
5	Why did Christopher Columbus cross the Atlantic? To find the flavorful, aromatic spices right here at Soma grill. If you ate anywhere else for lunch today, you lost out.I feel sorry for people that ate at Subways, Jersey Mike's etc. etc. THIS is real, authentic cuisine and spices are blended so perfectly. It was cold today and I wanted hot soup and I got it. Not spicey "hot", temperature hot and the spices are more aromatic than "spicey". In other words it doesn't mean heat like cajun. What's nice is they ask you - on a scale of 1 to 5, what spiceness (peppery) you want it. My wife and I chose level 2. Why this place wasn't packed beats me.
5	This is a wonderful place to eat, a gem of a find. The lentil soup is well seasoned & has vegetables, & the chicken tikka is delicious. The best of all is the slow-cooked marinated goat, exquisite, melts in you mouth & seasoned to perfection!
3	Indian is probably my most favorite cuisine next to Thai and this place was okay.  I was very excited about it based on the reviews.  The service was good.  They were out of veggie samosas.  The chicken tikka masala was okay.   The naan was good, but I have enjoyed it much more at some of my favorite spots. I think I was most disappointed in the chicken masala.  The sauce (very watery and thin) was not as thick as I like and  that.  It was missing some rich flavors I am used to at other Indian restaurants.  The lentil soup was good and the salad was okay.
4	Quick Indian lunch at a reasonable price? I'm in.A friend suggested coming here, so we took our lunch break and drove down. It's pretty nondescript, camping out in a strip mall. Walking in, it's not much to look at. Tables and chairs. Nothing fancy.We ordered samosas as an appetizer and LOVED the green sauce they were served with. Minty and spicy.I recommended the curry chicken to my friend, since she's not all that familiar with Indian cuisine, figuring that would be simple and delicious. She really enjoyed it.I ordered something with chickpeas and spinach. Also simple and delicious. Naan, check. Rice, check.The portions are perfect for lunch, and the prices agree. Our server was very personable and quick to make sure we had enough to drink.I probably wouldn't come here on date night, but for a quick weekday lunch, it hits the spot.
4	I finally was able to make it here for lunch, and I'm so glad I did! The decor is not very impressive, but the food is! You are able to choose how spicy you want something, the flavors are spot on, and it is hot and fresh. Indian food is never my first choice, but after eating here that may change!
2	We went there last night and it empty, service was stretched, food was not very good at all. Naan was frozen mass produced not made in store, Samosa again were frozen mass produced. Water had moldy taste to it and business seems to be struggling to stay open.   Lentil soup was ok but really only a few old carrots and I couldn't find a lentil, Salad is useless would rather have had some papadums, with some chutneys. Menu is incredibly limited portions were tiny and prices were high. Naan was rationed out one piece at a time. Waitress was coughing and not covering her mouth, silverware was gritty and all in all 35.00 for two mains and a bowl of rice, just drank the water.  It is so sad when I see people keeping places open that should be closed, bring people in and charging more for less does now make for return customers, just makes a funny conversation ride home. All in all we should have left when we walked in , before you jump on me I am a chef and my husband is Indian.
4	The first time I walked in to Soma it smelt awful, so I left... Thinking I had to give it another chance, I'm glad I did. It was very good and there was a lot of food. Didn't smell as bad as it did but, you will smell like Indian the rest of the night.
5	This business is now closed.  It was great while it lasted.
5	This has closed only does catering now closed closed closed not there any more etc phone number doesnt work go to their wwbsite to get the working ph number and contact them
