1	I have been a dish network customer for 3 months now and wish to warn anyone from signing up with them as I did. I'll explain.We wanted cable with HD and saw their flyer that said HD for life so we called. The installer showed up and instead starts installing only standard. I wasn't there at the time but my bf was who lives with me. The installer gets his boss on the lines and is told it would $200 for the equipment to install HD and thats not owning after either. We said not right now and had install the standard while we thought about it. The install then has my bf sign a contract that is actually 15 pgs long (on his cell phone) with no paper copy in hand and just says that its saying that he was there and installed a standard connection... later to find out that he was actually signing a 24 mo contract.Yes, he should have read the 15 pgs on the cell phone or not sign but really I feel as a customer this was dishonest and unacceptable for them to do on a cell phone.Later we called and explain that we had wanted HD and didnt like getting jerked around and the operator tells us oh im sorry we will give you HD no charge and set up an appointment for it to be installed and tells us she will send a email confirmation which we never received and after two days called back and no such appointment had been set up. On the third call we tell a supervisor we want to cancel and she tells us that we already prepaid the next month and to wait till the beginning of Nov to call back and cancel so we did. Fourth call to cancel, talked to a supervisor that tells us finally that my bf signed a 24mo contract(the first time we were notified of this) and there was nothing he could do and that to get out of the contract we would have to pay $400. or to get the HD we wanted that it was actually now $400 but he would lower it to $200 for us.... we explained that everytime weve called its been a different story and even though they say they are putting notes in, we have to tell them the whole story over again and they dont do anything. Its progressively gotten worse with every phone call. I dont believe I would feed into this company anymore if my life depended on it. I wouldnt have signed a cell phone but on the other hand a company shouldnt be only providing that as the only copy. will be switching asap. please dont sign anything with this company!!!!!!! they dont care about any of their customers.
1	"Come in Rangoon"My recent experience with Dish Network's internet tech support should give pause to those who decry the outsourcing of such jobs to English-speaking countries where people are happy to have the work. Over a period of a few weeks, I have spoken to 5 people, all of whom speak un-accented good old US of A English, regarding the installation of internet service at a home I own. Two of the conversations lasted an hour apiece (mostly because I was asked several times if I "mind being put on hold for just a minute" while the people on the other end of the line either must have gone on break or yukked it up with their workmates about how they were jacking me around).I began internet service with Dish in anticipation of tenants coming in November 1. The equipment was delivered and service supposedly hooked up to the house. For reasons I will explain below, it did not work. The tenants just gave up trying to make it work (the internet was not that important to them and I was paying for it). When they left, I began my relationship with Dish tech support. The crack Dish team had me plug their DSL modem into each phone jack in the house and wait to see if a certain light would stop blinking. It would not. They sent a technician out to confirm that there was a signal to the outside of the house. I tried it again, and the light just kept blinking. The Dish support people told me they could send someone to check the internal wiring, but I would have to pay $99 per hour if it turned out that the internal wiring was not faulty. I asked, "What if the wiring is good but the modem is the problem?" I was told by several different people that, since lights came on, the modem was not the problem and I would be charged if the problem was not the inside wiring.Finally, more than two weeks into my journey, the second "outside" wiring person Dish sent out to confirm that there was a signal to the house took one look at the modem Dish had sent to me and said it was the wrong modem. He even gave the appropriate model number for our service. So, I called Dish tech support back, told the person what the technician had said, and was told forcefully that the modem they had sent to me would work with any Dish system anywhere, and that they would send out another (the third) "outside" wiring person to check service to the house, and if the signal was getting to the house. I suggested to the Dish tech support maven that she call the technician to confirm that the modem was not the correct one for the system in my area, and she said, "We don't do that." I told her the technician they had sent out said I need a 1000 model. She repeated that the problem was not the modem, that the modem they had sent me (which was a 5000 model) works with all their services. I told her he was their technician, not mine and even offered to give her his name and phone number. She again refused to speak with their technician. I asked to speak to a supervisor. She angrily told me that the supervisor would tell me the same thing she had told me. I said, "Well, at least I'll be hearing it from a supervisor." She put me on a brief hold.When a supervisor came on the line, she told me that a new modem had just been ordered to be sent to me. The new modem was a 1000 model. She confirmed that the 5000 model I had in my possession would not work with the signal they provided to my house. I asked the supervisor how it could be that none of their people knew that. She had no answer. I suggested that, since each of my calls was being recorded "for training purposes", she listen to those calls and do some training of those service techs. She said they could certainly do that. My breath is not being held.When the new modem did not arrive before my new tenants. I called Dish support back. I was told the order had "failed." When I asked what that meant, I learned that Dish had just decided to send out modems with Dish logos on them, so my order had been cancelled. I asked that it be over-nighted, so my new tenants would have internet service. The support person and the supervisor each told me they were not authorized to do that.In all my calls with tech support people in either the Philippines or India and the countries in and around the subcontinent (and there have been hundreds of such calls over the years), I have never been treated rudely. In fact, the people sometimes are overly friendly, given the nature of our relationship. And while I haven't always gotten the problem solved on the first call, I have never witnessed the systemic incompetence of the Dish tech support apparatchiks. If you don't want to see all of our service  jobs go overseas, I have one piece of advice to all the "Buy American" people out there: DO A BETTER JOB. At least do as good a job as the "foreigners" you disparage. And if you decide to get internet service from Dish, stock up on patience first.
1	This company is completely unscrupulous in its dealings with customers.  They resort to used car salesman-like tactics with their door-to-door sales techniques.  They persist, they badger, and they nag in order to try to get you to sign up for their contracts.Their salespeople almost refuse to take no for an answer when they approach you.  They trespass on your property - They are a menace!Stay away from "Dish Network"
