4	This super-nice new Safeway is a great addition to the South Phoenix/Laveen area and provides a nice alternative to the great--but limited--shopping experience at Fresh & Easy (located on 19th Ave and Baseline) and the overwhelming and not that fresh or gourmet offerings at the massive Fry's Marketplace across the road. The selection of items is solid but not un-necessarily large. Since the store just opened a few weeks ago, a lot of things are really marked down and I've noticed a lot of buy-1-get-1-free deals (with use of the Safeway card). Of course, being new also means that the store is super clean and that the employees are on top of their game. It's always possible that these standards will decline the longer the store is open, but I hope not because a clean and well-staffed store makes for a better grocery shopping experience!I also wanted to point out a few of the store's amenities. Naturally, there is a Starbucks. There is also a US Bank in case that's of use to you. Most importantly (for us, at least), this location has the Signature Cafe, which offers freshly-made and affordable sandwiches! I tried the Italian Garden--it was quite tasty but needed a little less of the multiple sauces that were on it--and my husband had some roast beef selection with horseradish-flavored cheese. Delish! And only $11 or so for both of us. The Signature Cafe also serves gelato, which is probably not homemade, but it's cool to have that as a local dessert option. Check this place out if you live nearby. I guarantee a pretty top-notch shopping experience!
5	This is a very nice Safeway store. It is clean and the people are friendly . They know where thing are and will take you right to what you are looking for. I must say I go here mainly for the meat they have a good selection and the prices are usually cheaper then Fry's across the street. if you need help ask anyone but Becky Is the one that helped me out.  There is a Starbucks in this Safeway if you are in to that kind of thing. Also a deli and bakery.
5	I work in the same strip mall as this store so I come here often. Starbucks has excellent service, the deli is fast and the sandwiches are truly deli good, KJ at the pharmacy is just about the coolest pharmacist I've met, and I've never had any issues checking out with my groceries.
5	Huge fan of Safeway great products, great assortment of organic non-GMO foods and the staff is always friendly.  The only thing I can ask for of Safeway in the United States is to have GMO markings on all products, since they do it in the United Kingdom already.
3	I visit this location when I'm in need of a yummy cake or pastry. I love their bakery and their quick breakfast burritos.  However, they are so slow! My visits are never in and out. They usually only have 1 cashier and their self serve is always closed. No matter what time of the day, they seem to be under staffed. Hopefully they stay open.
4	Make sure you check your prices! Shelf price was $3 less than what the cashier was giving me even with the club card. sent the bagger to check and he came back saying the price expired 5 days ago but sent they snoozed they lose! Manager override please. Not a 5 star because the hickup delayed me several minutes. Ain't nobody got time for that.
1	I think I'm officially done with safeways, well at least in the south valley. My doctor called in a prescription last night, I called today to update the insurance so I wouldn't have to wait, yet I get here and "you have new insurance????" Is this a joke, am I being punked??? "Do you have the information???" What was the whole 10 min conversation about I had earlier??? This is on top of them not having one of the prescriptions and when I asked of they could transfer it to THEIR pharmacy closer to my house he told me I could do it....hmmm lack of customer service is evident on this side of town.
1	This low rating  review is for the supervisor Harim and not the cashier.   We went to Safeway for the Free Turkey with $100 purchase offer yesterday and left as unsatisfied customers.At the check out counter, I asked the Cashier if I can purchase a turkey at $0.79/ lb after the $25 purchase and also get a free turkey with an ADDITIONAL $100 purchase in the same transaction or should my boyfriend pay for his $25 and the $0.79/lb turkey separately (since we have different Safeway Club Card.)The Cashier said it should be fine, no need to split up the order.The total came out to be $174.02 and NO FREE TURKEY. I was charge for both turkey at regular price $1.49/ lb.  The cashier said may be because of the butter and cheese are excluded from the offer. Cashier  went through the receipt to deducted out $17.88 worth of dairy products and I was still way over $100 of qualifying purchase.  We even added 4 cases of water to the order and still NO free turkey...Puzzled, the cashier called his Supervisor for help.  Harim, the supervisor came over to give me a lecture on why it did not take off the turkey and how I should be unloading my groceries at check out.While exhaling and staring at the ceiling, Harim said "You cannot have your dairies in the beginning or middle of the check out. You need to unload all the groceries that qualified for the Free Turkey first, then dairy products or alcohol at the end, other why it will not take off.  It said so in the Safeway paper."OMG! For a moment there, I thought I was one of the employee and not the customer. I have never known that groceries have to be check out in a certain order.  I always unload everything from the cart and the cashier do what they need to do...What is wrong with Safeway POS software? After the lectures, he finally coupon one free turkey.  I then look at the receipt and asked about the second turkey being full price, I told the cashier I don't want the full price turkey.  The cashier said he can help me since  I was still in the store and customer service was closed.After multiple attempt to do refund, his register would not open and he has to call Harim back for help.Harim came, was not too happy and told the cashier and I that there would be no return after 11 PM and I would need to bring it back in the morning. But if I come back in the morning,  they would not be able to take it back if it has left the store because it is frozen product....I said "Are you serious?" and the cashier told the supervisor that I have not left the store and  if I could get my refund.Harim processed the refund and kept on rambling about something while stared at the ceiling. I turned my head around and look at the ceiling, there were nothing to out of the ordinary.  Not sure why he cannot make eye contact when he talk to me and why he kept staring at the ceiling.We left the store asking each other "Can you believe what just happened?"I hope I never have to shop at his Safeway location again!
