4	I have lived in Vegas for 5 years and have had a lot of trouble finding a hairstylist. After many hair salons, I decided to try the salon at South Point. So far this has been the best hair cut I have received in Vegas. I think they have reasonable prices and if your a local, it's even better at 20% off. After receiving a salon treatment, guests are able to use the spa and fitness center free of charge. So its like an all in one beauty hot spot.
5	The new couples area is very nice.  Jacuzzi, steam room, sauna and sitting room are tucked away in a corner with a big privacy window over looking the pool. Had a Swedish massage and foot treatment by Megan, all time best ever.Hope the word doesn't get out too much cause it's a good secret right now for us locals.
4	With all the spas I had here in Vegas so far. The price is great. You do have a locals discount. The environment was relaxing! I really have no complaints.
5	I needed and wanted a massage and decided to book one for my sister and me, the service was great and so was everything else, I love to get massaged and this spa met my expectations so much to do before your appointment all you have to bring is the clothes you'll be wearing and a brush everything else is provided, I felt brand new all day and night I will definitely go back in the future...
4	Love this locally catered to spa! When me, my sister and my mom want to spend a day together we often go to this spa inside of the South Pointe Hotel Casino. I really like them because they off 20% off all services for locals! 20%! We usually book 1 treatment a day and spend the rest of the time enjoying the other spa amenities.They have the standard hot tub, steam room and sauna but also have this water thing that you sit under and a heavy stream of water shoots from the ceiling down on your back. Its like a water massage....it feels amazing!Most of all the services I have received from here have been good. Only had problems once in all my years with one therapist but the manager was very quick to help settle the issue.So, why not 5 stars? Well, in the past you use to be able to go into the kitchen and get your own drinks. Anything from juice to coffees or hot chocolates. Now, they are all locked up somewhere and you have to ask someone every time you want something. Its not relaxing at all and these poor girls already seem so busy. I guess they had some sort of issue of night staff stealing....but really. This only hurts your guests. I wish they would change back to the old free for all I use to love!On a final note - you can also order food and cocktails to the sitting room here. We usually get lunch delivered and the prices are relatively cheap. (Usually 30 dollars for all three of us)So, still one of my favorite local gems in town. If you go...let me know, Ill meet ya :)
4	Nice, cozy, relaxing, and quiet.  Not the biggest or the best, but it's one of my favs because it's a clean, cute, simple spa my mom, sisters, and I go to at least twice a year.
5	I really loved the spa at the South Point. The couples spa lounge was the best of the best. We got a 25% discount for staying at the hotel. Which was a total plus. It was such a relaxing time that me and my fiance ended up passin out in the couples louge. Staff had to wake us up because they were closing. We couldn't believe how we just totally passed out. We were just so relaxed and the waterfall that you hear from the spa just helps to completeley relax your body. The couples spa is beautiful and breathtaking. It's very intimate and private. We will be defintely going back with my honey to enjoy the couples spa  lounge some more...~:-).
4	This is such a neat spa! I had no idea they had such a big co-ed area. This is one of the very few spas in town that you will find a co-ed steam room, sauna, and hot tub. They have monthly specials that are very reasonable! December they had Gingerbread aromatherapy massage! Yum. They even have a little sample of the scented oil at the front desk you can smell before you book to make sure you like it. I also loved their idea of the different themed showers in the womens locker room. This spa is worth the small drive off the strip.
5	Excellent service
5	My sister-in-law and I had a mani-pedi here and it was wonderful!  They suggested arriving 30 minutes earlier to enjoy some of the other amenities.  Upon arrival we were given a tour of the facilities.  After receiving our slippers and a key to a locker, we went to change. The robes were in the lockers and they were heavenly (I didn't want to take mine off).  Then there was the sauna, steam room and jacuzzi.  All this with a mani-pedi.  While waiting for our services we relaxed in a quiet warm waiting room with coffee, tea and water.  Along the chairs and sofas there were afghans if needed.  After the services, we were told we could take one of the several speciality showers ( citrus, mango, etc).  Since we were so relaxed in the waiting room in the warm robes, we spent the time there and showered in our rooms.  I was so relaxed!! Can't wait to get back there for a massage and other services.  This was my sister-in-law's first visit to a spa, thank you for making it such an amazing experience.
2	Nice enough but "too busy" to attend to guests in the way you like for a spa.
5	OK, maybe I love this place because I'm a local or maybe I love this place because this spa is awesome. I love their reception area with the huge waterfall wall; pretty. I think the most amazing part of the spa is the bathroom/locker room. They have a lot of lockers and it is semi private if you want to change in there because of some partial walls and other lockers. They also have counter tops filled with shampoo, conditioner, hair products, blow dryers, lotion, etc. You name it, they offer it to you. I just got back from the spa at the Cosmopolitan and they offered none of this. Very disappointed about that. If you get oily from a service or go swimming, steaming or exercising you can bathe yourself at Costa Del Sur, I couldn't do that at the Cosmo spa. I also like their waiting area. The couches are comfortable and it feels like you are home relaxing without any kids bothering you! They have water and snacks and magazines in the waiting area which is nice. You also get the key to your locker on a rubber bracelet which made me feel safe. At the Cosmo you had to come up with a 4 digit code and pin it in yourself. Didn't like that.I once got a prenatal massage here and it was great. I came back another time and got a Vichy shower and scrub treatment and a massage. They Vichy shower is wonderful. I wish I could have one in my house! The massage was great. I love this spa and I have to make some time to go back soon.
4	I've been training for a 10 K.  My legs and back were very tight.  Ethan, LMT, gave me an excellent massage.  He worked through the tightness....I fell so much better.  I strongly recommend Ethan.
5	I had a great experience at this spa.  I had a pedicure and used the facilities twice during my visit.  Excellent attendants. Very friendly and kept asking me if I needed anything.  Small inside but there was only a few other women there.  Lovely showers. I would return to this spa in a heartbeat.
3	Day pass to the spa is now $30. It's a bit pricey for an off-strip spa that is a bit small side, especially when $40 will get you into Venetian or Caesar's spas. My favorite part was the hot spa/cold tub set up and swimming in the cool pool, even if the cold tub wasn't too cold. The dry sauna isn't palpably hot at first unless you remain there for some time. The waterfall pool pressure from the ceiling was way too strong. The steam room was perfect heat and steam. All the facilities were clean and well maintained; the attendant was diligent, attentive, and helpful. The different scents and products in each shower was really fun, but for some reason some of the products were randomly watery or watered down in certain scents, not all. They are available for purchase in their spa's shops too. $22 for a ~12 oz. bottle of lotion. For some reason all the waterfalls were turned off among the decor, kind of a bummer. The lounge was nice, though the sounds of the refrigerator area would go off every now and then. There are a lot of warm drink options from the machine, but all the juices are locked up and only water and cream is available from the fridge. There are also no snacks available, other than some red and green apples, but they were fresh and tasty. Robes here were better than the Venetian's robes! Nice and soft to lounge in. I didn't like the key wristbands to the locker since it was always getting in the way though. The fitness room is included with the day pass and is clean and functional, right next to the pool. I don't think the pool is included though, and neither is the couple's/co'ed area which is $75 more unless you get a treatment. I probably wouldn't return to this spa if I had other options because of the cost. But the location is good for locals that want to avoid the strip and not go too far from the center of Vegas.
3	Took the girlfriend for a couple's treatment as an anniversary present after reading good things about the place. Was surprised to get an appointment as I called the day before. It was about a $30 dollar cab from the strip each way. However, even with the cab, the total price came in way below anywhere else on the strip. I have never been to a spa before while my girlfriend has.Arrived about 45 mins early, got checked in, and went our separate ways before the treatment. Was told over the phone they have a couples area and to bring your bathing suit to utilize it. However, we had not brought bathing suits for our trip, thus I cannot comment on the couples area.Upon entering, was given a robe, sandals, and a locker key. I was also given a tour by the attendant. It was about 12pm and only two other gentlemen in the spa. The spa was complete with a sauna, steam room, hot whirlpool, cool plunge pool, and these deep showers which supposedly spray water to massage you. The showers and locker area are separate rooms, which each shower being private and having different scents. Relaxed before the treatment and had the place to myself. Enjoyed the steam room and the cool plunge pool. Found out later the girlfriend tried everything and enjoyed it all.Booked the Honey Do treatment which includes 25 mins of private time in a whirlpool, followed by a couples swedish massage. Both were "eh." I never had a massage before so I have nothing to compare it to. Thus, I couldn't tell if it was good massage or bad massage. My girlfriend enjoyed hers though. I probably would come back if I am ever in Vegas again. It was relaxing and the facilities were very nice. I would probably just book separate massages though and save some $$$. My masseuse was very nice, knowing it was my first massage. Every other staff member was pleasant as well.
5	Went her with my mom and had a beautiful day. I had a mani/pedi and my mom had a massage and we both loved our services. Then we spent the rest of the day in the women locker room area. Sauna, steam room and jacuzzi. It's awesome. The spa is beautiful.
5	Just left! Followed the locals advice and booked the Honey-do package for my girlfriend and I for our anniversary, well what can I say.. AMAZING!!!! We went early to take advantage of the sun, pool, and indoor spa area. Finally came time for or services.. And it was perfectly romantic. The ambiance. The decor. The staff. The services. No complaints. Would recommend to anyone and everyone, except I want it to stay that hidden secret ;) Will most definitely be going back!
5	A must go to spa when you're in Vegas!
5	Great atmosphere for the prices!The staff is nice and professional. The massages that we recieved were done by employees of 6,8 years. Tells you something about the place huh..I love the couples area and the fact you do not have to ask for a juice or ask for fruit like other places (Mia) is cool to. I have been there several times and am sorry I did not post earlier.
5	Love love love this spa..it's quiet, clean, never crowded and the massage services are great! The scented showers are great too, you can choose from different "flavors". Best kept spa secret in Vegas! Locals get 20% discount on services too!
5	The Costa del Sur Spa at the South Point is an amazing local gem! The spa is comparable to many on the strip, and offers locals a great retreat from the hustle and bustle of Vegas. They offer locals discounts, and their full spa menu is available on their web site.The spa offers the normal amenities -- whirlpool, dip pools, steam and sauna along with a nice lounge and immaculate showers. I love the fact that each shower stall features a different fragrance of shower gel and shampoo.I booked my massage with Kevin. He is very personable and professional, and performed the best massage I have ever experienced. The massage rooms are immaculate and serene. I would definitely recommend Kevin for massage!The entire staff was very warm and professional. This was a great local spa experience!
4	If your looking for a good couples spa where you can enjoy the day together , instead of feeling separated , this is great place.   The facilities were really the draw here and it delivered.  They have a coed couples spa area with pool , jacuzzi , steam shower , sauna , and a unique massaging tub.   Then if you need some alone time they have a couples room with a jacuzzi in it along side the massage tables.  The massages them selves we're average at best but the staff and amenities made up for it .   They also offered us all day access to use the spa as we pleased.   We were not staying in the hotel so we didn't take advantage of it but I don't know to many spas that offer that.   The men's and woman's spa areas were just as nice if you didn't bring a bathing suit for the coed area.  Looking forward to coming back !
5	My friends and I were in Vegas celebrating my sisters 30th bday. We wanted to pamper ourselves but not brake the bank. We came across Costa Del Sur and thought we would give it a try after reading the other reviews. I called their front desk to set up the appointments for 5 of us. Two of our friends lived locally and immediately the receptions gave us all the "local" discount of 20% off. Score! On the morning of our massages, our group arrived about an hour early to check the place out. We are greeted at the front desk by a receptionist, read and signed a waiver and were given a tour of the facility. As we entered the spa, we were given a key for our locker and sandals to wear during our stay. (In the locker we found a really nice plush robe that was so warm and comfy) There was a sauna, steam room, Jacuzzi and pool. There was an abundant amount of lockers, bathrooms and showers. In the bathrooms and showers we found tons of cool products like great smelling shampoo's and conditioners, lotions, face cleaner and mouthwash. There was also a relaxing room with plush comfy chairs and a large flat screen T.V. We waited in this room for your masseuse to call us back for our appointments. The massage and the massage rooms were SO relaxing. I didn't want it to end. We even ordered a bottle of champagne and strawberries to enjoy before and after our massage and had them delivered to the relaxing room. The staff went above and beyond our expectations and provided top notch service. The spa was high end with a reasonable price tag, Especially in Vegas. Our group has decided to make this place our spa of choice when visiting Vegas. Ashley at the front will take great care of you!
5	This place is such a locals joint that I've walked by the spa a hundred time going to see a movie. But because of the 20% locals' discount they offer and because we needed a little spa time, we came here. Wow.... how delightful! My hubby and I did the "Private Party" for $350. We arrived 45 minutes before our appointment with our swim suits in hand. At check-in, we were escorted to separate lounges to change into our attire. From there we were joined again in the co-ed couple spa which was a giant hot tub, sauna and steam room. There were a few other couples there but we kept to ourselves. We relaxed in this area with free juices, some apples, water and free espressos (out of a machine). There were magazines for us to enjoy as well but we kept to dunking ourselves in the hot water and rotating through the sauna and steam rooms.They came and fetched us at our reserved time and took us to a private massage room with two massage beds and a giant glass shower with steam area. They gave us a heart-shaped dish with sugar scrub and 3 different clays to smear onto our bodies. The attendees left the room explaining they'd be back in 20 minutes to remind of us our massage schedules by blinking high and low the lights to the room. The room itself was dimly lit with twinkly LED lights that are in the ceiling. Atmospheric Asian inspired music played in the background which was soothing and not a distraction.We disrobed and entered into the shower and scrubbed the first layer of skin off each other with the sugar scrub. After a rinse off, we slathered on the different muds on our face and our bodies. The shower has at least 12 different heads where the water comes out of and it's a bit like being in a water fight and not being able to open your eyes if you're face the wrong way. Within the shower there is yet another glass door that leads to a small 2 person bench that you can sit in the steam and let the mud do it's work on your skin. We saw the lights flicker in the main room and knew it was time to rinse off again.Within minutes we climbed into the massage table beds and the attendants were back to give us each a 50 minute massage. The massages were Swedish style and though I didn't fall asleep, the massages were quite good. They really cover you with lots of layers blankets so if you're at all self-conscious about your body, you don't have to be. Personally I felt like the masseuse was spending too much time searching for my limbs to prepare for my massage each time she rotated around the table. But I guess that's standard procedure for this spa.After the massages we were invited to return to the couples area with the giant hot tub, sauna, and steam room. Instead I opted to return to the women's locker room/ lounge and shower again to remove all the oil that was rubbed into my hair during the massage. There were 8 showers in the women's locker room and each room had a different scented product for the hair and body. Cute idea.The few hours we spent in the spa were well worth the $280 we spent. The 20% discount we received basically went straight back to the tips we gave our masseuses. We'll be back again to try another couples' service. You can see a picture of the room we were in here: http://www.spacostadelsur.com/SpaMenu/index.html#/16
5	My honey and I had an amazing experience at Costa del Sur.  Honey surprised me with an orange blossom retreat. The couple package was totally worth the cost.   The facility had a women's and men's area for resting and relaxing. We both got ready, put on our bathing suites, robes and sandles and met each other in the couples lounge. The attendant gave me a tour and was very friendly and professional. She told me if I needed anything at anytime to let her know. I think that's great customer service.  They showed us where all amenities were located and offered us snacks (cheese, fruit and nuts) on a platter, beverages ( apple juice, v8, grape juice and plenty of cold water). We had a chance to enjoy a big hot tub to ourselves, sauna and the steam room for a good half an hour before our massage therapists took us to the massage room. We got into a lukewarm tub with room temperature coconut milk to soften the skin to prep before our wrap that contain AHA's. It ate away my old dead skin and made my skin ultra smooth and soft. The therapists exfoliated our bodies with a scrub and took hot towels to remove the grainules off our bodies. Then they poured oil into our hair and scalp and massaged all our stress away. I felt lightweight and felt  like I was transformed into a new person. After our retreat I had my alone time to relax in the women's lounge, swam in the pool, enjoyed the jacuzzi and took a nice hot shower.  The spa has everything even hair dryer and hair products to use. I didn't get the therapists names but they were outstanding.  We went there yesturday 2/16 @ 10:00 am appointment. My boyfriend says it was the best massage he's ever had. We will be back to this spa when we visit Las Vegas again.
5	Had a great experience with my boyfriend. We did the honey do package on a Sunday. We had the couples area to ourselves. The staff were great and super helpful. Loved my massage too! Only $30 cab trip from the center strip.
1	Went back a second time for a facial and had a horrible experience.  What is the point of a facial if you are not going to do extractions.  Won't be back here.
4	Nice little spa nestled in the corner of the South Point Hotel and Casino.I was here on vacation for a little R&R and wanted a massage. (I'm a former local, and heard this was a good place, and I happened to be staying at the resort).Anyway, they made a great first impression on me. I called the same day and they were able to fit me in. I booked a 50 minute Swedish massage. The girl on the other line (Jody, I think her name was?) was super friendly, bubbly, and patient (I couldn't remember my room number). Customer service is so important, so A+ to their spa reservations desk.I was given a tour by the young woman inside of the spa doors. She was thorough, cheerful, and nice. The spa itself is very clean and relaxing. There is a cold plunge pool, a jacuzzi, 2 cascading waterfall pools, a dry sauna, wet sauna, showers, and full vanities. There is also a relaxation room before appointments with teas, water, candles, and magazines. Nice!I got a massage from a really skilled woman, and she paid attention to what I wanted (shoulder and back work). She did a fantastic job and it was very relaxing. I only wish she had a firmer hand, but I didn't get a deep tissue -- so that was my fault. Still very enjoyable. The only thing I wish this spa did a little but better was inform guests of the amenities inside the spa when guests book appointments. Also kinda let us know what to bring. I didn't bring a swimsuit, so I didn't get to enjoy the pools :( Still, this is a fantastic spa with lots of friendly, welcoming people. You won't find snobbiness here! I'll be visiting the next time I stay at the South Point.
5	I have been getting facials for over 30 years, I have been to every spa  in Las Vegas and around the world. Recently I visited costa del sir don't and was introduced to the oxygen facials , which I know several of my friends get in Beverly Hills California. I am amazed at how my skin feels and looks after only three treatments. My aesthetician Frida introduced me to the facials and product and I have purchased the entire package that I use at home in between facials. I would highly recommend seeing Frida when  you visit South point casino- costa del sur spa. It has truly made a significant difference to my complexion. And I would recommend it to everyone!
4	What a great local gem! I had a body scrub and massage done by Joanne and both were great! The Vichy shower was so relaxing, it made my massage that much  better. I enjoyed the sauna and spa as well. Very clean and staff was friendly, will definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas,
5	Got my hairs "did" today and the experience was incredible.  the atmosphere was very relaxing and the staff was friendly and professional.  My stylist, Ann, is incredibly talented, engaging, and gorgeous to boot! The cut is perfect, the color is spot on.  5 stars does not do her justice!  You will not be disappointed!
5	We love this Spa! Perfect place to treat yourself or with your partner. They have a beautiful semi-private spa area for couples. The couples massage room has a romantic setting. Womens locker room is clean.  And they have a nice woman's lounge area and spa. The best Spa for locals with a 20% discount.
5	First time with my husband to get a massage!!! We loved it!!!! Great service and hands!!!! ;)
4	This was our first time here and we very much enjoyed everything! Amenities were great and staff were very good.  Eric and his team did well.  A locals must do.Bryan and Christy R
5	Was here last weekend and came back for more!  Staff were very good and helpful.  I had an 80 minute massage and it was very good.  I love the sauna, steam and jacuzzi!  Perfect way to spend a Saturday!  I will definitely be back soon!
5	Nicely done spa. Price includes admission to the pool area and fitness room. There's a separate couples area which has bottled water, juices, coffee, tea, jacuzzi and saunas. Adrian gives the best neck massage. Highly recommended.
