5	I went to Office Depot to do some faxes because our fax machine broke.The place looked very organized and the employees there were very helpful. When I found out how much the prices are now a days for faxes I just stopped to think. Wow that's alot....The first page was $1.99 and every page after that was a dollar and I had about 50 pages to fax. So I called my bf and he says not to do it. We will probably get a new fax maching or try to fix this one.Overall my experience with Office Depot was very good. Their employees were very nice and helpful. The prices for faxing for me was very high but i guess that is the average price for faxing.
3	The staff is helpful if you can find them. I just usually get things on my own. Well stocked with all the office supplies you could need. The store is clean.
1	I've used print shops all over the valley and this one (as well as the Office Depot at Charleston and Decatur) is one of the worst. Nobody is knowledgeable about their printing products or the software needed to effectively complete print jobs. Nearly every single time I go in there (which has been quite often in the past because it's so close to my house), the person in the print center "doesn't actually work in this department" and seems to be covering for whoever is supposed to be working there at any given time.  When I do manage to finally get an employee of the print department, they take forever and try to help 4 people at once, causing everyone to have to wait. I am not exaggerating when I say I have spent 45 minutes trying to get 2 documents printed. When I finally got fed up and left, there was no apology of any kind for my inconvenience. This has happened more than once.In the past I have also tried using their website to upload my documents so that they will be printed and ready to go by the time I get there. That never happens. Every time I have tried this route, my order sits on the computer and isn't even looked at until I arrive at the store, HOURS later. Sometimes even the next day. Quite often when I have been in the store, other people have come to pick up their orders and have faced the same issue. Nobody, including myself, has ever received an apology or explanation.Now I only go there when absolutely necessary and only for simple BW, letter sized documents because they simply cannot handle anything more complicated than that.I recommend the Office Max at Sahara and Decatur instead. They know what they're doing, they're fast and they're inexpensive.
4	I go to this office depot all the time.. Nice clean and very helpful.. Also right around the corner from my house
3	Customer service is a hit and miss at this Office Depot, this past Saturday CC was great. Came in today Monday and the customer service manager less the polite. Could not find my pick up order got impatient, there was less then a dozen items there. Then implied my book had broken her machine, with the comment "see this machine it's going to be broken for a week". Perhaps someone needs to learn a little customer service.
3	This is a rather desolate Office Depot located on Tropicana. Staff seems nice enough but it feels uncomfortable to browse around because it's so empty. There were a lot of sales when we went, probably in time for Christmas.
