5	This is such an ethical and truly genuine rescue. They go above and beyond for their animals and it really shows. All they want is to give their dogs a wonderful forever home and they do everything in their power to ensure that. Karen, the owner, is very responsive, thorough and helpful. She has devoted herself to these animals, which is amazing in and of itself. I worked with Karen as a foster mom for a beautifully wonderful dog. She coached me through the process, helped me get the medical attention the dog needed and gave me so much advice. This rescue is filled with genuine people who go above and beyond. There aren't enough kind things I can say about them. 2 Da Rescue all the way!!
1	Contacted Karen at 2 Da Rescue about a dog they had available for adoption and asked what the breed was of the dog.  Told her we were interested in adopting with the only condition that it was not a Pit Bull breed or mix as we have very small children.  She told us over email that it was not, She told us it was a boxer / rhodesian ridgeback mix.  We met the rescue group at a Petco adoption day and asked about the puppy, one of the volunteers informed us that it was a pit bull mix and when we finally saw the dog it looked 100% pit bull.  Apparently Karen was there and overheard the volunteer tell us that and she immediately jumped all over him trying to quiet him and told him not to disclose that specific breed.  Now I have had several boxers and have friends with rhodesian ridgebacks and am very familiar with the breed.  The dog was of neither decent. Beware when working with this group that they will Lie directly to you.  After doing some more research about this group there are complaints from other people on RipoffReport.com complaining about the unethical nature of the group and specifically Karen.  Along with problems with the pets adopted from the group not being cared for properly and infested with ticks and fleas and the group is not taking care of these types of things.  Very disappointing.
5	Great organization!!They really care about the dogs here and do anything they can to make sure they are healthy and happy.Adoption is always a smooth process, and Karen always makes sure that you are happy with your dog.I adopted a little puppy from them and the adoption fee was $200. It covered the neuter, the microchip, and all the vaccines. So happy with my little guy :)Would definitely recommend!
