4	Welcome back! I never went to the last location of the Real McCoy because they didn't have seating inside and honestly it was kinda dingy looking in spite of the good reviews. The new location still doesn't have seating, but it is clean and shiny. When they re-opened closer to my neck of the woods on Carson Street, I had to check them out to see what the fuss was about. They do make a damned good hoagie - love the pepper relish. Tips: * They have been regularly running out of rolls and meats since they re-opened, so make sure you get there early in spite of them saying they are open till 7PM.* You will probably still have to stand in line, but the line does move quickly. * Enjoy the people-watching as all walks of Pittsburgh life love this establishment - from contractors to businessmen to tattoo artists. * Order the original with the standard toppings.
5	The Real McCoy is a South Side staple. It simply "is what it is". It's not fancy, it's just honest, inexpensive and delicious. Order the "Original" just as it comes. Not sure how a cold hoagie can becomes so much more than a sandwich, but it does! Once you eat there a few times you'll find yourself craving one from time to time.
3	Overall this place is pretty good! I usually walk down here to get a sandwich on my lunch break. The meatball sandwich is pretty good! Also the employees are super friendly, very laid back environment, and they talk to you like they've known you forever. Great atmosphere!
5	ONLY TWO REVIEWS??!!!??!  Seriously, Yelpiverse.  I know Real McCoy had a previous listing before closing, moving and reopening, but even the old listing had only 12 reviews.  It's possible people are overwhelmed with the number of options in the South Side, I get that.  But if you're looking for a great cheap sandwich place, eventually you have to come to Real McCoy.  I spent my time living in the South Side and patronized the old location on numerous occasions.  The new location is definitely a step up (no pun intended as the old location had steps at the street entrance).  They're still serving up some of the best sandwiches at some of the best prices around.  You'll still get great service.  The new location is bigger and offers seating as well.  On my last visit, I went with the classic Real McCoy sandwich to go.  Sure, I had just left another sandwich shop but while driving down East Carson Street, I just couldn't pass up Real McCoy.  And that sandwich with those peppers seeping their juices into the bread, on top of that meat and cheese....it tasted better than I remembered.  And the fact that I could add a Schneider's orange drink for just a few cents more?  Pittsburgh perfection.
