4	I use this bank often to make deposits for the bossman, and only through the drive-thru. The tellers are always courteous and quick. Nothin' to complain about!
4	I was really torn about closing my account here because the service is always friendly and helpful and most Chase branches have a very modern, clean, efficient layout that makes me comfortable and feel like my money (or lack thereof) is being looked after. However as I continue my crusade to shift as much spending and financial transacting as possible to Arizona business, banking is at the top of my list so I have switched to Arizona State Credit Union. While I would love to see everyone support local financial institutions I understand that a national bank is better for some people. If this is the case, I would recommend Chase for friendly, convenient service.Trust me, I ain't shedding NO tears when I break up with Bank of America.
1	Take your business elsewhere! Don't go through the pain and suffering I went through. Chase took about 5 years off of my life. I made the mistake of  using Chase as my mortgage lender, and it was one of the most frustrating experiences I've ever endured. Robert Page, my mortgage lender, said that we would close on October 16th. Then he pushed it back until October 18th. Then he pushed it back until October 21st citing some ridiculous reason. Of course, we couldn't close on the 21 because of another ridiculous reason, so Robert pushed it back until October 25th. You see the trend? Then, we were supposed to close on October 28th....which didn't happen either. If you can't close on a certain date, then don't make a promise. It's that easy! I would have been much happier if you told me from the beginning that we wouldn't be able to close until October 29th...in which case I could have chosen a different lender.The situation got so bad that I had to reach out to Robert's boss, David Campbell. He said he would "take care of us" which is also another broken promise. In an effort to rectify the situation, Chase promised to reimburse us for the rent we had to pay when we couldn't move in on October 16th. Of course, they reneged on that as well.If you love being lied to, then Chase is the way to go for your mortgage! I had a terrible experience getting a mortgage at Chase. I had to call multiple managers at Chase before anything was done. They reimbursed me about $1000 for all the headache and bad information they gave me. $1000 seems like a lot, but they should have given us at least $3,000 back for deceiving us. If I could go back, I would have gone to a federal credit union for my mortgage.
4	I had to do some business here and came to this location because it was near my title company.  It was clean, quiet, and the staff was very friendly and helpful.  One of the guys was even a little bit funny and cute too *wink wink if you're reading this*.But the location is horrible.  Try hitting the bank at 8 am or 4pm here and it's just horrible.  First of all there isn't enough parking for us normal people with normal small cars so I don't know how a giant SUV would fit in.  I swear I saw more handicap parking then I did regular parking which made me do a double check to make sure I didn't stumble into sun city because we all know they need a million spots there.I managed to find what appeared to be one of two spots open, however if anyone would have parked next to me, I don't know how I would have backed out of there.  And when you pull out, I had to back tract the opposite direction because of the fact that traffic was so bad, it's impossible to make a left hand turn.I really love the bank, the workers, etc.  But the location is the worst considering all the other options around they could have picked.  Let me remind everyone my experience is only based on banking, not on loans of any sort.  Otherwise I've been pretty happy with them.
2	Went to get a safe deposit box and it was an absolute disaster.They couldn't find keys, they couldn't working boxes, they didn't know what they really had, etc...After 35 minutes, we gave up and left.Update:  They called me back after sorting everything out.  Because of the horrible experience, they comp'ed the box for the first year.
