4	I like this store so much so that I've decided to Yelp about it. Yes, that's right, I'm Yelping about Bashas.  : P This particular store is great.  First off, they provide plenty of covered parking spaces which is great during those Arizona summers and they're always so freaking friendly here!  I guess I love this store so much because their setup makes sense, it's never too busy (which could also be a bad thing, but I hate shopping when it's uber busy), and I've never had a bad customer service experience here.  The deli is clean and their lunchmeat is always so fresh.  They'll also cook a pizza for you while you shop, which, by the way, is pretty good pizza for a grocery store.  Bottomline, I'm glad that you are in my neighborhood Bashas... just don't go closing on me now!
3	Good grocery store.  Nothing hyper-special about it.  Pretty standard stuff.  Sometimes they have really good sales (like whole chickens today).  But you have to have their "Thank You Card" to get the sales, which sorta sucks.  But most of them do that (except Albertson's).
5	I love this Basha's!! The staff at the registers are always so pleasant - especially the ladies. Their pizza - in the deli - is yummy! Call in your order and pick up a hot pie!Their donuts are always fresh and delish. They make them in the store! Fridays are a good deal - buy 1 dz get 6 free:)We love their bagels - made in store too!!! Always clean. Always well stocked.
5	Visiting from CA and my fellow traveler recommended we stop in here to pick up a few things. Nice layout and good prices.  My only complaint is the bananas were green.  I appreciate that at home so they last longer, but when wanting to eat one now it kinda sucks.  Matt the cashier was very friendly and cool as was the bag boy.  Nice place...he said it's family owned and operated.  Like it better than Sprouts which they have in SoCal.
5	This store is wonderful.  They have great produce, meat dept.  and an amazing staff.  The girls at this Starbucks make the drinks PERFECT.  They are super sweet, too.  I love the hot, prepared foods here, too.  A much better and healthier alternative to fast food.  They are local and keep tax money in Chandler.  I will continue to support them.
