5	great to do business with. personnel are A++++++++++++  if u need a plumber this is the company to use.
4	When we had a hard freeze on January 14, 2013, we called our buddies at RAKEMAN plumbing. I call them our bubbies because they have helped us out before. This time our water softner loop/spigot to the outside of our garage wall gave in to the freezing temps. We called and they appeared. They must have been crazy busy, but they had a "technician" at our house in about an hour. Corky showed up ready to go to battle with the frozen pipes. Within minutes he had it narrowed down to the stub-out for the garden spigot. Fixed it pronto and charged us a very reasonable rate. Considering the amount of calls he had yet to answer and the potential damage, he could have charged us almost anything. Not Corky....we would have him back anytime. These are GOOD PEOPLE at RAKEMAN ! ! If you want it done right, done fast, and don't want to be over-charged, RAKEMAN is (are) the people you want to call.
5	Very polite service when I called Rakeman plumbing yesterday.  Charlie was at my house within the hour without having to pay a diagnostic fee as with two other plumbers I called.  Fantastic service, polite, efficient and knowledgeable.  Will definitely use again.  Thank you Charlie!
5	I am amazed at this story about Rakeman's Plumbing in North Las Vegas and I want to thank them for being an honest business that goes the extra mile for loyal customers - a rarity in Las Vegas, in my experience. My elderly mom and dad have encountered several scams and "elder abuse" monetary issues in managing their home in Las Vegas since 1995. I have taken a few of these on for them from Los Angeles (the least of which was Home Depot, who eventually made good on the $500 issue) because they are simply not tech savvy enough - although they are intelligent - to maneuver today's complex digital business world when things go wrong - they've been retired for 20+ years.So I was grateful when they used Rakeman's for a couple of bigger plumbing jobs on their house and they seemed satisfied and felt the pricing was fair. Then recently, they had a toilet issue, so they dropped into Rakeman's to ask if it was something they could help them to fix. To my amazement, one of the Rakeman workers went to my parent's house and fixed the toilet for FREE. This just does not happen in most places. Please support this extremely decent business - who does good work at a fair price - and values human beings over hourly billings. It meant the world to my folks and to me for them to be treated so well.
5	Awesome service ! Had a water heater installed by another "lesser" company who wouldn't come out and fix it inside the warranty period without charging me on top !! Staff who helped me with thewarranty were excellent (Wendy) and Rakeman sent a technician (Junior) out within a few hours who was fantastic. First rate job, very professional and will definately use them from now on !!
5	We have a mobile home and a problem with the bathtub draining. We had Charlie come out, long story short. Charlie and Gary came out had to go under the trailer to fix the problem. One and a half hours later all was fixed.Reasonable price and great guys to do the job. Will definitely call them again when we have a problem. Thanks guys!
1	these people are among the worst... I call them Rapeman because they are a total rip-off.   If you know anything about plumbing watch the work they do. Pipes are to flow down not up, and that is just the start. Over charging, doing work that really wasn't needed and so on. It's been a few years and every time I see their trucks I still scream....One of the reasons you see so many new plumbing companies in town is because all the good people they had working left and started their  companies or to work with places they get treated much better
