4	I've driven by South 21 for years and never went in until one day...and I'm glad I did.  The food is great. Onion Rings are among the best I've had anywhere.  The inside resembles a 50's diner with the chrome and shiny vinyl.  When I'm ready for a burger again, I'll skip the fast food joints and head straight to South 21
5	God bless these arteries cuz I love their onion rings!  Crispy, breaded, fresh, hmm mmm!  South 21 is a Charlotte chain that has a 50 year history of serving good good.  It's essentially a 50's diner before folks got into the low-fat, no trans fat, reduced fat hoopla.  But did I mention the food is made to order?  The burgers are thin, but charbroiled.  Get the Superboy for $4.  Its double meat, cheese, and toppings. Also, they have daily specials for $5, like fried chicken, trout, hamburger steak with fries/onion rings, and a drink.  You can't go wrong with their specials.  I highly recommended  South 21 for residents and visitors in Charlotte/Matthews.  The cashiers are friendly, service is fast, and its family friendly.  Distinctly Southern in service, vintage in decor, and top-notch in flavor.  Ya'll go get check it out, ya hear?
5	I love the fried trout.
4	Great Shakes, burgers and dogs here.  They finally started taking credit cards 2 years ago which was a welcome change by all.  You order your food togo and get through the drive thru!  I mean let's face it, we are lazy so having that option at a place thats not your everyday fast food thats served billions or insist on doing it your way, is nice :-)
1	This might just be the worst fried-chicken I've ever had in my life. I tried it several years ago the first time and was disappointed and recently went back to give it another try. The breading has no flavor what-so-ever. It's like it's been "flash-fried" to where it was severely overcooked on the outside (I remember it was the same way the previous time..I just figured that was a "bad day".) The meat within was nearly dried out. I had to resort to a childhood method of dipping it in ketchup to get some taste. I can't really give the whole restaurant a terrible rating because I will admit they've got pretty good onion rings. I may have to go back someday to try something different to give them some sort of redemption.Your pal,Walter
4	I'm a big cheeseburger fan.  I am always seeking out a great burger.  South 21's Super Boy fits that bill for me.  When you first walk into this place, you're thrown back to the good old days.  The checkered floor, red seats and chrome accents all add to the appeal, IMO.I've only ever had the Super Boy here, and to me it lives up to it's name.  Two nice beef patties, mustard, lettuce, tomato, onions on a nice fresh bun with a side of golden fries.  Wash it down with a nice cold Coke and it's hard to beat for a $6 lunch. I'm sorry I can't review anything else on the menu, I've been to South 21 5 or 6 times and love the Super Boy so much that I can't order anything else!  (I have actually tasted the onion rings here and they're quite good too!)I recommend that if you like a good old fashioned American classic cheeseburger and you're in the area, give South 21 a try.  You won't likely be disappointed!
5	We love the fried chicken here as I can't say I have had any better at any other restaurant. No, it's not seasoned to the gills like some are. They have salt and pepper on the table if that is what you want and hot sauce if you ask. The chicken though is so well cooked and wasn't dripping in grease as so many other places are. It was allowed to drain properly. Also, I can't even begin to explain just how juicy the chicken was. As soon as you bit into it the juices would just flow. So tender and delectable. The sweet ice tea was just right. Not to sweet but right on the money made with that type of crushed ice that most just love to crunch on.The fries are just fries and the slaw, well, slaw but they ain't what everybody is there for. It's all about the chicken Ya'll.   ;-)
2	I went here because of the tv show diner drive in and dives well Guy the host must have thought why did they bring me here because the food was just OK. I ahd a chicken sandwhich and onion rings ive had waaaay better
3	South 21 is something of an institution in Charlotte - but though they share a name with the other location(s), they aren't exactly the same. The Independence location is the original, and you can tell the difference in the burger and in the experience - here you get a nice diner-like feel, which is better than McDonald's, but it's definitely not Independence.I don't know why they are so different. Probably years of grease built up on the grill or something that I don't want to know. Maybe it is the server. In Matthews, you have a much younger staff. They are friendly, but it is much different. But their food is just good, not great, and not generally worth making a special trip. Worth it if you are in the area, however, be aware that certain items are probably better than others.The burger is definitely at the top of the list. The chicken, fish and others? Probably not so much.
4	What a gnarly little place. Plain and simple, this place is a slice of Charlotte history. I have friends who came here for their birthdays when they were children. It's your stereotypical burger joint with all of the American fare you can find yourself wanting.Known for their trademarked "Super Boy," I had to oblige on my first visit. Sesame seed bun, lettuce, tomato, two flat-grilled beef patties, onions, mustard, and pickles. No cockamamie or gimmicky "special sauce." Just mustard. It's a true, blue American style burger. I can't say it's the best burger I've ever had, but for what South 21 stands for, chalk me up as a believer. I'll drink the kool aid any day when it comes to the super boy. The rest of the  menu is plain. Simple. Great for kids.Now, this location isn't my favorite. It's on the other side of the earth off of Independence....which is never anyone's favorite road to traverse. I'd definitely come back if we were to visit with friends, children in tow, and in the area. Would I drive all the way from Uptown for a Super Boy? Probably not. I'll hit the drive-in closer to town. Glad I got to check out this location!
4	Went here for dinner. Really awesome place! My cousin worked at the original South 21, so this place is dear to my heart. The onion rings are simply the best you will ever have. I would say instead of handing me a salt packet, they should salt their own fries wen they come out of the fryer. Other than that, awesome family place!
3	Went to South 21 for dinner again and ordered my food to go and went to the restroom. That is the sole reason I am giving one of my favorite restaurants a lower review. The bathroom did not impress at all and was quite dirty, dark, and dinghy.
2	I have been wanting to try this place for a really long time. I thought it was going to be extremely good. I was disappointed. I got take out from the drive thru. They said it would take 10-15 minutes. I got there right on time and started eating in the car. The burgers were already cold. The lettuce was watery and tomato was bad. The lettuce water made the bun wet and mushy. The meat was cold. They forgot to put mustard on them too. The fries were cold and soggy. The potato salad was awful. The milkshakes weren't very good either. I prefer 5 guys, bad daddy's or zacks hamburgers.
