3	If I could these guys would get an extra .5 stars. They were above average for a fast food establishment.Auntie Anne's was the beacon of happiness in my dreary day at the airport. I spent almost 8 hours waiting for a plane but I was excited that I could justify splurging on junk food because it was my only option. I have to admit I like their pretzels. They're crunchy and buttery on the outside and warm and soft on the inside. My  favorite is the Jalapeno, but skip the cheese sauce. It tastes like plastic. Otherwise... It's cheap for airport food, it's yummy, and the line was looong but I waited less than 5 minutes! Awesome!
4	Yummy!! Good ol' fashioned terrible for you junk-food always hits the spot before going home after a great vacation. You are depressed, and you need something to fill that void- badly. Auntie Anne's cinnamon-sugar dipped pretzel will do just that. It is greasy, cinnamony, sugary, and all-around DELICIOUS. I don't want to know what is in it and or the calorie information, all I need to know is that it does the trick.
1	I don't care how good food is, or how much I love a place, it only takes one bad customer service experience to ruin it all. This review goes from bad...to better. I was in Vegas waiting to fly home and decided to take the kiddos for pretzels; plus I needed my sugar fix. I wont get into details but the two girls working were a mess. The one taking my order was confused and seemed to lack customer service skills in a major way. Almost like she was scared of working w/ppl. Wrong job sweetie. The other was preparing food and not dealing with me at all, but kept poking her head in and commenting on what was going on. There was bad communication, I got confused, the cashier was confused and the nosy chic on the side just kept making in worse. Lets just say I paid and walked away in the middle of Ms. Nosy talking. So that's the bad part. The better part is this: I was venting on twitter when I got a msg from Auntie Annes apologizing and asking about my experience. This company is a franchise and that one location will not keep me from visiting others. I wont let them spoil it for me. The tweet from the rep just made me feel better and I was thankful they cared enough to listen. So boo on you Auntie Annes at Vegas Airport! And yay to you Auntie Annes on Twitter!
1	My rating on this particular location will never change. But I will say this, corporate sent me a wonderful letter and gift card in the mail because of my yucky experience and that made me appreciate the company as a whole. But you Vegas girls need to get with it!
4	I'm not big on pretzels, but last time I was flying out of Vegas late at night, I grabbed a snack and was pleased when I got two pretzels for the price of one.  This time I went back and didn't get such a deal.  Apparently, they close at 12am, and for the last 15 minutes, they blow out their food for the day.  If you can show, up at 11:45pm and you can get 2 for 1!
3	Since my carb trip was almost over, I had to get the final carb before heading back home.  I got a jalapeno pretzel for my husband and bits of pretzel in a cup for myself.  The jalapeno was super spicy but the pretzel was good.  The person behind the counter could have been a bit more pleasant.
3	Service is mediocre, but I that won't stop me from coming here. I love the pretzle recipe here. Delish!!
3	Two pretzel dogs for $7. That's $1 more than the deal at Dulles.Same quick, fast, friendly service. Watched my brother wolf these two down faster than he did the two from Dulles.
3	At the airport at 5:30 AM, starving since I haven't eaten in about an hour, and with nothing else open...my choices are slim. There's a Starbucks open but the line was crazy long. So, it's Auntie Anne's Pretzels for breaking the fast.  Customer service was okay, but could be better.  The line was quick, but I was the only one in it. Then there's the food. I got their Bacon, Egg, and Cheese Sandwich.  The sandwich was small, greasy, burnt, and did not hit the spot.  The sandwich looked like McDonald's version, but nowhere close to their taste.  Sad when McDonalds is the benchmark.  Good thing I packed some turkey meatballs, chicken breast, and shake for the flight.I guess I should just stick to what they are known for, which is pretzels.  Not the best choice for meal #2, but it's still food.  First time ever eating from Auntie Anne's Pretzels and was little disappointed. Still giving them 3 stars because its basically fast food and you get what you pay for.
5	Wonderful in two visits: Perfectly hot and fresh with just the right amount of butter and salt. And noteworthily pleasant service!
2	I was looking for some vegan friendly spots in the airport and found out that anne's pretzel dough is free of animal products.  The catch, however, is that most of the pretzels served here are drenched in butter.  They may have some straight from the oven that haven't been buttered yet, but other than that, most items are glazed before sale.  Besides that disappointment, service is pretty crappy and prices are inflated, of course.Try to bring your own snacks to the airport if you can.
3	I do like the cinnamon sugar pretzels and the bites and the pretzel dogs.  This time the bites were a bit over cooked or sat around too long as they were chewy in a bad way.  Taste was okay, texture not, calories definitely not.
1	Ew.It was 11pm and I was waiting to take my red-eye flight home.  I hadn't eaten in who knows how many hours.  I was so excited when I saw Auntie Anne's.  I wanted a warm, soft, salty pretzel with cheese sauce.  It was going to be glorious.What I got was a room temperature, not very soft, not very salty pretzel with a pre-packaged cheese sauce that when opened was the most rancid-looking cheese I've ever seen.  It had separated and had this oily, congealed texture.  I really wanted cheese sauce so I gathered up all my luggage and trekked it back up there.  I showed them the cheese sauce and I asked "is this how it's supposed to look?"  The girl made a face and handed me another one.  I checked the new one.  Ew.  Same thing.  She gave me a third one.   This one didn't look as bad but it didn't look that good either.  I debated whether I should give this one a go and asked for sweet mustard as a back-up.Go back to my gate and get settled in.  I try both of the sauces.  Double ew.  They're just gross.  Even the sweet mustard which I'd think it'd be hard to mess up tasted too sweet and yet, bitter.In conclusion, ew.  http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6qwn19mI31qkmqj8o1_500.gif
3	The only thing I can say is average and pretty much the same as any other mall pretzel establishment. I asked for mustard and received a strange response from the girl working the register. She says "mustard? On a pretzel?  Eweue...  I only like mustard on the 'dogs". The funny part was the unusually large canister of mustard packets was nearing empty. They could apply more butter and a bit dry but it's in an airport and poop tastes good if it's prepared right.
4	4 stars because when my gf and I were waiting at the airport, we were craving pretzels. Not only that but they were still fresh even at the end of the night! We even got it buy one get one free since they were about to close. So soft, luscious, and love all the cinnamon sugars on it!
4	I stopped here to grab a snack before I had to board my connecting flight.I ordered just one Jalapeno Pretzel. The woman who helped me was named Rosana. She asked me if I had one of those frequent purchase cards, sadly I had a Wetzels Pretzels. She gave me a card that has information about an app for Aunite Anne's Pretzels rewards program. She also asked me if I wanted to donated a $1 to the children's hospital, which I did. To top it all off she gave me a $1 off coupon for next time. Rosana was extremely professional and exhibited excellent customer service skills. The counter top area was clean and organized and the pretzel was delicious and freshly made. I was very happy with my quick stop here.
5	They are the only business open at 1 a.m. this morning.  They could sell us hard,  cold pretzels but they didn't.  They made a fresh batch of yummy pretzels.They also provided cold juices and drinks to stranded passengers.The customer service available when most other food providers are sleeping is AMAZING! Great staff with a wonderful smile to greet desperate flight weary people.Did I mention that the shop was super clean,  well organized and the pretzels were hot and fresh. Located in Terminal 3 by United Airlines gates. Enjoy yourselves. The pretzels have milk and flour in them so they are nutritious - Smiles!
1	I've never once been able to get a pretzel dog at the McCarran Airport location, unless I wanted (was able) to wait for them to cook up a batch (we're usually in a bit of a hurry when at an airport, no?). Not once have they had pretzel dogs ready to buy when I've been there; hoping others have had better luck.
3	Affordable snack in the airport. Under $4 for a pretzel to tie you over. Different toppings and sauces for you to choose from and they had samples for you to try while waiting in line. Fast service.
