1	These guys are terrible.  They charged me to topp off fluids and check my tires, etc.  When I started the car to drive away the low coolant li8ght came on and they had to add fluids.  They told me all 4 tires had 5/32 left the rear tires have 75,000 miles on them the front have 15,0000.  They did not put a sticker saying when the next oil change is due, I have driven the car 100 miles and the change oil message just came on.I give them 1 star because it will not let me post without giving at one.  I would give them a negative if I could.This is a terrible dealership
1	Horrible experience here recently with their repair service and how it related to my Geico insurance claim.  I took the car in for what was supposed to be a 4 day repair, Kenny Ross wound up taking almost 2 weeks to do the body and mechanical repair.  The body work turned out nice but when I picked up my car when I was told that it was done I drove it to Route 88 and within 2 minutes of leaving their lot I could still hear the same suspension issues on the car that I initially reported to the dealership.  I refused to have the car looked at again by Kenny Ross.  I had Geico take it to another shop to see what the issues were and somehow Kenny Ross missed a bent frame.  How does that happen?  I called the shop and talked to the shop manager who tried to pass the blame to the non mechanics at Geico.  I asked for some follow up as to whether my car was really road tested after the repair work was done and never received it.  The work was lazy.
5	I took my Civic in to get fixed by Geico Auto Repair Xpress after I was rear-ended in a little fender bender. I only had 2 punctures in my bumper and it was popped out, but I figured I should get it taken care of. This location was convenient for me and it was easy to drop my car off and get a rental in about 20 mins around 8:30am on a Thursday. Nate from Geico was a pleasure to deal with, as was Robert from Enterprise. Nate called me later that day to let me know what the work would entail, how much it would cost (though ultimately free to me), and that it should be done by the end of the day. My bumper was fixed by 4:30pm the same day, but since they close at 5pm and I wasn't sure I'd make it, I was allowed to just bring the rental back in the morning and pick up my car. The work looks great and I was out of there within 5 mins! Nice to have a brand new-looking back side without having to pay a dime. I was a little weary to bother with all of this beforehand since I had never had an auto repair claim before, but it was no fuss, no muss. Could not have gone smoother. Would definitely recommend.
1	This place is terrible.In 2012 I bought a Ford Fiesta from Kenny Ross South, the process was less than desirable, I felt pressured into purchasing the extended warranty by not only the salesman but then the sales manager as well, so much that I ended up just giving in and purchasing it. I then took the car in for the complimentary first oil change, which took over an hour to complete, which I feel is way too long. The receipt said the cost would have been around $50 so I knew I was never going back to Kenny Ross.I'm having a couple small issues with my car, hatch not holding itself up, loose speaker wire, etc. Things that should be covered under that warranty I purchased, so I decided to make an appointment to get it looked at. When I went to their website to find their number I was instantly greeted with a tool to make a service appointment online. I thought perfect, easy, wonderful. I showed up at my appointment time this morning and was told that if I make an appointment online it doesn't show up in their system, and that they wouldn't be able to get to my vehicle because they were booked solid for the next few weeks. So I made a real appointment in a few weeks to get the service I was expecting today, not to mention wasting the day I took off of work to get my car looked at.The only thing that's saving their one star rating is the man I talked to at the service desk was very apologetic and nice about the situation, despite not being able to help me. I understood there was really nothing he could do, but someone definitely needs to look into their online appointment system, I don't believe that I have been the only person this has happened to.
1	Worst experience ever- not just with vehicle service, with any transaction to date.  If there was an option for no stars I would have chose that.  Had an appointment for state inspection, wiper blade, and oil change.  Showed up and Chris in service explained that he didn't have my appointment for the inspection and wasn't sure if they would have time.  I explained that I had made arrangements for someone to pick me up because I had the appointment made. He then said well, let me check to see if I can fit you in.  I had an appointment so fitting me in shouldn't have been an issue (later he admitted that I did have an appointment for the inspection).  He then asked me for my registration and insurance, I have a company fleet vehicle so everything comes from them. He didn't like the way the national company had registered the vehicle and made a comment about that.  I could not locate the current insurance card, and wanted to call to see if we could get the updated card sent. Chris didn't have a fax machine and only would accept an email which was fine. I called the insurance company and hey couldn't send the new card until Monday.  I simply asked Chris if the inspection could be performed and have the sticker held until Monday.  Chris preceded to yell at me in the office in front of other people, tell me he didn't need more want my business and told me to leave.  On my way out, I began to cry which usually doesn't happen, but I have never been treated that way. The gentleman in the car bay asked me what happened and I started to tell him.  Chris aggressively came out to my car window and asked me if I had a complaint, he said leave we don't want your business.  I said that's fine I'm still calling your manager, he said he was calling my manager as well.  Again, Chris showing his level of education which I would I guess might not even include a hs diploma.  I went in and spoke to Chris the sales mgr who was professional and tried to be helpful.  He called Kevin Anderson, the service manager and unfortunately for Kevin, I could hear his conversation.  Chris had already called Kevin to cover himself and Kevin said he didn't want my business.  I have never experienced such poor customer service in my life.  Not only was I treated poorly, I was completely disrespected as a person.  I will make it a point to spread the word about how terrible my experience was!
5	Best car purchase experience to date. They truly worked as a team and were patient with us as we had our 9 month old in tow. The negotiation process and customer service were beyond expectation. Thank you! We love our new Ford Explorer!
1	I had puchased a 2010 focus new from this location because I live in the area. With ten thousand miles the car would not go into reverse. They said it was the clutch, wear and tear. I've driven a standard my entire life, I'm fifty five. This was not covered under the extended warranty. I thought as a new customer this should have been taken care of by the dealership or the big ford in the sky. Nope, I shelled out 1,200 for the clutch issue. One month later it wouldn't go into reverse. Transmission all along,drove to another dealer and traded in on a fiesta.The car was used, ten thousand miles,I have had it for a year and a few months and in the  last two weeks the engine panel would begin to light up and then, brakes , power steering, and anything else to get off the road would not work. I called Kenny Ross and told them I was going to have this car towed to there dealer, I wasn't sure if it was the electrical system or the transmission. This was Monday the day before the eve of the new year. Astonishingly, they told me the car would not be able to be looked at for a week, and if it was the transmission a month. They have one transmission guy. As I sat by the side of the road, for twenty minutes, I turned the ignition,(this has worked before) and the engine turned on, I called my friend and asked her to drive me to the Toyota dealer. Purchased a Toyota. The service is horrible at the south hills Kenny Ross, and all the ford dealers agree, they have a bad reputation. Run don't walk to your nearest Toyota dealer.
