5	Impressive collection of local artist handcrafted work - pottery, wood, tile, glass, paper, jewelry, fiber...so many beautiful things to look at and touch. Everytime I stop in I end up finding something special, either for myself or as a gift -  Knowledgeable and friendly staff - a definite yes!
5	I met a friend for coffee at AJs the other morning and she told me about this place right across the street, so we walked over.  I was impressed.  A large selection of hand made items from local folks who are clearly doing what they love.  I really liked the pottery/ceramic work made with little found objects by the artist from Jerome.  I also liked the woodwork -- bowls, small furniture etc.  Practical art also adds to the events downtown by having shows/meet & greets on Fridays with certain artists.  A great addition to the central corridor.
4	I just sort of wandered into this place while shopping at other stores in the same neighborhood, and i am glad that i did. Its a great concept usable art. The store has a range of items to purchase from bowls and knives to night lights and journals. Everything is made by local artist and the staff was very friendly and helpful. I bought a few things and would definitely shop there again.
4	The first time I walked into Practical Art was around Christmas 2008, I was in a shopping mood and had great fun in picking out unique gifts for some friends and family.  There are so many choices of ceramics and pottery that were absolutely beautiful!  It was difficult to not buy everything in the store!  Especially when the nice shop gal was so helpful and told me everything was made by locals.  I've returned a few times since then to either just look or grab another perfect gift.  If anything, you should go in just to take a peek and who knows.... you will probably come home with a little something for yourself or find the perfect gift!
4	I'm really quite surprised I have never reviewed this place.  In an effort to try and keep our Christmas shopping as local as possible this year, we decided to check out Practical Art and see what they had.  They have quite an impressive array of "practical art" ranging from rustic pottery, fallen mesquite French Rolling Pins, glass handled silverware, knitted items, glass items, and everything in between.  I fondled the rolling pins for a time that could be deemed inappropriate but they are beautiful.  No trees were harmed in the process of making those beautiful babies.  They also had a cute Christmas display of glass and metal ornaments at the checkout counter and we couldn't help but buy a beautiful orange glass snowflake.  This is a really great store where you could probably find a unique and beautiful gift for that hard to buy for person on your list.
5	In a city long accused of lacking any distinct persona, Central Ave. and Camelback is quickly becoming metropolitan Phoenix's cultural hub.  And -- for me -- Practical Art has become a major player in the shift.  The shop features local artisans who make things you can use around the house: everything from handcrafted knives and gorgeous ceramics to unusual jewelry and funky furniture.  The really surprising part?  Unlike some of the more pretentious offerings around town, you can actually afford the stuff that Practical Art sells.  A place where you can support local artists, pick up adorable and functional items, AND keep your budget intact?  That's a pretty good deal.
5	Usually I want to love places like this but can never find anything useful, practical, or tasteful. I don't want to collect stuff(I don't really love) for the sake of simply helping a local business. Practical Art has helped change my perception.Guaranteed you are not going to love EVERYTHING but I found more then a handful of items I actually liked(or loved). We were there looking for a wedding gift for a friend after refusing to buy into the generic Macy's gift registry list that was offered up. We ended up leaving with something for ourselves but will be back wedding gift shopping in the near future. The very friendly and helpful person working that day also told us they did gift registry if we wanted to send our friends in(ugh yeah, that might be tough).The best part of our experience is when we checked out they didn't try to shove a plastic/paper bag down our throats - in fact they didn't even have any. Awesome.
4	I love stopping in every couple months to see what new items they've gotten in. Some things are just not my style, but there is always a great assortment of wood, glass, metal, cloth, and ceramic functional art. I've purchased several sets of wine bottles turned into glasses by Refresh Glass.  Everyone I've given a set to has loved them. You may have seen Ray's glasses in both Postinos locations. Some things seem over-priced, but I get it. They are local,  struggling  (maybe?) artists trying to make a living. And for that, I support them!
4	I recently visited Practical Art for the first time to see Christine Cassano's show, "Invest with Confidence". I was thoroughly impressed by all of the beautiful work I saw. I would love to buy any number of pieces from this store. I love that they sell refresh glass - the wine bottles turned glasses, and they have some gorgeous hand painted bowls and sets. Everything is local, and they have a great assortment of different items. It would be a great place to buy a special gift, and it certainly is a point of inspiration for what I would love to put in my home someday. Right now, its a little pricey for me, but all in all its a store I hope survives.
5	I love this place! Great unique gifts, good prices and it seems like they're open nearly round the clock! Nice added touches too, like live music and artists in store demonstrations..
4	I told Sweet D, "Lets spend five minutes and take a look at this Practical Art place.  It looks interesting."  Kara lured us to the center of her arty web, offering cups of hot tea that chilly afternoon.  Eighty Arizona artists, mostly Phoenix Metropolitan, put their wares, mostly functional (artfully useful) in this marketplace.  What glass, fiber, kitchen, pottery,jewelry, furniture and other objets stoked my artsy hunger?  Forty five minutes later we walked out with a beautifully crafted wall sconce by Tempe's Jennifer Gross.     We also took away a plasma-cut steel ear of garden corn, gift for a member of the Hopi Corn Clan.  The bright, delicate, intricately crafted flower pots by Jennifer Weaver nearly stole my sight.  But not my money.  This time.  Many years ago, I brought home a foot-tall chainsaw carved grizzly bear, a gift for Sweet D found on a long work trip.  Two or three years later, I found a pile of sawdust under it's chest.  Carpenter bees loved the bear.  I brought a short log home from the mountains for a bear stand and new bee house.  They still love the bear better.  Small holes for hanging shovels and large holes from screw-eyes taken from outside walls became nests for leaf-cutter bees.  I drilled a few holes in a 2 x 4 like the bee board makers do in alfalfa seed country.  Leaf cutters moved in.  But its still 2 x 4 lumber resting above a window of our home.Somebody makes beautiful wood sculpture from Big Lumber, drilling it with holes, inviting Carpenter, Leaf Cutter and other Arizona native bees to stop and stay at the Bee Art Hotel.  I saw several glass and pottery business card holders, melt-glass night lights, and a neck warmer just big enough to cover a neck, held on by a two-inch button.  Pretty good.   Each week a new artists shows their wares.  If good enough, they get to join the other 79.  I'm not sure how the bump-list works.  Stop by and see what you can't resist.  $10 - $500.
1	I am only giving 1 star due to the terrible service. There is one woman that works there in particular that is very unpleasant. No smiles. I had a return, within the given # of days, but she almost seemed personally offedned that I was returning it and was very short throughout the transaction... I love the merchandise and have purchased some great mosaic tile pots. I like the eclectic mix of items and will go back but will not expect good customer service.
3	How incredibly adorable!! Practical Art is just what the name implies - tons of items that are beautiful works of art that have the bonus of being able to be used in your everyday life - cooking dinner, having a glass of wine, relaxing in the living room, sending greetings to friends and so much more.Most of the items are for the home and sadly aren't the style of mine, which makes it hard to buy for myself here. However, I have a feeling this will be a potential gift spot for friends for years to come. And I just realized, people may now try to vie for my friendship or get engaged just knowing of potential gifts they will receive. The employee that was there was really nice as I aimlessly walked about, but after seeing the special offer on yelp of iced tea or tequila, I'm suddenly sad I wasn't offered any.
4	These guys are doing a wonderful job of carrying on the vision of the store's original owner and transitioning through their loss of her.  Lots of activities to keep different people coming in for a look-see, and a great place to come if you need to buy a gift for a pickier...er...more discerning friend or colleague.  All of the art comes from local artists who owe much to this store for helping them establish themselves.  Also at the Downtown Market if their uptown location is not convenient.
4	Practical Arts is probably the best place in Phoenix to find hand-crafted gift and home items. From gorgeous handled chef knives to glass plates, and everything you can't think of in-between, it's the obvious place to do your Buy Local shopping. Even the traveler or tourist will find something that speaks to them and says, "take me home".Comfortable atmosphere run by folks engaged in the local community. You will find something you like and if for someone else, they will envy your knowledge of good shopping locations. Prices range from inexpensive to hope you can afford  it, but that's the beauty of art, it comes in many forms.
4	This little shop is practically a work of art itself! Between the multiple vendors (all local mind you), unique inventory and a complete schedule of classes, Practical Arts lives up to its name. This is the store you visit when you're hunting for a unique gift or you simply want to browse creative works of local vendors throughout Phoenix. Practical Art sells everything from unique business card holders and metal coat racks, to fireplace tools, furniture and plenty of accessories for your home or yourself. It's really hard to explain but its worth visiting and you'll most definitely find a gift for that hard-to-buy friend. Pricing wise, the pieces here range from $20 to $400 but it all depends on the artist and on the item. It's obvious that metal is going to be more expensive then wood. I even saw blown glass kitchen appliances such as serving spoons and butter knives. Everything is so unique here. It's an adorable shop and adorable inventory.
1	I was searching for a unique item to give as a Thank You gift and I stopped by Practical Art over the Labor Day weekend after viewing some items on their website.  I was extremely under underwhelmed by the service I received and do not plan on returning.  When I arrived the young woman behind the counter was having a personal conversation with an acquaintance.  Besides the employee and her conversation buddy the store was empty.  I spent about ten minutes looking around and the young woman did not have the common courtesy to acknowledge me with a simple "Hello", even as I was viewing items directly in front of the counter.  When I was leaving the store she did break long enough to say "Bye".I believe it is very important to support local business but I will not spend my money here.  I did find several items I wanted to buy and made note of the artist. I have done the extra leg work to reach out to them to find out how to purchase their items through other channels.  I do not feel they should miss a sale due to the sub par customer service at this location.
5	Shop here, shop here now.Shop here, shop here, shop here now.NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW.
5	Love the unique items you can find in this store! I went for a gift but it was hard because there were so many things that I wanted for myself.The ornament that I purchased as a Christmas gift literally made the person I gave it to cry, she loved it so much.  If you are looking for something beautiful and unique to give to someone this is a great place to stop.
5	GREAT place to see useful, beautiful objects from local artists. The owners are sweet as can be and even offered me iced green tea while I browsed. I will go back again and again.
5	This is one of my FAVORITE small businesses ever. I find myself telling people about it all the time. I feel like I got great service, and always a great conversation there. Not to mention all the fun events! Pie socials, wine tasting classes, glass blowing demos, that is just to name a few. I aboslutely would recommend stopping in sometime, and picking up something one of a kind. I have bought birthday gifts, wedding gifts, xmas gifts, and many a gem for myself! These girls rock!!!
4	"BUY LOCAL! SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL ARTISTS!"How many times do you hear that? How often do you really listen and truly seek out local businesses when you are looking for the perfect birthday gift, or that one-of-a-kind memorable anniversary present for your favorite human? Admit it, don't you rush out at the last minute and buy a sweater or necklace from a big box store because you put it off until the last minute?Well, the holidays are only 5+ months away . . . and I just bet that you have several birthdays, anniversaries, wedding showers, thank you and house warming gifts that you need to find before then. Why wait? Check out PRACTICAL ARTS for a locally-made, hand-crafted perfect gift. Everything in the shop is "100% locally handmade."  That perfect gift for you, your family or your friends is just sitting there waiting for you to find it and take it home. When you walk out with the perfect anniversary gift your heart will swell with pride that you supported local artisans; and your purchase will be a colorful reminder that you took the time to select just the right colorful and practical gift for that really important person in your life . . . could even be you!
4	Practical Art is an awesome little shop with tons to look at. Some of the items are a bit pricey but all of them were really cool. I stopped in there recently when hubby and I happened to be in the area (he wanted to check out the comic book place next door). As we perused the store, I felt like we were at an art walk or craft fair but it was indoors (though the a/c in there was not too great). I ended up purchasing a lovely vase with hand-blown glass flowers that hold tea light candles. Talk about a one-of-a-kind centerpiece! The proprietor was very helpful in selecting the right colors for my "bouquet" and even let us in the back storeroom to check out some more options. I ended up with a really beautiful piece and it felt good supporting a local artisan.I will definitely return whenever I need a unique gift for someone special.
5	What a great find Practical Art is!  We took our time as there were so many beautiful things to see.   We collect ceramics and the selection and prices were terrific.  We were thrilled that it was open on Sunday (our only time to shop together) and naturally we found some pieces to add to our collection.  Can't wait to go back for some Christmas gifts.
5	If you are like me, and honestly get seriously depressed by the seemingly endless landscape of soul-less chain stores, mega-malls and Wal-Marts that is Phoenix....Practical Art is the antidote! My arty, indie, beauty-craving spirit comes alive again, just walking in, seeing this lovely shop filled with tasteful, quality, 100% HANDMADE arts and crafts, all made by local artists right here in Arizona!I need to take time to look at every single object here. I'm smiling as I think of the quirky items (bee shelters, anyone?) and naturally gorgeous specimens (hollowed mesquite bowls that look like they would be at home in a museum). Practical Art gives me newfound appreciation for the talented artists of Arizona. The shop is beautifully curated by proprietors who have a great eye for design, color and style. Prices range from under $10 to several hundreds. And like the name says, it's "practical art" meaning that you can use it in your home. Useful goods for your kitchen, office, or garden, wearable jewelry art and textiles. Many will last for a lifetime or even longer, if properly cared for.This shop also doubles as an art gallery, with a rotating exhibit of local artists. I was lucky to catch the last day of a beautiful show by photographer Patrick Madigan. They have art openings on First Fridays.This is a friendly place, no snooty attitude here, and no pushy salespeople. The owners are obviously passionate about supporting local artists and enjoy sharing their knowledge. They might offer you some tea or lemonade while you look around. It even smells good in here.From now on, this will be my go-to place to shop for cool, one-of-a-kind gifts for special people.Please support local artists, buy quality handmade goods, and keep money in our local economy!
4	I'm a minimalist so I only buy things when I need them and when I buy stuff I want high quality items with some personality to them. This store is great for people like me. Everything is handmade by an Arizona artist and everything is beautiful and has a practical purpose. And I love that the layout of the store is open, simple, and clean. Overly cluttered stores make me crazy.
