5	NOTE (regarding previous posts):  I wanted to point out that the Badger Cafe is next to but not part of the Rum Rummer Lounge bar next door. It is self-contained now behind a nifty hermetically sealed glass wall (due to recent anti-smoking laws). Anyways, I just wanted to review the food/restaurant alone and separate it from the rest of the bar.....However, that being said, the option to order food and get it at the bar is totally up to you and your tolerance for tobacco smoke. Vice versa, getting beers from the bar is totally separate as well, but drinking has to be done in the bar AFAIK. FOOD: This ain't Kobe beef, but save yourself the trouble of high LV Strip prices and come here for a solid 1/2 pound burger. I've eaten here many a times back in the day when I lived in Las Vegas (05' - 09') and when I used to drive long distances to visit Las Vegas (02' - 04'). This place deserves a shrine. I always recommend this place to friends, but it's not for the faint of heart. If you abhor grease, battered fries, chili-cheese fries, and all things from the griddle....look elsewhere. Otherwise, if you call yourself a "grease aficionado", welcome to nirvana. Cheap prices and a 24 hour availability makes this place dangerous for the waistline. Get a few beers next door and you'll praise the sedentary lifestyle soon enough. I've never had their wings, but have heard decent things and they're cheap. I always go for the build your own burgers starting for under $3 - add some Ortega green chiles, a slice of cheese and take all the fixin's (ask for a pencil and request everything on those 4x11 order sheets) and then enjoy the cheap bill b/c it never costs you more than $5 even if you get the fries for 75 cents. Seriously, take a trip off the Strip (if you're a visitor) and enjoy a part of LV flavor. If you have time to spare, knock off an hour or two and see some rhinestone glitz at the Liberace Museum as well.ATMOSPHERE: It's in a strip mall with a dance studio, a Korean resto and grocery mart - but what Las Vegas place isn't in a strip mall? Lot's of blue hairs, Packers/UW fans, pool tables, shuffle board and tons of characters at all times of the day. As mentioned above....Look for the "Rum Runner Lounge" to get that review and ask for Birdie when you're there - she's the bomb. Again...if you hate smoking, the anti-smoking laws (as mentioned above) won't keep you separated from your greasy spoon cravings - just eat at the cafe. HINTS: If you order at the bar, be sure to tell the bartender so he/she can flag down one of the BC waitstaff. Otherwise, order at the cash register next door and bring the food in. I find that if you play on the VP machines, you'll usually get better service right away. Another added advantage is "comp drinks" - if you put a $20 in the VP machine and play at max bet ($1.25), the drinks are "free" while you can enjoy your chow with those nifty bar wood block tables. (Food isn't free - so just pay your BC waitstaff separately).
4	The two main staples at Badger are the Burgers and Wings. You order from a little checklist menu (ala sushi style). The burgers are big and cheap. The wings are tasty and cheap. It's gotta be one of the best values in town. It's always good. The portions are big. And did I mention it's cheap?
5	This is by far the best value and great eats for burgers and wings in Las Vegas.  It's a very small place on Tropicana and Spencer in the east side.  How I wish they were around when I was a student at UNLV.  My buddy found this diamond in the rough and has great tasty burgers.  You order from a checklist menu.  It's very delicious.  I am definitely going to return.
5	This place is great! I never get dissapointed when I eat here. This is definatly not a place if you are on a diet though because the burgers and fries are really greasy but that's what makes em taste so great lol.At first I was skeptical about the food because I saw it was 3.75 for a half pound Burger? But come to find out its Angus so WIN! Order everything on the checklist that's free plus add cheese and fries for 50 cents and 75 cents and you are good to go. The batter on the fries make them the best fries I have ever tried hands down. If you are in the mood for wings they have cheap decent wings here I'm not a big fan but apparently lots of people order them.Red Robin used to be my favorite fast food Burger joint until I came here. Its well worth your money here. The best part is that they are 24 hours with a full menu of other diner foods.
5	I am DAMNED impressed. This place could give Five Guys a run for its money, and it's a hell of a lot better than that In n Out garbage that people here rave about.Our server, Michelle, did an amazing job, especially considering how busy it was. She was quite knowledgeable about the menu items, did a good job handling both the cafe and running food for the bar, and overall, I was very impressed. I think this has knocked a few burger places off our list now, especially when 3 people can eat, have drinks and appetizers for under $30 before tip. We'll definitely be returning regularly.
4	What a hole in the wall!! When i take my friends here they are like how did you find this place? But when in Vegas ya gotta find the best deals around right!? Food is decient when you donot want to pay 20 bucks for breakfast at the NICE hotels or room service.. well they always treat me GREAT and the waitresses are always friendly.. the best!!
5	The place doesn't look like much, but it deserves a 5star rating. It's clean, the service was great, it was cheap, and the food was good. My boyfriend had the chicken fried steak breakfast style (with hashbrowns, toast, and eggs rather than with mashed potatoes and I forget what else) and we ordered  some wings just to try 'em. An order of beer battered fries along with it for just 75cents more-- heaven! The wings were juicy and delish, and his plate was scrumptious and artery clogging.  I had a simple salad (hey, I was trying to cancel out the fries), and it actually turned out to be pretty tasty too. Even after making the boyfriend eat a couple bites of salad he insisted on mopping up his leftover yolk and gravy with some toast wedges. It was that good.
5	I have to give the BC 5 stars. Before I moved away from Vegas, my fiance and I ate here at LEAST once a week. Building your own burger is highly recommended as well as the KickA$$ hotwings! The staff was ALWAYS friendly and upbeat. The cook would sometimes come out to ask if everything tasted good...which I've never seen anywhere else, but found it refreshing. Since I have moved to the South, there are only 2 food items I crave from Vegas. Other than Roberto's rolled tacos, I frequently get a hankering for a juicy Badger Cafe burger.Whenever I visit, I WILL definitely visit the Badger.
5	I've lived here for almost 6 years now and this is the first time I'm hearing of Badgers?  My husband and I decided to give it a try today and boy are we glad we did.  The menu has something for everyone and then some and the prices can't be beat!  My husband had the 1/2 lb burger, which is made and dressed to your liking and I went for the garlic hot sauced wings.  I was tickling the idea of getting the buffalo shrimp but I decided to save that for the next time.  The wings were just to my liking, moist and saucy and according to my husband this burger got the thumbs up.  I have to say this is a great little secret of Vegas and I'm so glad that we decided to try something new tonight.. And before I depart let me recommend the beer battered brats as a starter.. MmmMmmm.. Boy are they yummy
4	The menu at Badger is simple and basic, the way bar food should be. And the prices are cheap to! So add those two combined with a build your own burger and you have a recipe for success in my book. My friends and I regularly visit this fine establishment a few times a month and the food nor the service has failed us yet. Extra points for the dive bar atmosphere!
4	This is my kind of local diner eats. I'm from NJ and grew up with places like this. Breakfast is perfect. Eggs, some kid of meat, hash brown potatoes, toast, and about a gallon of coffee. This is what diner like Badger Cafe do and it is great normal American breakfast stuff. They do nice lunches with a daily special for lunch and dinner. I'm an open roast beef plate fan and sure enjoy their burgers. Badger Cafe is famous in the area for big burgers served the way YOU want them. This little "Local" Cafe is attached to but not part of the Rum Runner. Glass walls and doors separate the two. It may not be much to look at but, don't let looks fool you. I think the Wait Staff people are Quick, Friendly, Know their menu, and talkative. The folks who come in are mostly familiar faces. They are the   "Locals". The Badger Cafe is: good prices, good food, quick service, and friendly people. You can't ask for anything better than that.
5	Update: I stopped in, hungover as all hell, on my way to the airport. Other than the Build-you-own-burger going up in price ($3.99 now), everything was the same. There was the same super-friendly service, the same delicious spicy bloody marys from the bar, and the same juicy burgers and fiery hotwings. I brought my grandmother for her first time, and she was impressed. That's a good sign.Dear Badger Cafe, please open a new location in Nashville. Love, Heather
1	Wow. In one visit, you guys go down the shitter.NEWSFLASH: The fucking smoking ban has NOT been lifted yet. This means, when I come in, and find you propping your door to the bar open, and the restaurant reeks of smoke... and I ask you (yes you, new shithead cook) why the door is propped open, and point out that it's illegal to do so at this point in time, do NOT sit there arguing with me then get snotty and go "Well do you want your drinks or not?"Sadly, you've lost our business. There are bigger and better places around, and you need to realize where your money comes from. We won't be coming back.
4	Good hand pressed, cooked to order burgers with a customizable list of toppings makes this a great deal. Batter dipped fries are also very good.Being attached to a smoke filled bar is the biggest detriment to this restaurant.
4	I went to this place for the first time thanks to have good reviews on Yelp. This place is great.The service is personal and friendly. I felt tha I wanted to try everything on the menu. Good fried goodies available, from shrimp to wings and many available dipping sauces.Cooked to order burgers with a customizable list of toppings makes this a great deal. Batter dipped fries are also very good.
5	I come here for one reason. It's the chicken wings. They are ginormous and cheap. They're perfectly fried to a well done even the cartilage is crispy too. The cartilage is one of the best parts. Don't knock it until you try it! Try them with any sauce; all good.Best wings in Vegas by a mile. Where else can you find hot, juicy, crispy and cheap wings? The $3.99 burger and other food items are good too but the wings are the main attraction for me.
3	My boyfriend and I came here one day because of reviews based on here and needless to say I wasn't too impressed. I got a weird vibe because drunk people kept coming over from the Rum Runner or whatever it's called to order food. The waitress was acting like she was SUPER busy when there was only one table of a family there eating. She doesn't even cook the food for goodness sakes. But there isn't a sign saying to seat yourself and we stood by the door way for about 5 minutes before we finally sat ourselves down because she clearly wasn't going to tell us to just find a place. Then it took her about 15 minutes to pick up our cards for our orders and finally get us drinks. She said she was "so busy" when it was dead in there and all she has to do is take the food to the bar. IDK I just don't look at the place being busy as a good excuse for no courtesy. The food was pretty good but don't expect good service.
3	$3.99 is the starting price. Lettuce, onions, pickles, grilled onions, and mayo are free options. For $.30 each, you can get double cheddar, double swiss, ranch, or tomatoes. $.60 gets you guacamole or grilled mushrooms. And $.75 gets bacon, a fried egg, or fries. When it is all said and done, a monster burger can be had for less than $10. Although it lists an option for how you want your burger cooked, my medium rare came out medium well. The one waitress and one cook was pumping out food as fast as they could so I just sucked it up. Overall, the burger was good. The diner smelt of grease, but the food was not drenching in oil like other places. The mushrooms came out flavorful, but not covered in oil. I appreciated that. The cheese curds ($4.99) was my favorite item. Can never go wrong with fried cheese. There is a $1 to go box fee if you do not order a drink.
5	If you have often wondered where the best burger in is town is at, well here is your last stop! Who gives you a 1/2 angus burger for $3.75? If you want fancy stuff on it it may cost a little more, but this burger is off the hook. I always get mine with double cheese and extra grilled onions cooked med rare! Yes they will cook it med rare!The staff is super and the price is right. If I am craving a burger, you will find me having ti here!
4	I love diners and old school divey coffee shops so I HAD to try the Badger, which is across the street from where I work.  I've met a number of friends here for lunch over the past year and we always enjoy it.  The service is always great - super friendly and makes you feel like you're a regular even if you're not (yet).  The house salad with raspberry vinaigrette is great - the vinaigrette a little sweeter than most.  The grilled cheese on wheat are thin, but ooey-gooey.  I just had their Cream of Broccoli soup last week - and that was probably my favorite thing I've tried to date. Oh and lunch for two people with sodas was $8.61 - that's right - eight dollars and sixty-one cents.  Ridiculously inexpensive.The classic diner painted windows and orange formica tables just scream PHOTOSHOOT to me - someday maybe I'll remember to bring a camera.
4	Wings are awesome!Hard to find good wings in this town for some reason.The hot wings are just right here...nice n hot without being too hot where you can barely eat them like some places.Cooked perfectly too....crisp!This is the spot for wings, no doubt.
4	This place was pretty good.. I got a burger and chili cheese fries (uhhhhg I need to cutback on the gut bombs) the food was good and the customer service was excellent. The prices are cheap and fair.  The area isn't the best but I've definitely been in worst haha. My buddies got the wings and said they were really good and great pricing.
1	Gross.
5	I heard about this place and their incredible wings thanks to Yelp and I bookmarked it to Come back and give it a try. The one who proclaimed this a Diamond in the rough hit it square on the head.Pulling into the parking lot you see a sign proclaiming they have the "worlds best Hamburger" and in fine print it explains "voted on by us" I laughed as that is soo north western it reminded me of my grandparents. So after the rave wing reviews and their claim the fame Burger why am I here for Breakfast? I was way early for work and thought why not?I ordered two eggs over easy (came out very runny) sausage (yummy) Bacon was crispy and hash browns (with peppers and onions very tasty) I asked about the wing sauce and my server offered to bring me some to sample. I said just bring me the hottest thing you are allowed to serve. She did and it has me a little concerned. It was a mild/medium at best. I dipped my Bacon in it and even stirred it into my eggs without my eyes watering or nose running.  It had a strong Vinegar taste also not a good thing for wings. They should taste like chicken then spice. Not Vinegar chicken then sauce but hey maybe it tastes better on the wings than my breakfast platter.The service was top notch. Both the bartender and server were on their best and made me feel like I was at home and welcome. The owner was there and although he was busy prepping the bar he came over to great me and we ended up talking about Wisconsin. You could tell he really loves that state.Its on the other side of town from me put I will be back to try the wings for real in the supper hour and even the Burgers.Well done, keep up the great work!
4	I had eaten here years before, in the pre-smoking ban days, but just went back today for lunch on the Badger side. It's pretty much smoke-free, so don't let that deter you!I have not tried the wings yet, but the burgers are really good and really cheap.They have a few other notable diner-type options as well, such as the BLT, hot beef sandwich, patty melt, etc.Beers come from the Rum Runner next door and are also super cheap (like $4 for a 25oz Bud Light or $3.25 for PBR).Thumbs up for being a true local place (despite the Wisconsin theme, of course).They're locally-owned, the waitresses know most of the patrons, and they host regular pool tournaments.
5	Ate here for lunch on Sunday, May 27th. This was by far the best burger I've eaten in a LOOOOONG time!  It's a little bit of a dive, but that just adds to its charm. Prices were VERY reasonable and portions were large. If I lived here, I'd be gaining a lot of weight, cause I'd be eating here all the time!
4	As a college student, I always enjoy a good bar hopping from time to time.  I found one little enjoyable bar down the street from my house and campus called the Rum Runner.  Why am I saying this?  Well I've been to Rum Runner many times but i have never eaten at the restaurant that is literally next door, the Badger Cafe.  I can honestly say that I really enjoyed my dining experience here and I will come frequently.The first thing you notice about this place it that it is a home of Wisconsin sports team.  What I mean by this is that there is a glass case with a Green Bay Helmet and University of Wisconsin Badger helmet.  The reason I say this is because I'm pretty sure no Viking or Lions fans will eat here but don't let that detract you the food is delicious!  I ordered one of their build your own burgers, which can get quite pricey if you want it fully loaded, but it is worth it!  I had a single cheeseburger with bacon, lettuce, grilled onions, fries and pickles which totaled out to be around $7.75 which is a pretty good deal.  The burger was not greasy and the beef was great.  The fires I am now a big fan of.  They are crunchy, golden brown, and just plain awesome sauce.  If you want good cheap bar food, with friendly service look no further than badger cafe.  Once your done you can come next door and have a beer with me at Rum Runner every other week.  see you there!
4	I'm a fan.We were waiting feverishly to find out if we'd be signing a lease agreement...The call came -yay!We were stressed out,  had spent the previous 24 hours in a state of highanxiety, with many miles to cover, anyway, we got the call to come sign thelease agreement,  and we ended up at Badger Cafe, ready to eat.My rueben sandwich was excellent, my sweeties sandwich was equally good. Theservice was very friendly and competent as well. Nothing to bitch about. I would definitely eat at Badger Cafe again.
3	I was told the wings are amazing, but I don't agree.  I prefer my wings dry, like at T-Bird or Tap House, where they either use a dry rub for spice, or they will spin them in wet sauce and put them back on the grill to roast and dry out, so the skin is crispy and spicy.  The wing meat and skin here was average, and the sauce was wet, which is some people's bag, but not mine.  Cool krab cocktail though!  ;-D
4	This is embarrassing.I decided to go on a Burger Binge to find the best burger at 3 places that are within blocks of each other on East Tropicana.The Badger Cafe.The Dispensary.Sammy's LA Pastrami.I know, I know....a little excessive. But someone had to do it, and it was very revealing.The Badger Cafe has the best burger of the three, without question.It's grilled not fried and the meat is fresh and flavorful. And it's cheap: $3.99 for a half-pound burger, or another dollar if you get it to take-out.The Dispensary's burger is a close second....same price for a half-pounder, but $2 extra for take-out. This was the only burger of the three that came with fries, but unfortunately they were boring and limp.The big disappointment was Sammy's. I like the place, and I especially like the guy who runs it. But this burger was really uninteresting and the only one I didn't finish. And it's twice the price of the other two.The problem is the meat. It tastes like those pre-packaged patties you get at Costco...kinda thin and not flavorful at all. It's obvious these are not freshly-made patties and that makes the burger very ordinary.However, Sammy's does have the best fries of the three of them: the Garlic Romano Fries are phenomenal, but cost extra.
5	My partner read about this place on Yelp and we decided to go there last Sunday after church. My original thought from outside was "Wow, what a dive." We went into the wrong door and sat in the Rumrunner. It was stale  and smoky and I wasn't going to stay. It was then that I looked over and saw the cafe. We originally thought it was a different place until we saw that the menu was for Badger Cafe. My, am I glad we stayed. I love the idea of building your own burger. Immediately, I was impressed with that and the fact that prices were so reasonable. Michelle (I believe) was very helpful and friendly. We received our meals quickly. The burger was delicious. The fries were good also. I didn't really like the iced tea, but who cares about that. I was there for the burger and was not disappointed. I love supporting local businesses and I will definitely go back when I want a great burger.
5	Recently discovered this hidden gem and now it turns out to be one of the favorite spots for me and my buddies to hang out, after playing some pool at the rum runner bar, with a couple beers and some chicken wings we always finish off with a killa burger custom made, i like mine with a friend egg,ortega chili, bacon, American cheese, grilled onions and 1000 island can't beat that and can't beat that price either. Best thing is its open 24/7, can't get a better burger than that after hours.
4	I still go here regularly. This is the best "home cooking" comfort food I've found in the Valley. I'm told there is a new Manager. I don't know everything is still the best!! I'm also told that the Daily Specials will change a bit very soon for the summer. I don't care, it is all good.BTW: Michele had a beautiful baby boy. Mom and Baby are doing fine.DAILY SPECIALS ($6.99)                                                   SOUP SPECIALSUNDAY..................Fried Chicken.....................................Chicken NoodleMONDAY.............***Hot Beef..............................................MinestroneTUESDAY................Lemon Chicken..................................Split PeaWEDNESDAY.........Sirloin Tips  w/Noodles.....................Vegetable Beef THURSDAY............Spaghetti w/Meat Sauce....................Broccoli-CheeseFRIDAY....................Fish and Chips....................................Clam ChowderSaturday..................Pot Roast..............................................PotatoEach Special comes with Soup or Salad, Potato, Veggies, and Texas Toast.*** Sometimes they Substitute Swiss SteakI can only wonder what they will come up with for the Summer. Badger Cafe is also known for their very juicy 1/2 lb. Burgers, Wings, and Buffalo Shrimp.They put out a great Bratwurst on a roll with saute onions and Kraut.If you want real "Down to Earth" good food. Don't miss this place.
4	Your everyday vintage and classic style cafe+ bar. The food is delicious!Especially the burgers. You order the burgers by filling out a sheet that lists all the details you want for you for your burger. Cooked fresh for your taste buds. And these burgers are grilled, not fried or microwaved(fast food). Don't forget the fries either for only a dollar more. And these are no overcooked fries. They're like curly fries except not curly. But cooked deliciously. Might I mention though that the burger starts at $3.99 which is absolutely absurd when you consider the quality of the food. They also require you to purchase a drink with burger orders which are about $1 if not, slightly more. But you can't complain about the value of this deal w hen you compare it to other diners such as denny's and etc. I also ordered 6 wings which were tasty but pricy at 4.49 for 6. The service was great too! Not a lot of people so our server was very consistent in providing us our dinner. I will DEFINITELY be coming back for more.
4	I am a fan. There hasn't ever been a time when I have had company come in town to visit and I didn't take them to this place.Seriously, you cannot go wrong with the burgers, wings, fries and onion rings in this place.The burgers are all made to order and you simply check on your Menu Sheet what you want on your burger and how you want it cooked. Same goes with the wings, how many wings, what flavors, what sides, etc. It's the best cheap eats around. Seriously. Sometimes the service can be a little slow especially when the bar next door is extremely busy so do not come here in a rush. Lay back and enjoy the moment and cheap food you are about to experience. If you take your burger to go, please note that they charge you a dollar extra.
4	If I can find somebody to join me, I need to try the Deep Fried Cheese Curds. This is a Wisconsin bar and besides for a brat I saw on menu, this appears to be the only true Wisconsin offering. I have had them before up there and they are crazy good and chewy, totally unlike mozzarella sticks, becuase they just use the curds. At $4.99, I still wasn't willing to get a full order solo because I would have eaten them all. Ok, now onto what I actually did eat. Had a 1/2 order of Biscuits/Gravy for $1.50, basically 1.5 biscuits in a gravy. These were good for the price. Then I tried the burger deal and my toppings were free (grilled onions, raw onions, 1000 island and pickles) and for $2 more, I added a side of blue cheese crumbles and fries. The fries were thin and beer battered, so that gave them a different and excellent taste and the burger ($4.99) was cooked to my liking and quite thick for a 1/2 pounder. Although, it says fresh meat, I have muy doubts. My definition of fresh is fresh ground beef every day, but not sure what everybody else defines it as. Whatever it was, it was in the middle of the pack for a burger, great value, but probably not bnetter than GRIND up the street.The four stars are for those Curds which I must try soon. Oh, yeah nice waitress too, older lady and a huge TV in dining area makes for good sports watching.
5	I do my best to find hidden gems around town, but with little time and minimal resources or recommendations this is often difficult. There are a few such locations on my to-do list from an old top 10 burger list that I've had a hard time getting to, and it's time I get back to those priorities. I believe the last location that fit the bill was the Dispensary Lounge, and it turned out to be everything I hoped for. First on my list to accomplish was The Badger Cafe; the background sounded similar so I had high hopes. Did it come through?Badger Cafe and its accompanying bar the Rum Runner have been around since 1979. It's a tiny place with only 4-5 booths, a handful of tables and a short diner style counter. The bar it's tied to looks like it has great ambiance if you're looking for an old school local Vegas institution. It's in an older part of town on East Tropicana; the strip malls feels this way, as does the staff and patrons. In many ways this was feeling similar to my experience at the Dispensary already. The menu has plenty of items, too many to mention. What is missing from the menu but quickly located at my table is $3.99 burger menu; a checklist of items to build your own 1/2 lb burger including several free items, several toppings for $.50, $.75 and $1.I built my burger with lettuce, pickles, tomato, grilled mushrooms and double swiss. After a quick few minutes my burger arrived in a red plastic basket. Upon first bite the meat had great char flavor and was cooked perfectly. The mushrooms were flavorful although not too abundant. The pickles were good, the lettuce and tomato were fine. The sesame bun was soft, fresh and perfectly proportioned. The cheese was a bit too much; maybe it would be enough if it was a bit better as it was a little too salty and stood out, but hardly bad for the cost.The fries were good; cooked well, flavorful and a bit different looking than normal. They had a familiar taste I couldn't quite identify at first but by the end I realized they tasted like tater tots. I don't always like tots, and for some reason they were great until I realized this. I still found myself eating more of them after I finished my burger. With all of my toppings and add-ons my meal came to $8.91, with my burger being $5.74 of that and worth every penny. Even at almost $9 for this meal, it's great. If you were ok with it and skipped some of the extras you could have an amazing $4 burger. It still doesn't quite beat Dispensary's burger but its damn close. This is an excellent example of a cheap, delicious pub burger, so if you're looking for some old school ambiance in a dive bar-type setting or even on the diner side, it's worth the trip.
4	I can't believe I have lived near this cafe for 15 years and never gone in.  This is so much fun - I have to say that you should ignore the rest of the food (my hubby had the chicken fried steak and it was not great, even if the sausage gravy was pretty good!), I had the famous $3.99 half pound burger - and it was great great  great! Good seeded bun, toasted; hand formed burger grilled medium rare with wonderful non-greasy fried onions. And the fries were the best fries I think I have ever had - doubly crunchy and hot!  Raspberry tea was very very good and I'm one happy "hidden jem" finder!
5	Really loved this place! I walked in through the rum runner and was like NOOOOO ANOTHER VEGAS TRAP but then I saw the door for the Badger Cafe and I was pleasently surprised. No smoke smell and it felt like a diner. I ordered the skillet which was like 5.99 or something ridiculously cheap, had 2-3 eggs, sausage, bacon and maybe another meat, then hasbrowns and it came in an OG skillet. Loved it! My girlfriend got a burger of some kind and she really loved it also the fries here are really good!I mean really good! Overall I really liked the Badger Cafe, really good tasting food at really cheap prices.
4	Its taken me a while but I finally got back to the Badger Cafe during dinner hours.  I was fairly impressed with both my burger and the wings. The burger was thick and juicy I ordered it medium and it was a little medium rare but otherwise perfect. The toppings were a thick slice of tomato a nice layer of lettuce and some grilled onions. A vadallia onion would have been perfect  but oh so good as it was. I didnt like that the guacamole and Mayo were in plastic containers as the mayo looked old and past its prime but still glad it was there and not on the burger as it may have ruined the Burger.The wings were perfectly fried. Crunchy on the outside and juicy on the inside. The sauce was the hottest they had and my tastebuds could hardly tell. I didnt blow my nose till the end of the meal. A better sauce would put these wings at the top of my list for wings in Vegas.
4	So I stumbled upon this little gem after yelp surfing on my phone and boy I wasn't disappointed.I met my boyfriend here for some bar food without the smoke. Sometimes smoke alone can ruin the experience. The rum runner bar was hopping but we were the only sit down people at the cafe based on yelp reviews we weren't worried. The waitress was super friendly and chatty with us while we decided what to order. We filled out the cards specially laid out for the wings and burgers.He ordered 12 wings two different styles hot and bbq hot and french fries.I had the burger mid well, tomato, double cheese and 1000 island on the side. Our food arrived *check out my pic called omg lets eat!*, and we were in heaven. My burger was cooked just right, bun was toasted, juicy but not overly juicy to where it made the bun wet and nasty, cheese was melted to perfection. His wings were plump and juicy not one small one in the batch. Fries were hot and crunchy. Two sides of ranch, carrots and celery without having to ask or being charged extra? Love it!! Take notes Bdubs!  For two our bill came to 15.80 + 4.00 cash for tip.And we were full and satisfied with the service we received and the food was great! We will be back to try some different things on the menu! Why is my mouth watering writing this review!!!!?!!!?!?!?! :-)If your in the area try this place out! A bargain for a great meal and friendly staff!
3	I was intrigued by the ROTD and I live in the neighborhood so I had no other choice, but to try them out for myself. Upon entering you will immediately notice the smell of oil, but I shouldn't be complaining because this is a dive right where most of the menu items consist of fried food? Just looking around at the other patrons the crowd of this place is what this neighborhood used to be back in the early and mid 90's. I grew up here and it was a glimpse of what it used to be like before it got all ghetto. Anyway I ordered the wings to go half mild and the other half just the "butter" flavor because my mom is not fond of spicy food. I noticed when I paid there was .50 to go charge. Kind of weird, but oh well I guess? Tried both the mild and butter and I'd much rather prefer the mild. The butter wings were practically tasteless (just an fyi to anyone who contemplates on getting it). Just like my brother Rei B. mentioned even the cartilage is quit crisp. The wings were good, but unfortunately I'd much rather go to BBW for my wing fix.  However I'll be back to try the 3.99 burger, daily specials, and especially the brats since that's what Wisconsin is known for.
4	Attention hole in the wall seekers, if you're looking a for a new "hole the wall" place to get really, really good, honest burgers then look no more! I've had Badger Cafe on my radar for awhile. For one, it's on the East side where I happen to live and I pass by the place almost everyday on my commute to work at the airport. Secondly, once I saw it and Yelped and saw the reviews regarding two of my favorite things - burgers and wings I was instantly wooed into wanting to go. Last night, I finally convinced my husband to get out of our rut of going to the same place and we decided on Badger Cafe.It's a small place, not much seating, and is pretty much an extra room off of the Rumrunner Bar next door. It's seat yourself, so don't stand a around like dum dums (my husband and I did). Service - A little sketch, but I wasn't surprised. A gentleman who appeared to be a prep cook of some kind came over and took our drink orders. He returned with them and I sipped my Coke. It was little off - like their syrup wasn't working correctly. Not a big deal. Moving on, our waitress, a woman who seemed to be a bit frantic came over and took our order. I noted she had her name tag on upside down as she hurried away from us with our order.Food - We both went for the burgers - 1/2 pounders of Angus beef. The way you pick your burger is with a scorecard system. You check off boxes of what you want on it and that's the way they prepare it. Some items are free and others cost a little extra, but with the actual burger itself starting at ONLY $3.99 it's a good deal. I had mine with double cheese, pickles, lettuce, grilled onions, and Oretega chilis. My husband got his with lettuce, double cheese, and coleslaw. We also got an order of cheese curds. The cheese curds were pretty good, but for $4.99 a pop I was expecting MORE. I felt as though they skimped on the portion for the price.Burgers - amazing. I thought mine was cooked perfectly (medium well), it had a char on it that reminded me of my Dad's burgers out on the grill. I mean, what's better than the taste of home? Nothing. The bun was toasted and a bit crunchy, yet soft in the middle. The cheese was perfectly melted and the grilled onions & chilis were the perfect combo (for me anyway). My husband per usual said his was good. He wasn't as thrilled as I was.Overall - The place is a dive for sure, but if you hanker for a good burger, check this place out! I plan to return to try out their wings very soon.** UPDATE **I didn't want to do a completely new review because I don't have much to say. But what I can say is this - stick to the burger and wings. I branched out and got the Philly Supreme on my most recent visit and I was severely disappointed. The service was still good, the cheese curds were still good, but ugh that sandwich was a downer, big time. PS - Sat on the bar side this time as well (Rum Runner) and you can order the food from Badger Cafe and eat it in the bar - so you can watch the football game!
4	Been wanting to come here for awhile. The service was not the greatest. Our drink order was taken by a guy who was dressed like a bus boy/prep cook. Then we sat there waiting for our waitress. We sat for quite awhile. When she did arrive she was really friendly. We had a BLT and a burger. The BLT was done perfectly. Ice cold lettuce, nicely toasted bread and salty, crisp bacon. The burger was great. Nice charbroiled flavor and perfectly medium rare as ordered. It was a small diner area, but the Rum Runner seemed too smoky to eat. The food was great, so we will be back.
4	I loooove hole in the walls and this a perfect example of it.The Badger Cafe is tucked away in a strip mall close to UNLV. It looks really like a bar but closer inspection when coming in really does reveal a pleasant surprise.Adjacent to the Rumrunner which is just a regular smokey bar, the Badger cafe serves up some of the best burgers in town for cheap! They give you a little silver of paper on which you can check of whatever topping you want. Bacon, mushrooms, guac, fried egg, whatever you want. You get a 100% customized burger right to your specifications, yum! On top of that, the fries are awesome. The beer battered spuds are perfectly crispy, and taste great. The prices are great, and you can even get wings with a great selection of sauces to toss em in.Afterwards, you can head over to bar next door for some drinks. The two places are connected, so they will bring the food out to ya at the bar, or you can avoid it the second hand smoke and eat in their dining room.Don't let the exterior fool ya, if you want awesome burger, check this place out.
5	By far the best wings in Vegas! Whats even better about this place is the price. I went with 3 people, all together we had 18 wings, a burger combo, fried chicken special combo, and a spicy pastrami combo!! Drum roll please.......$32.00, for that price we all said it was some of the tastiest food for how cheap it was. All in all id give this place 100 stars and i will definitely be back.
5	I give to give this cafe five stars for their superb customer service.  My waitress was fantastic, she played waitress, cashier and busser and did a fantastic job.  My hat is off to her!  The restaurant is nothing fancy, a counter and maybe five or six tables.  I felt like I was at Mel's Diner on the tv show Alice!  I ordered the 6 piece chicken wings medium and a small side salad.  I was there during lunch hour, and the salad was brought to me immediately.   The wings came out right when I finished the salad, and very tasty.  They had no batter or extra sauce, but they were soo good!  I will go back!
5	I swear this was the second best meal I had in Vegas, first was Gordon Ramsey Steak...seriously good food, fresh and good portions.  My husband was so bummed we found this plaace the day before flew home.  He said the wings were the best he's ever had.  Very generous kid meal portions and the 3.99 build a burger is so worth it.  Check this place out!
5	"Hole in the Wall", "Hidden Gem", "Generic Secret Location Phrase", yeah yeah I get it. I just have a major pet peeve with overused cliches.I first found out about this place from a coworker who loved going there during packers games because it's known as a "Packer Bar". But that is Rum Runner we are talking about, which is connected to Badger Cafe. They both are one and the same, but I'll talk about the food in this review.The restaurant area is nice and tidy, has a dive / diner type of feel and it's quite busy most of the time. Customer service is great and so is the speed of food delivery (it obvious varies depending on nuts it is inside Rum Runner).Anyways, $3.99 for a half pound burger plus an additional $1 for extra fries. This is easily one of the better burgers in town, it's a great value no matter how you look at it. I've been a regular here for months now. I'm majorly addicted to the fried, they are completely beer battered and are phenomenal tasting. I have no need to add salt or any other seasonings, the fries stand on there own. This and very crispy, just thinking about them makes me want to drive there right now for some fries.  If the owners are reading this, add another item on your menu that is a bucket of fries for $4.99 or something. I will be there every day!The parking area is mostly packed for reasons I don't understand and it's around a quite questionable neighborhood. The appeal of this place is similar to my favorite bar back in Michigan, it's in a rough neighborhood with some scumbags hovering around (I guess that's why my coworker has been going there for years, scumbag) but the food is so great. It's like an urban risk/reward game, maybe I'll get hassled by hobo's, or maybe I'll get an awesome deal and meal. It get's extra points for being able to order from inside the cafe and they will bring the food out to Rum Runner for you. Food, Deals, Service, it's got all of that. I strongly recommend  coming here if you can!#diamondintheroughanddirty#Ineverproofreaddealwithgrammarerrors
3	The Badger Cafe is a quick place to go to near UNLV's campus. The staff is friendly and attentive. The prices are low, but the food quality is good. I plan to come here from time to time when you are looking for a cheap bite to eat. It's connected to the Rum Runner, so the bar is only a few feet away.
4	After a pathetic attempt to play pool at the neighboring Gorilla Cafe, several of us meandered over to Badger Cafe for some grub.BC is attached to the RumRunner Bar.  The first thing i notice when walking into BC is that thick grease SMELL.  Man, they are seriously competing with Geri's Philly Cheesesteak for not only the strongest grease smell but the " take me back to the 60's/70's coffee shop motiff.  Personally, I dig it !!But hey, it don't mean a thang if the food don't swing.  Again, for me, the food works but let's get real, the place is a hole in the wall grease pit so go in knowing and understanding that.I went with the build your own burger - added bacon, egg, swiss cheese and grilled onion.  Also went with the homemade potato chips.  The server suggested i go with her " off the menu" option of vinegar and garlic salt added to the chips, " Sure!"The burger was perfectly cooked.  As what has become the norm lately, more salt needed on the burger ( is it me ??) great bacon and the egg hit the spot.  Minor ding - the swiss cheese slice was paltry and did little for the overall burger.  As far as the chips - really pleased to see they are krinkle/dip chip style - nice !  As to the garlic salt and vinegar - sorry, i wasn't feeling it - i'll stick to the garlic salt next time.The group also ordered chicken wings ( didn't try ) and cheese curds - did try and loved them !   Saddened i couldn't get a Wisconsin Beer to go with the grub ( asked about Point Beer and Leinenkugel but i got a blank stare - settled for a blue moon ) I will return pics attached
5	Came here after work one night (5 in the morning) for their $3.99 1/2 pounder burger. The burger here is made to order and you can customize any ways you want it. The staff here was nice and the burger was delicious. This place is good for people like me who work late and people who get hungry after partying all night.
3	The Build A Burger was pretty good, not anything I would go out of my way to eat again. But a good price and a good portion size.
3	FIRST AND ONLY COMPLAINT after months of being a loyal customer.I have been coming to this place for a good six months, or so, and today was the first time I have had absolutely ANYTHING to complain about.Normally, the food is delicious and fresh, the waitresses are very friendly and the prices are more than fair. It is definitely a hole-in-the-wall type place, so if you are looking for atmosphere you might want to take your food to-go. In the past I have even chatted with the staff, both cooks and servers, for various reasons. Ranging from, "how's the weather" to a sob story over giving my newborn up for adoption (when there were no other customers around to serve, mind you. No one was being neglected. Some days are slow.). Needless to say, I felt very comfortable there, and have a great love for the place. Until today.There is a $1.00 charge if you order the burger with anything but water. Previously I was unaware of this and it was not, to my knowledge, enforced. I noticed it IS written on the menu but the manner in which it is written lead me to believe that this was a charge for ordering to-go. It is easily missed by a hungry customer. Mind you, that extra $1.00 is well worth the food. They advertise the burgers as $3.99. I would just as easily have fallen in love with the place if they advertised them as $4.99. But it's not about the dollar. It's just a dollar for goodness sake, it's about the manner in which my server brought this to my attention and carried on after.I am not a stenographer. Anything in quotes is to the best of my recollection or just the gist and be succinct.Today. Oh goodness, today- My server was "Katie". She made sure to enforce this, repeating over and over, "I'm not going to lose my job over this." When I expressed my surprise about this, having been a regular and never heard of this before, she basically said that management was cracking down on them and straight out said that she was going to have to report the behavior of the other waitresses (one of which who I [stupidly] mentioned by name. Let's call her Jane) to management. Because she wasn't "going to get fired over this." My girlfriend and I wrote a kindly-worded letter intended for management, informing them of our grievances with Katie and defending the others who have been so good to us. When we asked who the manager is, Katie replied that it was Jane, and the only one above her was the actual establishment owner. She said that if I was to talk to anyone "higher up" I would only be getting Jane in trouble. She stumbled around her words a lot at this point and seemed rather nervous. So this means that Jane is cracking down on herself and that Katie is going to report Jane's actions to Jane so that Jane will lose her job instead of Katie.I know. I was confused, too. Either she was lying or was fumbling around her words trying to protect herself to the point of utter confusion, or some combination.I have greatly enjoyed my time with and service from the other waitresses and cooks who she said she was going to blow the whistle on. I don't write this in outrage of her actions, but in defense of a threat to one of the main reasons why I love the place so much: the staff.I don't know what the story is with this Katie, but she was extremely rude about absolutely everything in an establishment which I would otherwise consider a haven.Note: "Katie" also got massively defensive when we asked to move a table down because the tabletop was sticky and I was tapping rhythmically to the squishy sound of my shoes sticking to the floor. She repeated multiple times that she had already wiped the table down and it was more than obvious that that table, and others were not. You know how when you try to clean something with a filthy rag it leaves a visible trail of sticky oil/grease/soda syrup? Yeah. There was a nice glaze of that on the table. On any other day this would be a 5 star review but if this is the way "management" is going...P.S.- If it adds any credence to my rant I think I'm the "duke" here? Or whatever it is? I don't know, I hope this all changes and I can HAPPILY edit this back to a gleaming review of the place before they lose my business.
5	It is the best local bar/restaurant.  The burgers are great, for the same price as McDonald's, Jack in the Box, Burger King, it is far superior and far fresher.  The wings are tasty and they have so many flavors it rivals Bdubs.  My favorite things though are the cheese curds, those can be a meal on their own.  They are cheesy crispy delicious morsels.  I know I know, what's the difference between cheese curds and mozzarella sticks?  The taste, the cheese in the cheese curds are a sharper tasting cheese.  I can't forget the $3 dollar large glass of PBR, I think it's a 36 oz., it's one of those really large beer mugs.  So to recap for $10 I can have a burger, a shot, and a beer.  Makes this gal very happy!  The servers and bartenders are super friendly, makes you feel like a friend and feel like you're in the midwest.  The service in the kitchen can kinda be inconsistent depending on how busy they are, but even when my food comes out a little different it still tastes sooo good, so I don't even mind.Great place to sit chill watch sports and meet nice people.
2	Wow, just... Wow.My Firs- SECOND- and only- SECOND complaint! (Still the same complaint, really.)So, I went back today hoping to redeem my views. They were simply reinforced. Even though Yelp is most definitely a place for opinions I will try my best to be as factual as possible. I hate for one bad experience or one bad employee to ruin an entire restaurant for me but that's the way it's looking. Heck, that's the entire reason I went back tonight! "Don't let one bad apple spoil the bunch." to be a good sport, heck I even tipped my normal rate again tonight because I am still trying to see the positives! Well, I'll start with that:THE GOOD: As usual the food was outstanding. We were not only served by "Katie" (who I will get to in a second), but also by a gentleman in the back who quite possibly the only man to receive a hypothermia injury in Las Vegas. He was polite, friendly, and still hobbled over providing us with great service in spite of his leg injuries. The place was a little busier on the bar side of things tonight.THE BAD: Katie, oh lord Katie. My girlfriend and I came back, hoping to amend things. For some perspective we have both worked in the service industry before, mostly retail, so we try to keep that in mind. Seriously, I am at a loss for words for your -tact-.  Yes, management DID try to get in touch with me since my last visit and review. However, they never left a message, leaving me to believe they were telemarketers. I also work at a hospital so once I realized who was calling me I tried to call back ASAP. I do not have the luxury of being able to answer my phone immediately at work. So, I'd end up speaking to someone else who didn't know the situation or why they were being called. Okay.Katie came over, reminding us that management tried to call. We gave the above explanation and this time gave them my girlfriend's number for contact (she CAN be bothered to answer the phone more than I, and honestly, I'm done). We ordered and started to eat, served by the gentleman I mentioned above. It was busy in the bar area, so I won't jump to conclusions and say she was avoiding us.  She asked if we had "come again for another round to complain." I replied that, "no, this was our first time coming in since you last saw us. It must have been someone else." To her credit, she did let slip one "I'm sorry" around this point.But then, and I can't believe this, Katie actually got out her tablet, and brought up my first review on Yelp! She said, and yes, this time I am quoting, "You are Brett, right?""Yes?""See, I just don't know why someone would make up such lies.""Like what?""I don't know, I haven't read the whole thing, but Kristi (previously referred to as [Jane] in my older review) is my FRIEND and like here, you said the table was dirty, it was NOT. And I just, I don't know why someone would say such lies." And she went on (to use my girlfriend's word "harassing us") like this...Wow. When I worked service, and someone was upset, you apologize, you try to make it better. "The customer is always right." You don't stand there, rehashing old crap, and trying to prove that you're right. But she did, she kept digging that grave.Our food came. It was still outstanding (and will be missed). The gentleman from the back continued to be a pleasant gentleman. Then Katie brings us the check.Once again, I'm astonished by her words. She brought my change, picked up her shovel, dug deeper, and said, "Look I don't know what you guys are trying to do, but management here really loves me here, so I don't know what you're trying to do or why, but whatever it is it's not going to work." I replied, "it's not like we're out to get you or anything."Wow, wow, just...wow... I am happy to pass this torch to my girlfriend, who was with me on both occasions and has more than enough credibility to speak for our experiences. I'm a glass-half-full kind of guy. I kept telling her to "relax, calm down, and take the high road." I -STILL- hope they call her, redeem this place. Otherwise, Badger Cafe, your delicious food and OTHER servers will be sorely missed.Girlfriend is currently writing her own review, and email through their website.When I tipped, because I still just could not bring myself to stiff an entire place on the tip, I wrote on one of the bills, "Because the guy with the bum legs deserves IT!"With a packed bar, she even thought she had the time to take out her tablet, argue with us constantly, and provide no service other than bringing the check. This should be a massive red flag. The gentleman brought out menus, food, drinks, refills, etc. I'm honestly baffled.What did the managers/owners tell her to make her feel so invincible to customer complaints? What do they think she is doing? Do they really support this kind of behavior?
2	I am the girlfriend of "Brett P.", who wrote a review on 6/29/13, about our unfortunate experience with a waitress named Katie. I agree with him in that the food is good, we absolutely love (most of) the staff and cooks that work there...however my view of the place is getting worse.Please note: I worked in the service industry for years. I know when a customer is being just plain wrong and I also know when to admit my own mistakes. I'm meek as they come and if I'm in a restaurant and don't get what I ordered, I'll eat it anyways - I seriously don't like to be a bother and make people angry with me. That is just not who I am. Nor am I the kind of person out to "get someone" (this will be important later).Anyways, tonight, 7/9/13, we went back for dinner. Again, unfortunately, Katie was the waitress on duty and for the first 10 minutes that we were sitting down, she intentionally avoided us, prompting the cook to come and get our drink and eventually, food orders. Normally this wouldn't be a big deal...but the guy had an obvious limp and had trouble walking. (The cook was a great, amicable guy!) It nagged at the back of my mind that it was a bit inconsiderate of her to have him do that, when she was also walking around such a small restaurant.After the cook limped back to the kitchen, Katie came up to our table and just started talking. No hi, no nothing, just immediately, "You know the manager keeps calling you [about last time], why haven't you picked up?" My boyfriend explained it was bad timing; he can't always get to the phone in the job he works (hospital) and that he had called back later to no avail."(Other Waitress) said you had gone about your complaining (*note* not 'complaint', but 'complaining') another way...?"My boyfriend was confused. "This is the first time we've been back since you last saw us, what do you mean?" She mumbled some apologies and went back into the kitchen. A few minutes later, and I am SHOCKED someone would be so inept to act this way on a busy night, brought out a tablet and pulled up Brett's review on Yelp! "You ARE Brett, right?" she asked. He said he was. She turned the tablet around and made sure to show us she was on Yelp. She turned it back around to her and started to act VERY flippant. "Well, I don't know why you would say such things when they aren't true." "Like what?" Brett asked. She rolled her eyes and said "Well I haven't read the full thing yet, but they just aren't true. Like the tables, I DID wipe them down." (It was quite obvious there was a spilled soda on our 1st table that day, by the way my arm was sticking to it)Brett, also being noticeably shocked just said, "Okay." I mean, what the hell do you respond with in this type of situation? I don't know about anyone else but I found it to be extremely unprofessional to go up to YOUR customers and accuse them of lying and having an opinion on, I don't know...A SITE MADE FOR EXPRESSING OPINIONS.She made a couple other snotty remarks before she walked away. Brett and I could not believe what was going on. Honestly, I wanted to leave right then and there, I was so pissed that she was harassing us about her service the last time...well you know what, she wasn't making it any better! In fact, it's easy to say, she was making it so much worse this time!Our food came (delivered by the cook, and NOT Katie). The food was ok but I was at this point pretty disgusted with how she had approached all this and wasn't hungry anymore. Katie came up to us to harass us again about not picking up the phone when the manager called Brett previously (In the middle of us eating, which again; EXTREMELY rude) and I just couldn't stand it anymore. Up until this point, Brett was usually doing most of the talking, but I couldn't let her continue on with herself. "You can take down MY number, as he is at work all day and can't answer the phone. I would be HAPPY to talk with management about this." She wrote it down and went back to the kitchen. At that point, I was just done, I wanted to leave as soon as possible, telling Brett to hurry.We got our check and when she came back with our change, she said, and I quote: "I just want you to know...I've worked here a long time (I'd never seen her before these past two times), and management really likes me. I don't know what you're trying to do but whatever it is, it's not going to work." And with that, she spun on her heels and practically sprinted back to the kitchen as Brett tried to tell her, "We're not out to get you---" We couldn't get out of there fast enough. He did however leave a tip directed at the cook who actually did both jobs for us tonight. I personally think the food's going a bit downhill but YMMV.I have never had such a horrible, tactless waitress in my entire LIFE. For someone who kept expounding on her in-fallibleness with management over and over again to us, I seriously question their judgement in general. I doubt I'll be going back.
1	Manager got back to me 10 days after my initial review, just a few minutes ago. Absolutely rude and said he's never had a complaint against the particular waitress in 8 years (hard to believe, I've polled other friends who've eaten there and don't care for her either...)Completely missed the point when I explained that it was extremely unprofessional for her to confront / harrass us WHILE WE'RE EATING and tell us how much we're lying; how it's not about the ONE EXTRA DOLLAR WE WOULD HAVE GLADLY PAID, but the way she did her job. Even admitted that HE told HER not to serve us until he talked with my boyfriend and I first (So I guess it's perfectly okay to have the disabled cook serve us when it's obvious his leg hurts when he walks...REAL nice of you!) Doesn't like the fact we gave our opinions on the service, thought it was rude of US. Excuse me for warning others about how badly we were served on multiple occassions. (Just FYI - Gotten plenty of PMs thanking me for the review! Keep it up!)The food was pretty good but I will never ever return. According to them, I'm sure they won't miss my boyfriend and I and are probably glad to be rid of us. Fine with me. I'll stick to the friendlier hole-in-the-wall establishments I frequent.Seriously, what happened to basic human decency in this world? I didn't want any free food, I didn't want ANYTHING out of this except for the business to understand that what she did was absolutely uncalled for and very unprofessional. I would have been happy to just hear one sentence --- "I'm sorry this happened and we will discuss this with the waitress" When I worked in the service industry, this was how things were usually handled.  "Well sorry you don't like the way we run things," is what was said instead...and no. No I sure don't like the way this place is running things...and if they continue to treat others this way, we aren't going to be the only ones.I bid adieu to all the NICE people there (Kristi, Short-Haired Waitress I can't remember's name, and all the cooks!)...I will miss you all terribly.
4	Best burger is Vegas! The fries are great as well. Plus it's a fantastic deal, 3.99!Having said that, my mom got the breakfast and she said it wasn't anything out of the ordinary but it was good solid food. I come from a small town and I enjoyed the cozy atmosphere. The staff were really nice and it seems like most of the customers are regulars. I think it's Wisconsin type food because they have fried cheese curds. Delish!My only complaint was that the iced tea was ghastly. It was that syrup stuff instead of brewed. You pretty much have to get a drink to get the deal, so I recommend coke or lemonade.
4	My boyfriend and I stumble across this place a couple years ago. At first, we intended to go to a different food place, but since the place was closed, and we were starving, we settled on this place. And are we glad we did.While we can hardly call ourselves regulars, we've been here on several occasions, especially during the UNLV school year. We've never been disappointed in the food, and have even introduced friends to the place (none of which we disappointed). Food: they have an awesome deal on wings and burgers. We always for for this deal. You won't be disappointed by either. Wings: The wings are a good size, never small or dry. 24 wings, which is way more than enough for the two of us, is only $16 and some change. They have  large range of sauce choices. My favorite that I've had so far is Spicy Garlic.Burgers: $3.99 for a fresh 1/2 lb burger isn't a bad deal at all. There are a few extra charges for certain toppings, but it will hardly ever come out to more than $10 for the burger. Fries: Oh my God these fries. Beer-battered fries. They are amazing. They are  crispy, delicious, and only $1 an order with the wing or burger deal. If you ever go, please try the fries. They are hands down the best fries I've ever had. Service: I have yet to have any rude service here. The waitresses we've encountered have all been very nice and friendly. I actually went today, and missed the name of our waitress, but she was the sweetest lady. She was in her mid to late 20s, I think.  I really wish I caught her name because it was the best service I've had there yet.
4	Stopped in and tried the burger & fries... It was Really good, not the best ever but solid. Menu has plenty of options and very reasonably priced. Ill be back!
5	I've never been disappointed by badger cafe! Good food for really good prices. The servers are always friendly. The burgers are straight forward and perfectly made. The wings are messy in a good way. The breakfast is exactly what you want after a night of debauchery. Speaking of debauchery, its attached to a bar!
4	Food  = average.Green Bay fans = WAY above average!Server/waitress = Awesome!Bartender = super fast and impressive!Look, I'm a Packers fan, so expect my review to be biased. I showed up at 950AM for a 10AM Packers game, I had a couple of options for seating, which was impressive in itself.  We ended up choosing to share a community table on the patio to avoid the smoke inside.  There were 10 people split between two tables and one giant TV...it was incredible.  (IS incredible. I'm here right now.)The food was nothing mind-blowing, but the prices were fantastic.  The server was SO sweet and the bartender was very attentive.  I'll come here again for big Green Bay games for sure.  This place screams Midwest....great patrons, awesome staff, and a sense of community.
5	I absolutely love this place. Anytime I want inexpensive diner food I go to badger! My favorites: Medium wings, medium-rare burgers, and the chili cheese fries. The wings are super fat and juicy every time I get them. The medium wings are the best and I've had the blackened wings and they were okay, but not really my thing. It is RIDICULOUS that you can get a burger so cheap and that the cooks will make it medium rare. It is so hard to find a good medium rare burger joint! I have to stop myself from getting a tasty burger every time I go there. The chili is to die for and it is even better on fries topped with cheese! I've also had the cheese curds which were good and the pot roast was good. The pot roast had great texture, but needed to be seasoned a bit more. I look forward to trying more meals here!
5	Amazing place and great service. Not expensive at all. Near to the strip and has great menu. Eat like a long here and proceed to visit the rest of Nevada.  The lady here is awesome with a nice smile and welcoming.  They even have wings for breakfast which I am lte is awesome again. You can order before hand too. Yelp shows closed in the morning but this place is open 24*7 just like the city. So come here and enjoy it.
5	Wonderful burger and fries. This was my first time here, but God willing it won't be my last!! The burger is real meat!!! I am feeling full!!
5	I used to live down the street from this bar and never knew that it was there it's a great friendly environment with good drink specials machines and lots of things to do when your drinking attach there is a restaurant that has some  phenomenal food they have a really great 399 build your own which is the most juiciest cooked to order burger I've ever had a bar it has all different kinds of toppings you can choose fries sauces and any kind of trimmings you can think oftheir chicken wings have so many different flavors they have all the way from hot to plane to honey barbecue to spicy barbecue with ranch and bleu cheese they're cooked fresh that big plump and juicythe even have some great specials on the menu like a chicken fried steak sandwich with country gravy for 599 which is one of my favorite to go to anytime of the day with any kind of friends
5	Best burger in Vegas hands down! Badger Cafe is connected to the Rum Runner, so you can eat in the bar and get 24 oz. beers for only $4.50 You build your own 1/2 pound burger for $3.99 and it is AWESOME!! I would highly suggest getting their wings. They are just as good as the burger. They have around 12 different sauces and a flavor of the month. The staff here is great and you will want to go back. They make you feel like they have known you for years.
5	Greatest greasy spoon style burgers ever. Fresh fast delicious. Service is great too. Same people for years.
2	Used to love this place.But i don't go anymore since they raised their prices...in some cases as much as 25%.Ignore any review that says the burger is $3.99. It's $4.99 now.
4	Hot chicken wings were very buttery. Reminded me of Hooters wings. Waitress was awesome and Ill try more things on the menu! Worth checking out!
3	Tried the build a burger and the wings very good quality. The burger was high-quality Angus beef cooked on charcoal grill very good flavor.The french fries were a little bit off somewhat of a fish flavor I guess from the oil.Reasonable prices and good portions. The wings were exceptionally good and then done on a charcoal grill after having the hot sauce put on a very nice flavor. very fresh really enjoyed them.
2	Reeeeeeeaaaaaaallllly slow service. I realize the bar next door is busy with pool players ordering food but one burger, that's all I want, just one burger, and she wouldn't give it to me......half an hour, dayum. Basic diner fare. Decent fries.
5	This will forever be my favorite place to eat in vegas. Not only do they serve the best wings/burgers in town 24/7 but they also have a great menu with lots of delicious breakfast items as well as lunch! the servers here are always super friendly. One can never go wrong with what they get. I highly recommend this place. Trust me after your first bite you'll forget you're at a bar. They're food is amazing!!
5	Great 1/2 pound burger for 5.50. And the wings omg the wings. But best of all the homemade potato chips! Great deal.
4	Came here after easing great review of their burger special. Burger was great and filling. Such a great little hole in the wall.
4	Question: "We're only here briefly, and while I'm here I want to allow myself joy."A. Quote from the movie, "Her"B. What I think of everytime I have a burger from Badger CafeC. Both of the aboveBest way to go is ordering from Rum Runner Lounge and enjoying it with a large ice cold beer.  In fact, I don't think I've actually ever eaten inside the restaurant.  From what I could usually see through the windows of the bar next door, the place actually looks quite small with limited seating.  I like how they even let their guests customize their own burgers to whatever they desire.  Can't go wrong with "the works," fried egg, avocado, and roasted sweet pepper.  Overall, Badger Cafe serves up one of the best burgers in town!!  I definitely recommend this place especially for out-of-towners... worth the short drive out of the strip.
2	The food is good but the service was terrible.It was not busy but only one waitress working. She was doing a great job. Taking care of the 8 customers in the cafe and orders in the bar.Just not us. It was like we were invisible. Passed by our table twice. The cook came and asked of we have been helped. Got us our drinks and said the waitress would be with us.15 minutes later she asked if we needed drinks from about 30 feet away. We told her we had them and would like to order. She replied"she would be right there". 5 minutes later we order. She was talking and laughing with everyone there and even a take out order.Maybe we were in her blind spot?Terrible service.
4	Still holding strong at 4 Stars, Badger Cafe has a safe place nestled in my heart. When I know I want grease and burgers and to walk away smelling like a fry cook I come here.Last time my husband and I went the place was packed, although we were able to find a seat, we did wait for quite awhile to not only place our drink orders, but also our food orders.However, the waitress wasn't just standing around doing nothing. Yes, THE waitress, the only one in a restaurant with packed tables, also serving food to the bar next door, and bar-side seating in front of the kitchen. She was hustlin'. Plus she is super nice and in-yo-face. Which, some people will like, others will not. She will sit down next to you and take your order. Seriously, expect it. Anyway, this place is for a special kind of people. But the food is amaze. Burgers are the best. Always done right and to your specifications. Plus, it's cheap.
2	Oh Badger Cafe, how far you have fallen. Many days and nights, my broke college-going self would make my way through your doors, the juicy, hand-pressed burgers were right in my budget and oh-so delicious!The last few times we have gone in for burgers, there were problems. Not serious enough to write you off, we would wait a little while, then head back and try again. Problems again. What kind of problems you ask?- The past FIVE times, my wife has ordered grilled mushrooms on her burger. The past FIVE times, she has received ZERO mushrooms on her burger.- Every third time or so, your food works like McDonald's and Burger King - a la a guaranteed intestinal cleanse. Not pleasant at all.- The size of the mayo/thousand island cups has shrunk to where a french fry folded in half is as wide as the mouth of the cup. Seriously?!- Finally, despite re-assurances from the staff, there is no way in hell those are hand-pressed burgers. So dry, tough and flavorless, That is the signature of pre-made patties.*If the burger maintained its hand-pressed tastiness, we could get over the other items, or at least, feel up for the gamble of if we had to race home and to the bathroom. No sense in continuing to support food that declined so much.Also, having staff engaging in lengthy discussions about how much they hate other staff members that aren't there, with each other - and regular customers, is very unprofessional. If you have an issue with that person, talk to them, deal with it, shut up or quit. I don't want to feel involved in your drama, because that is the only thing that could be heard in the restaurant.* I used to flip burgers and hand press 40-50 lbs of burgers a couple times a week, I have some experience in this area.
5	Adjacent to the Rum Runner. Waitresses actually come into the bar to take orders. Service is genuinely friendly and helpful. The wings appear to be off a pre-historic bird, which is massive for non-history buffs. Large list of flavor options. I want to come back.
3	I can see the potential! We ordered appetizer combo-- the best part was the badger bites.  It is a big combo so plenty to share with a couple friends!For the meal we ordered chili size with chili cheese fries-- huge!! The hamburger patty itself was very good!! In fact think that if we return, we'll go for the build your own burger instead. The chili was only average.Very friendly service-- can definitely tell it is a place frequented by locals-- casual and off the beaten path!
2	This place is really close by my apartment, it's open 24 hours and it's cheap; the perfect trifecta. It's the reason I used to come here a lot, not that I ever loved the place but it was convenient. Kinda like sex in 105 degree weather, it's not what you really want but it's there.So, I know this two-star review means the Badger and I are officially breaking up. Alas, it has to be done. I'm done with the abuse, I have to move on. I always get their chicken wings. Everyone raves about their burgers, which are good, but no one would rave about them if they weren't $5. If I want a cheap burger, I'll go to In N Out. If I want a great burger, I will go to Holsteins or Fat Choy's. I don't mind paying more for a great burger and this city is full of them. But you can't beat the price of their chicken wings, I get the 18 huge wings with fries for around $15. It  makes at least three meals for me. The taste is okay but here's the straw that broke the camel's back: today they were underdone. They weren't bloody and health dept-needs-to-shut-them-down-raw. They were more soft in the middle, near the bone and I could feel raw meat when I bit into it. It was just gross. So to air out the relationship's dirty laundry, I never did care for the grimy look of the place, the annoying waitresses (although today's waitress was nice), the curt phone calls and the misquoting of prices over the phone and website. Sorry Badger, it was a nice run but it wasn't working out... In the infamous words of Taylor Swift, "We are never, ever, EVER getting back together"
4	This place is kind of hidden in a plaza full of other cafes. As part of the Rum Runner Lounge, it is a 24 hour sit down style restaurant. From all of my visits so far there are more pros then cons.ProsSince its 24 hours you can come here any time. The lounge itself is sealed off from the cafe because they put a door to the entrance instead of being an open space. Menus are on all the tables so when you sit at whatever table is available you can already start looking at your options and everything is on the menu is available at any time. Every table has all the condiments you will ever need for any of your entrees. ConsLIke I mentioned above, since its 24 hours, if you come between the hours of 12 am and 5 am, you just might run into some colorful characters. The bathrooms are located in the casino so if you have kids, they need to be escorted at all times.As for the food, I have discovered so far that most everything I have tried is good. The things that you cant go wrong with are the burgers, hot wings, chili cheese fries, onion rings, and any breakfast item. For the burgers which are half pound not frozen angus beef patties, (starting at $4.99) you have a checklist of what you want on there so you can mark off what you want with the pencils provided. Items like pickles, lettuce, mayo, and onions are free while some others like tomatoes, cheese, bacon, etc are extra. Same goes for the hot wings. You select your quantity and what flavor.The one downer for food I got one time was the new york steak. It was bland. I had to douse it with a combination of A1 and Heinz 57 sauce just to give it some kind of flavor.Service for the most part was stellar. Understandably if the place is busy then service will be slow sometimes especially when patrons from the lounge order things as well. Yes, you can hang out in the lounge and order food to be brought out to you. So overall, Badger Cafe is a nice spot to hit up if you are in the area no matter what time it is for good grub at decent prices. Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #150
5	Well worth the trip off of the strip. no rush, no fuss, no pressure, and good food. definitely worth a return trip.
3	Even though they've raised their price a buck...at $4.99 Badgers build your own burger is still a tasty bargain. My son and I had the burger..wife had a BLT. all gave it high grades. feel as though we got a flavor of the real las Vegas...not some cookie cutter chain deal. There are some "sketchy" characters patronizing this spot...but overall its a solid thumbs up. Service was fine...food was good...and the price is right!
4	Went last night with the family as we discovered this place isn't barely a block away from home. We enjoyed ourselves. Husband ordered a "Build Your Own Burger" and from what I saw it was a good burger. He inhaled it along with their fries. My son ordered wings and fries from the kids menu. And he enjoyed it too. The fries were abundant and he actually was too stuffed to finished them. I ordered the blackened wings with bleu cheese and fries. I left the bone completely clean. They were spicy enough for my experienced palate to take a step back to appreciate the spice. Blackened to perfection. And my fries were great too. Next time I'll order the same wings but I def want to give there chips (made fresh to order) a try.
3	this is a first for me but I'm adding a star for the service.  our server was really exceptional.  efficient and friendly but without being intrusive.  because it was my first visit I had to get the burger.  I ordered it medium rare.  it came out medium well.  the meat was good but a little too charred.  the bun was very fresh which I certainly appreciate but it's too much bread for my taste.  the real disappointment for me were the French fries.  they're truly gross.  I will go back when I'm on that side of town to try some other items on the menu, i'll just pass on the burgers and fries.
4	For the type of place it is, its open 24/7, waiter was attentive, i think they serve breakfast 24/7,I ordered the Spicy Pastrami on wheat bread, had jalapenos and a nice kick to it, with fries bill came up to 7.02.Cute little place although intimidating to walk inside at first.
5	I like this place open 24/7 the lady manager or owner idk what she is was very friendly, they are nice here, they gave me double ranch with out charge. I got the sampler appetizer.  I like the fried zucchini the best I subsituted the jalapeno poppers for mushrooms, they didn't charge me extra 4 that either. Maybe I should have tried the poppers cause now I'm curious going to come back to try the burger next time. Food tasted better when there is a friendly server I think. I took togo. Would be nice if they served pizza here. :)
4	Now I must admit I've only been here for Packer games. It's an old bar that hasn't changed much over the past 20 years. This place will never be a 5 star but it never claims to be a classy joint. It's a step above a dive bar but what makes this place my home for packer games is the people who come to watch the games. It's Wisconsin people! They're friendly and welcoming and always welcome fans of the opposing team. The drinks are reasonably priced and the food is on the upper echelon when it comes to bar food. Breakfast 24/7 and great burgers. The place does smell like smoke and you may be eating on a pool table but that's part of the charm.
5	Go here. Get cheap awesome breakfast and get day drunk next door. It's like a real diner. Completely separate from Rum Runner bar so no smoke if that's your thing.Any second I was waiting for Alice to pop her head out an yell "Kiss my grits y'all!"
4	The food was great!  The restaurant is not.  The service was so slow it was almost comical. At one point, the waitress acknowledged that we had nothing to drink but it was still another five minutes before someone actually brought us a refill. While there, I saw a guy standing and waiting to pay for a full five minutes or more, hoping to avoid that, I made sure to get up when she was paying attention, but she sat down with another table and spoke to them about the menu for quite a while.  Their service was probably awesome.  The restaurant itself is non-smoking, but is connected to a bar that allows smoking, so it's still pretty smokey.Overall, I would definitely eat the food again, I would probably just order it to go.
3	The actual sit-down restaurant is every bit as divey as the Rum Runner bar it's attached to- but in the best old-school way. Service is more on par with a diner, with friendly older ladies who exceed your expectations and call you variations of "honey" and "sweetie" every time they come by to check on you.Food is delicious and affordable:$4 app of beer-battered brats with spicy mustard is A+Wings can be ordered in increments of 6, but only one sauce for 6 and 12 piece orders- if you want multiple flavors, just order multiple 6-pieces. Both ranch and bleu cheese dressing available, sauce variety has about ten types from mild to hot, extra spicy, lime, garlic, and blackened- their specialty.The burgers though, are probably a highlight: just under $6 to build your own with the basics, adding on a few charges for add-ons like guac, grilled mushrooms, and jalapenos. Grilled and fresh onions are both free, found it odd that tomatoes were a fifty-cent charge.Good food, good service. They could have a stand-alone place with this kind of quality, but seem to have a good setup with the RumRunner!
4	We frequent a wash and fold laundry in the same run down shopping plaza where the Badger Cafe is located, but have never noticed it before.  I was initially hesitant to even enter, but it turned out to be a pretty ordinary coffee shop that primarily serves as the restaurant for the adjoining Rum Runner Lounge.  My wife ordered coffee, French toast and bacon while I chose easy over eggs, sourdough toast and hash browns.  Everything was spot on with service to match.
5	This is a 5 star dive that's worth the drive. Be forewarned, it's not fancy.  But who cares?  If you're here it's probably 2am and you either have been, or will be, making poor decisions. But in the meantime, enjoy some of the best middle of the night food you'll find in Vegas. 24 hours for your convenience. This is the place where I have had some of my best times with my friends. We spent NYE13 here and watched the fireworks from the parking lot. I've eaten so much drunk food here. Their build your own burger is so great.  I actually CRAVE their wings. We've never had a safety concern here, or food poisoning. We've never had an issue with our bill or charging our card. If I had a last meal request before I die, it would be the teriyaki wings and cheese curds.
3	My boyfriend & I decided to go grab a bite to eat before heading out for the night. We saw on Yelp that this place was a good place for burgers so we stopped in.It's a small little place connected to the Rum Runner (a bar), so we grabbed a seat & chose what toppings we wanted on our burgers & apps we wanted to start with. The little family that runs this place seemed frantic & out of it. The waitress that came over to take our order was a bit negative about her night but seemed nice or like she just had a run in with a bad customer. (Those are the worst, I know because I'm a server too).. I ordered a burger med well with the normal toppings (which she forgot some of them) & an iced tea. The tea tasted bad so I drank my water instead. I ordered the cheese curds which were good, but they were just smaller versions of mozzarella sticks. All in all, the burgers were a good price, tasted delicious but I feel like the family that runs that place should be a bit more professional & may need a lesson in being a bit more happy & not tell other customers about how shitty their night was!
3	Nothing has actually changed from the restaurant since our first visit.  In fact, it's still that same old diner adjacent to Rum Runner that serves one of the best burgers in Las Vegas.  So why must I write an update and even take down a star from my initial review?!  I suppose my last experience was rather appalling.  After going to the bar numerous times for years, it was a first that a menu was brought to my attention.  Having always ordered the burger with desired fixins and a side of hot wings, I wanted to venture out and go for something else.  After reading through an extensive array of items I didn't know the restaurant has offered in the past, I decided to go for the roast beef.  For $7.99, the meal comes with salad or soup, vegetable of the day and a choice of potato.  To my surprise, the dish was not as I expected it to be.  The meat itself was comparable to prepackaged deli one can get at grocery stores.  Only if the menu mentioned that part, I could have saved money or ordered something else as I didn't even eat more than a bite from it.Overall, Badger Cafe is still my go-to late night burger joint.  Perhaps, don't expect highly of their other items on the menu if you do end up going that route.  One thing's certain, I'll just stick to what I know best and order that next time.
1	So my friends Ivan and Martin kept hyping up this place called rum runner aka badger cafe. It was okay til I receive my burger all soggy with black wet stuff on the side of my buns. I was disturbed... It was by far unappealing. I ate like 1/3 of the burger...never again
