5	"What, you gave 5 Stars to a WalMart?  Are you nuts?  What about how they...?"Hey, chill ok?  WalMart just is what it is, & I could argue either side of it in the threads if I wasn't busy having a life!  I just want to report how this particular WalMart is as a big box, discount department store:*  The store was clean & there wasn't any unstocked merchandise in the aisles.*  All the stock was being kept where it belonged, nice & neat, despite the store being busy.*  Everything on my WalMart shopping list was IN STOCK, no excuses!  (Can you imagine?)*  I dealt with several Associates during my visit, & they were all wide awake, friendly, & knowledgeable!*  There were enough registers open at checkout time!While the shopping experience can vary a lot from one WalMart to another, Manager Patrick Parker is running a tight ship here & everything was right about the place.  It was a pleasure to shop here today & I think they earned 5 Stars!     :-))
2	this walmart is Terrible, they close early randomly on days that are barely holidays.Also it is listed online as 24 hours but they are not 24 hour. It's super annoying.
5	Thank you Walmart management team for taking care of my adorable mom (Judy) & treating the elderly with respect & care!!!!!  I personally have not been impressed by any previous Walmarts; especially where I live.  I haven't been to yours but my mom always speaks highly of your location & staff!  She loves her new 'laz-y-boy' chair (recliner).
1	If there was a option to give 0 stars I would. If I have no choice and have to go to this walmart I have to mentally prepare myself. Every single time I come to this walmart I leave aggravated and empty handed. The employees no nothing about their store, where things are, and don't know English or I can barely understand  them. If they have to ask a manager they walk me across the entire store and to find out the manager doesn't even know if they carry it or where it might be. If I do end up buying something I go to the check out counters and they have 4 operating and they are backed up with customers buying loads and loads of crap and I have one thing. I will never go to this walmart unless I absolutely have to.
1	tl;dr--Management sucks at event planning, and hires police to enforce store policies, which were only reiterated correctly if store policy is "f*** you".This is a review of this particular store's ability to function during Black Frid...er...Thanksgiving, a.k.a. the worst shopping experience I've ever seen, even compared to other Black Friday madness. Okay, so doors are open all day, but no one is allowed to have anything discounted until 6pm, in which sales are conducted in intervals of two hours. This is obviously bullshit, but it's not unique to this store, so I'm not giving them one star for that. Fine print on ads reads that tickets may be given out in advance to shoppers who get there early to wait. However, this is at the management's discretion, and staff wouldn't disclose whether or not they'd participate. Additionally, they pick and choose which items to give out tickets for. This is dumb. So here's what really grinds my gears:-The Black Friday map was inaccurate. While it says "laptops here", only half of them were in that actual location. The other half were on the other side of the store, with no way to figure it out without stumbling upon it. -Police were getting aggressive with shoppers, blatantly misinterpreting store policy. "If you don't have a ticket, you can't get this item! Leave!" They straight up yelled at someone to get away for no reason, even though there were coupons shoppers could pick up to pay for their item now and have it shipped later. I cannot stress enough how terrible it is to be intimidated by law enforcement for doing nothing wrong. -When picking up a voucher, shoppers have to pay for the item at the cashier, and have it shipped later. That's awesome for people who don't like to literally camp in parking lots. However, management CHOSE to open up ONLY TWO registers for these vouchers, forcing what looked like 80% of the traffic into two lines that easily took 90 minutes. My friends took their vouchers to a different location to avoid this crap. This used to be my go-to spot for busy holiday shopping. It felt like a location not a lot of people went to for more expensive items. NEVER. AGAIN.
4	This Walmart correctly and promptly handled my Ship-To-Store order. I didn't know that EVER happened.It also carries family-sized packs of chocolate Gansitos. You will never want Twinkies or Zingers again, once you've had Gansitos.The fast food eatery is a very expensive Subway, so you can have some illusion of healthfulness if you're starving mid-trip, but this is a good neighborhood for cheap food, so I'd eat at the plaza across 51st Avenue.Otherwise, it's a Walmart. It's better on Mexican food than a lot of them, and it's the only place I've ever seen canned boiled peanuts. It does not achieve the breakdown-of-society chaos of the Walmarts at Christown or at Thomas and 36th Street, and if you're hauling stuff to the bus, the parking lot is pleasingly shallow. It does not, however, aspire to the majesty of the Walmart at the far north end of Scottsdale.
