3	Guidelines for shopping at Wal-Mart:1) Make a list2) Do not deviate from said list3) Get in and do not make eye contact4) Grab from list and checkout quickly5) Go across the parking lot to get a shake at Chik Fil A to calm your nerves3 stars beacause I can get a shake at Chik Fil A when I'm done
3	It's a Wal Mart, so what do you really expect? This one is fairly new and Gilbert so, one of the least ghetto Wal Marts around.
4	Helpful employees, good prices (like every other Walmart). Parking lot can be a pain in the tail to get in and out of due to the idiot drivers of Gilbert, but all in all a good place to shop.
5	Keith and Lowery in the Auto Section helped me with a dead car battery; the old battery was tested, a replacement was issued and I had my paperwork in hand walking out the door in less than 15 minutes.   That's how it's done; thanks guys.
3	The employees are helpful, they are always OPEN, I am new to the area, and I can really rely to go to this Walmart.
4	I am at this Walmart almost every weekend ordering cupcakes and misc bakery items. Jenelle is amazing. Everything always looks amazing and she has even been able to squeeze my order in when I call last min! My only complaint is there are never enough lanes open...which is typical at a walmart it seems.
5	I recently visited a Wal-Mart because I got a flat tire. When I arrived it was 10 min till 7 and the Auto Department was closing. I was told that I needed to come back tomorrow to get my tire fixed. Upset I started to franticly call my husband to see if there was another place I could get a new tire. Bob saw this and walked up to me and said "Looks like your upset, what's the matter? " So I told Bob that I was just frustrated because I work and don't know when I would be able to get my tire fixed and that my husband just called and it wasn't a problem and now I am being told I am too late. Then Bob went back and talked to the guys and said to bring my car to the back and they will get it fixed up for me. Bob is so kind and sweet. He did not need to help me out, but he did. He went out of his way to make sure a customer was happy. He treated me like family and that's what good customer service is about. I am so grateful that he came to the rescue. I hope that by doing this he gets the recognition he deserves because of him I am not driving on a doughnut. Thank you Bob you made my day !!! Store # 5186 2501 S. Market Street Gilbert AZ 85295
4	I'm dying to know what the difference is between a Walmart and a Walmart Supercenter.  I'm not sure when it happened, but I just noticed that the "Supercenter" has been dropped from the name of this location.  Seems to me that they have the same vast selection and same low prices as before, so the name change confuses me.
2	absolutely detest this location. It is always busy, and people are extremely rude. Maybe I'm just not a fan of Walmart to begin with...Had some issues with being double charged on a credit card, not to mention it is overrun with noisy kids and angry soccer moms. I prefer going to Fry's or Albertson's. I can tell the people who work at this location are miserable too. If I have to buy something late at night I will stop in and get out quick, but that's about it.
3	its a walmart whats to say, cleaner then some i have seen. seems to be stocked each time we have come in. nothing yet to complain about. drivers in the parking lot though are a tad pissy about everything and will run ya over even in the cross walk. watched a lil old lady wait for like 5 cars because none of them would stop for her. you get ya typical WM shoppers in there.
3	Who doesn't love Wally world! or Walmart i should say! =) I absolutely love Walmart because it always has everything that I could possibly need at a very reasonable price. This is actually my favorite location for many reasons. 1. It's a Supercenter Walmart so not only does it have all your basic necessities but there is also food and it is 24 hours as well. 2. I love this location because the people are actually really friendly and helpful. And last but not least I love it because it's actually surprisingly clean and never gets overly crowded. Every time I go I always get some VIP parking spot right in the front! Not to mention it's across the street from the San Tan Village mall so you can do some shopping after if you like. I used to live in Gilbert so this was the location that I was going to pretty much on a weekly basis. It's a bit farther for me now since I live in Chandler but it's worth the drive if you want something that's 24 hours, clean, and quick at checking out. =)
1	I guess it doesn't help that I despise shopping at Walmart, but dirty Walmarts take the cake. Yuck!
3	It's Walmart. A necessary evil. Love the people of Walmart cuz it's real life Jerry Springer.
1	Screw Walmart! You want to know why the employees are so miserable?! Because their barely making ends meet and have no benefits. Well why won't they get another job? Because there is no jobs available for these people!! Believe me they wouldn't be working at walmart if they didnt have to. Walmart can go f*** itself and I will not be shopping here ever again. Costco and trader joes are my new favorite stores.
3	So I know Walmart isn't known for great customer service but this was pretty bad.  I went to buy some ammo but the sporting goods guy was one break, no biggie people need breaks at work I get that.  I went over to electronics and asked Bert if he could unlock to ammo or find somebody for me.  His response was I'm the only one covering both departments and can't leave my post.  I guess he couldn't he be bothered to pick up a phone and call a manager.  I guess my money isn't good enough for this guy.  I told him I will go find somebody else that would help me.  He is lazy!  I walked over to tire and lube and spoke with Marco,  he was great, he walked over called a manager and told me if somebody doesn't come soon to let him know.  I then stood for for about 5-7 minutes with nobody coming to help.  I finally got fed up and just called the store in my phone and asked to speak with a manager.  When he picked up I told him the story and he said that he knows the situation and somebody is coming.  When the manager got there he was very nice and apologized.  If everyone wasn't  short on ammo I would have left.  All in all I stood around for about 15-20 minutes waiting for someone.  Oh yeah, Bert is one lazy employee.  Thanks again to Marco he is the reason this store got 3 stars instead of one.
3	Walmart.  It's got what you need at great prices.  I detest some locations, but this one wasn't half bad.  We were able to get in and get out with what we needed without getting whiplash from someone else's cart.  I found most items to be in stock, including the fresh produce.  The sample people were out in full-force, so you could probably have lunch there for free if you play your cards right.  One of the less stressful Walmarts in my experience.
4	One of our favorite Walmarts to go to.
1	Let me be honest...I hate Walmart...I hate everything about it. You can tell me it is all free, and I rather go to Target. No matter what Walmart you go to, it is the same. Same customers and same staff. I had high hopes for this Walmart....let me down
3	I would have to say this is one of the better Wal-Marts that I've gone to.  Maybe it's reflective of the area the Wal-Mart is in?I had to pick up something from the Site to Store at this Wal-Mart.  I messed up and actually had my 3 orders sent to 2 stores instead of one.  What a pain.  I thought it was just the Chandler store, but I also experienced a lot wait time here at the Site to Store.  I used their non-working notification system.  This store's system went one step further.  When I would press it, it would stay activated for a bit and go back to the original screen to tell you to notify someone you need help.  Great, right?This time I was wiser, I did go to an associate to ask for her help.  She called, no one came.  Did this twice over a period of 10 minutes.  I finally got someone.  This associate was much nicer.  Same thing, my tiny items were packed in HUGE boxes.  What a complete waste of space and money.  Invest in a better working notification system, Wal-Mart.
5	I went in to pick up some fresh produces today and was surprise how clean and organize this location was. The cashier was very friendly and talkative.  I will definitely be back soon.
1	The layout of this store is great. My only complaint is that it takes just about as much time to check out as it does to shop. I'll admit....they have improved recently. ..however,  I would still like to see more cashiers. The store appears clean and organized. The clientele is less 'duck dynasty' inspired (code for white trash) than the Queen Creek store.If you could reduce the checkout time, I'd give more stars.Ok...now I'm extremely ANGRY! When I got home I scanned my receipt using the new Walmart app. When the app pulled up my receipt I reviewd the prices of the items I purchased, & I noticed a discrepancy. While I was at the store Pepsi was advertised that $2.24 a 12 pack. So, I bought eight. When I reviewed the receipt, I realized they charged me $3 a Pepsi. I called the customer service number and explain what happened to the lady over the phone. She put me on hold. After four and a half she came back on the line and ask me to explain explain what happened again. Then she told me I had to come to the store. I explained that now is going to have to spend gas money to go and resolve their mistake.  I told the lady to just pull my receipt up by the transaction number. She said she couldn't. ....but my app can and I believe she can too. So, I take my butt back to walmart.  They now have changed the sign. The customer service supervisor agreed to refund the difference plus give me store credit for my gas money... $2.50. However,  she forgot to do give me the store credit.  Tamara was her name. I was still so angry with the incompetent geriatric fool I spoke to over the phone and Tamara was nice, so I dropped it and walked away. I'm just tired of stupidity! Earlier in the day an old lady was cussing at some walmart employees about Obama care and how unfairly walmart treats their employees. ...yet she was yelling at the walmart employees.  Stupid!  They politely listened. I finally had to tell her to cut it out.So, this walmart review was knocked down to one star because of the stupid customer service employee who refused to help me unless I returned to the store. I'm taking stars in exchange for gas money and valuable wasted time.Have a good day and make good choices!
4	Of the wal marts that I've been to, I will have to say that this is one of the well stocked and cleaner ones.  I come here early in the mornings, so as to not be seen,  and the employees are pretty friendly and helpful (which is surprising). It's your typical wal mart, nothing to rave about
4	They have everything and anything you are not looking for. But I really wanted to give a shout out to the worlds friendliest door greeter. This older gent always has a smile on his face and is allllways helping the handicapped and other people in need. He makes my heart melt and his great attitude makes me feel less guilty about coming here and it's solely because of him that I will return
3	Pretty good selections of everything I need. This Walmart stays better stocked than other Walmarts I have lived next to. However. I ALWAYS wait at least 20 minutes to check out. During the holidays is a little better but mostly it seems they don't have enough cashiers.
