1	Scammers!My guy and I rented a truck from here for a quick trip to Scottsdale and back. The girl at the counter was not very interested in customer service and did not seem to know much of anything about the company. She did not even know how to process the storage locker we wanted to empty and return the key to...The truck its self was very clean and ran fine. When we picked up the truck we were told to return it with 1/2 tank of gas or there would be a $30 fee plus $5 per gallon. So we knew we would be stopping to fill up on the way back.The gas gage was acting kinda funny during the trip but we didn't think much of it. When it was time to return the truck the gas gage said we had 3/4 of a tank remaining, so we just went straight back to the lot.The worker looks through the truck and everything seems fine. My guy decided to look at the paperwork before paying and it was marked that the truck only had 1/4 of a tank. We were shocked and pointed out the mistake since the fees would have been so high. It was then we were told the gas gage was backwards...What!?The staff acted like it was no big deal and even tried to blame the truck manufacture. I have never seen a new vehicle with a backwards gas gage in my life. These scam artists had it flipped in order to trick people tired from moving all day into paying their ridiculous fees. I am so disgusted with this place!
1	Customer service rep who came to the vehicle made it seem like he had something better to do. Informed him that I called ahead to a UHaul down the road, asking if I could drop the truck off at this location instead. I was told this would not be a problem. The customer service rep told me that if I dropped the truck off they would be stealing from the other location. I told him that I verified the transaction with the other location and they were good to go. He appeared uninterested and told us we had to drop off the truck at the other location. We drove to the other location at 331 East Chandler Boulevard and they were pleasant and helpful. They verified that we could have indeed dropped the truck off at that location and they would do whatever is best for the customer.
