4	This is my local Wachovia branch. Cars often line up at the drive-through ATM, but luckily, the branch finally installed a walk-up ATM. There have been many bar-hoppers who have walked through the drive-through in need of some cash. I'd normally be somewhat indifferent to a bank branch, but I had a really great experience with this one. I was paying for some jeans on a recent day when I realized I didn't have my debit card. I retraced my steps and realized that I never got it back from the walk-up Wachovia ATM. I called the branch and they said that they serviced the ATM at 4 pm and I should come by then to see if they had my card. Then I called the 800 number to have a hold put on my card until I determined whether the ATM ate it or it had been stolen. I got to the branch and the manager was very helpful and friendly. They had my card and within a few minutes, I got it back. Phew.
1	I have maintained an account with Wachovia (now Wells Fargo) for many years. It's only in the past year that I've begun to question how much longer I'll continue to do so. Especially since I have accounts at a few other financial institutions and I haven't had any problems with those businesses.My experience inside this branch was so-so. I stood in a long line and made my deposit at a teller station that was too close to the line and too close to the other teller stations for any privacy that may be required during a bank transaction.But I think I can say that about every Wachovia (now Wells Fargo) location that I've ever been in. My teller greeted me professionally enough, helped me complete my transaction, bid me farewell, and wished me a good weekend. (It was a Friday.)Later in the evening, I was surprised to get an e-mail notification about my deposit AND my withdrawal. I immediately checked my account online and sure enough, there was a line that said I had made a withdrawal in a branch or store. Which I knew I had NOT. And why would I, when I had deposited CASH? (The money was withdrawn at the same branch I made my deposit which is why I am writing the review under this branch. I have another issue that happened at another branch that I will review under that branch.)I called the 24-hour customer service line, explained the situation and was told that the customer service rep had had a similar call earlier.She then asked me if I knew someone named A______ M_______. (I do not. And even if I did, how would A_______ M_______ withdraw from my account if she is not a joint account holder?)Suspicious to say the least.While I cannot say for sure that my teller was at fault for this mishap, she was the person who accessed my information. Is it possible that she didn't close out my file when my transaction was completed, allowing further access to my account?They wouldn't divulge that information which I can understand but don't appreciate.It took the bank a week to investigate and return the funds to my account.Thankfully there were no overdrafts due to this unpleasant occurrence.Note: This branch is now a Wells Fargo Bank, like the all the former Wachovia Banks here in Charlotte.
1	My last interaction at this branch was beyond frustrating. In an attempt to finalize a few matters dealing with my late husband's finances, I requested assistance at this branch.I understand why they did not help. It wasn't that they could not. It was at the (acting) manager's discretion, as explained to me by Wells Fargo customer service when I called their toll free number.What I can't appreciate is the manner in which the (acting) manager chose not to help, which included lying about "federal regulations", refusing to honor checks written on a Wells Fargo account by a government agency, and refusing to honor documentation from the Mecklenburg county courthouse.The customer service I received at this branch was the proverbial straw.I finalized my business with Wells Fargo yesterday.Good riddance...
1	I have several accounts with Wells Fargo.  I get one story at my local branch in Sun City, AZ, and then I see a completely different story when I log on to my account from my home computer.  At my local branch, they easily explained monies that are missing from the joint checking account that I share with my husband.  (Attention Ladies:  The way to maintain independence in a marriage is for both you and your husband to have independent accounts with one joint account into which you can deposit money for the electric bill, water bill, gas bill, etc.  That way if your husband wants to go away for a couple of weeks, he can do so with his own money.   You too can take your own independent vacation, )  At my local branch, I was informed that my husband had withdrawn his money from our joint account to set up his own independent checking account.  This is as it should be.  When I looked online at the joint account, the money has just gone missing with the exception of a couple of large withdrawals that my husband made.  I'm not going to feel very confidant in Wells Fargo until I see what my local bank manager is telling me reflected in my online joint account history.
