5	Fools Rush In sung by an Italian man plays softly over the speakers. A statue of David (maybe?) stands directly behind me and appears to be sprouting from my head, according to my dining partner. David wears a diaper. This is also, without doubt, the quietest restaurant I have ever been in.I am absolutely a sucker for restaurants tucked secretly into residential areas. Pizzutti's is enough off of Walnut St to feel hidden away. This may explain why I am kicking myself for not going sooner. Thank goodnes Girasole was closed because I have found my new heaven.Perfect Italian food. Perfect. Beautifully tender ravioli, excessive and overwhelming heaps of bruschetta, pappardelle pasta in cream with sweet sausage. Lovely, all. Everyone should go. I order everyone in Pittsburgh to go! (Although it may be a BYOB, not sure about that.)The only slight negative is that our server did not seem thrilled to be there. A very unsmiling man.
4	I went to Pizzutti's with my mom and was really happy with the whole experience. I ordered some sort of fettuccine/pesto dish that was excellent, and my mom ordered a fish dish. They seemed to have a good spread of authentic ish Italian dishes- this is no Buca di Beppo. One thing I was not prepared for was how upscale it was. I felt under dressed wearing a nice blouse and jeans. It was also VERY quiet- we went in at 5 and I felt like I was eating in library until some other patrons came in around 5:30. This seems like it would be a fantastic place for a date if you were willing to shell out the cash.They don't serve alcohol although I believe that you can BYO without a corkage fee. If you're not picky about your wine selection they do have both a house red and white that they offer you free of charge. I liked the house white and thought it complemented my pasta well, but I don't know much about wine.Our waiter was really nice and made sure to tell us all the details about the dishes and which ones he liked. He was even patient with my mom when she asked him which dishes on the menu had fresh vs. dried pasta.One last note- they do not accept credit cards, but they have an ATM in the restaurant. Very strange.
5	My boyfriend took me to Pizzutti's for our first date and I was really impressed!  It's a bit hidden away on Bellefonte, but that only adds to the charm.  It's somewhat dressy... I probably wouldn't wear jeans, but you don't need to break out the jacket or anything.The food is great, though expensive.  Dinner for two will easily run you $50-60 without any wine.  You'll probably have leftovers, though, so it's all good.  Stay for dessert (mmm, canoli) or head over to the gelato place on Copeland.Get some cash from your bank's ATM before you come here, because they don't accept cards.  They do have their own ATM, but why pay the fees?Agree with another reviewer that the restaurant is quiet.  Service was good.  Every waiter I've had here seemed... a bit flamboyant and effeminate.  I don't care either way, but it seemed amusing at the time.  I should go back to see if anything's changed around there.
3	Friendly homey neighborhood restaurant. Solid simple dishes. Good pasta. Reasonably priced.  Comparing to other neighborhood Italians, it edges out the nearby Girasole, and it eclipses Cucina Flegria in Squirrel Hill. 3.5 stars.
5	Fantastic pasta. (One of the few alfredo dishes I've had that doesn't make me sick.) Great waiters. BYOB option. Lovely atmosphere where you'll probably fit in wearing jeans or evening wear. AMAZING almond torte!
5	What a fantastic find!  Tiny Italian restaurant family owned nestled on a side street in very yuppified shadyside walnut street area.  Look out for small yelpy dogs on the sidewalk.Food is fantastic.  Noodles home made, sauces are beautiful and the atmosphere is authentic.  I feel like i am having dinner in my aunt Gilda's dining room.BYO except they offer complimentary Chianti and pinot grigio.  I had 3 glasses!Love it! Enjoy.
4	Several weeks ago, friends tried Pizzutti's out...and came away with rave reviews.  That, combined with some aggressive flyer-handing-out on Walnut St, it made my list of 'need to try'.  Tonight, I was able to talk two willing friends into trying it out.I have to admit, I normally am not that interested in Italian restaurants.  I'm a pretty decent cook - so it's hard to find good Italian, beyond what I could cook for myself.We were starving, so we started ordering like crazy.  Bruschetta of the day and the Antipasto plater.  BOTH were amazing.  Bruschetta changes everyday, and was especially notable.  Excellent tomatoes and flavor!  Antipasto was also great...but not that hard to mess up.  I had the Sweet Sausage and Papardelle.  The pasta was fresh and excellent...the sausage had excellent flavor.  The white savory sauce, was also delicious.  At the table we also had Penne ala PIzzutti...or something close to that.  AWESOME.  Excellent sauce with goat cheese! Goat Cheese! and Chicken.  EXCELLENT!Also had the gnocchi...little pillows of deliciousness.  Not normally my cup of tea...but my friend that ordered - it's his standard - and he was very very pleased.I will absolutely be back.  The ambiance was a little on the quieter-romantic side...we were the loudest 3 people in there.  The tables are pretty close together, dim lighting, etc.  Better either for a date night, or potentially family dinner.  Not 3 friends guzzling wine and licking their plates...but they still seemed happy to have us...so maybe we'll do it again.
3	I went here for dinner with a couple friends about a month ago. Seeing as Italian is one of my absolute favorite cuisines, I have a slight bias towards Italian restaurants.I ordered the Ravioli of the Day, which consisted of Sweet Potato and Goat Cheese Ravioli in a light butter sauce topped with walnuts. (Sounds absolutely divine, right?) Upon first bite, I thought the dish was DELICIOUS. After the third, I was completely and utterly sick of it. In hindsight, I realize the sweet potato was TOO sweet and totally overpowered the sourness of the goat cheese and richness of the butter sauce. The walnut topping definitely helped balance out the sweetness, but it was still too much. I could barely get through 5 bites before my taste buds conceded defeat.My companion diners seemed to enjoy their dishes, but perhaps it was due to their ordering simpler menu items (gnocchi with alfredo sauce) or choosing dishes that are typically on their menu every day. I'm guessing it might be the latter, since sweet potato seems to be more of an autumnal menu item.Aside from the food, the ambiance was pleasant and "romantic" and the service was decent (nothing atrocious, but also nothing to write home about). Perhaps I just need to give them a second try, but seeing as there are hundreds of other dining options in Pittsburgh, I highly doubt they'll be given that chance anytime soon.
5	This is one of the best place for Italian food in pittsburgh. Try their house chianti with the Absolut Penne with Shrimp.
3	I'm going to give Pizzutti's 3.5 StarsI took my girlfriend here for a belated V-Day date. Our reservations were for 7:30 on a Wednesday night. We walked in, and there was absolutely no one in the restaurant. No one at the host's booth. We kind of had to peer around and hope someone heard us. The server finally came out from the back and seated us. We were literally the only souls in the restaurant, and it was like that for the duration of our meal. Somewhat odd, but it made for an intimate meal that was quite the opposite of our last date at Girasole!We ordered salads and the server brought us bread. The bread was good, and my girlfriend liked her salad with raspberry vinaigrette. I opted for the lemon vinaigrette, and it honestly tasted like someone just squeezed a lemon wedge over it. Very flavorless and boring. It occurred to us that our server never took a drink order beyond pouring water. We asked for two iced teas, and he brought two freshly brewed, delicious glasses. For our main course, we both opted for the spaghetti and meatballs. Not necessarily adventurous, but I had heard good things about this dish. The meatball was the size of a baseball and was incredibly hearty. If there was any filler in it, it certainly didn't seem that way. The sauce was tangy and the noodles were perfectly al dente. The noodles were thicker than a standard spaghetti, almost reminiscent of lo mein. Long story short, it was one of the best plates of spaghetti I've ever eaten. We were too full for dessert, so we politely declined.I think a 3.5 is fair. The spaghetti was great, but the salad was below average. The service could have been a bit more attentive, it was surprising that we had to ask for a drink order, and we weren't offered a glass of Chianti as other reviews had mentioned. The server just seemed disinterested in being there. Then again, it has to be boring only having one table. The atmosphere was eerily quiet at times, but in a way that was nice. All in all, a nice restaurant with prices that are more than reasonable given the quality of the pasta. I would recommend it to others, but it seems like they could benefit from some sort of advertising beyond word of mouth.
5	Went looking for a new place to eat and based on the reviews on Yelp, decided to give it a try. Everything about this place was great. The decor, our waiter, and the food. Will definitely go back!!!!!
5	The food was so great! I had the hand-made ravioli and it was amazing. The prices were great for the giant portions. The atmosphere is very nice in this small restaurant and there is good outdoor seating.My only complaint is they don't take credit cards. They do have an ATM but its cash only. Overall a fantastic restaurant though!
2	I am going to have to disagree with the reviewers here. I don't get why this place is rated so high. When we had gone, we were seated by the computer equipment in the corner which was a little awkward though I suppose if we were sitting else where that it would be a cozy place. Also we did not get a free glass of wine - maybe it was a promo? The food was just okay and while the portions were large i didn't think the dishes we ordered were worth the price. Lastly Pizzutti's only accepts cash. Nice that they have an ATM in their restaurant but you obviously would have to pay the extra fee to get the cash which is always a negative. The waiter was nice if that is any consolation but wouldn't return given.
2	We ate here because of the yelpers reviews and the homemade pasta...big mistake. the homemade pasta was so-so but it was covered in tasteless tomato sauce with a giant, dry, tasteless meatball (which, btw isn't Italian at all but Italian American, and descended from southern italy, though they claim northern italian heritage). the staff was friendly if a bit slow (which wouldn't have mattered if the food had been good). the seafood pasta was also bad. I would not recomend this place to others. The heart is in the right place, decent tomatoes, homemade pasta, but the execution is way off the mark.
1	My first ever negative review on Yelp.  This place is TERRIBLEI don't even want to start my rant on the service and extremely LOW QUALITY of food.  Do yourself a favor and never walk into this establishment
4	Strolling around Pittsburgh for my first time every and this was the place I arrived at (thanks for the recommendation fellow Yelpers).The service was very friendly and attentive.  The manager/owner was also extra nice.The fried mozzarella with balsamic vinegar was an interesting touch I had never seen before. The balsamic added a little more fun and flavor to what's normally a pretty standard dish.The gnocchi with prosciutto and white wine sauce was very delicious, but a little heavy for me.  The bread served before the appetizers was bland and uninteresting.  The olive oil had some peppers and spices in it that I didn't care for.The atmosphere was very intimate and charming with dark lighting and small eating areas.  The paper table settings were kinda neat; they weren't too casual.
3	If there was a rating between two and three stars, that would be my rating. I had high hopes for this place.  It is in on a really beautiful street in the heart of Shadyside.  When you walk in, the ambiance is very promising.  The restaurant is decorated for the holidays with very nice soft lighting and had a delightful aroma. The service left a lot to be desired.  We ordered the special of the day as an appetizer. This  was a ravioli with mushrooms and gorgonzola cheese.  Very tasty, but just a tad too al dente for me.  For our entrees, the others in my party had the spaghetti and giant meat ball and the salmon.  I had the eggplant rolotini.  The home made pasta was a little overcooked, sauce needed some punch and the meatball was rubbery.  The salmon, again, not very crispy.   The eggplant, which I like to order, was under done.  It was actually crunchy.  But there was a very nice blend of cheeses on the eggplant, so it wasn't entirely bad.The best part of the meal was dessert.  We ordered a slice of the amaretto cake which we split.  Very yummy!All in all, before we paid the check, we decided that we wouldn't have to return.  This is when our server announced that he had a surprise for us since we had made a reservation for tonight.  The surprise was that they gave each of us a gift card with a surprise denomination from anywhere from $5 to $20.  We would find out when we redeemed them next time we have dinner there.  Hmmm.  Not sure if we'll use them.
4	Not your typical Shadyside restaurant, this quaint little place off Walnut is as almost as good as it gets for delightful homemade Italian food, a cozy atmosphere, and BYOB. From the moment you walk in you get the pleasant scent of olive oil and garlic (on a warm diffuser) to get your taste buds' attention. Daily specials include appetizers and our last visit we had a wonderful homemade bruschetta that was fabulous. As a connoisseur of calamari I have to regrettably say that the serving here just doesn't measure up. Rubbery, inconsistent breading, and a fairly small portion don't warrant a $10 charge. Needs serious work.The spicy pappardelle with wide homemade noodles, spicy sausage, banana peppers in a terrific red sauce is just amazing and highly recommended. My wife ordered the shrimp fettucinni alfredo, which is always risky since the sauce can often be thick and very heavy. Pizzutti's version is light and quite a surprise. VERY GOOD!The best dessert isn't listed on the menu but ask. It's bread pudding and it's not your typical bread pudding. This will knock your socks off.Service was very good - just the right amount of attention. No rush to vacate the table, sit and enjoy your wine and good conversation. If you want a place that makes you feel at home and one that you can't wait to get back to, try Pizzutti's. You'll be glad you did.
5	Was here for Valentine's day dinner. Lovely ambiance, and the food is exactly what I've expected (or should I say it really doesn't matter that much in such setting? ha). Love the bread pudding.
3	Food: Pizzutti's offers traditional Italian fare with daily specials that involve ravioli and a bruschetta of the day.  There are several options for vegetarians, but most involve requesting meat to be removed from a menu item.  Lunch and dinner have different menus (no eggplant on the lunch menu), so check online before you go.  Bread and olive oil with crushed pepper is served complimentary and refilled upon request.  The last time we went, we tried the mushroom bruschetta, which was very tasty.  Salads can be added to meals for an additional charge and they come with the house dressing, which is surprisingly bland.  The spicy pappardelle (sans sausage) was good but not great, but was spicy, as advertised.  We haven't tried desert yet.  The one time we intended to order desert, wait staff issues prevented it from happening (see below).  An entree is enough to fill you up, but there won't be extra to take home like most Pittsburgh Italian restaurants.  Without ordering the additional side salad, you may leave hungry, which seems to contradict the cardinal rule of Italian dining.Price: Appetizers range from $9-15 with entrees ranging from $12-$28.  Lunch is slightly cheaper than dinner, but not by much.  Four of us ordered a single appetizer to share, two side salads, and four entrees for a grand total of nearly $100 with tip; not cheap for lunch.Drinks: Pizzutti's is BYOB.  Free wine is available, although the rules for obtaining it are unclear.  The website mentions that complimentary wine is available for 'guests who did not know the restaurant was BYOB.' Atmosphere: There are two dining rooms with tables to accommodate parties of all sizes.  Very standard Italian decor with either classic Italian opera music or Frank Sinatra/Dean Martin playing over the speakers.  Service: We have had problems with the wait-staff on 2 of 3 visits to Pizzutti's.  The waiter who provided the best service no longer works there.  Even when not busy, waiters have been very slow to take our order and refill the bread basket or water.  Another time, we received our appetizer, salads, and entree within minutes of each other creating a table full of cold food.  Once, as mentioned above, we planned to order desert but due to an extended delay, we had to request the bill without ordering desert in order to make it out of the restaurant in time for our plans for the night.(+): salad dressing aside, the food is generally above-average(-): questionable service, pricey lunchWould I go back again? After trying Pizzutti's several times, I'm inclined to not return in favor of better experiences at other Italian restaurants in Shadyside and Bloomfield.
2	I wanted to love Pizzuitti's - the location is great, the service is attentive, and the prices aren't too bad for the area. Plus, they have a mini patio that's charming in Pittsburgh's flowering tree season. But, the food wasn't all it could have been - the pesto pasta was nice but not great, and the gnocchi were mushy, as though not enough flour had been mixed into the dough. Did we catch them on a bad night? It may not be worth it to me to go back and find out, given that there are lots of other promising options in the area.
1	When I am heading to a restaurant close to its closing time I always call ahead and ask if it will be ok, whether I will need to rush. That is exactly what I did last week before I headed to Pizutti's. They said to come on by.  When we had sat for more than a few minutes it was clear that it was a mistake.  The server was harried and surly. He clearly didn't want to be there, nor did he want us there.  We said something and he again repeated that he was glad we were there, but then proceeded to be rude and unhelpful.  I am sorry to say, but the food did not make up for the terrible service.  The pasta dish, their specialty was served luke warm.  The bread was plain.  The salads were wilted.  I am sure we wouldn't have wanted desert, but the option wasn't available, because when we finished our main courses and inquired, he told us the chef had gone home and it wasn't available. All in all, an experience to forget.
4	First things first... BYOB.  We did not know this, but they were accommodating in offering a large complimentary glass of house wine.  Our meals were fantastic.  Penne w/vodka & Fettuccini Alfredo.  We also had our kids tonight and I would say normally "not a kid place" but we were on vacation and passing through.  Kids had "the best" spaghetti and meatballs "ever".  Enjoy this restaurant off the main drag.  Excellent.
1	I used to go here a lot. In terms of Italian, I think it has the best Italian food in Pittsburgh/price. However, their is a new waiter there that is extremely pushy. I used to get an appetizer to share with a friend and an entree, but the waiter would push dessert.When we refused, he would be curt. He was so pushy for during every course, encouraging us to get the most expensive thing on the menu, even though we already decided on entrees. He also was not present much, except to make us feel uncomfortable. I was unpleasantly surprised to discover that he is now a regular there. He has consistently made my visits there so unbearable that I will never be returning.
1	I took my family to Pizzutti's a few months ago for my mother's birthday. I'd never been there before but I knew the location was nice and we're all fans of good Italian food. The reservation I had made was never put into the book (even though I spoke to one of the owners on the phone and made the reservation). The bread must have just been defrosted because it was still cold in the middle. We waited at least 20 minutes for our food to come out from the kitchen. They brought out the wrong dish for my dad, which he promptly sent back. When they brought out the correct dish, we complained, at which point the waiter finally offered to at least give my dad his meal free of charge. All the staff we interacted with were less than apologetic about all the problems we had that evening. Needless to say, I would never recommend this restaurant to anyone.
