5	Phoenix was the *first* [or right close to the first] city to have an Archaeologist on staff.  Pueblo Grande was why.If you don't *yet* know about the Hohokam, when you get there, ask.I've been going there for several Centuries.  Now that I think of it, I haven't been for a while.  I better go again.Go there.  Walk around on the mound.  Let your imagination transport you back a thousand years.  Enjoy.
4	Rock on! I had no idea that right in Phoenix was the site of the original hub of the Hohokam people in the first century. This museum is so interesting and while the 10 minute intro video is informative, and i'm sure kids enjoy the Dig It zone, but the archaelogical park is my favorite part of the tour. It's so hard to picture the life the Hohokam lived here a thousand years ago, but the plaques scattered around the park paint a great picture of early desert living. Also fun are the reconstructed home and pit houses that you can go inside of and check out daily life for Hohokam people. I love that the entry fee is only $5 because you really are transported at Pueblo Grande.
3	I never knew this place existed in the middle of the city. I saw an article about this place in the paper and we decided to come and check it out. It doesn't take very long to watch the video, walk the park outside and check out the museum inside. It was pretty neat and I'm glad I checked it out, but I was a little bored.
4	Amidst the urban sprawl and commercial filth of Phoenix, lie the ruins of a 1500 year old civilization, the Hohokam.  Literally meaning "those who have gone," this was the name given to the mysterious Indian culture that thrived in the southwest of Arizona between AD 1 and 1500.  Known throughout the southwest for the irrigation canals, pottery, and ruins they left behind, this is one of the parks that brings you closer to this culture.Though the ruins are little more than mounds, due to building materials back then being in limited supply (i.e. adobe, caliche, and if you got lucky - some logs) and heat and monsoons eroding away what once was, there are some wonderful full scale homes (replicas) for visitors to explore.Picture the teepees we know and love in the Westerns, now replace the furs and leather with the surrounding soil.  I can't imagine that their villages were easy to sustain, though their exceedingly large ballcourts survive to this day, seen here at Pueblo Grande.  Walk the trails and walk in the footsteps of this ancient culture, trace the foundations of their homes, look at pottery which has been found at the site, learn about the amazing irrigation canals that helped their civilization thrive as a successful farming community for 1500 years.Advice: never come here unless it is below 85 degrees.  Locals can talk all they want about it being a dry heat, but you will be doing a lot of walking while here.Admission is $2, that's all the city gets for sponsoring the research, tours, talks, digs, and displays.  If you are bored to tears just thinking about walking amidst almost non-existent ruins, visit the visitor center museum and gawk at the artifacts found in or around the site.  Kids can be archeologists for a day and dig around in their life-size excavated trench.
3	Eh.  Im all for history but this place kinda toots its own horn a little much.  "Pueblo ruins" is a stretch. Faint remnants and clearings w/ a video explaining what used to be there is more accurate.On the plus side it's cheap (or free some days, i think) and its a good short trip if you have kids you'd like to expose to a little culture.  I appreciate the educational value of this place, but it got kind of boring trying to imagine what it looked like instead of actually being able to see much. They have some neat reproductions and a lot of information, and the museum is decent.
4	This museum appealed to both the casual anthropologist and the photographer in me. Very educational both inside and out. It is a relay race of science and mystery.
4	Cute museum. Really hot in the desert. Cool history lesson of how the Hohokam Indians lived back in the day.
5	Phoenix has no history, you say?  Please, hurry thee to Pueblo Grande for an explanation about our canal system and the historical significance of the Hohokam (fascinating story) as well as others who have since adapted to living in this desert.  In my opinion, no one tells the story better than Pueblo Grande, complete with the actual on-site ruins, and you're almost guaranteed to learn lots of neat stuff even if you already thought you knew everything.We've gone a couple of times in the last month or so, once to wander through the museum and once for the native market.  Each was a blast, and the food at the native market was awesome!  Given the incredibly convenient location of Pueblo Grande, I hope we go back often.  I remember really liking this place as a kid -- I shouldn't have waited so long to go back.
4	Chances are, you've passed by the Pueblo Grande Museum over twenty times. Chances are, you've been right next door to it and didn't even realize it. Chances are, you'll pass by it again and still won't realize it. Well, I'm here to tell you that it's time to put this place on the map! So I bet you're wondering where Pueblo Grande is located. Well, believe it or not, it's right on the corner of 44th and Washington, caddy corner to the airport! See, I told you that you've passed by it several times without realizing! The Pueblo Grande Museum talks about the history of Arizona through the story of several tribes and different artifacts. It's home to not only a museum, but also archeological grounds that you can walk through and see ancient tribal structures, ruins, artifacts and and learn how the native tribes lived. It's not a massively large museum, but it's not small either. It's a great way to learn about the Arizona history that existed long before freeways and sushi bars. This is a good spot to visit if you want a crash course in some native Arizona history and in a setting where you actually walk through it. It's really fun and interesting to walk through the ruins and explore the history through the teepers, ancient housing materials, artifacts and mounds. I need to do plenty of more research on this museum and spend more time here to really walk away more knowledgeable. Luckily I now know it exists and will be back (when the weather is cool) with a notebook and pen in hand!
5	patrick b. asked and answered a great question....phx and history? hah!to those naysayers, az was once crawling with native americans. we discovered to some depth last night at the Yelp event held here. it was such a wonderful night and we signed up for a behind the scenes tour of the archives. it's a really neat place, just like something you'd think indiana jones would be perusing. our docent was so friendly, funny, and informative. there are on-site ruins which we didn't see because it was dark, but some of their scale models are very cool! if you think phx has no history, stop by the museum and i'm sure they'd be happy to change your mind!
5	YELP HELP was great!that is all.OH, the place looks really nice!R\_
4	good addition to this metro city and the cultural life. But how come the entrance is far away from the light rail?? I would thought that they would take advantage of this, unless they are car user oriented. Aside from this, the exposition is well organized and there is much more to learn.
4	So I've only been here once, unless you count that time 20 years ago when i was there with my Girl Scout troop, and I really "dug" it. (Ok, I know puns are bad, but I'm feeling very punny today!) But really, it's a real pleasure to have places in Phoenix flaunt what an amazing, rich and ancient history our valley really does have. After all the quips I hear about how hot it is during Summer, it's great to visit a museum filled with Arizona Awesomeness that I can flaunt to those Texans who swear their state is the best of them all. And this museum certainly does that.Great pottery, docents and views make this museum a lovely place. I went for the Yelp Helps event, and was blown away by how absolutely gorgeous this place is at night, and how the sounds of the city just disappear and transport you back to a time when the light rail and street lights were figments of people's imaginations. I can't wait to schedule this into the cool places I'll be taking my niece over Winter and Summer breaks!
4	I'm giving 4 stars because I just love to find this many artifacts of the basket and clay varieties when I visit a museum. It really amazes me, the craftmanship of our ancient peoples! This small museum is not part of the Science Museum circuit, so I wasn't able to use my discount or member card, but for $6 I felt it was worth the trip to check it out. Some exhibits in the kids' room have been duplicated and enhanced in the main museum hall, which was fun to compare. The outdoor area is actually a preserved portion of a reservation belonging to the Hohokum Indians and there are examples of the water distribution canals and housing styles from 300 years ago along the Salt River, AZ. Great, informative afternoon!
5	So worth a visit! We visited on Saturday and they had a groups singing, dancing and playing music, as well as various live demonstrations and vendors. Although my favoriate aspect was the juxtaposition of the ancient ruins against the modern Phoenix skyline.
4	History is always with us. Especially in places like this small museum and archaeological site focusing on the mysterious Hohokam people, whose network of irrigation canals supported numerous settlements from about 450 CE to 1450 CE.  You will discover that the more we learn about these early inhabitants of what would become southern Arizona, the more puzzling they become. Why did their culture suddenly vanish?  Which contemporary Native people might be their descendants? Smack in the middle of a bustling modern city, with airplanes flying past on their way to the nearby Sky Harbor airport, this little gem is a place where one of history's mysteries invites your exploration.Check the website for opening times, as they vary with the season.  There is a room with some nice exhibits and activities to teach kids about archaeology.
3	Interesting find near PHX. The modern building and the history lessons are more interesting than the actual ruins. I wish there were more historians trying to learn about the Hohokums. If you're looking for facts, they are few and far between.
4	Truly an educational gem, right in the heart of Phoenix. I learned the Hohokam resided here 2,000 years ago. Their architecture evolved through the ages. Astronomy seems to have played a role in their buildings. I've been saying their name incorrectly for 8 years. And the mystery of them abandoning the site remains a mystery.::cue Twilight zone music::This museum is the perfect size for those of us with short attention spans. I've wanted to come here for some times now, and we took advantage of the free Smithsonian Day coupons. I'll likely come back, but will wait for the temperature to cool off more. Super fun for families, I'd imagine.
4	As a preface ... I love this sort of thing - love looking at history and love ruins so when we were in town visiting I had to come here.I had my expectations low since it's in the middle of the city and seemed like it might be small...However, I liked it a lot.  There's a little bit of ruins you can actually walk through and try to imagine what happened.   They also had some replicas of buildings from way back when and that was neat to walk through as well.  The museum part itself is small but had lots of information about the people that used to live there.  For a small museum in the middle of the city it was pretty informative.
5	This is quite an amazing place, right in the heart of Phoenix.It was once the site of a Village for the local inhabitants of the Valley.It luckily has been perserved for all to see.It is only $6.00 for adults, and $5.00 for seniors, $3.00 for kids, Really young kids are free. It is open Monday thru Saturday from 9:00 till 4:45pm. and Sunday from 1:00pm till 4:45. I know strange hours. But, from May till Sept.they are closed on Sunday and Monday, the hours change. I guess because, of the extreme heat.Parking in the back,. good place to go and learn about the history of the place you live. Or even if you are visiting.
4	This is clearly a hidden gem. Props to Phoenix for keeping these ruins as a tourist attraction. Learning more about the HOHOKam tribe also made me learn why the Cubs never win. This tribe disappeared back in 1450 and nobody know exactly why or what happened. The Cubs named their spring training park after this tribe, so you can see the anaology  hopefully. It is 6 bucks to enter and after a short movie, hit the trail to see what's left of this tribe. My favorite part was looking at the ancient ballfield and wondering what went down in those gladiator arena's years ago. Actually, it was supposedly a marketplace, but there were photos of athletic games taking place also. These Indian tribes were smart back in the day and the canals and structures built were truly a marvel of their times.
4	I've visited a number of Native American ruins in Arizona and New Mexico and was intrigued to learn that Pueblo Grande is an archeological site and Hohokam ruin situated right in the middle of  Phoenix adjacent to the airport and just East of 44th and Washington Streets.Inside the museum is a small theater that hosts a short introductory film about the archeological site and the Hohokam culture, and the museum hosts both a permanent exhibit and a changing exhibit.  The film is an adequate introduction to the site and the history of the Hohokam, but it would be more informative if it addressed some of the aspects of what you are viewing as you walk around and up onto the top of the ruin.  In the museum, the most interesting features of the permanent exhibit are the large wall display depicting the extensive canal system that spread all across the Phoenix valley, and the model representing what the ruin may have looked like when intact.  Native American artifacts are displayed throughout the exhibit although their origins are unidentified and are not cited as being specifically indigenous to the Hohokam, as such they are probably of most interest to first time visitors of the Southwest.At the exit of the museum leading to the tour of the ruins, the facility thoughtfully provides visitors with umbrellas for reprieve from the sun and heat while walking the unshaded grounds.The ruin itself is an unexpected surprise.  The size of a football field and 15-20 feet in height, the ruin contains the remains of walls and rooms in varying degrees of excavation.  A paved path leads around the exterior of the ruin, and up onto the top where it  makes a full circle of the entire structure.  All along the path there are guidepost markers with detailed information about the points of interest being viewed.  The first marker along the path identifies the Grand Canal, flowing adjacent to the ruin, which was one of the first canals of modern day Phoenix, and identifies a distant ridge as the remains of an ancient Hohokam canal.  Throughout the top of the ruin the markers speculate about the particulars of each partially excavated area.The path continues away from the ruin to an excavated Hohokam ball field, along a few reconstructed buildings thought to be indicative of the period, and back to the museum, making the entire walk about 1.25 miles.Pueblo Grande may not be one of the most spectacular ruins of the Southwest, but it holds enough mystery to deserve a visit.  The site emotes a strong "presence" of some unknown quality, and feels very, very ancient though right in the heart of Phoenix.  And, what an odd juxtaposition in history and time to be standing on top of an ancient Native American ruin with enormous planes about to touch down some yards away!  Odd, indeed!The Pueblo Grande Museum and Archeological Park is one of the available venues in the CulturePass program offered through the public libraries throughout the Valley.  Depending upon weekly availability at your local library, use your library card to get free admission for two through CulturePass.
4	This is a great little museum hidden in the center of Phoenix. Of course, without Pueblo Grande and it's irrigation systems, Phoenix may not exist. So I guess you could say that this Phoenix is a big town around this great little museum. Makes the museum sound more important, right? Anyway, me and my two daughters, 7 & 3, used a Phoenix library Culture Pass to check this museum out a few months ago. We managed to get there before it was scorching outside. There is a nice museum with informative exhibits about the people and their culture. There is also a kid's area of the museum. It is geared more towards older kids, so my kids didn't want to spend too much time in there. That would be my one complaint. There are kids of every age visiting with their parents, so they should include at least a few more things for pre-teen kids to do. Maybe a simple scavenger hunt using the objects inside the museum and outside. All it would take is a sheet of paper per kid and a pencil or crayon. Pretty inexpensive. Outside is a path that winds through the pueblo and around the park. They did a good job with the placement of the paths so that you can get an idea of the tremendous size of the pueblo. It's cool to see the rooms that haven't eroded away. It was interesting to read that rooms were aligned with holes in the Papago Buttes for astrological reasons. There were wildflowers throughout the park when we were there, which was an unexpected surprise. The kids loved picking the little ones next to the path. There are a couple of replicas of ancient structures outside. There is an adobe house and a few pithouses. I know they're replicas, but you can tell that these people knew more about living in the desert than we do. The insides of these structures were much, much cooler, only because of the materials that they're made of and their orientation to the sun. There is an excavated ball court, the precursor to lacrosse, basketball and numerous other sports. There is a garden that has vegetables that would have been grown here, using the same methods of growth as the ancient people did.Overall, this is definitely a great place to visit. If you don't have kids, it probably is really great. I just wish they had some stuff for the younger ones.
4	So apparently I didn't do my homework and Pueblo Grande DOES have stuff for the little kids. The scavenger hunt that I brilliantly suggested? Yeah, they have that already. Evidently a little snooping around beforehand would have been beneficial to our visit, as I would have discovered all of the stuff that they've already prepared for the little ones. So I guess it is a really great place, after all!
5	This is an amazing place to be in a major metropolitan area next to a large airport. Native Americans were in this area well before the settlers arrived. They were drawn by water and did quite well for a long time. These ruins are a small part of what was once here. The small museum assists you in understanding what is here and what is missing. You can then walk around or upon the surviving ruins. This isn't Stonehenge or even a cliff dwelling but it is definitely worth an hour or two exploring that which was here long before western civilization dropped a city on top of it.
2	An easy thing to do if you're in the area and looking to burn time, but thought it'd be a little more interesting than it actually was.  I guess looking at really old structures and reading hypothesis' on what they could've been used for may be your thing, but in this case it wasn't mine.
3	Definitely a museum of culture. We stayed at the hotel across the street, we were looking to pass the time between checking out and going to the airport. Easy walk through outside and in. I'm glad we got to stop by. Perfect, relaxing and casual ending to our trip. Definitely learned things. My fave part were the artifacts on the inside. The pictures of haunted places was really cool too!
2	We went to this museum after seeing multiple articles about it online. Overall, it was a really disappoint experience. There wasn't much to see - the museum was alright as far as the exhibits displayed go, but the walk outside wasn't that interesting. All the signs during the walk were really shiny making it ridiculously difficult to read the words ... Not sure why the AZ sun wasn't taken into account when making those. If you're looking to waste some time & have absolutely nothing else to do, sure, this will take up your time, but there are many other options that are worth the money & time.
5	Outdoor museum so don't go in the summer. Took a class field trip here and the docent spoke clearly and was very patient with all my students. She was well informed and knew how to navigate the hundreds of questions a group of 8 year olds will ask. The museum is a must for gaining a deeper appreciation of the rich history that truly exists in this young city.
4	We went a few weeks ago and it was definitely too hot. Wait for the weather to cool off before going. On the bright side, they have umbrellas you can borrow while outside! It was interesting to see the ruins, especially within view of the highway. Really makes you think!
5	It was our first time to visit Pueblo Grande Museum and Archaeological Park. It was a little long on morose looking renaissance, Flemish painters and short on impressionists. The scenery and architecture were magnificent, the stale sandwich a little overpriced, but a good time was had by all.
5	You will never be disappointed at Pueblo Grande Museum and Archaeological Park. Too many wonderful things to do and see.between the beauty of the grounds, the impressive architecture and the amazing exhibits you will always leave saying when I come back I want to see.
