1	I ordered a bratwurst here during a layover at the Phoenix International Airport and boy did the experience...how can I put it lightly...SUCKED!I don't know why on earth they were even calling this a brat. It was a hot dog with jalapenos and onions on top of a super stale and dry cornmeal-like bun. I think I ended up eating half of it like lasagna...and threw the rest away...up in the toilet, that is.If it is store policy to not speak to the customer, then the staff is doing their job very well. They said absolutely no words during the purchase of the meal...including when my order was ready. Instead they just stood there, staring at people like Neanderthals...and were very snooty. Snooty? Yes, snooty! I suppose the job is not so easy, they couldn't do it.I hope the HQ of Jodi Maroni's does a major overhaul of this location because it could be something cool. Until then...stay very far away!You were warned!Yours truly,Abe Froman, The Sausage King of Chicago.
2	Home of the Haut-Dog! We had the chicken andouille dog and fries..."unforgettable taste of New Orleans". Apparently all of their sausages are without nitrites or MSG.Well...I do think they are also without anything special.An overspiced small haut-dog with below average bread and soggy fries.Apparently Mr. Maroni is on a mission to save the world from "mistery meat" sausages. Try harder Jody, listen to me.By the way, is there anything not sport-related in this terminal?Also...do they all serve the same food and beverages?
1	THE QUEEN IS DEAD. Well, she should be. If Jodi Maroni is the queen in question, that is. Terrible, terrible sausage sandwiches. Worse cheeseburgers. Barely edible fries. You can find something better in this airport.
4	I haven't ever eaten anything here except the fries, and they are Damn Good Fries.  Whenever I have a layover in PHX, I make a beeline to gate A13 to get those fries.  That is all I have to report.kthxbye
3	Chicken Andouille Sandwich and Fries. Pretty much as expected. Sausage and peppers were fine, though bun was very stale. Fries were surprisingly tasty with some spicy-ness. Staff was actually quite friendly.
2	Fries are good, that's about it.Place is ALWAYS mobbed because it's the only eatery open in a concourse where two (!!!) red eye flights to PHL and Charlotte take off.Fries and a Starbucks.  Yum.
3	+1 starThe fries were pipping hot Wednesday night with the perfect amount of seasoning on them. They were delicious!!The hotdog was just "ehhh", didn't like the weird casing on it, but that's just me.Good place for a quick bite while waiting for your flight.
2	Meh.Made a quick stop here for grub while waiting for a layover, but was severely disappointed.Granted, we all know that airport food is overpriced so I can accept that. However, just because it' s made ready-to-go in an airport doesn't mean that the food has to suck.Fries - More like soggies.  Mine were kind of cold and mushy.Italian Sausage - It was okay, but nothing really spectacular. But the onions and green peppers that I ordered with it were just so bad!  They were definitely cold and lacked color.  And the bread was just really dried out and tough.I want to give it 1 stars but I give them 2 because 1 is really saved for the terrible places and besides, they were able to prepare the food relatively quick *for better or for worse*  Also, it's probably because I'm in a good mood because we have inflight wifi. =)dmo out (flying!)
2	While the title might be better suited for a Manhattan Chelsea night club, the allure of Jody Maroni's is an easy one here at Sky Harbor - everyone hates the typical airport food options but most folks (even vegans) love hot dogs.But these hot dogs aren't even worthy of a Joey Chestnut or Kobayashi throw down. They often remind me of a layman's version of a Costco dog but cost nearly 4x as much. Sad to say I've eaten here more times than I'd like to admit, but there isn't a single dog I can recommend on the menu.I can however, digress somewhat on my experiences here, all of which included slow and lackadaisical service and were driven by the hope that each time would be better. I've had their chicken andouille dog, which was really just an overcooked hot dog served in a semi-toasted bun. Now substitute the chicken andouille with their bratwurst, polish dog, Louisiana boudin hot link, chicken apple, Chicago style dog, sweet Italian and you have the same result.The biggest offender was their priciest option, the kobe beef dog, supposedly made of wagyu, the red meat from heaven, a gift from carnivore gods. Yet, even at $9 (airport prices, yikes) it still tasted like ... just a Costco hot dog. Perhaps a tad juicier and an interesting snap to the casing but nothing mind blowing or back breaking but certainly wallet killing.In the end, I mean Jodi Maroni no harm. After all, I've had a much more decent version of his hot dogs in other cities, but a little airport kiosk in a space full of commuters who are willing to pay the extra buck for (as Bourdain would coin it) "meat in tube form" nourishment, is not going to be making anything revolutionary anytime soon.
3	Good dogs and hot fries for airport food. Usually a line and since it's cooked to order can take a few minutes longer than the grab and goes around the concourse.
3	I was less than happy with the value factor here but the tastiness was on mark. I am not sure that I will actually come here again because there is a Nathan's so close by! I want to really say that this place is OK... But...well, I'm still hungry $12.00 later!
3	I know airport food may not be the best choice for some of us but sometimes you have no choice.  I actually had choices but I was starving from waiting for my flight all day (missed my connecting flight due to thick fog from the place I came from).  I decided to grab something simple and this was closest to my gate.  I ordered the Chicken Andouille with a regular drink ($8.18 total) and I knew I would be paying a lot for it.  Supposedly, the Chicken Andouille was one of the popular choices on the menu according to the guy.  There was stuff on the menu that looked good and sounded good as well.  My food came out maybe 1 minute  or so.The bun wasn't soft but it wasn't hard.  I think it was refrigerator and taken out before I got there.  The Chicken Andouille was good to me but that could just be the hunger talking.  It wasn't worth the money considering the size of it but to have something in my stomach was better than nothing.If my gate was nearby the next time I'm at the airport, then maybe I'll try something else and that's assuming I don't go to another place on the way to the gates in this area.
1	I was somewhat excited when the store says "Made famous in Venice Beach." I was hoping for a Nathan's kind of hot dog, but I was dead wrong... I know that airport food isn't usually good, but this place's just horrible. I got their Hot Italian sausage ($6) - Sausage, some veggies with bell peppers. First off, it's way over priced and the sausage's pretty small. Second, the sausage doesn't even taste all that and it's not grilled right; the outer part isn't even crispy. Lastly, I was still mad hungry... Luckily, their fries ($2.75) weren't bad. The seasoning isn't bad, however, it's mad greasy. The oil literally soaked through to the table... I wouldn't go back here again!
3	Chicken andouille sausage with onions and peppers was pretty tasty, just enough spiciness to it. I could barely tell it was chicken by the smokey flavor it had. I also liked the fresh, soft poppy seed onion roll. Their condiment bar is heavily lacking, though.
2	I won't say that the sausages are not tasty. I just feel some kind of way about paying so much for this . Very upsetting even knowing that the cost of food in the airport is in general outrageous. I am not feeling the value.
5	Had their breakfast burrito (without sausage) and it was amazing, and the price was reasonable too.
1	So this is where I just paid for a $6 dollar burger.. did not taste like what it was suppose to or look like. GRRRRRRRR Was not satisfied and flavor was terrible.. This is why I hate air terminal foods!
1	One star just because the coffee and potatoes are good.  They use fake eggs that are not good and have poor portions for the money, the veggies were cold on the top of the eggs and all around I'm not impressed with the cleanliness or food.
1	This place is awful - I waited 10 minutes for a preassembled chili dog to be thrown in a microwave. This questionable cooking technique saturated the roll in grease and made it too hot to hold on my hands, requiring the use of a fork and knife to eat a hot dog. The airport should throw this vendor out and get a restaurant of some sort to replace it - perhaps a Nathan's???
1	Heartburn.  Need I say more
2	Definitely nothing special and not exactly cheap. Realistically though, what do you expect at an airport "fast" food joint. Buddy got the wings, i tried one and they suck. they are small and its more spice than taste. I got the blue cheese burger, it wasn't bad but it was far from great. I guess as far a s fast food burgers go you cant complain too much. We each got an IPA with our meals and everything came out to $40. I dont know if its like this all the time but the poor guy working was working as the bartender, the waiter, the server, and the busboy. He was the only one on that side so yeah things took a while.I will however, give the "famous" haut dogs or something that they are supposed to specialize in.
1	Overpriced and make sure you tell them your order 19 times!
2	Quite possibly the worst airport food I have ever had in my LIFE.OK, I'm probably spoiled as I usually travel out of SFO, or get the opportunity to have bomb Asian airport food in Taipei, etc.  I had four choices at my gate area.  A brewery, a Starbucks, a mini to go deli, or this piece of sh*t.  I opted for this piece of sh*t because I had a two hour layover (turned into six hours) out of Las Vegas and needed actual fatty food to soak up the copious amounts of alcohol my liver endured.  Also, they seemed to have the shortest line."I'll get chili cheese fries and a bacon cheeseburger," I thought to myself.The girl at the register was relatively sweet (as she called me "sweetie"), so that's why they get a +1 star from me.  Just for you, babe.I think my wait was over ten minutes.  And for what?  A cheeseburger that had plastic meat and cardboard bread?  Mediocre fries with Taco Bell chili and NO CHEESE?!!  I didn't even realize there was no cheese until I posted a picture of my food on Instagram and my friend asked me WHERE IS THE CHEESE?THERE WAS NO CHEESE ON MY BURGER AS WELL.  DON'T CALL YOURSELF A CHEESEBURGER IF THERE'S NO CHEESE.  YOU ARE ACTUALLY A HAMBURGER.At least my diet coke was consistent.
1	Slow, not clean or organized, and my brat wasn't good. Good fries though.  Underwhelmed. Very poor options in the Phoenix airport.
2	It's a little place I think over in terminal A next to the only brewery bar in the airport. The service was good but I didn't like my sweet Italian sausage. It came in a warm bun with peppers and onion. There are so many other places in the airport that are better for the price. This sweet sausage cost with tax, $6.50ish.
