4	Personally, I way prefer a la carte vs push cart because inevitably you go in starving and fill up on stuff you don't really want while waiting for that ever illusive har gow.  Freshness is also another big factor - depending on how far your table is from the kitchen and the whims of the push cart person, the food you just ordered from the cart may have  gone around many laps already.  You can tell when a dumpling is not fresh by how the skins stick to each other.  My stomach real estate is too precious for all these uncertainties - apparently agreed with by most people in Hong Kong and Vancouver, where almost all restaurants serve dim sum a la carte.China Chan now serves dim sum everyday.  The dim sum menu is short but sweet with just over 20 items covering most of my cravings.  Nearly everything I've ordered has been above average.   Definitely a case of quality over quantity.In addition, they also offer choice of tea...go for the blend of black tea & chrysanthemum tea.   Loved it:- Har Gow:  Well-flavored single bite dumpling with tasty shrimp inside a nice chewy rice pastry (not the biggest shrimps but can't complain at $1.80)- Egg Custard Tarts:  I   was lucky to place my order just as a fresh batch entered the oven...the deliciously melty custard filling was hot enough to burn- Daikon Cakes:  Nicely browned crust.  Filled with loads of shredded daikon (similar to radish).  Better with a dab of chili sauce. - Tripe with Ginger & Scallion:  Great crunch and addictive salty tang.  Liked it:- Steamed BBQ Pork Bun:  Great fluffy texture on the bun, though could be a bit more generous with the fillings-  Steamed Lotus Flavored Rice:  A generous patty of glutinous rice and minced chicken filling wrapped in a Lotus Leaf and then steamed.- Fried Ham Sui Gok:  Deep fried glutinous rice pastry filled with minced pork.- Spare ribs steamed with Black Bean Sauce - Steamed beef balls:  Great bouncy texture that you'd enjoy more if you just forget about the beef part of the description since it takes quite a bit of flour to get these things going.Could have done without it:-  Fried Taro Turnover;  The pastry crust was a bit flat and heavy rather than light and puffy. If you go to China Chan on weekends, be prepared for a bit of a wait since most dim sum dishes (with exception of the deep fried items) are cooked to order.  This definitely beats the push carts since most things reach the table piping hot.UPDATE (7/31/2007):Yikes...can't recommend China Chan for anything but dimsum...just went here for dinner and it was really really average...cheap as heck ($22 set meal for 4), but tasted as if a completely different kitchen was responsible for dinner in striking contrast to the awesome dimsum.
5	Being as far away from China as I could possibly get, I didn't expect to get something tasty from here but it was quite delightful dining.  The atmosphere is queazy like there are a bunch of mismatched lanterns all bunched up in one corner or something like that which had me staring at it wanting to walk around and fix it.
4	Very good Dim Sum place. Serve everyday, cook fresh upon ordering, no pre- cook and push  cart.      I Love it!      o yea, very, very affordable price.
4	We decided at the last minute we wanted Dim Sum, it was almost 1pm and you know the standard push cart dim sum places have very limited items at this time. Since we live so far north we knew we couldnt make it to Golden Buddha before all the good stuff was gone.I read the reviews here for China Chan near metrocenter. I am so glad we went! All of our food was served piping hot! There are no pushcarts, but a menu with pictures that we could order from. My daughter liked the shrimp eggrolls, 3 of them under 2 bucks! they were big, fresh and tasty.The baked bbq buns and the pastry bbq buns were yummy. The sesame balls were bigger than average and had quite a bit of the black bean filling in them. The steamed rice noodle with the shrimp was o.k. I liked Golden Buddha's better, they use larger shrimp. But I would still order it again. They loved the shrimp har gow. perfectly steamed and not rubbery. I was so full, that wanting to order the taro cake and egg tarts would be a sin since I couldnt finish what we had on the table. Very reasonable prices! Not an upscale place, but the Dim sum was great!
4	I don't usually try dim sum places when I'm traveling unless I'm in a city with a big chinatown (LA, SF, NY). But it just so happened that China Chan is really close to my hotel. I decided to give it a try because of the reviews on Yelp! and I gotta hand it to you guys for being spot on.I was pretty worried when I pulled up to see that the building looked like something that used to be a fast food joint. I decided to go through with it anyways and when I walked in, I was greeted by a hostess in Cantonese. When you hear Cantonese at a dim sum restaurant that you're unsure about, it sounds a little bit like music in your ears. After we settled down and ordered our drinks, we started looking through the dim sum menu (this is one of those places that the carts don't come around... you order off a piece of paper and then everything is made to order...) and was SHOCKED to find that most of the items were priced at $1.80 per order. In my neck of the woods (Austin, Texas) most of these items are easily priced at $2.80-$3.00. So my buddy and I pretty much went nuts ordering. We ordered about 10 dishes (which is enough to feed 4 people) and our total bill was $23.00!!!Growing up in HK, I've had my fair share of amazing dim sum. Even though China Chan's dim sum was not the same caliber to be compared to those of HK, I thought that overall most of the food was pretty solid (especially taking the price into consideration). There were some stuff (like the curry puff) that I thought could have been a little more warm when served. For the most part all of the dim sums that we ordered were spot on.The service was great, but I couldn't give China Chan 5 stars because there were some misses here and there. Taking the price into consideration though, I'm not sure if Phoenix natives just don't know about this place or there're not a lot of dim sum fans here because we were the only table there the whole time we were there. I would highly recommend this place. In fact, I'm pretty serious about going back there tomorrow to get my dim sum fixing before I head back home.
5	We've had several parties here and eat here almost every weekend -  It's such an easy going, delicious,  family-owned restaurant that I'm always baffled why they aren't more crowded!   I think people are intimidated because it doesn't look like "RA" on the outside or other "flashy" type of Asian   places here in AZ -  If this place was in LA or SF or NYC, I guarantee, there would be a line out the door every hour - because of the good food at good prices.    I've found that the less decor on the walls and the more the joint needs a paint job, are the best hole-in-the-wall Chinese places to eat at.  I also like that the dim sum is made to order and good -  Plus, they just added noodle soup and it's as good as any place I've ever eaten at in LA or SF. We will continue to eat here once a week because of how nice the family is that owns the place,  the good prices and the good food.  My recommendations for dimsum: Everything - at the great prices, it's worth trying everything - My recommendations for entree's if you're not into dimsum:  - Fish with Chinese vegetables- West Lake Soup- Noodle Soup with Chicken and Fish- MaPo Tofu- Walnut Shrimp- Kung Pao Chicken
3	I think maybe I just don't care too much for dim sum. I've tried it a couple of times before at other places, and wasn't all that thrilled. After reading a all the mouth-watering reviews for China Chan, I thought maybe I should give it another go. First off, they didn't offer us dim sum. There were only menus with standard Chinese-American fare. I was so disappointed. I thought maybe they only did it on Saturday or something. Thankfully, I asked, and was then offered an dim sum menu.At first, I was kind of lost as to what to order. Luckily, I remembered a lot of Helen's recommendations. So I ordered the har gow, the daikon cakes, and the custard tarts. I thought the har gow were OK. The shrimp were cooked just right. But the whole thing was rather bland. I had to drench it in soy sauce. I agree the daikon cakes had a nice crispy outside, and was full of smoky bacony flavor combined with earthy mushroom. But I couldn't get over the texture of the inside. I just don't do gelatinous.The custard tarts were rather good. Mostly they had a lot of nostalgia value for me, as my mom used to make homemade custard for me when I was little. The crust was nice and flaky too.All in all, the whole meal was just OK. Like I said, it's probably just me. As much as I try, I'm not cut out for dim sum.
4	I decided to try this place out after reading some of the reviews on here. I love dim sum but I don't like waiting for the carts to come around. This was perfect. you order and they bring it to you. The menu is limited but It has everything I like. The lady who works there was especially nice to me and with the combination of the food and service I will be back. The cherry on top was my bill today. 15 for a lunch combo and 4 dim sum items with a drink, can't beat that!
4	5 stars for fresh inexpensive dimsum, minus one star for decor.It's been a while since we've been back but since it's Chinese New Year, it's worth the trip.  I was excited to see an expanded menu, especially the Pineapple Bun with Char Siu, which I had asked them repeatedly to add, since it was all the rage in HK and Vancouver.  As far as I know, no other restaurant in the Valley offers it.  There is actually no pineapple - just looks a bit like the outside of one on the top, which is sweet and crunchy, providing great contrast to the savory roasted pork filling.Everything's as good as I remember with the same ridiculously low prices. Only the Chiu Chow dumpling was disappointing - soggy wrapper with dried out meat filling.  Can't believe this place is not packed to the rafters.  I say ditch the old-fashioned push carts and choose dimsum steamed to order!  Plus they now have picture menus!
4	I agree with Helen Y.'s take on China Chan. Food is really good, decor is pretty grim.Ordering cooked-to-order dim sum off of a menu is a real treat. Sure, there's a festive aspect to watching carts roll around and anticipating what's going to be revealed, but that can be tricky. If a place doesn't do a lot of volume, items can sit too long to be really enjoyable. Furthermore, there's the crushing disappointment of seeing something that looks incredible come by after one is already stuffed and helpless.At China Chan, it's more of a sushi menu process. You look at pictures (if needed) and check off what you want on a printed menu. Small plates start to arrive in about five minutes. CC did a nice job with all the standards we ordered: shrimp har gow, siu mai. beef ball, BBQ pork bun, Chinese broccoli, rice noodles... all great. The only misstep was a plate of roast duck that was only so-so, but I had sworn to stick with dumplings and such -- it was mild punishment.Bonus: China Chan opens at 9:30 on Saturday and Sunday. Dim sum breakfast anyone?
4	I tried this place out today after reading the reviews here on Yelp.  This is the best Dim Sum I have tried in Phoenix. I split 6 dim sum items with a friend and it was all we could eat.  The chicken wings, shrimp spring rolls, and Chinese broccoli were particularly good. Everything was fresh and hot when it arrived at the table, and delicious! All this cost about $20 plus tip including my ice tea so it was really inexpensive also. Great find as I would never have tried this place without Yelp!
3	So if you want a dim sum menu, you have to ask for the menu, because they don't give it out automatically.The dim sum tasted good.  The server  made many helpful recommendations.  The  service was good.I just can't seem to give this a 4 star rating.... I think it's the environment.  I definitely won't make a special trip for this place.  The ambiance of the place makes me want to run and hide in a corner.  So yeah.  If in the area, I'd totally get dim sum to-go from this place.If not, I'll continue to go to C-Fu for weekday lunches :)
4	Needs better decor, something to help create some ambiance.  Looks like all the other generic restaurants that have gone into abandoned fast food buildings only this one is sprinkled with kitschy Chinese items.  But the food was good.  Like others have said, you need to ask for the dim sum menu.  The staff was very helpful in making suggestions as to what we should try, maybe a little too helpful, but that's ok.  Was pleasantly surprised by the bill, less than we usually spend when going out to eat
3	Amanda B organized a UYE for Dim Sum here today.  They do Dim Sum from a menu instead of carts and it works really well.  They also have a picture menu to look at with many of the items on it so folks like me can have a better idea what to order just by picking the picture of stuff they liked on a prior trip.  We were pretty much the only folks there for quite a while and we had the full attention of the staff.  Not all of the staff is fluent in English but I can only recall that being a problem with the tea.  I liked my choices a bit better this time, experience helps, and Marian H was helping me with sauce pairings as there were several to choose from.I almost gave them a 4 but for the restroom.  The fixtures had a lot of corrosion around them and in general the restroom showed a lot of wear.  I flushed the urinal and was washing my hands and it seemed like the running water was very loud, I looked over at the urinal and the valve had stuck and the place was indeed flooded.  I beat on the valve with my fist until it rocked back but by that time the floor was quite deep in water.  I mentioned it to the hostess and they had someone in there with a mop quickly.I would definitely go back here again.
4	Dim Sum, Chapter IIAbsent were the bustling carts, leaving a trail of steam and aromas of delicately balanced Asian delights. In its place, a photo-accompanied menu a la sushi style made its way around the table. It was a method that fit China Chan remarkably well.We were a band of a dozen foodies, converging on China Chan on a Sunday morning. We ordered en masse and our food came out in wave after delicious wave. Everything was delightful.As the second instalment of UYE: Dim Sum drew to a close, we were satisfied.
4	In my eyes, China Chan is completely redeemed. Apparently, I suck at picking dim sum dishes - except for the last time. I ordered the fried taro, the baked bbq beef buns, and the Chinese broccoli.The fried taro were fluffy, crispy balls of delicious starch, and oh-so-good. The baked bbq beef buns were egg-washed puffs of soft dough, filled with sticky-sweet beef.Unfortunately, I never received my broccoli. So I can't judge that. From what I saw on other folks' tables, it looked damn tasty.
5	I have only had Dim Sum a handful of times, most of them in Phoenix.  The best was in San Fran China Town.  We went to China Chan because of the reviews on yelp, and we were very happy.  It is by far the best I have had here in Phoenix (that is why I gave it 5 stars).  My favorite Dim Sum selections are on the menu and they taste great!  You can't beat the price!
4	A few days ago my favorite restaurant blogger, Seth Chadwick, wrote about a dim sum place with a twist - no carts. Instead you check off items on a printed menu, much like those in many sushi places, with an accompanying page of photos of the various dishes. I thought this was a great idea since I've always been intimidated by the servers who push the cart up to your table and try to force unwanted dishes on you.China Chan is at the Metro Center, a place we seldom go. The freestanding building is unprepossessing, to say the least, as is the interior. A few sad lanterns hang from the ceiling. That's about it for ambience. But the servers are very nice, and those who speak English are happy to make suggestions and give explanations of the various dishes. There are 28 dim sum dishes at $1.80 each including spareribs with black bean sauce, baked BBQ pork buns, and tripe with ginger and scallions. At $2.85 you can get steamed lotus flavor rice, pan fried rice noodles with dried shrimp, and 7 others. Next are those at $3.55; steamed shrimp filled rice noodles, beef tripe, chinese broccoli and shrimp roll steamed rice noodle. Finally, the chef's specials, eight of them, are priced from $5.99 to $8.50. From this last group we chose roast pork and roast duck. We also selected daikon cakes (I know these as turnip cakes) at $1.80. Lastly, from the regular menu we ordered eggplant in garlic sauce. Our waitress, licking her lips, suggested we add beef to the dish and that we pour lots of chili oil on top. The roast pork and daikon arrived first. Chunks of moist, slowly roasted pork were generously sprinkled with the cracklings of skin. Decadent. And the portion was huge. The daikon cakes, three large rectangles enough to serve 6 as part of a meal, were the silkiest I've had, with just enough pan fry crust to satisfy. A small bowl of hoisin was served alongside. Then the duck and eggplant were served. The eggplant sauce was quite mild (our server was right about the chili oil) but beautifully flavored and the beef slices were a great addition. Again, the serving was huge. I don't recall how much this cost, but the dishes from the menu are remarkably low priced. The only thing not stellar was the roast duck. The skin wasn't crackly, and there was lots of fat. Both menus contained dishes you don't often find, and there were lots of Asian diners, so China Chans felt like the real deal. I suggest you go there with lots of people so you can sample a great variety of dim sum. Give us a call - we're ready to go!!
4	I love pleasant surprises.  I have to confess, I made fun of this place driving by one time because it looks like a total dive.  I was kind of shocked to get a recommendation from Helen of Sweet Republic Ice cream... if she said it was going to be good, I knew it would be... and it was!  This was a delight.  The wait staff spoke nearly no english (making it even more authentic?), but they were super sweet and went way out of their way to make it great.  I'm still warming up to Dim Sum, so this time we tried some more low key dishes, Sesame Chicken (WOW!) and Chicken Broccoli.  The flavors in the sesame sauce was great, just the right thing for a Tuesday night.  Massive portions. Chow mein as well as rice. Can't wait to go back.  I didn't attempt to verify, but I'm fairly certain there was no MSG. Everything tasted VERY fresh.
4	I love this place!  Thanks to Yelp I learned of it's existence.  My wife and I lived in the SF Bay area for 14 years and were pretty spoiled when it came to Chinese cuisine...have tried a few places in the valley and China Chan's dim sum is probably one of the best tasting!  It isn't always pretty, but it tastes great!  You can't beat the prices and the service has always been friendly and timely.  Added bonus is the free Chinese lessons!Tried one item off the main Chinese language menu and was a little dissapointed, will have to try a few more items to find their "sweet spots " on their menu.  If your a fan of dim sum without the fanfare, you will like this place!
4	Super friendly, great service, came in just before they stop serving Dim Sum at 3:00PM on a Saturday and chef was willing to make some for us on short notice.  A picture menu and ordering of a list like a sushi menu instead of having a cart roll out to you was neat.  And the picture menu really helped out my linner partner.  So we were able to get all the dishes we wanted delivered out to our table in one go which I found convenient.  The Dim Sum was well executed, not greasy, and the price is right.   I'd rate it about the same level as House of Sifu in Chandler.   But bellow Great Wall or Golden Buda the the other 3 major Dim Sim places in the valley.
4	I have to say, the dim sum here is phenomenal. I was a little put off by the significant lack of decor but the food definitely made up for it to get 4 glowing stars. We ordered the pork pineapple bun (worked well with the sweet bread and salty pork), cilantro flat rice noodle (lots of cilantro, so good), har gow (large shrimp filling), fried bean curd, curry pastry (wow the indian/chinese spice worked), and jasmine tea. All the dishes were nice and fresh since it was straight from the kitchen. No carts used here and it was actually ok. Even better than ok! Initially I thought carts made dim sum fun but now I think about it, I had more time to relax and enjoy the food rather than looking around like a paranoid schizophrenic eyeing a cart to come around. It's like when you go out with friends for Korean bbq and they want to grill the meat on the table because it's new and fun. I usually get stuck with grilling duty so I make sure everyone is happy with their pieces of meat. Sometimes I wish the chef just cooked it in the kitchen so my clothes don't have to stink for the rest of the night and I could enjoy my food without looking paranoid to make sure everyone is getting their meat. In sum, China Chan offers fresh, nicely filled, hot dim sum that will not disappoint you. I'm definitely coming back.
5	This is THE ONLY dim sum place I found in PHX. In Orange County I had no problem finding a good dim sum place but in Phoenix, this is as good as it gets.  Hence the 5 stars.... The food is good and well priced... Dim sum is ordered on a menu. Not rolled around in carts so you miss out on that experience.I definitely recommend the custard filled bun. Anything with Shu Mai is good... I really like the flavor. The sesame seed balls are good too. I love how fresh everything is when they bring it to you.The dim sum prices are good for the amount you get.Weekend mornings get crowded so  u better get there early if you have a large party. Wait staff is nice but the English is broken.  Not an issue for me. I do the point and order.
5	We had a very lovely time here this past Sunday afternoon.  We arrived around 1pm, and were greeted at the door by a very pleasant waiter who immediately asked "Dim Sum"?  We were seated in a booth and received the usual picture menu along with the pricing receipts for the wait staff?  We ordered hot tea and tried the dim sum, siu mai, pork buns, steamed spare ribs, pot stickers.The wait staff was very helpful and very kind.  We also ordered some pineapple barbecue pork buns to go.  (There is no pineapple inside we were informed).  They were delicious by the way.  We left there with full bellies for a total of $22 including tip.The decor is fine (actually the way I would prefer for a Chinese restaurant that has excellent food and service), and the wait staff were quite fluent enough in English for me.  It was cool and relaxing inside as it was 108 degrees outside that day.We've already recommended people from L.A. to come here and look forward to our next trip to China Chan.
4	I'm like Penny Lane x; that I wouldn't have tried this place if it wasn't for YELP!!! - Now, I am a fan; only been there 1 time; but this place has delicious, Singapore Rice Noodles (a entree I seen to judge all dim sum places on) - the portion easier feeds 2-3 people and runs higher than normal dim sum prices (but, it well worth it)...All of the other dim sum items were great that I tried.  Go early, because we got there at 11AM and 15-30 minutes later there was almost no tables/booths left.
3	= = = = = = THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE CHINA CHAN DAILY BUFFET = = = = = =Dropped in here today with Norm R. & Mike C. to try the new buffet they have going.  There were only 19 items, with all of it good, but nothing outstanding.  (China Garden at 19th Av. & Bell Rd. gets higher ratings with a tiny selection like this by serving exceptional food.)  Also, empty, unused trays laying there in the serving table were a minus.  (Solution:  Bring out more food items!)Restaurant comfort was ok, & it was inexpensive at $5.99
4	My brief stint in NYC has given me a bit of the snobbies when it comes to Chinese food.  Now, I'm not adventurous and I can't handle too much spiciness, but I feel as though I'm a pretty good judge of fried rice and some of the basic dishes that no one but me get excited about.  China Chan delivers in both of these areas.This place started as a fantastic Yelp find and served as a lunchtime hideout for my coworkers and me.  Super cheap and filling lunch specials served by the perky proprietor were our salvation from a crappy workplace.  Since escaping said hellish work environment, I've returned to CC for many a delicious dinner.  They do have delivery, but I've missed the delivery driver's departure a few times so I generally just pick it up myself.  It's pretty sparse on the inside, which is fine when it's daylight and you can look out the windows, but does not make for the best dinner dining room.If you work in the neighborhood, make sure to stop by for a lunch that won't break the budget and might even send you home with some leftovers.  Now that we're not hiding out there at lunch, we'll open up our space to anyone else who needs some midday goodness.
3	I had lunch here today with Norm R. and Rand H. the buffet was small and kind of in an weird place ,it was like you had to go behind the service counter to get to the other side of the buffet line. The food here was pretty good though,they had Chinese broccoli ,walnut shrimp,deep fried battered fish, spring rolls that were good and not greasy ,fried chicken which was good and the pork pot pot stickers were very good also.But  they had nothing to satisfy my sweet tooth not even a Chinese donut . I did have a couple of slices of watermelon and honey dew melon which were Ok but I would have prefered some cake and ice cream. Well China Chan restaurant will not make my top ten list , it is still an A OK place and yes i would return.
4	I had never thought it possible. An actual Dim Sum place that conjures up memories of Chinatown SF? No. I must be dreaming. There's no way that I can get succulent Shumai, Steamed BBQ pork buns, Lotus wrapped rice, and fried Sesame Bean Curd balls in Phoenix, Arizona.Looking back, it did feel like a dream. Everything was right, even the dumpy decor, and (ironically enough), a tv playing the P90X infomercial in the background.  English was poorly spoken, as it should be, and the items are easily identified by pictures on the menu. Some oddities stood out, such as tripe, chicken feet, and shark fin, but I will save those for next time. We got the typical items, including Chinese sausage buns, egg custard, and  cilantro-wrapped noodles, and it was all tasty. While not the best I've ever had, it was still delicious. Cheap too!Be adventurous, and go here. I fear that without support, this restaurant will fail due to it's absolutely terrible location.
5	When I was in Phoenix on business staying over by the Metrocenter, I was craving chinese but didn't want to drive too far since I'm not familiar with the area (and I was exhausted). Yelp didn't lead me down the wrong path once again. China Chan was AMAZING!!My order: War Won Ton Soup (no shrimp) and Veggie Fried Rice. War Won Ton Soup = FANTASTIC! The broth wasn't all murky and it wasn't too salty and it was just delish! The wontons weren't mushy, and the meat wasn't grainy. The veggies in the soup were fresh and tasted great. Veggie Fried Rice = awesome. It was a MASSIVE portion for only $5.50 and was definitely fresh made. Lots of the same veggies in the soup were in the rice and I was definitely excited. The mark of a great fried rice is that the veggies that are supposed to be crispy are and China Chan hit it spot on. Awesome!I walked in to order to-go and my order was ready within ten minutes. I will definitely keep China Chan in mind when I'm back in Phoenix and craving Chinese food.
2	7pm. Had a hard time finding the place, but found it. We came in greeted with menus n also were informed of the buffet. Didn't look appeasing, so we ordered from the menu. I ordered the combo: ck/broccoli, fried rice n lo mein. My fren ordered the pk fried rice. Our sever was a young boy, very nice n attentive. Didnt have to ask for refills on our drinks. Meals came quickly. Food was way too salty for my taste buds, couldn't taste any seasoning. Could't get pass the saltiness Cooked with too much soy sauce/brown sauce. BUT I could taste Ginger n sesame oil on my chicken, which was a little much- too funky tasting for me. Tried masking it with hot chili oil. Couldn't finish our meals, left hungry. Loved the lo mien n iced tea. The whole time we were there, no customers. The place needs some updating tho. The service/price were great!
1	My family and I had a terrible dim sum experience at China Chan on a Thursday afternoon. They were out of practically everything we ordered and what we did end up with was sub-par at best. The service was terrible and to tell you the truth, for what we got this place is overpriced.Here is a list of what we managed to sample: steamed shrimp & beef rice rolls, shrimp dumplings, bean curd rolls, chinese broccoli with oyster sauce, sweet white sponge cake, egg tarts, cocktail buns, and fried sesame balls. All of these items ranged from barely edible to barely acceptable.Perhaps China Chan does better on the weekends when there is more dim sum traffic and the food is fresher, but I wouldn't choose to come back here. Out of the 3 dim sum restaurants I have tried in PHX, this one ranks dead last for every reason.
1	DO NOT EVER GO HERE EVER, CERTAINLY NOT MSG FREE.DIMSUM TAKES FOREVER.....MADE MYSELF AND PARTY MEMBERS VOMIT SHORTLY AFTERWARDS. it is also a pretty big upset when the waiter speaks zero english. HAD A RAPTURE-LEVEL EVACUATION OF MY COLON AFTERWARDS THAT CAN ONLY BE DESCRIBED AS A "THUNDERFURY"
3	We were looking for a good chinese restaurant in Phoenix that served Dim Sum. This was a unique hole in the wall and probably would not have gone there, but for YELP.   The Dim Sum was pretty good.  Yes, you have to wait, since it is made to order (ie. fresh), but it is better than having it warm when you get it.
5	Awesome Chinese restaurant been going their for 3 years and the service was the best and some of the best food too.
5	I've never had their buffet.But my family and I always enjoy their Dim Sum on Sundays or takeout.  Also if you want to have the old fashion family style experience take a look at their menu and call ahead for some good Chinese classics.  They even have one of my favorites of bitter mellon and black bean.
1	Had the buffet, all the food was old, and cold. The tase was not good at all. When some new food was brought out (orange chicken) it was nasty.
2	Taking away stars from this place. They no longer serve dim sum daily. They now have a buffet that for the most part is rather bland and the presentation is so unappetizing. At least make it look good enough to eat. Dim sum comes out over cooked as if it was just reheated.
