1	I  decided to stop in and see what this place was all about, after reading the positive reviews about the naan bread being the best in the city.Let me start by saying that the restaurant is completely ghetto which in my mind works in its favour, but not only is the decor ghetto the sanitary conditions are horrible. The table cloths haven't been washed in weeks, the floors look like they haven't been washed in days and the glasses don't really get washed more then they get dipped in dirty soapy water. My advice is to drink from the can and don't have water.The service was O.K. it's a family place so it's more like eating in someones home where the family member were in the kitchen. This was kind of fun but unfortunately I felt like I was disturbing the waiter.I ordered combo C which included samosas, chicken korai, rice, salad and naan. The samosas came quickly, maybe a little too quickly the outside was hot and the inside was stone cold. The chicken came out of the kitchen shortly after with the rice the salad and the naan.The chicken was very good and the rice was very good. The salad on the other hand was disappointing iceberg lettuce with Kraft Italian dressing not what I would call appetizing. The naan bread that was described as being the best in the city. I have to disagree, don't get me wrong it's good but I've had as good or better.This being said, it's hard to beat the price. My combo meal cost me $12 including a soft drink, but I can't say I'll be back, I can't get past the cleanliness issue. I like the ghetto feel but in my mind it should still be clean.
2	I myself had take-out so I can't really comment on the cleanliness of the table clothes, but I can tell you that the naan was certainly not the best in town. I'd have to say the naan was probably the weakest part of the meal and was slightly burnt.The rest of the food was fine, but on par with most other Indian take-out. I'd order again, but mostly for the convenience.
3	This is a great local Pointe Indian resto. The soup is usually delicious, with plenty of roasted garlic. The Dansak is very flavourful and the saag is perfect. The iceberg lettuce salad is to be expected from a 3-course meal Indian restaurant  and actually refreshing. Seems clean enough to me and great value for the lunch and the supper special as well. The owner is always welcoming.
1	The owner is a real asshole and the food is sub par. Never again.
