4	This is a great Teeter. Very large beer and wine section, great produce, great bakery, great deli, great frozen. It's just... great.I don't recall ever seeing a melon bar before, neat!
4	What I like most about the location of this store is that its so close to everything, there's a Super Target, Bilo and CVS all in the same general area! So, its a little farther from my home but well worth the trip.Every time I've been here the store is clean and there are associates to help when you need, today I visited the deli and it was great service, the associate let me sample the different meats and cheeses and ensured that the cuts were just right. What I also liked was all the different prepared meal bars, there was a pizza station, a lunch station that today was serving Chinese they had egg rolls, fried rice, lo mein, several different meat selections and vegetables, a made to order sushi station as well as a made to order sandwich station! Overall, I enjoy shopping here and I will definitely be back!
4	I live less than a mile from this location, and Steelcroft has been "my Harris Teeter" for the past 4+ years.  This large store recently underwent an impressive makeover to rival the Morrison Road "Taj-Ma" Teeter & Cotswold Teeter locations.  We now have many of their same upgrades, including a substantial salad & hot food bar, considerable deli/bakery, and expanded produce department.  However, the addition of the Starbucks to this location has put temptation right at my back door!After only two visits, I have been completely sucked in and caught up thanks to Alyssa & Carol's magical ability to take my "not-on-the menu custom" latte request and convert it to the absolute BEST frappuccino laced with extra whipped cream, topped with a caramel + chocolate drizzle, and sprinkled with vanilla sugar!  Sooo YUM and sooo DELISH!!  Before I could exit the cafe, another customer inquired what I had and wanted to know if they would create the same for her.Carol was one of my favs when she worked in customer service prior to the store's facelift.  And, Alyssa is my new favorite awesome and supremely talented barista, who's not afraid to strut her exceptional skills.  These two are so terrific and accommodating, you may find me looking for them with a flashlight in the daylight! Kudos and atta girls to Olympia and Kemica for good (comedic) conversation, helpful suggestions, and for giving overall excellent customer service each and every time!I've shopped other Teeter locations and, clearly, this one is second to none!  And, the unparalleled coffee drinks and extraordinary customer service at this location is EVERYTHING!!  GREAT STORE, GREAT JOB!!
5	Great store,love the order on line and pick up service.I was in the store Monday night and my son left his meds in the buggy by mistake ,the Mgr.called us and waited for us to return for it.My family has been shopping here since 1998 and has always gotten great service,selection,and good food!!
4	This store is on par with the rest of the HT chain, so it's clean and all that jazz... The carts are in pretty good condition, so if you find one with a wobbly wheel, there's a chance you can pick another one around it and end up with a winner... The only thing that is less than awesome is going to do a coupon special (Super Double or Triple) on any other day than the Wednesday it starts... Seriously, if you're looking for something in particular, you'd better take the day off work or head to another store... For some reason, this one is out of the majority of products well before any of the other stores in the area... I guess they've just got a large clientele and not enough items to last... It's not bad, but it could be better... On the upside, though, they do offer rain checks, but let's face it... Who remembers to use those? lol
5	I have been going this HT every since it opened, a long time ago. Good people and good customer service
3	I would like to rate a little higher but I can't because of the prices. The store and staff are great, but I can get so much more of the exact same things at Walmart or Target. The few times I shopped there I can't help to regret overspending :(  I wish they had a program that gave you a straight percent discount or just lowered the prices.
5	This is how a grocery store ought to be.  Tremendous selection, friendly staff, clean store.  Lots of extras.  I hope when Publix opens in Lake Wylie, its comparable.Note to Harris Teeter Senior Management - You need to open a store over in Clover, SC.  There is a perfect piece of land available too - at the intersection of 274 and 49 (where they split) near the entrance to Bethelfields.
5	The store is clean and the employees are very nice. I come here mostly for hard to find items, seafood, and their beer selection. Parking can be a pain sometimes since it's located in a strip mall, but it's not the worst. Prices might be a little high, but they make up for it in customer service, selection, and appearance.
5	Great customer service experience with Chris who works as bagger / cashier. Great attitude, knowledgeable, hard worker.
