3	Hungry and hungover, we stumbled into the food court in the Fashion Show Mall.  Two friendly Asian ladies handed us delightful Bourbon chicken samples on toothpicks and we were sold!  Double chicken combo plate please!  We decided on the signature Bourbon chicken and spicy black pepper chicken with veggies instead of fried rice.  The veggies were mushy and obviously prefrozen...not very spectacular.  However, the chicken was delightful...greasy and it fulfilled our cravings for salty, juicy, finger-lickin' chicken.  Wished we could have received a larger plate..the serving was quite measly..especially after our stomachs had been stretched out by Vegas buffets.
4	When did this place take the Asian direction? It's been a while since our last visit. I like the changes! Note: All combos come with a free vegetable egg roll. I ordered the bourbon chicken (free samples! sold!), the steamed veggies, and the rice with beans for $5.41, and my husband got the two chicken combo meal- two kinds of chicken and  noodles for $5.99. Pretty reasonable for mall food on the Strip's Fashion Show Mall.  The veggies weren't mushy as one review noted. The rice and beans were tender. I knew how the chicken was going to taste, because of the free samples. No refills, so order a large drink- we split it.  Portions are pretty big- I only ate half of it.  If you're a dude, you might finish yours, though. Next time, I might get the Bourbon Chicken Bowl (I'm a fan of teriyaki bowls.) Tip: You might want to use a knife to cut out the parts of the chicken thigh meat that you don't want to eat. There's only a couple places that I like to eat at this mall, and this is one of them. ( I don't trust a lot of places in the mall.) The Bourbon Chicken reminds me fo a place that used to be the Boulevard Mall that served Bourbon Chicken- but it no longer exists (sadly).
2	WHERE: Located inside the Fashion Show Mall food court.WHEN: 10am-9pm, Monday-Saturday I believe, and 10am-8pm on Sundays.WHAT: My mom and I went to do a little shopping, and decided we were hungry.  We weren't THAT hungry so we chose to share a 2-chicken entree.Spicy Chicken: This was my mom's choice because she likes adding that spicy zing to her chicken.  It was spicier than I thought it would be, so those who do not like spice, I advise not to choose spicy chicken. Haha.Lemon Chicken: I absolutely love their lemon chicken. It is just the perfect consistency, the perfect flavor, but not the perfect amount (as in I could have eaten more of it, haha).I did get to try the samples of Bourbon Chicken they were giving out, which was real good too. From my experience, the food was good, but the customer service, not so.  When we walked up to the stand, the two workers were talking to each other as if we weren't ordering. They'd ask what else we needed, but would continue on with their conversation, which I thought was a bit rude.  So, the 2 stars I gave this place is solely for the food. No bueno!I hope I get better service the next time I crave their Lemon Chicken =/
1	The chicken is food-court quality, but the rest of the food is even worse. The chicken was greasy, the noodles were greasy and bland, and they refused to give us a cup of water - they would only (after asking several times) offer to give us some from the hand-wash sink when they clearly had a soda-tap that dispensed water. AND they had a stack of styrofoam cups! What else would you use them for??
5	OK maybe it was because I was starving hungry, tired, a little hung over & probably dehydrated from the heat, but honestly, this was one of the best meals I had while in Las Vegas. I had the 2 chicken special - bourbon & blackened - with rice. It was just so delicious & hot & wholesome & filling! It was exactly what my husband & I needed that day! It was a big plate of food for $6.98 & you can't even get a burger for that!
3	Chicken Connection has a similar format to a panda express.  Pick your main and your sides for about $7.  You get your choice of fried noodles, red bean rice, or vegetables.  You can get a combination too if you'd like.  I had the rice and veggies; neither were particularly great, but I do like that there was a veggie option.  Chicken options include lemon chicken, bourbon chicken, pepper chicken, spicy chicken, etc.  I like the bourbon chicken the best.The portions are comparable to panda express; it's more than I can eat in one sitting. But not quite enough for 2 meals probably.Service was not particularly friendly.  They will let you sample chicken if you'd like, though.Notes:-They don't give out any cups of water; bottled water for purchase, only.
4	Before leaving my review I want to give my humble opinion on all the negative reviews on this place. The chicken connection is part o the food court at the mall, so it is important to reset expectations to the right levels when you are getting value for your money.Every time I come to this stand, the staff is friendly and the food looks fresh and appealing (except for the shrimp...the presentation is a bit dry for my taste), including the free samples. Just like with places like Panda Express or Ichiban, you pick rice or veggies and then your dishes.Every dish you get here is chicken, as hinted by the name, and every single one is tasty. They have bourbon, blackened, sweet and sour, and stewed chicken with a spicy kick. You can get rice and two chicken dishes for $7 minus discount if you work a the mall, making it a good place to come have lunch.Like a good friend of mine said... "At the chicken connection you get plenty of protein with one carb or veggies for around $7. What else can you ask for?"
1	Yes I know it's in a mall food court. Yes I know it is Las Vegas. It still doesn't excuse this place for selling horrible tasting food. I ordered the lemon chicken that comes with rice and noodles. The chicken tasted great at first but it just didn't have a strong lemon flavor. I felt like I was just eating plain chicken nuggets. The noodles were disgusting. I felt like they cooked them in saliva because it was all soggy and slimy. Even my girlfriend tried it and said it was gross. The best thing on the plate was the rice that had kidney beans. My girlfriend ordered blackened chicken with veggies and rice. Again the rice was great. The chicken was ok but again, no flavor. The veggies were soggy as if they were steamed in, wait for it, saliva! This place is gross. I would have been better off eating some KFC or a burger from Wendys.
4	I must say, I was pleasantly surprised by how good the food was here. Sure it was just another ol' fast food type restaurant in a food court located in a busy mall in Las Vegas, but the food here was really good! I will say that I was suckered into eating at the place by them offering me a taste of their Bourbon Chicken. Nevertheless, all I can say is that it worked and they knew they had something good going. The lady was really nice behind the counter and the service was just the service (it was a panda express type buffet line; I'm not sure what they could of done to blow my mind service-wise). The food, though, is the main reason I'm writing this review. I ordered steamed vegetables, bourbon chicken, and blackened chicken. If I could go back in time, I would double-down on the bourbon chicken because it was so delicious. Also, the steamed vegetables were very fresh during my visit and it made for a great meal. Although, I did steer away from the chow mein because it didn't look that appetizing.Prices were reasonable and the ladies that helped me were nice. It was a food court though, so I wasn't expecting much. I guess I'm writing this review because I got a bit more than I was expecting. That's always a good thing, right?
3	Inside the food court at the Fashion Show Mall. It's almost like a Chinese fast food place, but they only have chicken!What we got:Lemon Chicken Combo: it's almost like orange chicken, but with lemon instead! Comes with chow mein or red/yellow rice thing. You can have both or just one or the other. The lemon chicken was pretty good, but had a lot of batter. Chow mein were just flavorless noodles and I didn't even touch red/yellow rice. I also got to try the Bourbon Chicken, Teriyaki Chicken, and Pepper Chicken. All of them were pretty good too. Bourbon and pepper were probably one of the top chicken sides they had.
3	I eat here a lot, only because the only other "Chinese Food" restaurant in the Fashion Show Mall Food Court, is Panda Express. The Chicken is good. I've ordered many different types, no complaints so far. I tried the Blackened Fish once, after many people suggested it. It really wasn't to my personal liking. I could only take a few bites... Luckily I saw a handicapped man digging through the trash... I went and got a clean fork, and gave it to him to eat. So it went to good use. It's a clean place. I've eaten here for years, it's always been very clean. There has been many times the Health Department closed almost every establishment in the Food Court, this was one of the few that remained open. The service is not very good. I think there's a huge language barrier between the 2 women up front, and English speaking customers. I rated this place 3 Stars, because it's not a fantastic business. If I was able to give half stars, I would've rated it 2 1/2 stars. Although the food is good, the only protein  they offer is chicken, and blackened fish. There are many places that have "Chicken" in the name, that also offer tofu, and beef options. Also, the service. I'd eat there more often if they had a better staff.
