4	This is a fun shoe store in a great neighborhood. Prices are reasonable. The selection is great, but they were out of my size in several shoes that I wanted to try. Service was average.
1	The place has a quaint look about it, which is why I decided to try it last week. I have to say, that's THE ONLY positive thing I have to say about this place, everything else is TERRIBLE :(I can't talk about all of their shoes (some look better than other) but the patent pumps they sell, especially the one they sold ME, were extremely poor quality and overpriced - you can get the same shoes from Macy's for much better prices and they won't give you the fake brands either.What happened to me is that the shoe I wanted was on display in another size on the rack and the guy who works there brought me some other shoe from their storage - it looked about the same if you don't look closely but the it is a fake. The quality is really low, it had a different type of lining and sole color, but he claimed it's the same shoe and if I wanted it in that size I had to buy it. Well, either the brand makes really lousy shoes (which I doubt) or the fake brand shoes I got home with me were just not the real thing because I couldn't break them in and after wearing them for about an hour I was in real pain - they not only hurt my feet but the heel tips were so lousy that they immediately got scuffed (they're basically cheap plastic).Lesson learned: even if the shoe looks good on the outside (almost like the authentic brand!) and even if it's sold on Walnut Street, it might not be worth the $50 "deal." Do yourself a favor, go to a real shoe store (like the Littles Shoes in Squirrel Hill, etc.), this is a terrible boutique with overpriced and poor quality merchandise and I would highly recommend against buying their stuff.Last thing, I don't think people appreciate being called "honey" in a condescending voice by someone who only cares about profit, and being told lies for that matter! And not giving real receipts (they use hand written ones!) along with a strict 7-day return policy makes it clear they don't want you to have a chance to change your mind (which you will!)...and who knows what other reasons they have for maintaining such lousy policies considering the quality of their merchandise.I rest my case: AVOID Ten Toes on Walnut ladies!!! Go to Francesca's, go to Banana Republic, just pass right by Ten Toes and don't give them the satisfaction of taking your money for shoes that you won't be able to wear :(
5	Ten Toes is a great personal shoe store surrounded by big businesses in Shadyside. The employees are awesome, they remember my girlfriends shoe size, they know what she likes to wear, and they always have great suggestions for what I should surprise her with. Make sure to stop in and say hi to them next time you are in Shadyside.
3	I really want to like this store. I like most of the stock they have and they are always changing it up with the current styles. They always have really good sales going on! What I didn't like was the service. I went in and I was greeted with a friendly hello. I checked out the stuff they had in stock perusing the shelves looking for my size. When I couldn't find anything my size I asked the older gentlemen if he could point out the shoes they carry in my size (5 1/2.) Now I know my size isn't average but I imagine this to be a specialty store and a small business geared towards the satisfaction of it's customers. The guy said not only do they only have what was in the sale section - which when I tried it on he went on to even say they were too big for me - but they are getting less and less in my size and don't plan on ordering more  5 1/2s.Really?! Wouldn't you want the sale? Try to at least offer to order the shoe I was interested in for me which would make me want to visit this store again and give them future business? I know it's a hassle to special order things and running the risk of a customer not purchasing the item. I hate to compare business's but I know Little's in Squirrel Hill does it, and heck, I would've even paid an ordering fee it that's what it took to get the pair of shoes I wanted.  The sales man didn't try to offer me any advice, give any suggestions, I almost felt like he didn't want my business. I was not impressed with my experience and wished the sales man had been more accommodating.
5	My first time to visit, and I hit a GREAT sale. 4 pairs of shoes for $75, and all of the shoes are very stylish. One of the employees, Brian, was very helpful! When a shoe was a little loose, he simply added some padding and the shoe fit just right. I am glad I discovered this place, and will definitely go again. Great prices, great customer service.
5	In the age of shopping online, I am always refreshed when encountering good old fashioned customer service.  I went in looking for some boots, and was suited with a fabulous pair that fit well, and the salesman was extremely helpful.  He was very knowledgeable and he let me know how the shoe would form to fit my foot and leg.  The boots were also very reasonably priced for a boutique.  I am very pleased with my purchase.  Highly recommend this store!
5	Had a great experience here!The owner (I'm sorry I have forgotten your name) really helped me out.  I came knocking on the door in desperate need of a new pair of new black shoes, but apparently they closed a couple minutes prior me coming.The owner kindly unlocked the door for me, pointed me in the direction of the perfect pair of reasonably priced shoes and I was off :)
5	My best friend/roommate and I absolutely love this place. Last time we went in we were actually wearing shoes that we bought here and the salesman commented on that we were a walking advertisement for them. Overall, we both combined have 6 pairs of shoes from this place and so far we have gotten a lot of compliments. I bought my first pair here about a month plus ago and I still receive compliments on those pair. The prices are really not expensive for the quality you get. My friend got really nice brown boots here that look really classy for only $89. Anywhere else they would be at least $150. If you have not tried this place out I would highly recommend it.
