3	This isn't  the place to go for the best fish ever.  Yes they have fish . They even have an all you can eat fish fry on Fridays. But this is more about  an Arizona Experience. Especially for a certain crowd, let's just say we go after the snowbirds have moved on. Every so often a group of my  friends gets together for a fish fry. We go to be outside eating fish on a lake with  a refreshing beverage of choice and catch up  with life.  Usually we try to go when it's gotten warm outside but not furnace hot. They have a large basic outdoor eating area and we can get about 14 people relatively close  without much problem.  It's not fancy at all. The view is beautiful  and peaceful if you like the Arizona Lake Scene. The food is good not stellar. They lean towards fried foods like french fries, fried fish , fried shrimp,  well you get the idea. It's  probably a great place to take your  parents when they visit from out of town before it's July hot.
3	Saguaro Lake is a bit small, so you can't really let 'er rip here. But with soaring rocky cliffs and the occasional eagle overhead, it is beautiful. Plus it has two other nice features. First off, it is surrounded like loads of 4-wheeling trails. Whether you're looking to tear up the sandy washes or climb rocky hills, it's there.Also, there is a boat-in only campground - Bagley Flat. It contains maybe 10 sites, and several of them are on the water. The scenery can't be beat. But be aware, we encountered LOTS of skunks there and many non-stinging bees. We didn't get stinky or stung, but we did have to mind our manners while we were there.I would not hesitate to return though. Maybe I would pick a different campsite.
4	great place near town, good restaurant, great views, friendly people.
4	For over 14 years my husband and I have gone to Lake Powell with a fun bunch for a week or more at a time . We have lots of traditions , competitions and silliness. one of our favorite traditions over the years has been the Annual Fish Fry . This serves as a time to start the banter, planning and summer for our little band of water skiers. This year was no exception. Once again the Saguaro Fish Fry served it's purpose .The wives began conspiring with lists of food , plans to relax and hanging out. The husbands talked cars, boats, engines and years gone by . Oh and everybody ate fish ..lots of fish , Saguaro Lake Marina is picturesque , relaxing and makes you feel ready to go wake-boarding .The food is solid and simple. The waitresses are good sports and know how to be nice to the mature crowd as well as families and bikers. It's a great place for out of towners or killing time with the relatives.
4	This lake is a hidden lil gem... well, I'm sure it's well-known to people who have lived in the Phoenix area for a long time but we stumbled across it yesterday while driving around, taking pictures of cacti.  (yeah - i know)It's so cute and quaint.  Not a big lake or major water sports destination but, it has a lil restaurant and a marina... and yesterday it was a nice destination and provided some great photos.  I'll return this summer!. :)See ya there!
5	I come for the ALL U CAN EAT Crab Legs...Only Saturday night...burgers are great too! Get here early with your comfy pants to enjoy every bit of crab you can literally eat. I enjoy the lake scene and sitting on the patio. Oh and the strawberry shortcake is enough for 4 people, seriously!
2	This marina is rather run down now, and it was not a great build to begin with.  The dock planks are all loose and splintery (don't walk barefoot!).  The dock fingers are flimsy and wobbly, to the point of being dangerous at the ends.  There are no cleats (!!) anywhere, just these weird metal loops you have to pull ropes through.They don't sell ice at the marina store.  How weird, huh?  You have to walk up the hill to the restaurant to get a little 7 pound bag of partially defrosted and refrozen ice.  The service was friendly, but with a lot of rules.  They'd smile while telling you that you can't do this or that.I have to say the guys at the haul-out were VERY friendly and helpful, and did a great job hauling out my big cruiser for me.The restaurant is your basic pub style fare, nothing to complain about and nothing to really talk about.Beautiful lake, but I wouldn't choose this marina again.
