3	This Ulta location is convenient. Customer service is okay.If you are looking for some good nail polish, Ulta brand nail polish is affordable and all shades are DBP, Toulene and Formaldehyde free.Limited stock for men products.Their shipments arrive on Mondays. Either they don't place big orders or they sell out fast. On two separate occasions I've needed things and they didn't have them in stock. Ugh.All-in-all good place for your personal care and cosmetic needs.
4	In a world full of Sephora girls, I am an Ulta girl. Have been and always will be. When I walk into Ulta, I get giddy from the white lights in the store and beauty products as far as the eye can see. They have many brands of makeup ranging from cheaper ones like Loreal, Maybelline, Cover Girl to higher quality ones like Benefit, Bare Minerals, Urban Decay plus Ulta has their own brand of makeup and run specials on it all the time (their lip liner and nail polishes are absolutely fantastic!) They also have a friggin sweet fragrance selection and often offer a free gift with purchase. Ulta offers a rewards program also so you should definitely sign up for it and start earning free gifts with your every day purchases and they send coupons in the mail that are good for a few weeks. What rocks even more though is that they take manufacturer coupons so you can really save some dough when you do some research on whats on sale and what coupons you have.
4	Tip #1 from Dion: Never shop ULTA without one of those $3.50 or $5 off coupons from the Wednesday mailers or Sunday paper inserts.  They're EVERYWHERE and an easy way to save a few bucks.  Big kudos to the nice cashier who scanned a coupon for me, even when I forgot mine at home.  Big plus. ULTA is like a Sephora wannabe, but can't shed it's Walgreens past behind.  Along with the higher end cosmetics like Stila and Benefit, and their designer perfumes from Chanel and Gucci...nail polish from Sally Hansen, and hair gel from Loreal. There's nothing wrong with that...and actually I think it's nice for times when you don't want to spend $20 on a can on Kenra hairspray.  (#26 maximum hold only...trust me.  I'm a hair spray connoisseur.) Anyway, the selection is always pretty good-- and when items are on sale/special it rocks.  (Big Sexy Hair products buy2-get-1 free? Oh yeah!) But keep in mind, I remember reading an article in Consumer Reports...or some news organization staying drugstore brand items purchased at places like this can often be overpriced.  You may be better off going to WalMart/Target for the Herbal Essences and Revlon. PS: I'm not sure how the salon services are, but they seem average in price. PPS:  Sign up for their ULTA card (like grocery cards rewards card) because if you shop at least a couple hundred dollars there throughout the year, the points will add up fast...and there are often 2x's and 3x's points coupons in the mail too.
4	I am a fan of Ulta... I spend enough here to rack up some really good reward points. Like Dion, I typically don't go in here without my trusty coupons... But on occasion I do forget and usually the sales person will offer to scan a coupon for me anyway.  That is always appreciated! I do like the fact that the store is not too posh but still offers a good variety of name brand cosmetics, hair supplies, and perfumes.  The service at this location has really been hit-or-miss, but overall I have had pretty good experiences here.
5	I love Ulta and the staff at this store is excellent!! Paul made my experience here very cheerful & exciting and simply made me want to buy more from him :)  I think he definitely needs recognition for his exceptional help and great makeup tips!!! Thank you, Paul!
2	I'm pretty self-sufficient, so the 5-6 times I've visited this store I have rarely asked for help. And good thing. Is it just me or are these the rudest sales people in Charlotte? I shop for cosmetics at Nordstrom, Belk and Target and have never felt as ignored as when I go into Ulta. And then when you're ready to check out - get ready to stand in line until a cashier finally shows up! I'm amazed at how lax these folks are, plus their samples are all scummy looking. The lipsticks are never correctly categorized and they seem to always be out of lots of colors. For my money, I'd rather pay a little more and go to Nordstrom and get good service, have a nice clean selection and walk out feeling like they deserve my business.
4	Ultra is a prissy gal's candy store.  I was offered assistance by more than one clerk during my visit.  The store is beautifully showcased, and it is hard to leave without looking for one more item.  The flier that comes by mail highlights gifts with purchase and features a coupon for $3.50 off.  When I checked out, the clerk gave me a handful of fragrance samples, which is a plus.
4	Yes, I love football. Yes, I hate getting ready. Yes, I am not very girly. However, I love makeup. Eye makeup to be exact. There is just something empowering about having a great eye makeup day.I'm a sucker for this place. I will sit and play with all the eyeshadows like a child plays with a box of crayons. I love Big Sexy Hair Weatherproof. It's one of my favorite hair products. My most recent trip here (which coincidentally may have been the most humid day in the history of humidity) the shelf was empty. A nice employee came up to ask if I needed help. She checked in the back to see if there was more. Nope. She then took a poll asking the other workers which anti-humidity products they recommend. Really great customer service from everywhere. Bonus: if you don't like the product... you can bring it back. So, how could I not buy the Alterna Bamboo Anti-Humidity Hair Spray?The big thing to remember before you go to Ulta: bring the flier from your mailbox. They send out a good amount of sale ads and they always have great coupons. I've made it a point to scan over each one to see if there are any good deals on things I need or use. Then, I put the coupons in my purse so I will have them with me. You never know when you may pop into an Ulta store.I like the convenient location in Cotswold. Personally, it's easier for me to come here than to run to the mall to hit a Sephora. This shopping center can be a little crazy and hectic at times.The only thing that makes me mad about this place? It sucks me in and I somehow end up spending way too much money. Damn you Ulta, you evil temptress you.
4	Not one of my favorites, but they have done nice things here. Cosmetics,  shampoos, conditioners, things of that nature. They also have hair dryers, flat irons, and other products for men as well.
5	Always helpful sales associates.
2	My rating of 2 is because they have at least one "5 out of 5 " rated stylist - no doubt about it - BUT their online booking appointment system is really abysmal.  I tried to head off any problems with it (being skeptical) and the sales associates let me down.  I booked an appointment the night before online - and thinking about it, I wondered if my stylist would know about a last minute 9 am appointment.  So - trying to make sure I was covered, I called, told them that I had booked the appointment online, and I just wanted to make sure my stylist would know about it.  I held on the phone, they confirmed that the appointment went in correctly, then they came back and assured me that she would be told about the last minute booking.  Next morning - Saturday before Christmas with a long list of things that I needed to do - I go at 9 am.  Seeing the salon empty, I told the sales folks that I had a 9 am appointment in the salon.  They told me to go have a seat.  I did - no coffee offered either.  An hour later my stylist came in - she had been called about 9:40, and been told then that I had been waiting.  She could so easily have been called, texted, emailed or sent a message the evening before when I called to make sure she knew of the last minute booking.  No coupons - no apology - and no assurance that the problem would be fixed.  The stylist I have is great - but the management needs work - sales also need the ability to do something for a customer that has been very much inconvenienced due to no fault of their own.  Hope they fix this!
