4	I found a full service gas station! Growing up in Arizona, I know this is not a common thing to find here. I only needed a few gallons to keep me from empty, but the attendants were still willing to offer me their best service. They pumped my gas for me, and washed the windows, and rang up my card, all while I sat in my vehicle. Be prepared to pay a little extra per gallon of gas, but it is well worth it for the convienence. I bet during the 110+ degree Arizona summers they are quite busy helping people stay in their vehicles.Located next to the AJ's Fine Foods at the corner of Lincoln and Scottsdale (look for the Sinclair's logo sign). I saw signs that they provide other services besides gas, but I can only speak for my experience.
5	I first took my car in for an oil change at Bridwell in 2008 before a long road trip. The mechanics and everyone that worked there were very helpful, offered excellent service, and very reasonable prices. I came here again to plug 2 tires with nails in them in 2009, and in 2010 with another car I had an oil change and 2 filters changed. Again all the service was done promptly and for a very reasonable price. When my car needs service again, I will be coming back here!
5	I'm sharing a super secret with you. Bridwell's offers full service... an art that's been long lost since the popularity of chain gasoline shops started.  This is one of the last lone standing full service stations where they actually fill your tank for you, check your car's tires, oils and essentials -- all while getting you in and out. There are times when I am going out of town and would like my car to get a quick check-up without it taking hours. I just need to make sure my car is drivable for the road trip. This is where BridWell comes in. I can't count how many times they've helped me out when my tires were low or I needed to check my oil. I feel safer after a visit and I am happy that the art of full service still exists somewhere in Scottsdale. When getting an oil change and tire rotation, I quickly learned that Bridwell is surprisingly competitive to other automotive places. For some reason I expected them to be pricier but they weren't. So now I know I can visit for my basic car needs and have a place to wait at a nice grocery store next door! So my suggestion to any yelper in need of a full service experience when getting gas should think about visiting Bridwell's!
5	Friendly FULL SERVICE!!!!!  just how it is suppose to be, they are a lost art and Bridwell's is the sole survivor.  Worth every penny.  My husband loves that I go there less to bug him about, they check everything!!!!
4	Bridwell Automotive Center is one of my favorite places to get gas.  First, you never have to leave your car.  They come right to your window, ask what you're looking for, take your payment, and then leave you to enjoy your airconditioned vehicle while they take care of pumping the gas, checking the air in the tires, washing ALL of the windows, and they'll even check your fluids if you have an extra 30 seconds and want to pop the hood.  Every time I have been there, the attendant has been friendly, happy and helpful.  My only "complaint" is the price, but it's definitely worth it.
5	GREAT SERVICE!!!!!Brought my car in beacuse it was making grinding noises, the technician told me exactly what was wrong and exactly how much it would cost to fix it. It was done in the same day and the bill was exactly as quoted. Very happy with the entire experience, thanks to everyone there!
5	GREAT SERVICE!!!!!Brought my car in beacuse it was making grinding noises, the technician told me exactly what was wrong and exactly how much it would cost to fix it. It was done in the same day and the bill was exactly as quoted. Very happy with the entire experience, thanks to everyone there!
5	I am still ecstatic after my first trip to Bridwell Automotive Center. The staff was courteous and knowledgeable and they not only identified my car's problems quickly, but they fixed them for a fraction of what I was charged elsewhere. Jack, the mechanic was extremely helpful and forthcoming, he told me everything I needed to know about the issues I was having. My Kia is purring like a Korean kitten now and after a terrible week of car repair headaches at other businesses, it's the greatest sound in the world to me. I did not get a chance to use their full service gas station, but can definitely see the benefit once those 110 degree days start coming. I highly recommend this business and will most definitely be returning in the future for any of my service needs. Could not be happier.
1	wanted to do unnecessary repairs. I know they cater to a more wealthy clientele than myself; however, the estimate was close to $5000.  The Blue Book is $5000.  Another station in the area did the NECESSARY repairs and my car is running great.
4	This is one of the very few SERVICE stations left on earth. They have been around forever, keep current and provide quick to extensive repairs. They have helped me out with dead batteries and even racing fuel for my exotic car. They charge a bit more for petrol but you get your oil checked, the glass cleaned and the tires checked. They are also friendly and professional. This is an excellent resource to have and to keep here in da hood of PV.
1	I started going here years ago thinking I would avoid being ripped off at the dealership, and Jack (the head mechanic) seemed nice. Well, I was wrong, they are as full of it as the dealerships! Jack was insisting I needed fluid changes that were in the $300-500 range on a 3 year old vehicle with less than 30,000 miles. He came up with an impressive list of what I needed to have done. I expressed to him that if it wasn't necessary, I'd prefer not to due to financial strain at the time. He insisted still that it was mandatory and needed to happen ASAP. So I found a mechanic in Tempe highly recommended on Yelp, and he did one of the services for half the price Jack quoted. The mechanic did the service and then stated it wasn't even necessary, and had he known, he wouldn't have had his guys do it in the first place. I told him about the rest of Jack's list and he stated that NONE of the things were necessary on a new car of my make and model with the low mileage I maintain. I was furious to say the least. Turns out Jack's another wolf in sheep's clothing...and it makes me particularly angry because after 3 years of regular oil changes and asking me for a ton of money, Jack never could manage to remember my name or my car. Horrible customer service. I highly recommend Gene's Auto Worx in Tempe...he's HONEST, straightforward, and doesn't take advantage of women who aren't knowledgeable of what a car does and does not need at certain points in the car's lifetime. I have a lot of interests, that is not included....I need someone I can trust. Go see Gene.
4	My family has been going to Bridwell for Auto repairs for years now and we have always felt like we were getting good information at fair prices. Jack the head mechanic really does care about his work and has always been honest with me on what can wait and what needs to be done right now. They are also a good old fashion full service gas station taking the time to check you tire pressure, your fluids and wash your windows. I hightly recommend them!
5	Bridwell to the rescue! I love supporting local, especially when they love to come to the rescue to customers! Bridwell does this well. This morning, I woke up to find some issues with my car. Not only was I long (ok, very long...like thousands of miles long) overdue for an oil change, the AC also started acting weird and I needed to get my car looked at before driving to Tucson. I stopped by Bridwell and they first took a look at my tires and fluids. I needed to top off the air on my tires and add coolant and brake fluid. They did all this within five minutes. Then I asked if they'd have some time to do an oil change and look over my car today. They said absolutely. So I came back an hour later, dropped off my car to Jack Lindsay around 11:00 and went on my way. Well, there's good news and bad news to my visit. The bad news is that while my AC turned out to be fine, my front brakes were ready to go out on me so I needed those replaced. But the good news is that they were able to do this and my oil change in record timing and I picked up my car by 4:00! The service was excellent. Jack was friendly and attentive to my car's issues and explaining them to me. The price was competitive to what I would have paid elsewhere and more importantly, they didn't charge me dealer service prices (phew!). Now this may look like a little gas station on the outside, but not only are they one of the last stations to offer the full service option, but they also have a fully functioning mechanic center that can fix my car and service it as well. I will continue to visit Bridwell and I like that I can support a local, family-owned business and leave with a fully functioning car on top of it! Thanks for coming to my rescue Bridwell! I even got to stop in for an iced coffee from AJ's on my way out.
5	I just moved here, and finding a full service auto center relatively close is a godsend.  Nice people, prompt service and clearly expert.  Makes it easier to feel safe.Thanks
1	So after writing a very accurate review on Yelp about my experience with this business, I was faced with calls from the owner in which: 1) He admitted that Gene's costs are 15-20% lower than his costs2) Invalidated my experience and tried to make me out to be a liar- unsuccessfully. Jack did tell me the work needed to be done, and that if I couldn't do the full $400+ work he was recommending right away, I at least had to have the brake fluid done immediately- which Gene informed me was not true on my first visit. None of it was necessary.3) He then called my new mechanic and bothered him about this situation....only to find out that Gene still stands by exactly what he has always stated (that the work was not necessary), and the software that Gene uses does not agree with what they use at this shop.4) There was then a voicemail, which I have saved, from the owner of Bridwell trying to bribe me with $100 cash to meet him at my new mechanic's shop to try and prove something about the fluids.....though the review I wrote was in regards to why I stopped going to Bridwell over a year ago, thus making it a desperate and invalid attempt to remedy the review I wrote. So what if Gene's shop is in Tempe in an industirial area and not in the heart of Scottsdale. Seriously? Are you kidding me? Who cares!  I'm not moving in! Maybe Bridwell's location has something to do with the pricing issues they have...figure they can get away with it in that neighborhood. Gene has 38 shining reviews on Yelp, (with the exception of 1 disgruntled reviewer), and 3 out of 8 reviews for Bridwell state they ask for unnecessary repairs that are over-priced even if they are necessary. So you be the judge. And if you do leave a not so positive and honest review to assist your fellow Yelpers in finding good service- I hope you have a good code name on here, because this owner will look you up and you will be called and bothered in his attempts to invalidate everything you have said...even if he doesn't have all the facts.
5	If high quality work, and top notch customer service are of any importance to you, I strongly recommend using this shop for everything from a fill up, to a tune up, and anything in between. It stands alone, having a real one of a kind feel, with their full service approach. I couldn't be happier with their attention to detail and their friendly, family style of treatment... Keep it up the great work Bridwell Auto!!
4	Great service! After struggling to find a gas station in Scottsdale and running on fumes, I turned into this place for some gas. I've never been to a full service station, and I still don't know if I should have tipped or what! The attendant was super friendly, quick, and even washed my windshield.
5	Quick and affordable service. Very personable guys at the store and were willing to accommodate leaving my car there for several days because I had to leave town. To be honest, I forget what the original problem was that brought me into the shop. I know it had to do with my battery connection. Regardless, the problem is faint history - as car problems should be after you leave a mechanic. Plus, there are some great stores right around to check out while you wait.
4	I found Bridwell about 1 yr ago as I was looking for a place that had good reviews. I have had a difficult time trusting auto mechanics, esp the dealers around here so when I found they had the BBB recommendation I was willing to try them out. I have had 2 rounds of work done on this car at Bridwell and both times the final cost was less than what the original estimate was. So far, so good. Great service always when I stop for gas as well. It is a relief to know that there is someone ready to help with my car even when I am just stopping for gas.
5	Another great couple of visits recently at Bridwell Auto Center! If you need work on you vehicle, and you want it DONE RIGHT by a staff that is HONEST AND TRUTHFUL, than look no further! Thanks again guys...
5	Amazing, a full service gas station in the center of scottsdale.
5	Love, love, love them!  Ask for Jack the service manager.  He's really great!  He takes the pain out of getting your car fixed and at does it at great price!  Honest and no BS!  Highly recommended!!
1	I have used Bridewell once before and was pleased with the service. Lived in Scottsdale at the time - now live in Gilbert. Pleased with the service I was willing to make the drive from Gilbert to Scottsdale and before doing so i called to ensure i could be accommodated and communicated that i was coming from Gilbert, reviewed the cars service needs, and that I likely would arrive at 8:45. Being fairly new to the valley and not having a large network, I planned to be in Scottsdale for the day while my car was being serviced because I didn't have someone to pick me up. I Loaded my computer, my bike, and my patience cap knowing it would be a long day waiting for the car but was willing to do so. I planned to take the car in on a Wed but wasn't able to make it. By 9AM I called to let them know and to confirm it would be OK to come up Thurs. Thurs morning I arrived at 845am as I had previously mentioned and was told they were too busy to work on the car and I'd have to come back.  I just drove 50 min from gilbert and made very proactive calls to ensure I could be accommodated.  Nothing was done, no shifting of other cars. I was then told it was 1st come 1st serve. Why wasn't that mentioned when I called...either time. They said well we thought you were coming yesterday.  I said yes but I called. They said yeah we were swamped yesterday too. My response was if it's a 1st come 1st serve method I would have been out of luck then too and I specifically mentioned twice I was coming from Gilbert and would arrive at 845. They don't start working on cars until 8AM. They suggested I leave the car but couldn't guarantee anything would be done. Really? I'm going to possibly waste a day in hopes the car gets serviced? I took time from work was very proactive in planning and am so tired of companies not giving a hoot. The right thing in my mind would have been for them to keep their word to me and break the bad news to another individual because they didn't plan on their end. I did more than enough to plan on my end and that they could accommodate it. I don't recommend them because they made no realistic attempt to right the wrong. Wasted 2 hrs in drive time, gas money. My loyalty to them meant nothing.
5	This place is the BEST. I was referred by a co-worker and so glad I came here. Best prices in the valley & good, honest people. They don't try to pressure you or have you get things done that don't need doing. Also super fast....I dropped my car off in the morning & had it back the same day.
5	Let me tell you my yelp story about the outstanding service I got at Bridwell Automotive. I had gotten some service work here one other time before because I had broke down nearby. Last time they were able to help me out at a very reasonable rate and got my car going again for me so I could get back to Prescott where I live.I work quite a bit in metro Phoenix in sales so I travel all over the Valley. I recently purchase a used Mercedes for a toy and  wanted to find a good place to take it to for repairs. None of the 60k services had been done so I decided to take my new car ( new for me) to Bridwell's since there really isn't a good Mercedes repair shop in Prescott. Now I had already gotten a quote from one of the Mercedes Dealerships and knew what they wanted and what they said they would do plus one other shop. The price for the same work was solidly less expensive than what the Dealer had quoted me and about the same as the other Mercedes repair shop. I decided that I would give Bridwell's a second shot as opposed to trying the other shop at the same price. Jack the Manager took care of me did a thorough job of explaining everything they were doing and also found one thing that needed to be done in addition to everything that they already did. I asked if I could do it at a different date to break up the expenses and Jack explained in great detail that yes I could but I needed to just be cognizant of a few things. After he explained everything to me  that I needed to keep an eye on I felt confident that I was safe in putting off the repair. What a pleasure it was to work with Jack and the rest of the crew. I don't think I've ever had such a detailed explanation of what I needed to know from a repair shop. Thank you Jack you have made a new loyal customer  and I have a GMC Yukon and a Nissan Sentra that I drive to the valley also that I will make sure I take there  when I need future service!
5	We just moved here from out of state. We are still not adjusted and know very little about the area or where things are. I've relied on Yelp a lot lately. We purchased a 2004 Jeep from a private party that couldn't pass a smog test. Bridwell helped us in a timely and professional manner. I would hands down recommend them and would definitely be going there again should we need a mechanic.
5	I work in Scottsdale, and one day (yesterday) I needed gas. The road I normally take home apparently does not have gas stations for 11 miles. So of course, as a person that gets paranoid as soon as my fuel light turns on, found this place on google maps. At first...I was like...what the heck is this? But this place is awesome!!! The guys were super nice, filled my gas tank for me, and wiped my windows down! Very friendly people. What a great find!
5	This is the great gas station I love the customer service here and it is one of the closest gas station to Old Town and there are not many around this area not to bad on the prices
5	Love this place! Super nice, fast, guys who fill up your car -and Steve does an unbelievable detail job! It's going to be the only place I go to from now on. It really feels like a friendly, small town, full-service, station.
