2	Went here Friday night with a group of seven expecting a wait since it's a small-ish place. Waited 1.5 hours for a table, which I would never mind for a good meal. Unfortunately, this was not a good meal. To be fair, the waitstaff is awesome. Very friendly, accommodating, etc. The food is so-so and that's being awfully generous. I love traditional Wisconsin fried-food types of pubs but this was blah. The only thing worse than their over-cooked and bland French Fries was, wait for it, their Mac and Cheese. So sad! Fair selection of liquors at best but a solid selection of beers. Would not return unless I heard they made some fairly significant strides in improvement.
4	It's a great place for burgers. Try the truffle aioli !  Only downside is I wish it was bigger for more seating so the wait wasn't as long.  But defiantly worth the wait.
4	Husband and I have been here a few times since they opened. It's very convenient to us, and a nice change from other bar & grill places that we tend to visit too much (The Vintage Brewing Co, The Great Dane, Old Fashioned, Coopers). I love the cheese curds. Batter is unique - I'd say I'd put it in my top 5 fried cheese curds in the city of Madison. I think there's some cornmeal going on in there...which imparts a little sweetness. I think it makes them sorta taste like Cheeto's, but better. Which, if you're me, is phenomenal. I do think they're still working out the cook time on these - we've had some batches that are perfectly fried, but the batch this weekend was a little greasy for my taste.Beer selection is interesting. Beer on tap is NOT limited to WI-based beers which is nice.I've had the burger, wings, brisket sandwich. Brisket Sandwich was the one that left me going "OMG". Burger was perfectly paired with beer and when craving a burger, is a perfectly delicious choice although I don't like their Red Robin-like doneness options of No Pink, Some Pink. Wings were good and meaty, but I wished they were spicier. Mac & cheese did leave a little to be desired. Prices are pretty reasonable, which is not to surprising given that the menu is mostly sandwiches & salads. Would like to see desserts. When we first went (first weekend open) they didn't have them yet, and am not sure if they are available now...We've tried to go on a Friday night but the wait times of 1hr were insane. Saturday or Sunday lunch seems to be optimal for no wait.
3	The cheese curds are greasy, as most are, but melt in your mouth delicious!  I have not had a fried curd in a while that has the cheese and fried batter equally at the same temperature.   Delicious.I had the portabella mushroom sandwich. Stay away!  just very bland, my favorite thus far is Babe's.  Mac and cheese side- I agree with another reviewer....no good. Service was good, bloody marys look good, beer list is nice...If it is on tap, you can sample it...I hear the brisket sandwich is delicious. Id go again. Just not order the same thing.  Menu could be a little more expanded...
5	Great food and service. Cheese Curds must have, best in Madison.
5	The best portobello sandwich I have ever had!!! Must try!! And hand cut fries to die for!
3	I have to believe that the Craft Table and Tap is still a work in progress.  I have been a few times and I am/was hoping to find similar menu and quality as Coopers.  I tried the burgers which were pretty good but the fries were not hot?  This is a basic.  Appetizers are OK but everything is fried. The Mac and Cheese side is boring.  Salads are good!  I found the bar service to be better than the table service - I'm not sure why?  Finally, I like the beer selection.  It would be great if they could have more rotating beers (say 5 or 6) based on special available craft beers.  The only thing is the prices for a glass of beer.  I think that $4 or $5 a glass is enough for them to make their fair profit.  Is it trying to be a regular tavern?  Then lower prices and options.  I think the market is looking for a bistro with better food options (less fried food and some entrees).  I will keep going back for a while because I want them to make it.  Something is still not right.
2	Here's hoping there are still kinks being worked out.I really, really WANTED to like this place. It looks great on paper- locally sourced food, tight menu, good drink selection, close to my neighborhood, food fight affiliated... I was even willing to give it the lovable-enough-because-it's-closeby handicap. But.... this is weird. Somehow they are able to make all of their food without flavors. I KNOW!My husband and I went on a Saturday, mid-afternoon, so we were able to be seated right away. Our server was super nice (though he kept calling my husband "brother", which made me think of Desmond from Lost) and the food was delivered quickly. We had the cheese curds based on Yelp reviews. I am a cheese curd fan. I even like bad cheese curds, because hey, cheese curds. These are not top 5 in Madison quality. They want to be, but they were greasy (not in a good way), and yes, FLAVORLESS. How do they do it?!!?! The presentation in the bucket was super cute though. Props to that. And there seemed to be some promise in the breading.I had the Italian grilled cheese, which I regretted ordering after I ate too many greasy cheese curds. The sandwich was ok- the tomatoes had good balsamic flavor, and the bread was good. The fries were super boring and wilted. My husband had the BBQ pork sandwich... and had to ask for a side of BBQ sauce because there wasn't any on it? He had the greens for a side, which were fine but a little over dressed. We didn't finish more than half our plates, and didn't bother taking the leftovers.Oh, I almost forgot- I also had a bloody mary. I swear they have some kind of flavor-extracting device in the back. How do you make a bland bloody mary?!? (Just in case you are starting to doubt my tastebuds, my husband agreed that it was bland! We really like food!)I didn't want to write you a bad review, Craft! I'm not sure the food is enough to bring us back, but the impressive beer list and that rooftop bar might be awfully appealing come summer. Hopefully they'll find their spice rack by then.
4	Best. Cheesecurds. Ever.  I agree these are some strong words, but they are fantastic.  The curds themselves are local, and the breading tastes like fish fry batter. They have a nice beer selection, as well.  On one occasion I ordered an asian salad that ended up being a bit too vinegary for my taste, but they more than compensated and our waitress (Cait) was fantastic! I try to make a point to get to the north/west side of town just so I can stop by and grab some curds.
1	Wow--first I will say our server was great...but that was about it.  Their special was a soft-shell crab BLT...the crab shell was left on and it was like trying to bite thru wax paper...and when 2 of us sent it back because it was completely inedible, the kitchen insisted thats how it's supposed to be made.  Perhaps so, but then they should warn people...we reordered something else, but it took a long time to come.  Their fries were good but the rest of the meal was nothing special.   To top it off they double charged us for the crab BLTs!! Took about 15 min for them to figure out.  The manager never came to talk to us...very disappointing.  Will not go back.
2	My wife and I did a spur-of-the-moment visit after work on a Monday. Service was pleasant and attentive; and that's really all that went well. Appetizer (little fish bites) and entrees (salad and burger) were no better than average, while "hand-cut fries" were over-done yet somehow still tasteless. Tried to order a beer off the menu, but they were out; even the back-up diet Coke tasted funny.We don't intend to ever return - there are too many nearby options much, much better than what we experienced.
1	This was horrible. We read the poor reviews but thought we'd give it a shot considering it's a Food Fight place. The host seemed uninterested in being there. The waitress was completely absent from the get-go. No drink refills or any checking in on us. We went around 6:15 on a Friday, so it wasn't a super busy time but not a dead time, either. The food was not good to the point that we left food there (even my husband), which isn't typical. We had the brisket sandwich (bland) and fries (the fries were good), the pork verde (I didn't try it but my husband didn't eat most of it), and the crispy fish appetizer (fine enough but greasy and have since discovered that we don't like smelt, which is a small fishy tasting fish that's eaten/fried whole with the bones in). I can't remember the last time we ever went somewhere and left with such a distaste for the whole experience-- the food and service. Maybe if you were going just for the bar later in the night, it'd be worthwhile. But then again, I'm not sure what food you'd order aside from fries. All in all, a big pass for us.
4	I'm sorry to call out Elizabeth V. below, but you are an idiot.  Soft shell crab is exactly what it sounds like-  a soft shelled crab.  Your sandwich was supposed to have a shell on the crab.  I've been to this place twice.  The best cheese curds that I have ever tasted!  They are so crunchy, but still light and fluffy.  I don't know how they pull that off.  Amazing!  Their burgers are great.  A good lean piece of beef on a pretzel bun with blue cheese from a local farm that could be a blue medal winner!
1	My husband and I really wanted to like this place since it's a Foodfight owned establishment and we love some of their other restaurants. We walked in hoping to sit outside and noticed there were two empty tables in their patio area. We were told it would probably be a 15 minute wait, no problem, so we sat at the bar. The bar was steady but not packed - there were even some empty stools. There were two bartenders working and we noticed there were quite a few interesting microbrews on tap we wanted to try. However, we sat at the bar for almost 15 minutes and neither bartender ever even came and talked to us. We walked out.There are a LOT of great restaurants in the Madison area, so Craftsman Table & Tap will need to step up their game big time if they want to stick around.
5	The brunch on Sunday was great, the best breakfast you can get in Madison area. Portions are big. Bloody Mary's comes with a huge chaser. Must have brunch in Madison area.PS for people complaining: don't go to any restaurant on Friday/Saturday night to expect great service or food, places are JUST TOO F... BUSY, just my 2 cents...
4	I've been here for lunch and dinner, never had bad food. Love the cheese curds, might be best in town. Great fish fry, though a little pricey for two pieces. Service however has been questionable a couple times.
5	Hands down best cheese curds in the Madison area! The Craftsman burger is my go to entree item. Burger, cheese, bacon, garlic mayo what's not to love?!? My only complaint is that it's served on a rather non-descript sesame seed bun. A nice burger bun or hard roll from one of the local bakeries like Clasen's or Madison Sourdough would be a lovely change. Plan to share dessert. The portions are huge.Highly suggest the banana caramel bread pudding!
2	We decided to try this place for breakfast after looking at the menu online.  Don't bother.  We arrived a little after 8:00 a.m. and the man who seated us almost acted surprised we were there.  There was only one other table occupied.  The place was freezing and the music was way too loud.  I ordered corn beef hash.  There is no description on the menu, but when it arrived it consisted of fried potatoes on the bottom of the plate (best part of the breakfast), strips of corn beef layered on top of the potatoes, topped with two eggs.  A biscuit came with it.  I have never seen hash this way.  In fact here is a Wikipedia definition they may want to refer to:  "Hash is a dish consisting of diced meat, potatoes, and spices that are mixed together and then cooked either alone or with other ingredients such as onions."  Although it was not bad tasting, it was not hash.  There is not an option for toast, which I would have preferred to the dry biscuit. Coffee was warm, not hot, and tasted old and bitter.  Before leaving I used the restroom...another huge disappointment.  There was evidence it had not been cleaned from the night before.  Inexcusable!  All in all it was not a good experience and I will not return for dinner.
3	Cheese curds, cheese curds, cheese curds. Get them! If you don't like them, I'll refund your money. Well, no--but I'll finish them for you. These are the BEST I've had--surpassing the Old Fashioned's. Yep, I threw down!Sadly, the two sandwiches(reuben--not on the menu any longer, and the roasted veggie) I've had there have been decent, but not a re-order item. I really like the feel inside, and I think it's a good place for a group. Sort of Great Dane-ish, but a little more upscale, with about half the menu(not a bad thing). They have decent outdoor seating, and I'm looking forward to trying brunch. Service has been friendly, albeit slow. But...the cheese curds!
1	We had heard positive remarks about Craftsman.  I can't say that we enjoyed the food as we never got that far. We waited for a table for 45 minutes, which is fine, as they told us up front. But once we were sat, we were never greeted by any waitstaff or served. After about 15 mins we did ask a busperson to ask our waitperson to stop by.  After another 15 minutes with no contact and repeatedly seeing who appeared to be the manager and other waitstaff walk by and making eye contact with us and gestures by us for assistance, still no service or even a "hello, I'll be right with you."  So we got up, gathered our coats, and quietly left.  Maybe because we left quietly, no one raised an eyebrow on our way out or said goodbye.  In all fairness, I think this is unusual for a Food Fight restaurant and I tend to doubt that this is a pattern.  We may try it again but there are so many other options in the area on how to spend our dining dollars, we are likely to give other places a chance before going back to Craftsman and giving them another.
3	I haven't lived in Madison now for about 5 years so whenever I'm back, I'm excited to meet up with friends at places they like. Usually it works out since Madison has so many fantastic restaurants, but Craftsman....not as much.I arrived after my friend, who had ordered us the German pretzel for an appetizer. It was pretty good and came with some good brown mustard and some beer cheese sauce. For the dinner, we both ordered fish fry because I do miss a good WI fish fry every now and again. I was excited, but it just was average. The breading was too thick and crunchy for my taste, the coleslaw too creamy, and the fries were average as well. Apple crisp for dessert was quite good but overall, just an ok dinner compared with other Madison spots. Maybe I should have had the cheese curds as this seems to be what people have raved about. With the competition for this type of place in Madison, Craftsman needs to step up its game.
4	Really enjoyed this place. Went on a recommendation from a friend. Great beer selection, though light on stout options. Food was rather good. I did the craftsman burger and sweet potato fries, also tried the butternut squash soup with a maple creme fresche. The bacon on the burger was a bit over done but it had great flavor as a whole. The fries were excellent, especially with their chipotle mayo. The soup was great if not a touch heavy on the maple flavor. Oh, and, I also tried the cheese curds. Great cheese curds!! In my top 2 all time now!Four stars for this type of an establishment!
3	Solid food, but nothing exciting or different. I'm not sure what kind of theme they are going for, which makes the place lack personality.Strengths - good wait staff and some good beer optionsDownfalls - not sure it is worth the price and nothing too exciting.
3	An interesting foray into the restaurant business by Sears.Craftsman tools have been going downhill slowly for years now, so it is surprising that they chose to diversify in this way. But I guess Quaker State has a place a few blocks down so why not?
1	Gauging solely on service since no one came to take our food order. Waited 30 minutes after being seated and left to go somewhere else to get dinner. There was hardly anyone here at the time. Dining with kids, our party doesn't have much patience. Not recommended for dining with kids. They serve up some weak sauce.j
4	Crafstman Table and Tap is a terrific local restaurant and bar owned by Food Fight Inc. I generally enjoy Food Fight restuarants because the service is usually very good (they tend to hire people who are passionate about good service (always friendly, usually make sure a water glass is filled, they have a smile, and regularly checking on you and your needs)). And that is the case at Food Fight. Even when the bar is a couple people deep with folks, the bartenders get frustrated (I know I used to tend bar) but the never show it. They are always patient and friendly.I have eaten here at least a dozen times. Craftsman has some great sandwiches. I love the Cuban and the Brisket sandwiches. The Cuban is heaping mounds of pulled pork and ham atop crunchy pickles, with swiss, whole grain mustard that has a nice tang to it, and a perfectly grilled focacia. The Pulled Brisket is similar. Lots of good, locally sourced brisket with cheddar, garlic and caramelized onions, and again that perfectly grilled focacia. My kids love this sandwich. Add in a few distinct touches like beet salad (yummy!), fried walleye cheeks and german pretzels, plus some standards like out-of-this world cheese curds, burgers, meatloaf and tasty sweet potato fries and you have the makings of a good local  eatery.SO while the food is good, the beer selection is spectacular. 18 Beers on tap from all over, many local, including New Belgium, Bells, Oso, Central Waters, Ale Asylum, New Glarus, just to name a few. many more available in bottles.Great party room upstairs. We have been going here for our FFL draft every year since it opened and I have attended graduation parties and other events there. Plus they have a balcony that looks out onto the neighborhood. Food was good too.Four Stars because as good as it is it is not spectacular and may be a little on the pricy side.
5	This place is great. Super friendly staff, lovely spaces, approachable food--the chef does experimental stuff and comfort food with equal aplomb. Solid tap beer selection, lots of locals mixed with interesting craft & imports. I was pleasantly surprised by the Monaco, a cocktail with balsamic reduction and sparking wine.
4	Do you like locally sourced foods (and let's be honest, if you're in Madison and reading Yelp I'm pretty sure I already know the answer to this question...)?Are you on a quest to eat all of Madison's best cheese curds? And by the way, if you just answered "No," you either need to update your bucket list or go see the doctor about options to treat lactose intolerance - perhaps both.Do you like extensive, rotating taps?Do you want to meet a beer sommelier who also offers "Beerology" classes and runs a beer blog?If you answered yes to any of the questions above, it's probably time to venture outside of the Isthmus to visit this surprisingly cool Middleton spot!
5	Craftsman is probably my favorite of the Food Fight restaurants. Delicious food, friendly and knowledgable staff, a nice atmosphere, and good prices.Some menu highlights for me would be the cheese curds (some of the best I've ever had), the brisket sandwich (flavorful, generous on the meat, and filling), and the smoked chicken and cheddar salad (probably the least healthy salad ever, but packed with delicious smoked cheddar, chicken, bacon and homemade buttermilk ranch).They have a great beer selection that changes often. I've discovered some fantastic beers there, with the help of their knowledgable staff.The upstairs party room seems like a great place to have a get together, and the outside patio is perfect for summer dinners.
5	Craftsman Table and Tap is set in a quaint little neighborhood in Middleton. You may be asking...is it worth the drive...yes it is. My husband and I attended an event there recently, we loved our experience. The staff went above and beyond to provide good service. They were knowledgeable about the menu and the food. We had an opportunity to meet one of the chefs. He had paired food and drink combos that went together very well; items I would have never thought of putting together. Two words...beet salad! Beet Salad served with a strawberry balsamic reduction over champaign...I could have stopped right there and been satisfied all night! Cheese curds... the best I've ever had...brisket...all worth trying. For an appetizer try the hummus platter. The hummus is creamy and paired with a great selection of sides. If the weather is nice, aim for sitting on the upstairs outside deck. You can even play life size Jenga up there. :) Overall, a fantastic experience! My husband and I will be on the look out for babysitters as to enjoy another night at the Craftsman Table and Tap.
4	I you're looking for a quaint yet lively suburban gem, look no further. Craftsman Tap and Table is  just the place to get your fill of traditional American fare. Do yourself a favor and order the cheese curds as they are definitely in my top five. Sit on the patio and enjoy one of there many drink choices: excellent wine selection, lots of ciders and always a great beer selection. If you're looking for the perfect suburban date night venue then look no further.
5	I can't express how happy I am that Craftsman is doing what they're doing. The location that once hosted Byrd's is a great building - it's so reassuring to see the food, service, and drinks live-up to the surroundings.I'll keep this quick:- Went for a special Saturday brunch; arrived around 2:00pm- Immediately seated; super friendly and knowledgable waitress promptly greeted us- Brunch menu was intriguing and innovative- Drinks were SPECTACULAR and well priced- Food was SUPERB - tasty, generous, perfectly seasoned, all locally sourced- The curds... WOW- Service remained EXCELLENT throughout the meal- Great value for the quality and execution of our mealI know a lot of folks have a beef against FF because they're "the man" and all of that. But, given what I've seen them do with Craftsman, I am a believer that they're doing beneficial things. We could've gone anywhere for brunch on Saturday, but we made the 15-mile drive (one way) just because we knew we'd have a great experience, and we absolutely did. I will continue to return to this location, even if it is "all the way on the other side of town."Keep up the GREAT work, Craftsman!
5	The weather was perfect for dining outside, so we did just that. At 11AM on a Sunday morning, the restaurant was sparsely occupied, and most of the other patrons at brunch were also seated outdoors.This was our second time at Craftsman in a week, so we were pretty familiar with the menu (a nice variety of bar foods). My friend ordered the Cuban Pork Sandwich with the hand-cut fries, while I got the Craftsman Burger and substituted the hand-cut fries for sweet potato fries. If you are in the market for some protein&carbs, you really can't go wrong with either. The Craftsman Burger was a basic bacon and cheese burger. I asked for it medium well, and it came out perfectly juicy - I think if I'd gone with medium it would have been a little too undercooked for my liking. I'm a huge fan of sharp cheddar, so I really appreciated that component of the burger as well. The Cuban Sandwich was delicious as well. They were certainly very generous with the meat and pickles, and I loved the combo of the hot/cold deli meats! :9 I must say that the Craftsman's Cuban is one of the best I've ever had. The sweet potato fries were another highlight of the meal. If you are already planning on taking the...less healthy route (fries instead of greens), you might as well substitute the regular fries (which looked like strips of fried potato skin) for a mound of sweet potato fries. You will regret it later when you need to loosen your belt by a couple of notches, but it's wellll worth it!              The portions were ridiculously huge and neither the sandwich nor the burger should have been consumed by any one individual, but we were famished so we had an excuse (yea right). A mid-day food coma courtesy of Craftsman was a great way to our Sunday afternoon. (:
3	So the good: Josh Ruffin is super fun to talk to - you know so many interesting things about beer! I've been reading some beer books and while they are fun and informative, you are more fun and more informative. So maybe write a beer book, m'kay?There are also beer classes which I haven't attended, but what a good idea.The outdoor spaces are excellent. What a lovely porch and rooftop terrace.The cheese curds are really good. (*Whispers*:  Maybe better than Graze).Now the "needs improvement": Your food could be better. The burger had essense of freezer and my risotto was announced as full of vegetables but was sadly not full of vegetables. Let's help keep healthcare costs down, m'kay? Give a girl a little kale.So the summary is that if you were downtown and I could walk to you, Craftsman, I would drink beer on your porch with the same enthusiasm that I do at the Terrace.But you are in Middleton, so if I'm going to go, the food better be good and it's not there yet, so you are going to be in trouble.
5	Great brunch!
3	Hubby and I went her for Date Night this past month.  It was a great night, weather-wise, so we sat outside.  It was a Sunday night and it was not very busy, so the service was attentive and friendly.  Hubby and I both ordered beers to start.  Unfortunately, they had run out of my first choice, so I had to find another.  We started with German style pretzels with two dipping sauces (beer cheese and a horseradish based sauce).  I was not a fan of the horseradish sauce because it was an overly horseradish taste.  Very strong flavor.  For dinner, I had the bacon burger with sweet potato fries and hubby got the brisket sandwich with fries.  I only ate about half of my burger.  The bun was pretty big/filling and the flavor of the burger itself was just okay in my opinion.  The brisket sandwich was good, but a little dry.  For dessert, we got the caramel pecan creme brulee, which was probably the best part of the meal.  I liked the flavor and thought it was cooked perfectly.  The price for everything was reasonable and the service throughout the night was great.  My biggest regret is not ordering the cheese curds because I've heard good things about those.
5	Modern pub with an excellent selection of beer and some great food choices. Seating choices include tables (indoors or out),. booths. and at the bar.I had the mushroom and beef stew, which tasted like it was cooked in wine. Excellent, and they give you a fork because it is so thick that a spoon is not needed,My wife had a wrap, which she said was excellent. Both of us were unable to finish our meals because portion size was generous.And probably because we started with their famous cheese curds. Excellent!You'll like it...
5	Great breakfast! Corned beef hash and yogurt are fantastic. Every plate we saw looked really good. Service was excellent. Steve took great care of us. I will definitely eat here again!!
3	Decent beer selection. Curds were good. Even really enjoyed the atmosphere and friendly staff. Was less than impressed with the mushroom burger. The seasoned mushrooms were so salty that it was hard to eat. I'd go back if in the neighborhood but not as a destination.
4	Oh my! We are visiting Madison for a family event and one evening my daughter returned home with a pulled pork sandwich and chicken wrap which were delicious!It was a quick take out and an even faster devouring of some really great food... Left us pining for more so now this place is on my prowl list...
5	I went with my friend the other day for lunch. The food was fantastic! The ambiance and the atmosphere was just perfect. Our server was great and the host seated us promptly. Highly recommend!! Can't wait to try their dinner menu!
2	Food was OK/Good but the service was terrible.  Fries came out cold but sandwiches were warm and goodWe were repeatedly ignored by multiple members of the wait staff.  There were open tables in sight so it was clearly not rush hour.  Our appetizers never came out so I cancelled them when our entrees came.  Waiter seemed be hiding from us as we could never find him to order drinks, appetizer, or ketchup.  I eventually walked to another section of the restaurant to find another waiter who happily and rapidly got us drinks and ketchup.  The two runners who brought us waters and our entrees said they would bring us drinks and appetizers, but were never seen from againI would never eat here again.
3	Upon walking in the place is gorgeous! Very clean and decorated nicely.  However, the multiple windows are somewhat of a down fall in late fall.  We froze the entire meal.  We ordered cheese curds and a few craft beers to start, which were great.  The cheese curds melted in my mouth, and were seasoned wonderfully.  That's about as good as the meal got.  I ordered the beat and goat cheese salad.  It arrived without dressing (I had to ask for some) and the beets were canned (not fresh) and not seasoned.  Also my salad came without bread which I thought was strange.  I also ordered their broccoli cheddar soup that had only broccoli flavoring and not a lick of seasoning.  :(. My husband ordered the Craftsman burger which he didn't finish because of the lack of flavor, a salad came with his that was also not dressed (had to ask Again for dressing).  Our waitress was overwhelmed and rushed.  Only briskly stopped by our table not giving my poor grandma enough time to order an appetizer.  :( She was also extremely hard to track down when we needed drink refills.  Overall, if you are looking for a nice meal and great service, there are far better establishments in the great city of Madison. If you're looking for a place to get a good beer and yummy cheese curds stop here, otherwise don't waste your time. The 3 stars are for the beer and cheese curds alone!
4	Great food and great service! Really enjoyed the New Years Eve dinner special and thought it was really reasonably priced for a three course meal and three beers to accompany each course. The reason I couldn't give five stars was because of the misquoted wait time and the inefficiency of the hostess. We called in when we left our home to get a wait time and put our names on the list and the time was 45 min. It took us twenty minutes to get there and after checking in it was another hour before we were seated. Fortunately, we were out on a date so the extra time waiting was just more time to share laughs and stories but I do believe there should be more of an effort to under promise on wait time and over deliver on the time you get seated. Once we were seated the rest of the night was above par and we will definitely be going back!
4	Fan with 4 stars.I've had several lunches here.  Staff is on cue, helpful and down right cheery.The soup and sandwich special is where it is for lunch. Last meal I had an amazing mushroom and ham sandwich with truffle oil.  Soup was tasty, hot and just the right amount.  While the food is always good, I haven't been blown away yet.  Still waiting...
4	My boss and I came here for an extremely quick lunch while we were in the area. I was excited because I have heard good things, and I was not disappointed. We arrived on a Friday around 3 p.m. The place was pretty empty, a few people were at the bar. We had an attentive waitress who was very nice. We both got a half sandwich half soup lunch combo with the portabella sandwich (their daily special) and the broccoli cheese soup. The sandwich was amazing--it was warm and full of flavor with brown bread. The soup was good, but a strange and almost gritty texture. I still liked it though.The decor here is very chic and very Middleton Hills. I like the Middleton Hills vibe, so this was a fun treat. I would love to come back for brunch or for dinner and drinks.
4	Nice hidden gem, local joint with character. All our entrees were good, fish and chips and cheese curds top notch. Good beer menu and nice wait staff, will try again if in Middleton
2	The fish fry I ordered was terrible, and not worth ordering ever again. I may go back there an try something else, because I liked the overall environment and beer choices.  I had to send my fish back because I felt it was undercooked. It was very dense, and not flaky at all. The breading was too crispy. The coleslaw was not very good either. Total dissapointment.r
4	This was my first experience at this place. As someone else mentioned, when you first walk in, this place is very "classy" and looks like a higher end restaurant and bar. My friends and I just went to get a quick drink at the bar before we had to be somewhere. For a Thursday evening, the place was crowded. We barely found a spot at the bar, but eventually, we were able to get our drinks. I look forward to coming back and trying their food.
2	The only good thing about brunch today were the cheese curds. Our waiter was arrogant and didn't listen. We asked him 3 times for a glass of milk and asked him to hold the chocolate sauce on chocolate chip pancakes. He held the chocolate chips. He was so slow too. Not a pleasant person. The pancakes were over cooked. McDonalds does better. The place was not busy and I can see why. Unless they overhaul their service, I'm done going there (and learn how to cook a pancake).
5	Normally would be a 4* but because of lower ratings want to drive the average up some.  Pesto is amazing and really good beer on tap. Served by knowledgable bartenders.
4	We just had a really nice experience here with our two little ones.  I had the fish and chips... really liked the fish because it was nicely cooked and not too greasy.  The fries were yummy, but a little heavy on the salt.  I actually even liked the cole slaw and I don't usually eat that.  My husband had the steak special and thought it was "good".  Our little girls shared a grilled cheese and that was standard.  Overall, the service was excellent, the food was solid, and we were in and out quickly which is key for us.  Oh, and they have a great beer selection!
3	I really wanted to love this place. We stopped in on a Thursday for our first try of this promising restaurant and were wowed by the decor. The restaurant was pretty full and we were excited to try out the menu. We were there around 6:30pm and the menu states that Happy Hour goes from 4-7--yippee!  Alas, our waitress told us that the menu was old and that happy hour only goes until 6 now. Ok. Well, water for us. :(We decided to go forward and try the German soft pretzels and cheese curds. The cheese curds were very good with a light tasty coating. The soft pretzels had very little flavor. They were saved by a tasty beer cheese sauce that was offered as a side. We then chose to order a Craftsman Burger with the sweet potato fries. The burger was ok. Not great. Not awful. Better burger is found at Hubbard Avenue Diner. The sweet potato fries were very fresh, but sadly lacked seasoning. So disappointing. We cut our loses at that point and didn't stay for dessert. We won't be back. There are plenty of better restaurants in the area.
3	This place is like a 3.5.The atmosphere is nice.  The menu has a wide variety of food choices. The prices were reasonable.  The food was solid, but nothing spectacular.  I would try this place again.  I think it has 4 star potential, so I'd like to try some more menu items.
4	Compared to anything else with in walking distance Craftsman has the best beer selection. The overall food selection isn't bad. I've had the Ba Minh. a daily special, and the burger which were all well executed. I did the seasonal Risotto once with steak and I wasn't as impressed. Risotto didn't have a ton of flavor from the vegetables and the steak was under seasoned. The cheese curds are great. My biggest complaint is the music. It's an horrible mix of 90s and some 2000s pop hits. I'd honestly have 2 or 3 more beers but the music is that bad.
1	Our first visit was on a Saturday night. The joint was jumpin', service was friendly and efficient, food was very nice. I had the bleu cheeseburger with the side greens. It was delicious. Two others in our party had salmon, I believe. They loved it. The fourth member of our party had the pork chop. I remember him really liking it.Second visit was a Monday night a few weeks later. It was two of us just looking for a nice meal in the neighborhood after a lo g day. The World Cup soccer games were on. LOUD. We couldn't hear each other across the table. It took a good 5 minutes before anyone took our drink order. The restaurant was largely empty. At that point, we should have left but we liked the place before and it had been a long day.I ordered the green pea curry. It was described as "vegetables of the season" and cashews, as well as the peas. It comes with a side of housemade naan and rice. $13.95. What actually appeared: a bowl of thick pea soup flavored with curry and maybe 6 snap peas stirred into it. There couldn't have been a Tablespoon of cashews in it. As for vegetables of the season - that was half a mushroom. The rice was dry and the naan was as stale as a crouton.I will not be back.
2	The restaurant is trying hard but seems to be encountering a bit of issues on several critical areas that are just killing them - the bar tendering and the kitchen help. The drinks were painfully slow in arriving and all the waitress could tell us that the bartender is behind. The appetizer and dinner arrival was much the same in terms of slow arrivals. To make matters worse the wife's dinner order was not submitted. They gave us a freebee but all the wife had mentioned was how hungry she quite a while prior to arrival. I wish them well - great beer selection but food and drink issues at a restaurant are killers and we're not the only ones with this feeling tonight.
2	Popular neighborhood place. Had dinner there today. We got there before six but the place was already crowded. Got a table outside and waited patiently as we knew service would be slow. And it was very slow. Drinks came, mine tasted like dish soup, but cheese curds were great as always, but very small for $8. Ordered perch special. Arrived in a hard crust twice as thick as the fish, but eatable. The coleslaw on the other hand, was of a funny tan color. Should have avoided it, but took a bite of it and had to spit it out as it tasted rotten sour. Don't know how they manage to serve bad coleslaw as the place seemed to be doing large volume. For the price, there are much better places in town. Won't be going back again anytime soon, at least until I see some improvement in reviews.
5	Had the mushroom and Swiss burger today and fries, the wife had the Tuscan chicken sandwich. Both were excellent, I really like their food we have been there for lunch often and have always had quick polite service and excellent food. Great beer selection as well.
4	Been here 2 times and I must say love the atmosphere, not many place that aren't downtown near state street give off this vibe. Ive had the hummus platter which was huge (meant to be an app but i wanted something light) made for great leftovers though. Last visit I had the brisket sandwich, BEST I have ever had, the juices and cheese they used were so yummy. My boyfriend got a salad both times nothing special or out of the ordinary, wasn't a big fan of the soup both times we got it and the drinks are on the pricey-er side but that wasn't a problem for us. The outdoor seating is an awesome feature too!
4	Oh Craftsman, I have begged, begged, begged to come to your restaurant since tasting your foods at my daughter's home in Madison.Last Sunday after I flew in from Los Angeles it did not take my kids too many guesses as to where we should eat.I shared a mushroom burger and a vegetarian sandwich with my daughter, halfsies.  Delicious! The sweet potato fries were among the best.We had some of those Crispin (blackberry I think) hard ciders and whoa! Just great!Sitting outside on the patio and enjoying the super friendly helpful staff was a treat.Going home entirely crashing from the goodness and napping was the only way to go...Back Soon!!
4	I have been to the Craftsman Table and Tap twice, and both have been very good experiences.  To begin...let's discuss the cheese curds.  I'm wee bit obsessed with cheese curds. I'm making it my mission to try every curd in town.  The curds at Craftsman are one of a kind.  They have some kind of crazy crispy breading that is like none other.  My first bite I was unsure of them. The second bite I was intrigued. The third bite I was excited...they are good. Different, but really good.  Of course I had to take a picture or two of the bucket of curds spilling out onto the plate...like every other person who goes there.  They also have an excellent beer selection, and I appreciated the server's beer suggestion!The first time I ate there, I ate off the lunch menu, which doesn't have a ton of vegetarian options. I chose the Falafel Pita. I like falafel...but I don't eat it very often, so my standards are probably not all that high.  Personally, I thought it was good with nice fresh vegetables and a good soft pita.  And...it was pretty, which is obviously very important. ;) The second time I chose the quiche of the day which included fresh green beans and tomatoes. This was maybe the third time in my life that I'd ever eaten quiche. I can't say I'm really a quiche fan...but I was trying to be adventurous and try something new.  I don't know that I'd order it again, but that's more my fault than the restaurants. I'm sure to all the quiche lovers out there it would be delectable!Both times I ate outdoors. The seating area is nice, save the crazy loud trucks going by all the time.  Both times we had friendly, helpful servers. I am excited to go back and try out some more of their vegetarian menu options!
4	Excellent cheese curds- almost at the level to compete with Old Fashioned ;) tuna melts, burgers and salads are never disappointing and I leave with a satisfied tummy and leftovers. Ambience is nice and laid back. There are outdoor and rooftop seating. Service is usually good
4	I've now been to Craftsman twice - once for dine-in brunch and once to pick up dinner to go. Both experiences were wonderful. For brunch service was quick and quiet with a friendly waiter. I had the morning bun french toast and it was perfect for my sweet-leaning breakfast preferences. The caramelized sugar in the bun was delicious, and the rich custard sauce cut the sweetness (but made for an incredibly indulgent dish). When I went for takeout the other night the bartender who took my order over the phone was funny and accommodating, and the coordination with the kitchen was excellent - I had given him my expected arrival time and they literally delivered my box to the bar as I was walking in the door. I had gone for the brisket melt with fries and I couldn't have been happier. As a barbecue fan, for me the meat was more reminiscent of pot roast than what I generally think of for brisket, but it hit the spot all the same. The cheese had melted into the meat and the caramelized onions rounded out the flavor. The fries were browned and flavorful, and surprisingly held up despite getting a bit steamed in the to-go container on my drive home from Craftsman. In addition to the food, the restaurant hits a nice note with its design - it's on Frank Lloyd Wright Avenue and the designers clearly pulled their inspiration from the road's namesake.
4	A little off the beaten path, this pub is a lovely hidden gem. The cheese curds are AWESOME. My faves come from the Great Dane and Old Fashioned, but these are a very close second! Seating is a little hit and miss. Sometimes you can get seated right away, and sometimes there is an hour wait. There seems to be no rhyme nor reason to this. Of course it's packed on game days, but now and again it's randomly hopping! Their fries are delightful, with a hint of parm and garlic, and their ranch dressing is delicious. It's definitely "just a pub", there's no secret pull or anything amazingly different, but it's the feeling like you can just relax after a busy day -- no bells and whistles, no frou-frou drinks -- that's what I really like about it. Fantastic place to chill out.
5	Went with my parents last weekend. We requested to sit at the bar for a whole before we were seated. The bar staff was very attentive with drinks and refills. My mom was excited that they had her favorite, Capital Supper Club. We enjoyed the famous cheese curds. My mom and I loved them, but my dad did think they were salty for his taste. We were then seated at our table and our server was pleased to see we already had drinks and appetizers taken care of. The restaurant was very busy as it there was a football that day. I ordered the grilled salmon with mashed potatoes and roasted brussels sprouts. Everything was so delicious. My dad enjoyed his burger, but again found the fries too salty. I tried some of his fries and he was right. My mom enjoyed everything on her plate. The server was clearly new, and like I said earlier, it was busy, so service was a bit slow. The quality of food definitely made up for it though, at least in my book.
3	When I am in Wisconsin to attend Epic classes, I typically stay in downtown Madison where I have access to great food! This time, I was stuck in Middleton without a car so I was limited to the hotel's shuttle where they will only drive guests within a 5 mile radius. The front desk recommended this place for people looking to eat at a local Wisconsin restaurant. The front desk also recommended their cheese curds, which I am a huge fan of!! As my group of 4 arrived, we were greeted by a very friendly host. The place was packed, but there was no wait time to be seated. It is located in what looked like a dead plaza. I ordered their Car Valley Cheese Curds, Steak Oscar, and washed it all down with a nice bottle of Sprechier gourmet root beer. The Car Valley Cheese Curds is deep fried with a coat of beer batter. It was amazing! The batter was very crispy and the cheese was gooey. I really enjoyed them with a side of ranch. However, I do believe that the Old Fashioned had better cheese curds. The Steak Oscar was a miss. My entire table ordered this dish and we were not happy. My dish particularly came out warm and overcooked. I asked my steak to be medium-well, but it came out more well done. Also, the steak potatoes fries were all burnt! I couldn't eat them at all cause they were hard. The Sprechier root beer is also recommended. It was sweet and creamy...but not thick. The staff members were all very nice and took the time to answer any questions. My group shared the cheese curds and we each needed separate itemized receipts. Instead of charging one of us for the cheese curds, she automatically split the price and added 25% of the cost for each of us. How nice is that! She did that without us having to ask for it. That's forward thinking there and I wish other restaurants would do that too. The entire restaurant itself was very nice. Once you walk in, you can tell that it has a nice bar and decorated to celebrate their football team! When I return to Madison, I don't think I'd return to this place. If I am in the area, then I would only have their appetizers and drinks.
5	In the top tier of brunch options in Madison. Some of the highest quality food options around, and restaurant is also well designed.  Many tvs available as well. Very strong brunch menu, and they have multiple scramblers and Benedict variations that may be the best in town. Highly recommend a visit for brunch.
3	This place has a nice layout, beautiful outdoor seating and calm inside.  Not too loud atmosphere.  Cool music too!
5	This place was amazing in every way possible. It had a great vibe. I've been their twice, had two different waiters and two different bartenders. Each one of them was great at their job. The beer selection is amazing also. On tap, they have some popular breweries, but they have brews that are a bit rare or very small batch productions. Cheese curds- AmazingSweet Potato Fries- AmazingBacon Cheese Burger - AmazingPulled Brisket - AmazingWas in town for 3 days and I went here twice, if that tells you anything!
4	It was decent. There was a large group of us. Our waiter was friendly. I had a brisket sandwich that was good. Everyone else liked their dish. My MIL felt her food was salty. Issue, everyone who ordered fries had cold fries come out. We told our waiter, we got fresh hot fries, and s couple of desserts were comped! Our server kept apologizing, but t it wasn't his fault!I also like the beer and spirits menu. I'd go back! Oh, also, I liked the atmosphere. Casual, trendy, fun.
4	We went in for dinner on a Friday night. They don't take reservations but they have an upstairs lounge with drinks and apps to sit in while you wait for a table. We didn't have to wait too terribly long. We didn't get drinks but just ate dinner. The burgers were fantastic and the fried perch was very good as well. Service was attentive and friendly and the prices are reasonable. They get a slight mark down for the lack of entree options in the upstairs lounge but overall very pleased. We will likely be back!
4	Deeeelicious!First, the upstairs is a pretty cool area to sit and wait for a table. When we arrived we realized we forgot to make reservations (sigh) and were forced to wait around for an hour. But luckily they have a bar and seating area upstairs where you can order drinks and appetizers while you wait! I had wine, my boyfriend had beer and we of course ordered some cheese curds. They are so good, some of the best in Madison! Perfectly seasoned and still gooey inside.When we were finally seated, I wasn't as hungry as I thought I'd be (probably from eating almost all of the curds) so I ordered a soup and salad combo. You get a lot of food for a cheap price ($6.99). The soup was a creamy tomato soup and the salad is a simple tossed salad with lots of feta. Both were yummy, I really enjoyed the soup though and I could have eaten an entire bowl of it. My boyfriend had the Craftsman burger and really enjoyed it. Service was great, too.We will be back, next time with reservations!
3	First the good: cute interior, great low lighting. My party all thought the cheese curds here were the best we had in Madison and we went to many places and had them (including the tourist trap The Old Fashioned. Just don't.). These curds were fried in a very light batter that elevated them. The pretzels are also delicious. Last, they offer many unique local beers and wine.Now for the bad: everything else. No joke. Supposedly their prime rib sandwich is their house specialty so three of us ordered it. It was bone dry... Inedible. They do not serve it with au jus but this sandwich is screaming for it. It is a terrible entree. None of us ate beyond two bites. Even the waitress seemed embarrassed about the poor quality. The other person with us ordered salmon cakes and sweet potato fries. She too found it disgusting in both texture and flavor.In summary, this is a great choice for drinks and appetizers but I recommend going elsewhere for dinner.
5	I'm kind of surprised that, after many visits to Craftsman Table & Tap, I haven't written a review until now.  I've been a fan since they opened - how could I not be a fan with their impressive tap list - and they've also been the starting point & destination of our cycling club's Tuesday night rides.  First, let's talk taps.  Over 20 beers between the downstairs and upstairs bars, with a lot of rotation, but some that will make their home for a while.  I've *really* liked this aspect of their beer menu - it's great to have a choice of something new or an old favorite.  Wisconsin and other great Midwest brews are well represented (Toppling Goliath was very present this summer), but they bring in great beers from all over, including imports.  Lagunitas Undercover Investigation Shutdown Ale and I became very good friends this year!  They're also doing a lot of cool tap takeovers (folks from a featured brewery come in and "take over" all or many of the taps for a night.  Great chance to try some rare or limited release beers) and beer dinners.  The food, I'd call it gastropub fare (not sure if that narrows things down much...) is delicious and the variety runs from casual (it's a great place for a burger and fries) to more upscale, dinner-date type of items.  One of my very favorite meals in Madison is their pulled pork bahn mi sandwich, served with either fries or greens, depending on your mood.  Like the beer list, there are staples, and rotating dishes.  Craftsman's cheese curds deserve special mention, and are on my (and many of my friends') short lists of best curds in town.  I'm too noncommittal to name a single favorite of anything, but these very well may own that slot for me when it comes to cheese curds.The staff and service are excellent and the servers & bar staff really add to the fun of a visit.  The one time we had an issue (just kind of a Murphy's Law of restaurants thing), I brought it up and they were super responsive - truly one of those cases where I was more impressed with them than if there hadn't been an issue at all.  Tip:  Go on a Sunday afternoon.  The Packers will be on, and they have Beer-o Bingo!  This is as much or more fun than it sounds, and you may walk away with a coupon for an order of curds and a token for a draft beer or a Bloody Mary!
4	This isn't my favorite place, but I eat here often because it is really good for lunch. They do everything well but nothing great from what I can tell. More of a place to be seen but offer strong food options.
4	The cheese curds are  amazing. I've had many cheese curds, and these are, without question, the best. The beer selection is good, and the staff is friendly and outgoing. The fish and chips were decent. Haddock is an odd choice for being surrounded with lakes and such a Wisconsin-centric specialty. Alone, the curds and beer are easily 5 stars, but the main meal was only above average.
