4	After being dissatisfied by my GP's diagnosis, I decided to take matters into my own hands, and head to a specialist. My insurance's provider directory led me to Dr. Isabel Feinstein. I really just picked blindly, but ended up lucking out. On my appointment day, I had a very short wait, before Dr. Feinstein strode into the waiting room to meet me.I hate to use the term "spunky," but that she was. She was a bit short, and had kind of crazy salt and pepper hair, tiny, old-fashioned tortoiseshell glass, and insisted that I call her "Izzy."Now, I've never been to an ENT before. In the exam room was a big, scary looking machine, armed with all sorts of wands, probes, lights, and brushes. I was not feeling secure about this whole thing.However, Izzy put me at ease, asked me lots of questions about why I was there, and my history. Even having those wands and lights jammed down my throat and up my nose wasn't all that bad. It wasn't exactly a day at the spa. But it wasn't horrible.I'm only withholding a star because I'm not 100% satisfied with my answer. But apparently less care is actually better for you, the studies say. That fact doesn't quell my anxiety levels, however.
5	All in all it's great.My toddler was just over the age of 1 when she had her 1st set of ear tubes for chronic ear infections.  Tubes fell out and at the age of 2 she went back for a 2nd set, had her adenoids removed and tonsils.  Her tonsil surgery was performed at Phoenix Children's Hospital but all of our appointments have been here with Scott Schraff.  His bedside manners are not always there, (like he has a million things on his plate)...but all in all our care and dealings with the staff, doctors and scheduling of appointments has been great.  My toddler healed QUICK with no issues what-so-ever even after ALL the horrid stories I've read online about toddler and tonsil surgery.Schraff specializes in Pediatric ENT care - I would recommend him.
1	After dealing with a two week long migraine and severe pressure and pain in my face, I called around looking for an ENT that could get me in ASAP. Dr. Simms was available for a same day appointment and I scheduled with him for that afternoon. The wait time itself wasn't bad - 10-15 minutes after completing paperwork. Dr. Simms was personable enough and after evaluating me, told me that he would like to treat for a sinus infection with antibiotics and prednisone. As I had just moved and newly became a student, I didn't yet have health insurance set up. Dr. Simms told me to give him a call the following week if the symptoms didn't subside after I was done with the meds, and he would prescribe an alternate antibiotic.I ended up going to a dental Urgent Care two days later on a Saturday because I woke up with immense pain and pressure in my tooth. An x-ray confirmed a sinus infection and I was told to follow up with my ENT on Monday. I called Monday morning and left a message for Dr. Simms. I called Tuesday and left another message since no one had called me back and I was in pain. Tuesday night, Dr. Simms' medical assistant called me back and told me that I had to come in to get a CT scan. I inquired about getting an additional rx for antibiotics as well as asked to discuss this with Dr. Simms directly. That request was ignored and I was told that she would attempt to book me for a CT scan and call back.Two days later, I hadn't heard back and I called to leave another message. I was told that the medical assistant I spoke with no longer works there, so the receptionist or nurse had no idea what I was talking about. She told me she took down the message and I would get a call back. I stopped by the office later that day to drop off a copy of my x-ray and asked if Dr. Simms was in and if I could chat with him for a moment. I was told he was seeing patients and couldn't talk to me. Understandable, however I was willing to wait to get a word in with him. I was told again he wasn't available. When I explained the situation and that I had been struggling with this for three weeks and haven't been able to get a hold of him for a week at this point, the nurse/receptionist just shrugged.  I asked her to please have him call me specifically as I wanted to talk to my doctor directly. She told me someone would call me later. When I again insisted on a call from him specifically, she rudely told me again that "*someone* will call". I took my x-ray, booked an appt at a different office and left. I've never experienced such cold and indifferent treatment at a doctor's office. Who wants to be treated by a doctor who doesn't return calls and whose front office staff is rude and uncaring both in person and on the phone? If you want someone reliable who will make you feel like you are a valued patient, go elsewhere!!!
