4	This Gamestop is nicely stocked and it is very clean.  When I checked in here, I was picking up a copy of 007: Blood Stone.  It is currently on sale NEW for $9.99.  A fantastic price!  Here's the catch.  I tried their "Pick-Up In Store" service, in which you pick out the game online, you enter either your Rewards Card Number (which I have), or you enter your Credit Card number, just to make sure that you aren't making a bogus claim.  Then you can go ahead and pick it up right away in store.BUT.  They gave me a USED copy of the game, and wanted to charge me $22.95!  Are you kidding?!  I just saw the ad online, and I reserved a NEW copy for $9.99.  The last thing I want is a colossal mix-up... I don't know how they could have messed this up.  This place would have gotten a 5 star rating, but with the colossal mess up with the pickup, I will only give them 4.
5	Modern Warfair 3 Launch... they took care of everyone in line and there were 600 people there. Kudos GameStop. Kudos.And there was this awesome guy named Brett, I'm pretty sure? He was really helpful and friendly.5 stars.
5	This Brett guy won't stop knocking the ball out of the park. He was super friendly, and super helpful.He helped me pick out a new video game for my nephew, I'll be back again for sure...
4	Friendly service, close to ASU campus and good selection of used games. I recently went for the Call of Duty Black Ops 2 midnight release and they did a pretty good job keeping the mob in check.
4	Most family and friends know I am a game nerd, that's right I play video games, I'm not ashamed, but I live a busy life so getting some good time in with Xbox isn't always there, so when I get a new game you best believe I go all HAM on it and play for hours, yes hours,  some conversations in the house are Mom can you take me to blah blahs house, no Eric I can't, can't you see I am being chased by the law and I need to assassinate the fool who is running from me , gawd learn to drive already, Truth right there! HahaChristmas came and went and lucky me I got a Game Stop gift card, and when I finally got some free time I went shopping!! The game I was after Assassin Creed 4, I needed to complete my collection, also picked up Saints Row (seeder than grand theft auto) and the Sims 3 (hey don't laugh) I did see that they had Alice, Return to Madness which I will be going back for, also might be picking up a Wii to bust out with some Mario Party haha or Zelda yea baby!  This Game Stop had everything thing I needed and plus some games I didn't know I wanted. There are plenty of new games along with preowned games. The Sims 3 game that I got was preowned, but my Xbox wasn't able to read the disk, I did take it back and got an exchange for another game without any issues.  You also can join the Game Stop reward program, and get some games at a cheaper price!
1	Need to update the GameStop website with current times.   Said sun was open from 10am to 7pm.  In actuality it's closed Sunday way to disappointment me.
4	I know nothing about video games nor do I particularly enjoy playing them.  But I am dragged in here on occasion so that my boyfriend can browse.  The place is always packed on weekends and it's a tiny store, so that can get annoying.  On the bright side, the employees seem really knowledgeable in games and are able to offer recommendations for games they think you'd enjoy based on other games you've previously played.  I'll probably be back here around the holidays to pick up some gifts and ask for their recommendations!
