5	The beau and I decided to run off and get hitched in Vegas.  Although I had never envisioned a guest list of 300 names, multiple dress changes, and demanding all my bridesmaids lose 15 pounds and whiten their teeth, I knew I had to have excellent photographs to remember my wedding day.We're from the East Coast, and had to rely on online reviews for the few elements of our wedding we did plan.  I found Deacon's reviews and checked out his website.  I thought his work was great, and immediately contacted him.  What we wanted was fairly simple - being just the two of us - so the details were taken care of in no time.  I called him a week before, because I had lost the scrap paper I had scribbled down our meeting location and time. Deacon was friendly and not at all perturbed by my panicked state.We met Deacon and Sarah by the Fitzgerald to get warmed up.  We had never been professionally photographed before, and wasn't sure what to expect.  Deacon and Sarah are so nice and relaxed that it took no time at all to get comfortable doing things (i.e. staring deeply into your lovers' eyes) that you might not normally want to do around other people.From there, we went up the street to the Neon Boneyard.  We only had an hour, but the flow of everything was amazing.  Deacon has a great eye for interesting, unique shots and was constantly inspired by the sunlight and wind that day.  (It was very windy and Sarah was a great sport for holding the umbrella light thing, almost being blown away several times Mary Poppins-style).After we were done with our pictures, Deacon let us know it would be a quick turnaround time.  Thinking to my other friends who have gotten married - I thought, Sure, I'll see the pictures in 6 weeks.  He was true to his word and we got our pictures back within a week!  (Disclaimer: I wouldn't expect things to be this fast - I think we lucked out and he didn't have any other weddings scheduled near ours).  The edited shots were incredible.  We sent them to our family and friends to say, Surprise!  We're Married!When we return to Vegas, we are planning on booking another shoot with him - a family portrait session perhaps :)
5	There are not enough stars for these guys! They more than exceeded our expectations. Living in the UK I arranged everything online which is nerve-wracking but as soon as we met them they put our minds at rest. We felt comfortable with them straight away, they are so friendly and we both instantly felt we had made a good choice. The photos are amazing but even before seeing them we were so impressed with them on the day as we're all our guests - they were so nice and so much fun - it was like having additional guests rather than suppliers which for a small wedding of only 20 was exactly what we needed! I was a little nervous when they arrived (of being a crying mess!) so I was quite quiet whilst getting ready which is not how I expected to be but they adjusted their fun big personalities and kept quite chilled and quiet themselves and just took photos from afar. The husband said he was also a bit nervous & couldn't even put his jacket on and they just joked with him & really lightened the mood so it shows they can judge a situation & know how to deal with it. The rest of the time they were really fun & commanded people without being bossy but at the same time got it all done quickly & efficiently. They helped us relax & have fun (the husband in particular hates having his pic taken but even he said it was fun which is a miracle coming from him). Personally I would have done a first look as we did want a lot of couple shots so had quite a bit of time away from our guests but he didn't want to see me before the wedding. They let us try out ideas - one of our guests brought us some beers for while we're were having photos so we asked to have a couple with them in, we also brought a couple of props (thankyou banner/postcards) and wanted to try some photos with sparklers which were amazing but also really really fun to do! Overall I can not recommend them enough! I don't know that our wedding would have been the same had we gone with a different photographer.
5	I highly recommend Deacon and F-Sequence Studio to anyone in the Vegas area looking for a fun, creative, and easy peasy photographer! He and Sarah, a wonderful make up artist, put together professional, tailor made sessions that don't disappoint. While working on the We're Alive photo shoot, I got to see them in action with the other actors as well as being in front of his lens myself. It's important to me that whoever I work with has just the right mix of humor, positive attitude, sound work ethic, and a keen eye. And that's what you get with F-Sequence.Thank you Deacon and Sarah for an awesome photo shoot!
5	Professional photos allow you to be taken seriously, even if your genre is comedy.  Deacon is an amazing, creative, dedicated and patient photographer.  He's your friend before you leave the studio.  Sarah is a fantastic make-up artist.  Her work is the key to a successful photo shoot. She knows what lighting and backdrops are going to be used and completes your make-up in a way that makes you look your absolute best.  Don't be a cheapskate and leave off her services. Photoshop cannot fix everything!  I received an incomparable portfolio to utilize on my website and in other promotional materials.  Deacon is now my official photographer and I will make the trip to Vegas from Virginia whenever I need more photos.  The ability to entrust my image to someone is priceless.  I totally trust Deacon and Sarah!
5	Superb photography studio! Their work is top notch, I highly recommend F-Sequence photography.
5	I had 6 month anniversary pictures done with Deacon as a special surprise with my girlfriend, and we couldn't be happier with the results! What started out as just a few shots together turned into almost two hours of pictures, laughing, and just generally having a great time. It felt like we were out with friends more than on a "photo shoot." Deacon and Sarah came prepared, took the time to consult with both of us when it came to the clothing choices we brought (we were coached ahead of time what to bring / what normally looks good on camera), and made the whole shoot super comfortable. The one thing I did like is that our pictures aren't the typical "lets hold hands" or "lets sit by a tree" kind of pictures. We shot against a grungy industrial alley, a graffiti wall, and on a busier street that had benches. It looked more like candid shots than your typical couples photos. At the end of the day, we didn't get pictures, but memories of us having a great time captured on film.
