1	Let's just say it's cheap for good reason.Walked in and the lobby floor was dirty, carpet in lobby hallway and other hallways had water spots and stains.  I was concerned when I checked in, but glad to see the room was in a little better shape.  The room was decent size and had a nice size desk with free wifi.  The bathroom walls were redone, but the shower tile definitely needs to be replaced.  it was separating and the grout was gross and black in places.  I'm not real familiar with the area and needed to be in this area for work.  After driving around and seeing a group of teens mingling, drinking, and smoking out by the pool, I was kinda concerned.  As a young female staying alone, I didn't exactly feel safe in the dark parking lot.To top it off there was a high pitched beeping that persisted for at least three hours.  I called housekeeping and they sent someone out, but they were useless.I'm supposed to be here two more nights, but will probably go some where else.
2	Now I must update and say that I went to the front desk with full intentions to check out and not complete my stay.  The manager suggested I move to the other side of the hotel that had be renovated and was no where near the noisy pool area.This made a tremendous difference.  The room was much better, however I still don't get why they re did the entire bathroom except for the shower tiles and fixtures.  They are just old and don't look good and it down grades the whole bathroom.I still would not recommend this hotel and would not stay again.  There are some many other choices. I'd simply pay a bit more and go there.  But this place did work and I was happier once I got a different room.
2	Rude.     That's the key word here.Went to check in, already had reservation.  Waited in line at 10:20pm for a long time while four other people checked in.  While I waited, the ONE person at the desk was on a personal call.Went to check out.  Another rude desk clerk said, without making eye contact or anything,  "Room number?"     I gave her the room number, she entered some items, printed out my receipt and said "There you go."       Nothing else, no thank you, no "how was your stay?"  nothing.Worse, I called to speak to a manager and left four managers over a two day period, never got a return call.  Finally filed a complaint with Choice Hotels (company that owns Comfort Inns) regarding this.  Hotel is individually owned, but complaint will still be processed by Choice Hotels.  There are a lot of hotels in this immediate area.  I know I'll find a nicer place next time I visit "America's Friendliest Town."
2	my bar for hotels is not set all that high. if there's a pool and jacuzzi for the kids, if the room's fairly large and reasonably tidy with clean towels and fresh sheets, if the roof doesn't leak and most of the light bulbs light, if there's plenty of hot water and decent pressure in the shower and the TV gets ESPN -- i'm good to stay. comfortable pillows (if we're driving we usually remember to bring our own) and WI-FI are always nice pluses. this place pretty much had all that covered but here's the rub ... i'm gonna break cherry here -- in one-hundred and nine YELP reviews, i don't think i've said one bad thing about a wait staff. i worked long enough in restaurants (and have read enough reviews) to believe that harsh words about servers almost always say less about the subject than the writer. however, my experience at the COMFORT INN was so extreme it's worth mentioning. the hostess at continental breakfast (which was pretty plush -- hard boiled eggs, a toaster with english muffins and bread, a waffle iron, apples and oranges, cereal, juice, milk and coffee) was nasty on a scale i have never experienced in my life. she had an eastern european accent (RUSSIAN, i would guess) and an awful attitude. she got in three separate screaming matches with guests while we were eating. later, in the pool i overheard other guests in equal amounts of hurt, anger and bewilderment (and a bit of wry amusement) talking about her. the next morning (we stayed two nights) i overheard two other groups of guests (our angry hostess was only there on sunday) reliving their unhappy experiences with her. when management reviewed her resume and saw she'd been the social director at some notoriously harsh GULAG, they probably should have realized she might not be a great fit in the hospitality industry. i know ARIZONA's supposed to have a tough immigration policy. well, i'm here to tell you they let one really hateful BITCH slipped through ...
4	Sadly, this was one of the nicest hotels we stayed in during our cross-country trip.  Quiet, cushy pillows, huge King-size, soft bed, WiFi, large room, and clean accommodations.  There was only one flaw - the pool chemicals were obviously off-balance and the pool was an algae-green tone.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/qWt3SFI5Eg5zX8QDprvgrw?select=KZQAQH_LuUDdqasrP2bslACheck-in was smooth and the front desk representative was polite.  Although this location is right off the freeway, we stayed on the pool/courtyard side and didn't hear any freeway noise at all.Their continental breakfast bar had a lot of options and luckily, we didn't have an attendant there during our breakfast.  (There were complaints about a nasty breakfast attendant in other reviews, but we didn't have any attendant at all.)  They also had a good tea selection that was rare in several other hotels.The weather was lovely and warm, and if we'd not been so exhausted, I would have been disappointed about the green pool.  But, I was more excited about the comfy bed and quiet location.  This was one of my best nights' sleep on the road.
2	Discomfort InnThe property is well kept, the landscaping is nice, the pool is sparkling clean, and so was the spa. The room and bathroom was also very clean and nice, and the free WiFi is a nice touch. However, I am giving it two stars because the management sees fit to turn up the thermostat for the hallways and elevator area, and it was a sweltering 94 degrees Fahrenheit in the hallway at midnight. It was actually hotter inside than it was outside, and somebody had propped the door to the parking lot with a large ashtray to let a breeze in, defeating the card authentication mechanism to get inside the property. I took a picture of the thermostat and posted it here. The elevator felt even hotter than that, but I can't prove it. I know energy is expensive, but you can't run a place like that.The people at the front desk apologized and said that many had complained and the issue had been raised before, but the hot hallways were management's policy and that unfortunately there was nothing they could do, adding that the policy "is killing the housekeeping staff."Again, the property is great, and it would be much more welcoming if the air conditioning was left on during the Phoenix summers.
4	I was very impressed by this visit.  We checked into our room and saw that it faced the highway and smelled funny, and right away were switched to another  (ask at check in that your room not face I-17)  The bed was very comfortable, wifi is free, room is spacious, and there is a complimentary breakfast.  Yes the place is older and in need of remodeling, but you are here to sleep so who cares.  I would stay again, certainly.
2	New Year's Eve major malfunction!!  I went to Phoenix to spend the holiday weekend with a friend. I checked in, the staff was very courteous, the room was nice and big, although in need of some updating. Well, everything was fine until we returned from the New Year's festivities. We arrived about 1:30 am, and my key didn't work. I went to the lobby, soon to discover that EVERYONE'S key did not work!! As you can imagine, we were all a little upset. The guy behind the counter was very nice, but could not offer anyone a acceptable reason. About an hour later, we were told that we would be put up for the night in the hotel next door at no cost. That was ok for me, as I didn't need any of my belongings that night. Some people had medications in their rooms, and one lady even had her dog locked in the room, there was also a group who went to the jacuzzi and were stranded without a change of dry clothes!!!! We went to the other hotel, and were taken care of, and finally got to bed about 4am. Went back the following day, they still were having problems with the locks, an hour later everything was fixed. Also the TV only got 3 channels and the shower had no pressure. I'm going to think twice before I stay here again.
5	This place was great.  We stayed 8 days and we got what we paid for and more.The food and bar was great!
1	Booked this hotel because of a local softball tournament and the price seemed pretty good, but I should have known better.  You get what you pay for.  Our first night of three we were put in a room that had a loud air conditioning drip, the kind that gets louder and louder when you try to sleep! We drove from San Diego so we were too tired to complain.  The second night it got worse, so we did complain and they moved us to another room where they used industrial strength Febreze to cover the dirty smell of the room and it smelled like a cheap men's cologne - drenched on everything. So, after a sneezing attack and asthma onset, we moved to another room that was ten times worse.  If you have any allergies, ask them not to spray this chemical in your room.  Finally, after sitting in the lobby with all our luggage for an hour they gave us a "clean" room without all the chemicals.  But, the bathroom was lacking one important amenity, no light fixtures above the sink.  Only a heat lamp over the toilet.  So, if you don't mind  not seeing yourself while shaving or putting on makeup, its an average room to say the least.  Good luck!
5	This was a last minute decision to stay here. I got a great deal online and it was conveniently located. The room was nice and clean. Kimberley at the front desk was awesome - what a riot.
2	Over priced. Hot tub was broke. Showers was cold. I would not stay here again
1	Don't waste your time on this dump! Not only are the rooms gross, the staff is extremely rude. I myself am not in the hospitality business, but why would the front desk clerk tell us that the room was really dirty and thats why it wasn't ready in time. Check in time was 3pm according to the email confirmation we received. when we arrived at 3, we were told check in time was around 3. This place sucks!!
5	For 55 plus tax ( or only 50 on hotels.com) this place is a steal.  Nice desk , flat screen tv, king bed.   And they have an exercise room with weight machine, free weights, elliptical, and treadmill.  No fridge, no microwave but otherwise it's like holiday inn at half the price!
1	Stayed here for Spring Training and will never stay at a Comfort Inn...ever.  The hotel was so dirty.  The carpet in the hallway looked like it hasn't been vacuumed or shampooed in years.  The walkways outside looked like they haven't been power washed in ages.  Ice makers were literally held together by electrical tape and not functioning.  The bathrooms were disgusting.  Floors were sticky.  The location is convenient but do yourself a favor and stay at the Motel 6 next door that looked renovated.
3	The hotel is ok, we stayed here while visiting the Wet and Wild water park,  Staff- very helpful except Mr. front desk rude guy our dogs were barking alittle (because of outside noise ) he said "when you leave take your dos with you they bark ?? WTHeck? there dogs hello... if I need to bring them with me why did I pay extra for them ?anyways moving on.Room- Nice and clean except for our carpet stains everywhere ( maybe it was a pet friendly room)Hotel property- Its summer and the pool didn't work ? it was green other then that hotel was nice and clean, Morning breakfast was nice hot and cold items.All in All nice comfy stay
1	Bought reservation online. Upon arrival there was no running water and a green pool. Front desk, guy and women were not helpful or friendly. Owner, aka Manager was never on site. Had no choice but to stay here.Do not stay here, there are so many nicer hotels that will treat you better with cleaner rooms and a pool that  you can actually swim in. I turned them in to the City for having a green pool. That's what they get. You should have a clean pool next week if u stay at this dump, because they will be forced to clean it up.
2	The bed is sunk in, the room smells, it's really just not all that clean. We only stayed here cause it's pet friendly and we have our two small dogs.
2	Yikes!  Dirty outside and in.  My first room had a broken AC, my second room had a torn screen and the window looked like a dog had "snarked" all over it.  No remote for the TV and the elevator was filthy.  So I took the stairs.  What awaited me there was cigarette butts , food, crushed cans and plastic silverware all the way down.  Upon my arrival at the bottom was an overfull trash can with food spilling out.  My suggestion, there are many other hotels in the immediate area, stay at one of them.
1	such a bad experience here, smelly stinky carpets, toilets broken, light bulbs burnt out, staff does not answer phone or respond to requests, no breakfast avail cause the staff did not show up, worst thing was we left a cell phone in the room and when we called an hour later, the cleaning staff stole it and told us nothing was found! I called the manager 5K, tried to get the GM on the phone, no response and they basically said just report it lost to your insurance.. but it was not lost they stole it. bad experience here!!
1	Don't stay here. Our shower in our room had mold all over the ceiling. They couldnt put me in a new room or even lower my bill.  Hotels in the area were all booked so I couldnt go anywhere else. Carpets were stained bad. Some lights worked in the room. The ac wall unit was falling apart. Worst hotel to stay at.
3	This rating is about the facility only.   While it appears to be clean, the place is so dark in the public areas.  While I understand that electricity does cost money,  if the lighting was a lot better, I'm sure better lighting would make the property much more inviting with little effect on the bottom line.   It might even improve their financial picture.
4	I am writing this review in the midst of a five night stay. It's a bit of a puzzling hotel. It looks like it was built in ritzier times with higher hopes that it currently has. As others have noted, in places it's a bit dark and dingy. But I have read every yelp review to date and would say that my experience has been better than most. Mind you, we had just escaped a One star competitor ("We'll leave the light on...") a few miles south that was truly a horrible hotel (we have a puppy with us and are on a budget so our choices are limited). For $10 LESS per night (Priceline) at Comfort Inn we got a very clean, comfortable, large, attractive and well appointed room that has been thoroughly updated (except for the well-worn carpet), free breakfast, free Wi-Fi, etc. So based on that alone, we are thrilled. Currently there is no bar or restaurant so that's a small disappointment. And breakfast I have to say is a bit blah (though if you like waffles and link sausages, this is your place), but it's free, so take my comments with a grain of salt. We'll consider other options when we return to Phoenix, but will still happily stay here for the same price.
1	I went to comfort hotel,  and they give me room number 177 and it has bed bugs!!!! And it Bite us....and I do have the pics for it! that's so terrible!!
