1	Making an appointment was a breeze.  Getting them to show up was not.  Twenty-five minutes past my appointment time, I called to be told the groomer would call me back.  Ten minutes after that, the groomer said she was 15 minutes away.  I thanked them for their time and called my regular groomer.
1	This place is supposed to come every 6 weeks to groom my dog.  Since April, they have shown up twice.  There was no explanation for the lapses.  Additionally, every time the groomer came, she was late for the appointment.  They charged $75 for my lab/chow mix.  A local grooming shop I found is great and only charged $45 for a better job.
1	I used "You Dirty Dog" for about a year.  While there were some great groomers, the way they ran their business wasn't good.  The way they booked appointments caused the groomers to be consistently late.  The final straw was an appointment where the groomer was 2+ hrs late, groomed only 1 1/2 (don't ask) of my 3 dogs and then the owner never bothered to return numerous emails or phone calls to reschedule.  I was FURIOUS!I have since moved on to "Doggy a Go Go" and am thrilled with their service and groomers!!  Check 'em out!
3	Okay so there were not enough reviews here to stop me from giving this place a try. After one appointment I'm definitely going to give them another chance to make sure they are consistent. I made an appointment and the groomers were 10 minutes late but it was not a problem for me since they did call and give me a heads up. My biggest fear was them being friendly and giving me a sense of security that my 2 pekingese babies were safe and that they understood how I wanted them groomed. The groomers were very nice and did a great job cutting our dogs to the specifications that we gave them. The truck appeared clean inside and I was satisfied with the money spent.  I would definitely tell you to give them a try if you are new to the area and need of a new groomer.
1	Used this service a few times and it was fine, however at the most recent appointment I made, the staff showed up 2 hours late to the scheduled appointment and as they began grooming my cat, who has been groomed over 15 times in his life, they brought him back half done and hidious looking telling me he was fractous and needed to be sedated by a vet for grooming! He is not an agressive cat! Upon inspection, there was a 2cm gash in my cat's side. I took him back to Kay, my long time groomer at SW Animal Hospital on the other side of the valley and she finished grooming him with NO PROBLEM and NO SEDATION. This dirty dog staff was obviously rushing becuase they were so behind, cut my cat with their clippers and just didn't want to do their jobs that day so they tried to call him aggressive. I will not be reccomending them to anyone ever again. The owner had no response to the irresponsible behavior of her staff and this is not good customer service. Therefore, I will be informing all about my experience.
1	DO NOT USE THESE GUYS! We specifically called and asked them if they were familiar with grooming Shelties and Chinese crested and they said "Oh yah we do them all the time" We after showing up late they shaved the sheltie right down and just left her collar and I can't even describe what they did other than a complete hack job. We called Kim and complained and she seemed uninterested and unapologetic. She said that she would send out a different person to "fix things" only to have that person call at the time of the appointment and say that they had 2 other appointments ahead and had to cancel on us. What a joke! We have demanded and are still waiting to be refunded. Do yourself a favor and stay away. Go with someone more professional who knows what they are doing. The woman who's company this is isn't even a groomer so what does that tell you.
5	My friend posted a pic on FaceBook today of the You Dirty Dog van at her house, soI I decided to give them a try.  She was pleased with her pup's cut, so I felt comfortable trying them out.  The appt setting went fine and I asked them to call if they could squeeze us in any earlier than our set time.  They did and the groomer arrived on time.  He groomed our yorkiepoo and maltipoo in about an hour and they look great!!  Our yorkiepoo usually fusses and barks during grooming, but didn't with this groomer.  Overall, I give this company (and the groomer) a huge thumbs up and plan to call them again.  For nearly the same price as the large retail chain groomers, this company and their service was completely worth it.  We intend to spread the word!!
1	0 stars.  Too many choice out there to receive bad service while paying to do business.
2	The first and second time I used this service to get my dogs groomed was great. The groomers were late, but I had no plans so I didn't mind. I even recommended them to some of my friends. Booking the appointment was a little bit difficult since more often than not, my call would not get returned. The young brunette lady did a great job. She was able to get mattes out of my poodle/shihtzu that ALL groomers have told me would be impossible. Because of this lady, I am giving the second star. Now, the third time, an African-American lady (also late) collected my dogs and I was told that my dog's fur would not be able to be combed out so she recommended a "lamb" cut which I absolutely loved on my dog. She told me she had accidentally clipped his ear and that she had put some ointment on it. Ok, accidents happen and she was good enough to let me know. 4th time, I received a call to let me know they would be late. Upon their arrival, I asked for the "lamb" cut again. Both dogs came back looking and smelling pretty fantastic, but as the day progressed, I noticed that my male dog was constantly licking himself. That night, I noticed that the spot where there should be nothing (because he is neutered), there was a swell. I thought perhaps he had gotten a bug bite and thought nothing of it. The next morning, this small swell had become a large and inflamed swell. I called the groomer, explained what was going on with the dog and asked if they had perhaps switched product but was told they were using the same hypo-allergenic product so I continued to think it was a bug bite. As this day progressed, the swell became very painful to where my dog could not sit and would not eat. I took him to the vet immediately and was told that my dog had bad razor burn and that his nether regions were highly infected. I purchased antibiotics and topical anesthetics. I called the groomer and had to leave a message asking Kim to call me back. It is now 5 days since that call and I have still not received a call back. $55 for a bathing and grooming of an 8-lb dog is a bit much for me to receive this type of service. 2 of the 2 times this woman groomed my dog, she managed to really hurt him. That is 50% of the times this service as a whole has hurt my dog. 100% they have been late. Never again.
4	I just read the reviews and I have to disagree . I had no problem making  my appointment and they showed up on time . they listened to me about my older dog and that she needed specials care  because of her hips and her bladder problems and she is going blind . with great care they picked her up and placed her into the van . they did the job in a timely manner and they listen to what I asked for. I couldn't had been happier with the results.
4	I have used this mobile groomers before (3 to be exact) and they have been wonderful. It was always the same groomer (the little brunette) and my dog loves her. And they always did what I wanted and finished in a hour.The first two times I used them, they were on time. The last time they were late but they let me know ahead of time.As for booking, it is easier calling them, instead of booking it online.
4	I love them. They return my call right away and made an appointment for a few days later. They were on time and listened to my requests and concerns. They took about an hour and a half and my dog looked beautiful afterwards! I've had two different people so far and both did a great job. I'll keep using them as long as I have a dog.
1	Id never use them again first of the Unprofessional driver that came to my house didnt want to do here job she kept on makn exscuses about parking and power not my problem and there was plenty of parking my Himalayan Persian if u can believe what that is in the pick got brought back to my door with her hair hacked of in patches long in sm places short in others all wrong i work for huge cell ph company and  ill be sure to share this Experience in front of 10s of thousand co workers when your dealing with peoples animals those are there kids u wouldnt bring sm ones kid home soking wet then to add Insult to injury the cut was 65 with a 15 traveling fee i gave that lady 100 she gave me back 15 like i was sm domb ass id never give a tip for such a horible job custermer care girl on ph did apologize and offer to send another person to fix what that machanic lady who should be only washing cars not cats Unfortunately my cats to screw up to be fixed id rather just let her hair grow back verses puting her threw that shit again
5	Kim,Noel and her partner did an awesome job with Jake. His anxiety was lowand he  turned out awesome. Couldn't ask for a better service. Price is right on,and one my neighbors was interested in the service for her 3 dogs. Hopefullyyou get some clients down here in the SW Vegas area. Thanks again,Jake Brady
4	I have been using You Dirty Dog for several years now to groom my (somewhat skittish) long-haired kitty. In the past I have taken her to the vet's to be groomed which would be an all-day ordeal, which was always super stressful for kitty, not to mention pricey! When we would bring her home, she would hide under the bed for hours. She was pissed.You Dirty Dog has been HEAVEN SENT. I just have the furbaby in her carrier and ready to go when they get to my house. The groomer comes to the door, introduces herself to me (and the kitty!) and whisks her off to the mobile grooming van. 30 minutes later she's back, washed, shaved down, soft as a teddy bear and smelling great. And she is a HAPPY KITTY. Omg, SO happy. I cannot get her off of me for the rest of the day because she is so excited to be pet all the time.So, yeah. I love these guys. They have made our lives so much easier and happier and they're about $30 cheaper than any vet I've taken kitty to in the past. Plus, they have reduced my rate for staying with them for so long! :) They only really lose one star because, like other reviewers have mentioned, they have a tendency to run a little late and there have been scheduling snafus. Stuff happens though, you know? No biggie.
1	I've used this company two times. The first time was about a year ago when they butchered my husky by shaving him just on his back and arms. They missed his tail, face, and paws. He looked like a Pomeranian! I swore I would never use them again. After a while, I started to search for another mobile dog groomer and accidentally called them again (it had been over a year). I called the company and enquired on pricing. The quoted me $65 + $15 for them to show up (isn't that a mobile groomers job?). They showed up on time and bathed my dog within the quoted time. I realize they hadn't clipped his nails so I asked about it. The groomer stated that they were fine and didn't need to be clipped. This was half of the reason why I PAY someone else to do this. I do not want to hurt my dog and hire (who I think are) professionals. I really didn't feel like arguing so I just let it go. The groomer than asked for payment and quoted me $95. I told them I was quoted a lesser price. The groomer called the boss and eventually decided to give me the price that was quoted to me. I then went to pay with a credit card and they couldn't get the machine to work. I stood in front of my drive way in the heat for a good 20 minutes while they tried to put paper in. Finally they decided to call it in. The first person they spoke with ( who I think was the owner or boss) said she was too busy. They then called the second person and then handed me the phone to wait on hold for an additional 10 minutes.  Eventually they swiped my card in their machine and still no paper. I don't need a receipt. I just feel that if you run a business, you should be prepared and professional. I won't be using them again. Petco does a better and complete job for half the price.
1	I used this groomer 3 times. The first time was good, My Yorkiepoo got a very cute hair cut unfortunately the lady who we used no longer works there. The 2nd time was ok but I noticed that he had matting under his ears. I figured I would give them one more try, a decision I REGRET. They nicked my poor dog up 4 times! He had a dime size scab on his neck and 3 smaller cuts ranging from his ears to his back. Beware of these groomers.
1	This is my first time using You Dirty Dog. I thought the good reviews would outweigh the bad reviews. So I tried for myself. I am very disappointed in the service. They arrived early (this is a plus), and both women were very pleasant. I was happy to let my dog go out with them. Not even 45 minutes later, they bring my dog back and tell me they couldn't do her nails, or brush her teeth because they left the muzzle and tooth brush. After being adamant that the only reason I called them was because I did not like the last groomer and I needed her nails cut. Keeping in mind I paid full price and gave a $10.00 tip.They agreed to come back at the end of the day. By 8:00 PM, no show. Upon looking at my puppy, her under belly was still dirty, and the hair on her bum wasn't trimmed back. She smelled great, and they got out a lot of the under coat as she was shedding. We called the number and spoke with Kim, who very nice and very professional. She without hesitation said someone would come out the next morning. Same person from previous day came out alone this time. She took the dog to trim her nails, I specifically asked that they be grinded and she clipped them. If the dog wasn't ten years old and hadn't been to a groomer before, I would be ok. This is unacceptable and I can not see myself using this groomer again. To add insult to injury, the woman kept calling my puppy a boy. She had on a pink collar with her name on it. AND if she had washed her like she should have, she would have known she was a girl. I wish I could have gotten my groomers name, and I honestly don't feel that I should blame You Dirty Dog, but she works under their name. I'm afraid to try one of their many other groomers now just from this bad experience.
1	Just experienced You Dirty Dog on the highway! dirtydog2 license plate! this driver was rude , unprofessional , unsafe , if they take care of your dog like this beware !!!
1	Super unprofessional.Made my wife come out and help them do the grooming.  Isn't that what I am paying for!  Did we get a discount, NO! On top of that they were late and to top it all of they cut my CAT!  He's now bleeding all over the place.  STAY AWAY!!!
