4	Litchfield's is the renovated restaurant at the Wigwam Resort.  This takes the place of Red's Steakhouse.  The 80-seat dining room is set off by a wood fired show kitchen in the center of the restaurant.  We were surprised by the need for a reservation on a Tuesday night.  We used to show up at Red's and simply sit down.  Since the restaurant has only been open for three weeks with a lot of buzz, we should have anticipated the wait.  Thankfully, the bar was well stocked and we only had to wait for 20 minutes.For appetizers, we ordered the fettucini on the recommendation of our server. What a great dish!!  She wasn't lying.  It was seasoned so well.  We also ordered the prosciutto with dates.  This was a little less fantastic.  The prosciutto tasted great but it really didn't tie into the dates.  It was like the dates were just set on top of the meat as a garnish.  I was disappointed with this presentation.  The flavors were good.  Maybe tie them together a little better?My main course was the two 4 oz. fillet.  I ordered medium rare and they were served over a bed of roasted garlic potatoes.  I could cut my meat with a fork.  It was so tender.  The meat was Arizona raised (and Arizona eaten - I might add).  Great main course.  My colleagues were equally satisfied by the trout and salmon dishes they ordered.For dessert we shared the creme brulee and the bananas foster.  I really don't know why the bananas foster wasn't flamed table side.  I was very disappointed in this.  I've been to some fantastic restaurants who flame the dessert table side....let's face it...it's entertaining as well.  Both desserts hit the spot.  Great flavors.Overall, I would give 4 stars.  The portion sizes were very well controlled.  I really appreciated this as all the dishes were more guilty pleasures than dinner.  My complaint was the lack of an after dinner drink menu.  The server was not educated on after dinner drinks and tried to fake it.  I mentioned to the bar tender on the way out that they're losing money here.  We did finally settle on a nice port, but later I found that they had Macallan 25 and was disappointed that I missed out there.  If they fix the after dinner drink menu and the flamed bananas foster, it's easily five stars.  The service was fast, efficient and friendly.  I would recommend trying the place out.  You won't be disappointed, just call ahead first.
2	I guess I was expecting more.  The idea of taking food grown locally on farms to prepare dishes was good.  But I guess growing local and being "fresh" come at a cost.  Food was ok, just didn't believe it should be so expensive.  It was also very smokey inside due to the kitchen being in the middle of the room.
3	Ok, my previous review was based on the dish I picked which was the pork chops. (not the best thing on the menu).  But this update is to talk about what others at my table really liked, one was the trout, which was really good and the other was the New York steak strip which was tender and also good. I still believe this place is on the expensive side. But to be fair I thought i'd update my review concerning what others at my table thought.  Just be cognizant that this place is pricey and at least some dishes aren't worth it.
3	From the menu, the dishes appeared as if they should be creative and tasty.  That said, the pork chop, which was promised to be "medium" was served well done and dry.  What a shame as it "looked" very good.  The chopped steak was definately not just ground beef and was very tasty and tender, however the sweet potato spaetzle was a mushy disappointment.  The lamb stew was the best of our table.  It could have used a few more veggies than just a carrot and some potatoes, but was good in flavor and tenderness.  For dessert we had zabaione which proved to be on the runny side instead of a light custard.  Having been an Italian chef, this was a little disappointing, however the flavor was ok and the berries were outstanding.  The noise level of the restaurant reminded me more of a Denny's than a 4 star restaurant.  It was very distracting.  If we are to return, we will just eat in the restaurant lounge - which was very quiet.  Or maybe just go down the street to the other Wigwam restaurant, the Grill (Red Allens).Service is not lacking.  Everyone bends over backwards to be attentive, professional and not overbearing.  Our server was a sweet young lady.  The location is fabulous and we enjoyed our after dinner tour with Lance, the very informative and entertaining on-site Hopi storyteller.Ultimately, no matter who the chef is who developed the menu and concept - the food is only as good as the staff cooking it.  This place is just screaming for a high level chef like Robert McGrath or Eddie Matney.  Perhaps I was just expecting better.
3	The food was hit-n-miss but on the whole good. The service was nice but she seemed distracted most of the time. The noise and lack of privacy were unacceptable.The prosciutto with dates appetizer was good but there was nothing to it. It was exactly just the ingredients, a little bit of prosciutto and 3 dates. There's no reason to order it again and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone because you could easily make it at home.The warm beet salad was excellent. The farmers salad however did not fit the meal or the season. It was light and citrusy, it would be excellent for a warm summer evening, or light spring lunch at a cafe, not a cold February evening at a steakhouseThe lamb was good, just good. The filet was excellent but did not need the sauce added. It was very tender for grass-fed beef.  The beef was served with some melt in your mouth baby potatoes that were excellent.  We ordered mushrooms as a side and they were not good.  This was especially noticable because the mushrooms at Red's (Litchfield's predecessor) were simply amazing. The creme brule and creme with berries deserts were just ok.  The creme brule was over powered by the marmalade on it.  The creme with berries had some sort of cake or bread at the bottom that was supposed to be soaked in grand marnier but only half of it was, the other half was hard and not good.We did not enjoy the proximity of other tables and the amount of noise from all the close tables packed into the dining room.  Adding to the din was the kitchen, located in the dining room with all the banging and clattering, it was hard to enjoy a quiet conversation.  It's the best we'll find in the SW valley but no one should drive out just for this restaurant.  In the end the quality of the main courses and the salads saved the restaurant. so A-Ok.
2	We miss Red's! We have nothing but gratitude for everything that the new Wigwam ownership has dome for the neighborhood, but the loss of Red's, a great neighborhood treasure, has not (yet) been filled by Litchfield's. I'm sure it is adequate for captive guests, the service is outstanding but the food falls short. The concept is awesome, the execution is the problem. For example, the concept of a menu based on local, fresh ingredients drew us right in, but the beet salad was short on beets and long on vinegar, the "wood fire roasted chicken" wasn't browned with crispy skin and came with gravy(?). Seriously? The steak came with a compound butter that seemed like coarse sea salt in a bit of butter - inedible and did not add to the otherwise good steak. The sweet potato gnocchi were curried (bad match, how about chipolte?) You are so close, Wigwam! Go ahead, be a Western, unique Arizonan restaurant. Get some Buffalo steaks, abandon the dressings, and keep it simple! We agree with the idea of going with quality, local ingredients. Let a littleSouthwest flavor creep in. The locals and guests will come repeatedly if you  trust the ingredients. Need an example? Take the kitchen staff to Kai on their day off. No, we don't want you to develop a $150 tasting menu, but we already spent almost $100 without any drinks, so...... We'll be trying again, we're not ready to give up on you, yet!
4	Setting off to San Diego on a Thursday evening, my girlfriend and I decided to eat here before setting out for Yuma.  It wasn't busy, the ambiance was relaxed and the overall atmosphere was very comfortable.The wine list is a little overpriced but, on the whole, we ended up with a $30 Zinfandel that we paid $70 for - a good wine but not really worth that price!We decided to split the beet salad, a good choice as it would more salad than either of us would have eaten alone.  It was fresh, the greens, beets, walnuts and cheese all blended well with the dressing.  She ordered the trout and I ordered the cavatelli.  Both were nicely presented and well balanced plates.  She ended up liking the cavatelli more than the trout, so I ended up eating more of that which was okay with me as I thought it was excellent.The staff was attentive and polite, the food was better than average and the overall experience was very pleasant. I only wish they could brew a decent cup of coffee...
4	My wife and I came for our anniversary on a Saturday night. We had a reservation and the table was ready when we arrived, the waitress was both very friendly and attentive.  We started with a bottle of local Arizona wine, reasonably priced for a restaurant, and each had the roasted beet salad. Excellent. We each had steak and both were perfectly done. For side dishes we had two, the trumpet mushrooms which were a bit tough, and the broccoli, which was fine. The farm to table concept is a welcome one, and the service was excellent throughout. We would recommend this place for a nice night out, our check with wine and gratuity was right at $200. Overall very enjoyable and good service.
5	MR C & I have now been married for 6 months. We had our wedding recption on the patio of Litchfields. So, on our 6 month anniversary we returned to the Wigwam and decided to have dinner at Litchfields.  We started off with the cheese plate: OMG this ROCKS. We had it at our wedding dinner (post cocktail reception on the patio) and again the following evening at our intimate dinner. The housemade crackers, the local honey to drizzle on the goat cheese and the fresh pomogranite seeds... I die thinking about it.. YUM.  Next, we share the beet salad.. again delish.. a little overload on the goat cheese, pecans, etc... but delish. And finally we shared the New York Strip... ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.. perfection, delish. The cabernet sauce and the wood fired onions...the flavor of the steak.. one incredible bite. WOW.  Top it all off with the lovely and inexpesive Penfolds Merlot and it was one lovely dinner. The atmosphere, the quality of the food, the excellent service... and of course our memories... we love this place.  We love the casual yet classy feel of it.  And dont forget to check out the patio!
4	Sam and I visited Litchfield's last week. It has an open kitchen, which is kinda nice, and many windows that look out on to the golf course. The food was great but on the pricey side. I had lamb, Sam had filet, and I would recommend both of them. It was a pleasant night out!
4	In beautiful Arizona on business. Staying at the Wigwam Resort. Had dinner with 8 guys at Litchfield's. The decor is southwestern and very cozy. A open wood burning stove is blazing for all of the guest to see. Litchfield's has a great selection of wine and competitively priced with other restaurants nationwide. Service was outstanding two servers handled all eight of us with ease. I had the trout, it was fresh and very very good. ( try a side of risotto with your meal, outstanding). A majority of the table ordered the pork chops. It was huge and most of them could not finish it. They all raved about it and all of us being from Chicago we know about chops. (Stockyards and Bulls) Pricing was fair for the service and meal. The grounds around the restaurant are  amazing. Have an after dinner drink by fire pit outside. All in all, a must try.
5	Have lived here 7 years, moving back East in a month and just discovered Litchfield's (bar side). Friendly ladies behind the bar, nice drinks and delicious dinner right at the bar. The sweet corn soup is our favorite, along with the brown rice risotto -so savory with sweet potato and sweet corn and the steaks are delish. But the best part is Jay Soto - wonderful piano and smooth jazz artist plays Fri/Sat nites. Where can you find such world class delicious live smooth sounds but in Litchfield Park? How amazing and sorry we didn't discover this fact sooner. We've had two very enjoyable Friday evenings in a row here and will always remember this hidden gem and the fact we got to see a great artist in such a cozy venue.
3	Arguably, priority in a restaurant rating should be given to the food, and in this department, Litchfield's excels. The locally sourced steaks were perfectly trimmed, cooked exactly to order and juicy and flavorful. Salad dressings were beautifully balanced and obviously carefully homemade, and the selection of cheeses on the cheese plate, were perfectly aged and carefully chosen.Ambience, service, and presentation were another story though. First, on this Saturday night, the place was unbearably noisy, despite not being full. The music, besides being all wrong for the average age of the clientele, was way too loud. The server showed a lack of experience,  from setting an overflowing beer on the table without a napkin or coaster under it, to never asking if we wanted refills until dinner was over. But worst was main course presentation. Beautifully cooked steaks were just piled on top of the two sides in a stack, in a sort of oblong deep white bowl. When my steak first arrived. I wondered where my risotto and my mushrooms were, but I soon discovered them completely hidden under the slab of meat piled in the dead center of the bowl. The albeit delicious smoky meat juices ran down onto the side dishes and made everything taste the same. The delicate, perfectly cooked risotto lost much of its charm soaked in meat juice and the mushrooms were overwhelmed by it.I'll give them another try, but I hope they raise their levels to be commensurate with their prices, or I'll have to write them off my favorites list.
2	We went once in the spring and again recently.  I don't know if we'd go back.  The service was ok both times but the food has been hit or miss, first time everything was very good and the chef made the rounds to check on everyone's food.  The second time almost everything was over cooked and just plain bad.  To top it off, people were only being seated to the one side of the restaurant closest to the bar forcing everyone to listen to the awful wedding singer in the bar.  For the prices paid,  probably not worth risking another visit.
5	We just got home from an incredibly delicious meal here.  The first thing you notice when walking through the door is the smell from the mesquite grill.  When we arrived at the Wig Wam Resort, I wasn't sure what I was leaning towards having, but after I got a whiff of that aroma, I knew I was having a steak.  The restaurant was bright and nicely decorated.  The tables weren't on top of each other, which gives you a sense of space.  We were seated at a table by the window, and had a lovely view of the fountain.Our waitress, Holly, was very friendly and answered any questions we had about the menu.  The menu isn't large, but has something for everyone.  My husband and I usually tend to choose similarly, and tonight was no different.  We both had the caesar salad and filet mignon.  The salads were wonderful, and we were trying to get every last bite off the plate.  I liked that the dressing was under the salad (I've never seen that before), and actually really enjoyed it that way.  We both ordered our filets medium, mine butterflied, and they were grilled to perfection.  There was a demi-glaze that was the perfect balance for the meat.  My husband got sides of potatoes and the gouda mac n' cheese.  He couldn't get enough of them and was practically licking the plate.  I had sides of baby carrots and green beans with cheddar melted over them.  They were both delicious!We decided to splurge and have dessert.  My husband got a prickly pear creme brulee, and I had a warm peach and pecan cobbler with a scoop of vanilla bean ice cream melting over it.  Do I need to tell you how delicious they both were??This was a wonderful date night out, and the meal really made it extra special.
3	I was REALLY pumped up to go to this restaraunt.  I had wanted to go for a long time...the west side isn't known for fancy so I was excited to go to what may be higher end food than we usually get.  I wasn't dissapointed but it wasn't the best I'd had.  The appetizer was good, all sorts of little fried wonders!  Also, they brought out some warm yummy bread.  My first drink was amazing...Saguro Margarita...to die for!  Do it!  I got the fish special for dinner and it was a little dry for my taste.  The rest of my group however got the lamb and loved it.  I will go again and hopefully then can report a higher rating.
5	UPDATE: We have been to Litchfield's several times now. Since changing over from Red's we had some not-so-great dinners but now they've worked out the kinks. We had a great dinner here on the weekend. Prices are moderate for this quality of food and atmosphere, and the free valet parking is convenient! I had halibut and my bride the wood fire roasted chicken. Both were fine examples of how to do it right! Local ingredients are used wherever possible. It gets five stars because it has hit its target - a really good, moderately priced and casual Arizona restaurant. This is what Scottsdale used to be, and what Litchfield Park is now. It is a fine addition to the neighborhood! The only negative: we do miss the raspberry cheesecake tower the Red's used to offer for dessert.
4	Upscale restaurant on-site at the Wigwam. The hotel's location means that there are few full-service restaurants close by - so we chose to eat here. We were very glad we did!Service is great - fast, friendly, and prompt. Food was terrific (ribeye for me).Would definitely eat here again.
3	A splurge of an evening to celebrate good friends leaves a so-so memory of a meal.  New York strip, trout, salmon, and pork chops were very good, however the steak was cold. Cheese platter was excellent but local honey ran off the serving board and waitress appeared inconvenienced to clean off sticky table. When Beau requests a cup of coffee, the waitress runs off to get it but neglects to ask if anyone else would like a cup. Plenty of apparent servers but waitress is harried. Noise, service, and ambience not scaled with food and bill.  Bummer.
5	Very impressed with the upscale dining experience over at Litchfield's in the SW Valley.  Thanks to Yelp for saving us from driving to Scottsdale for a birthday dinner for my daughter who has moved to Avondale.  The service and atmosphere of the entire resort is top of the line and just beautiful.  You have to walk though the bar to access the entrance.  The kitchen is awesome because you can see everything getting cooked right in front of you with no walls and it was the cleanest restaurant kitchen I have ever seen in my life.  The food was pretty darn good also.  I ordered the prime rib-eye steak special with crab meat covering it (see pic), my daughter got the spare rib special, and my wife got the salmon.   My steak was just ridiculous and pretty sure I could have used a butter knife to cut it.  The flavor was just spectacular with a marbling taste, also had a burgundy sauce (garlic/buttery flavored) that was just perfect with the steak and pretty large portion.  I did not care for crab meat on top of the steak but the mashed potatoes were good as well.  My daughter loved her spare rib which was small but we used a fork to cut it and she had some avocado that was slightly fried with batter which was very good and different.  My wife thought the salmon was very good but the sides did not compliment is very well.  Overall the food and experience was just perfect for our occation.
4	Great upscale option in the West ValleyTook a coworker to Litchfield's for a working dinner and to celebrate a project well done.  We had heard that Colangelo and his partners bought the Wigwam and had made some drastic improvements, including to the main dining option.  Tip: You can park inside the gate and don't have to be a guest or member.  I parked outside and had to walk... apparently, just because I felt like being foolish.Was impressed with the food quality and flavor.  They have an appealing menu for American ranch fare.  The steaks we had were cooked perfectly and flavorful without being over-seasoned.  Sides were good and the interior design of the restaurant was quiet and comfortable.  Dessert options were standard fare.  Overall, there is nothing novel in terms of food and dishes, and what they serve is executed very well.Service staff is par for the course.  Very nice, yet a clear step away from top tier. Attentive enough though, and you aren't left to wait too long between courses and paying for thing when ready to wrap up.
5	Very friendly reception and service. The four of us had different selections and everyone made comments on the perfect preparation. The rack of lamb was the best I have ever had. Very comfortable dining room. Every staff member had a smile...a great experience!
4	Almost perfect!  The wait staff lacked the skills you find in your top-tier restaurants.  Other than that, outstanding.Medium sized dining room, open, with a few booths placed in the middle (odd) and tables around the outside.  Very warm, and relaxing with an exposed kitchen and three or four busy chefs.Simple, uncomplicated menu.  Food is absolutely delicious and cooked to perfection. A long time ago I banned myself from ordering pork chops in restaurants.  No matter how good the restaurant was, they always overcooked it.  Sticking to that tradition, I ordered the Baked Margherita Linguine  and it was outstanding and reasonably priced.  However, one in our party ordered the Wood Fired Pork Chop and it was out-of-this-world delicious!Not only was that pork chop cooked to absolute perfection, it came with a drizzle of the most outstanding pork sauce I've ever tasted.  If I could learn to make that sauce, it would go on everything... including pancakes!Great meal, great atmosphere, awkward, clumsy service.  Go!  Enjoy!!
4	came here for easter brunch with the family. the food was fantastic. the dessert table was great. our waitress didn't come by often. ordered a juice and it came in such a small glass and she only refilled it once... it was so small.  I didn't like that there were only 4 for brunch and when the bill came they already had the tip included at 20%. for what? we got up to get our own food, the waitress really only brought out juice, the back kitchen guys are the one to refill the water. I hope next time it'll be better. the 4 stars are for the food and yummy dessert!
3	The staff was very friendly and accommodating and the atmosphere was delightful.  However the food was just OK and somewhat overpriced.
4	Very nice setting, great tasting food. We ate here while staying at the resort. It's upscale so expensive but not outrageous. The food was very well prepared and I love that all of the ingredients are from local farms.
2	Clubby ambience great for the occasion .warm welcome.cool politely hostile semi knowledgable waitress a definite detraction. Assurances of USDA prime rendered a smallish 20oz. Porterhouse 6/10. Prime rib a dull pink rewarmed  joke . Salad was sad. Wine list amateurish. Dessert very good.The owners need to try Club A in NYC,or , despite the price Ruth's Chris.. Better ,BobR's backyard for charcoal grilled organic  grass fed corn finished bone in heaven.  Give this a pass;i=Avoid.
4	Extremely fancy, extremely expensive, and extremely great! We had the Blackhead Ahi and Frito Mixto for our appetizers and the Colorado Lamb Rack and Wild Boar for the entree. It was amazing! The staff was a little inexperience however, the atmosphere was great and I loved the resort it was connected with! SO classy!
3	Went there last night because we bought a Groupon for it. Beautiful ambiance, and the kitchen is right in the middle of the dining room which is really neat because you can watch the chef and team cook.  Had the cheese tray, which was delicious! Still can't figure out though why they give three crackers to a table of two...we had to ask for an additional cracker because there was so much cheese. Really good though. Then I ordered the lamb which was the special of the evening...recommended by both the manager, and waitress. They must have got a good deal on the lamb because they were pushing it hard. Turned out to be pretty bad.  I asked for it medium rare and it was charred and well done. But the waitress was a doll and switched it out for the ribeye which was much better, still a little tough but at least it was pink inside. Overall a good experience. I would head back for a cheese tray, glass of merlot and the ambiance.
4	Pleasantly surprised! Service was upscale. Ambiance was ok. It was a bit noisy and there were many more kids than I would have imagined. A lot of AZ tuxedos (polo/button down and shorts with sandals). It was cool to see the chefs cooking your meal in front of you! We had a white sangria and a strawberry margarita. Both were very good, but I don't think my marg had much tequila. The cheese plate was exceptional, the pairings were spot on. Be careful, the blue cheese is very strong, so that might be off putting for some. We both like a good funky cheese so it was all good. My fave was the goat cheese and tomato spread.For dinner I ordered the chicken and the man ordered the ribeye. My chicken was surprisingly very delicious and moist, as were the sides. My green beans were a little crunchy for me, but still good. The steak and gouda mac were fabulous! High quality beef cooked very well.We skipped dessert.The layout of the menu didn't make sense. They have a burger and a pasta dish under appetizers.. Maybe they need to divide that section into apps and small plates.
4	This is a small intimate restaurant where the chef cooks in front of the guests which is pretty cool. very mellow atmosphere , more of an older crowd.  ordered the fillet mignon with the Yukon mashed potatoes and hubby ordered the lamb chops , both were exceptionally delicious. Got the cheese plate and it was yummers! Great w/ my merlot chateau st. Jean and red sangria.Cons: didn't like the bowl like plate that made me scoop out my meat and didn't hold my steak knife. Crackers in cheese plate would've rather had a heartier kind than these water ones.Also  service is very slooow! Which is why I gave it 4 starsTotal $110.Dress; anywhere from dresses to jeans with nice blousesFor men: slacks to the Tommy Bahamas poster boy look.
2	I appreciate the use of local ingredients, but use them right. Chicken was dry. Gouda mac n' cheese tasted like feet, and I like gouda. Service was awful. We had to flag down sometime who was wiping down clean tables to get a refill on water and another guy just walking around to get our check. The meal took over two hours and we didn't order dessert. The appetizer, frito mixto, almost ruined my appetite entirely. The sauce was a pico de gallo mayo (which tasted like old el paso salsa mixed with miracle whip) and the calamari/shrimp/bay scallop mix was something from Long John Silver's. I too got sick after eating here. Even with a 50% off discount this place is worth avoiding at all costs. The hotel is terrible too - just reaffirms why I stay in Phoenix if I want good service and food.
3	I've been curious about Litchfield's for ages, but due to the cost, I never would have tried it without a Living Social deal. Now I can say we visited, though we're not likely to return.The grounds of the Wigwam are quite lovely. Unfortunately, we saw more of them than intended because we had a terrible time finding the restaurant on the resort grounds. We had to ask several employees for help until we found our way through the labyrinth. I half-expected to encounter a minotaur or David Bowie. The ambiance of the restaurant was extraordinary. We sat by the doorway and overlooked a lawn where they were setting up for an event. The weather was perfect. The attentiveness of the staff was impressive. Our water glasses were kept full and we were regularly asked if we wanted more bread or if we needed anything else. The bread basket was delicious. I'm a bread snob and a home baker, and this was very good bread. To start, my husband ordered the Caesar salad while I had the house salad. My salad was good, though not extraordinary; I can make similar at home. My main course was the Scottish salmon with pumpkin risotto and Brussels sprouts. It was very good, though there were very few Brussels sprouts; I was glad I had the salad for more vegetables. The pumpkin risotto was a delight--perfect pumpkin flavor without being overwhelming. The cut of fish was good.My husband had the ribeye. He enjoyed it, though he didn't hesitate to say that the steak at Fleming's is far better. Fleming's has set an awfully high bar there.I had one of their signature cocktails, the Litchfield Lights. It was good--spiked pineapple juice.We didn't partake of dessert. The selections didn't interest us.It was a pleasant enough place, but I've had better food for a much cheaper price. If I wanted good farm-to-table cuisine I'd be more likely to visit a place like Palette at the Phoenix Art Museum.
5	Great meal! delicious fillet and rib eye.  We had a great experience and enjoyed meeting Lou who was helping us with our wine selection the night we were there.  We sat outside on the patio on a beautiful crescent moon evening, great atmosphere.  The inside dining is a little loud and sounded somewhat like a cafeteria so I am glad we chose to sit outside.  We visited 5/3/14 had Great Service and Great Food celebrating 30th Wedding Anniversary.
1	Never again!  If I wanted my steak burned to a bitter charcoal crisp I'd do it on my own grill and leave it overnight and save $$$.  I've been lured back here because of the beautiful grounds of the Wig Wam, but never again
5	This place was amazing! We went at 6pm on a Saturday night. We had made a reservation but there was absolutely no wait and they got us right in. Every single person at Litchfield's was incredibly nice. The food was amazing. I had the lamb and my Husband had a steak with mash potatoes. Both of our meals were wonderful. Litchfield's itself was a bit hard to find. We asked the Valet guys outside and they pointed us in the right direction. Also, it did take us 2 hours for dinner. Which wasn't a problem for us because we were there to relax and just talk and have fun. All in all I highly recommend Litchfield's....especially if you have a Groupon! :o)
4	We hit Litchfield's up recently for a Saturday night dinner - it was wonderful!  Hubs enjoyed the Ribeye and smoked gouda mac and cheese - I had the vegetarian tamale.  My husband enjoyed his steak and my entree was average.  Portion sizes were pretty small, so thankful we ordered salad and appetizers as well.  Salad was the house salad - divine with berries and balsamic vinegar.  Creme brulee at the end was absolutely PERFECT.  Great piano player who took requests (Moon River). Prickly Pear Margarita was awesome.  Cocktails are tiny! The only reason we are going 4 stars with the review is because of price.  It was a good meal, and a nice ambiance, but is overpriced by about 20%.
3	I wanted to rate this place higher but my steak was overcooked, the portions for the sides were too small, and the prices are pretty high because almost all the entrees (except for the steak entrees) don't come with a side.I ordered a glass of ice water with a lemon and it was great, the lemon was fresh.  Then our server brought out some fresh bread with some garlic butter.  It was very tasty.  I also ordered an IPA draft that they had on tap ($6, not horrible for a fine dining spot).  My entree was the ribeye steak ($33) and my side dish was the smoked macaroni and gouda cheese.  The side came with the steak entree.  My steak was overcooked.  It was too charred and burnt on the top. I was bummed out that it wasn't cooked how I requested.  I should have sent it back.  I really enjoyed the mac and cheese, but the portion was very small. My date ordered a 5 oz. glass of Riesling wine, a salad, a fish entree, and a vegetable side order.  She enjoyed all of her meal.Our bill was $89 and some change.  Luckily, I used a $30 off coupon from GroupOn.The customer service was top-notch, and the scenery outside was very nice.
4	We visited Litchfield's with a Groupon while doing a staycation.  The resort is awesome and the restaurant is real nice, great atmosphere and cool decor.  I went there with my wife and we noticed great diversity in the restaurant - younger couples, older couples and some families.  I'd say this place is better for couples and not kids.  The attire also varied - saw dresses and shirts with ties, but also saw polos with shorts and flip-flops (hint, its a resort).  I'd say casual will do - collared shirt and nice jeans or slacks for the fellas.  Food was great - had the park belly for the appetizer.  Very interesting as it was on Indian fry bread with an egg on top.  Very flavorful and a big cut, we were able to share this.  For our mains- my wife had the trout.  She loved it and has never had trout before - crispy on the skin side and great flavor.  I went with the ribeye, even though the rack of lamb looked great at the table next to us.  The ribeye was cooked perfectly - medium rare and had a nice charred crust and intense smokey flavor.  They cook it over wood which gives the food a nice smokey flavor.  The steak also had a sauce and it melted in my mouth.  The food was awesome!  Now, the service, it lacked a bit.  Our server was nice, but a little rough - she was older and had trouble going table to table.  She joked, but it was  a little much at times for a nicer place.  The service was really slow and she did not check in with us as much as she should have.  I am not one to complain, but it comes to a point when a server should check in and remember orders from tables of two.  The bus boys were on their game, kept the water flowing and picked up plates and brought out bread quickly.  The bread and butter are awesome too!  That's my two cents - go there for the food, but be patient because you may be waiting a bit.
3	It was OK... Tamale was little dry - Bread was very good.
4	Good food. A bit pricey but the atmosphere makes up for it. Service good. Very attentive wait staff. We have been there several times
5	Getting better all the time! Litchfield's is the best on the West Side - maybe the only place you can go on a really "special" occasion without a long drive. Figure on $50 a person, without alcohol, so you can have an appetizer or dessert. We like all the entrees, and we visit every 6 weeks or so. The wood-fired chicken is especially tasty and very reasonably priced. Steaks are also great, and are priced similarly to the best steak houses downtown. It is getting to the point where you do need reservations on weekends, and they are closed Mondays and Tuesdays.
5	Beautiful grounds.  Very attentive valet service.  We ate at Litchfields and everything was great! Christine was wonderful as she explained and recommended the special. We ordered the scallops and the lamb and she told us how the chief prepared them.  Also had the new chocolate cake that is new to the menu and was delish!  Also we rarely drink wine but she suggested a nice light wine to compliment our meal that really made the experience come together! Busboys never let our water glasses empty!  We will be back and with friends!Everything was awesome!
1	We did not like the pork chop and Buffalo. The mac & cheese was wonderful.The decor was nice.
5	Was just posting another review from another restaurant & noticed this review was not posted.  Would like everyone to see it since Litchfield's is amazing and saw some bad reviews on open table......
5	Perfect date night place.  The food and service were excellent.  When you sit outside you can get the feel of the resort and it's like you've been transported far away from home even though you may live just a mile or two away!
3	Had the Caesar salad. It was different in that there were whole pieces of anchovy mixed in the dressing. For my entree, I tried the ribeye and smoked Gouda Mac and cheese. The steak didn't have much flavor and was a little tough, however, the Mac and cheese was delicious and cheesy! Very pricey restaurant.
3	Food was great!  Service was "standard".  Had to ask for bread 3 times, but the quality of the food made up for the service!  Might bring wifey back.
5	Lovely foie gras and sea bass. Perfectly prepared and a wonderful evening for my in-laws 47th anniversary.
4	Always enjoy it.  The piano guy in the bar is just right .. Homemade chips served with drinks really good.
5	Back to Litchfield's ( and we'll continue to come back...)Excellent meal for 7 .. Entrees served fresh from the grill.  Had steaks, salmon, chicken, pasta .. All of it excellent.Go there, now.
2	I really wanted to like this place.  The Wigwam Resort has a long history, and it should have a great restaurant.  Unfortunately, they stumbled with the service and the food.  The atmosphere is nice, but it is so darned loud!!  Difficult to have a conversation here.  We liked the open kitchen and the mission style ceilings.The service started off okay, and our waiter seemed attentive.  The bread was delicious--warm sourdough minis with good butter. However, it took our waiter and his manager about 15 minutes to find the wine that we ordered.  The appetizers came out quickly, but then there was a huge lag waiting for our main courses....like a half hour.  My wife had the butternut squash soup with a mole sauce, which was really good.The two main courses that we tried were the sea bass and the chicken.  The sea bass was good, but the accompanying veggies were just okay.  The chicken was completely overcooked and the butternut squash gnocchi were gummy and disgusting.  Because the food took so much time to come out, we opted to skip dessert, which I rarely do.  But the options were so boring: chocolate cake, blah, blah, blah.  The manager did knock a few bucks off our bill given the issues that we had with the food and slowness of the kitchen.I will try it again, just to see if they improve things, the next time we're in town.
