5	I wish I could give this place 6 stars.  I have been going to the yoga half of this studio since it opened and taking classes from Phyllis Rollins (owner of the studio) before she moved into this space.  (The other half of the studio spaced is for pilates, and I don't know anything about that.)  The things I love most about this studio:1.  The teachers.  They are all very attentive and careful.  I feel very safe and never worry about getting hurt.  They are all well trained in the Iyengar tradition with many years of experience.  2.  The individual attention.  They meet each person where he or she is...on that day...in each class.  I feel like they know me and the limitations of my body, and they help me with props and modifications to the poses to accomodate those limitations while still "getting" the pose.3.  The intimate space and classes.  Classes tend to be small (less than 10 students) and personal, and the space is warm and inviting.  4.  The other students.  The other students are very supportive without being intrusive.  And the range of experiences with yoga is very wide, from brand new never done it befores to people who have been practicing for decades.  All are welcomed.What you might want to know:  The classes run a little long sometimes (who wants to stop??!!!).  They have plenty of mats and props, but you are welcome to bring your own.  There is parking on the street and behind the studio.  If you park in the back, you will walk through the pilates half of the space on your way to the yoga studio.  Find out more about class times, etc, here:  http://www.8thstreetstudio.com/yoga-center
5	I've been going to the Yoga Center for years even though I still go to other studios.   Phyliss is the only Iyengar certified teacher in Charlotte and is a true gem of a teacher.  If you want to learn about yoga or are just starting out this is a great place to start your practice.  If you are experienced or prefer another style of yoga, you can still benefit from classes here as you will get alot of teacher direction and attention and specifics about the poses.   Everyone should try a class here!
5	I've been going to this studio since the beginning of January, and I now regret the 8 years that I spent in Charlotte without going over to check it out. At this point, I've taken classes with each of the yoga teachers here and they are all really good at what they do. It's Iyengar style yoga, which means you won't be bouncing fast from pose to pose and you won't be hot. Instead, you'll spend a long time really getting deeply into poses, learning about the biomechanics, and working out the kinks in your posture that gradually accumulate into pain as you get older.
