1	Walker Zanger is your high priced marble and tile center.  They carry some beautiful material.  We used them extensively in California, but I cannot recommend them here.  We looked at several pieces of granite here and asked to save a couple.  After MONTHS of runaround, they finally had to admit that they had sold the pieces without notifying us.  Then they were stupid enough to offer us a "similar" piece in ANOTHER color.  If I wanted green instead of brown, I would have chosen it in the first place.  My husband is so mad that he wants to carry a sign in front to boycott them.  When Interceramic Marble Corp. on Decatur has the best showroom and the most amazing pieces, there is NO reason to shop here.
5	Me and my stuff visited Walker Zanger showroom on our way to the airport after surfaces convention 2012. Vey nice stuff and unique tile products. Highly recommend
1	Beautiful showroom, maybe I shouldn't have come so casually dressed. The front desk receptionist is not friendly or helpful. I'm here to pay for the best of the best and was extremely disappointed in how stuck up she was. For the prices some pay, I expect you to at the very least be friendly. Wow, not coming back and letting everyone in my Summerlin subdivision know not to come here.
5	Have to say what an exciting experience it has been with Walker Zanger. To say the least the process from start to finish of my fireplace has been a wonderful time. Michele & Denise were experts in their craft and treated me with great service, as some times i can not always see things unless they are right in front of me. So the design went through on trust and belief in these amazing people. Even when paying and picking up the staff there all around where really fun and accommodating.My project was relatively small in the big scheme of things i would suspect, but it was a major design choice in the house to elevate the feel and most importantly make me feel great with the outcome.If i could give them more stars i would ~ great company with truly talented people!
1	Very poor service, ordered tile from them which they were supposed to have in inventory it wasn't. Told us it was coming from Italy and would be around 4 weeks. 6weeks later not here. Latest excuse was tile container didn't get loaded on to the ship after all. Order cancelled, using someone else to source our tile.
