5	I was literally raised on Matta's food.  It does not get any better than this.  I wish all Mexican restaurants could be this good.  But then, Matta's wouldn't be the special place that it is.
5	My family should own Mattas by now.  I grew up eating at Mattas weekly.  It has the BEST Chile Relleno in the world!!  It is stuffed with the best tasting meat i've ever eaten.   They also have delicious chimi changas.  Try the Sandy's Special.  It will not dissapoint.  I'm probably going to regret telling the Yelp world about Mattas, as it will mean longer wait times.  Oh well, the world must know!
5	Edit: So on January 20th, this restaurant closed its doors after over 50 years of service. I just found out about this today because it's my birthday and I would usually go to Matta's on my birthday since it's my favorite place. Well, not this year apparently.Fuck.There is a Matta's Grill restaurant in Mesa, but I haven't been - I hear it's not the same. They are supposed to be opening the old restaurant at a new location at some point... in Mesa. I hope it's closer to me. Anyway, at least I can still order their salsa online. The thing about this place that was so great is that most Mexican food places can't get it all right... if they have good beans, their salsa is shit. If they have good margaritas, they have awful guacamole. If the beef is awesome, the chicken sucks. There's always something missing... at Matta's, they did everything right... their salsa alone is enough reason to go there since I have yet to taste any salsa from another restaurant that is anything other than either nasty mildly hot bean mush or else totally bland diced veggies. Matta's has a hearty fresh and reasonably hot salsa that is full of flavor. Aside from that, they have some of the best beans, guacamole, beef, and chicken in the valley... correction: had. It's also one of the few places I've been to where a simple cheese crisp is actually perfect and crispy - not just a nasty puddle of grease and crap melted cheese.Anyway - in spite of the negative reviews, this place was fantastic and I really hope they reopen soon. The comments about it being trendy or just for white americans are absurd. It was quite the opposite of both of those assessments. There was never anything trendy about this place - if anything it was a little outdated. As for being mexican food for white americans - it was more flavorful than all of the authentic mexican cuisine I've had in my travels.[End Edit]______________________________________Easily my favorite mexican food restaurant in the world. I've been eating here for over 15 years and I love this place to pieces. I buy cases of their salsa for use at home. I take girls here on dates only if I really really like them.The seating and atmosphere isn't the best in the world, but it's appropriate and it doesn't really matter. The food is just so amazing. The customers are mostly mormon families with their 9 blonde kids or else elderly couples. It's not the most fun place to people watch, but the booths are private enough.Just go eat there.
2	very trendy mexican resturant that has horrible service from old ladies who can't hear or move fast enough to keep your drinks filled.  and the place smells very bad.  i suggest a little remodeling along with some spring cleaning.
2	Well I just got wind that this place is closing, now. Apparently the family is going to call it quits sometime shortly.I've been here a few times with coworkers and I'm not a fan, either. Too cheesy, too flavorless, etc. I think maybe this was the type of "Mexican" food that white Americans liked eating 30 years ago... that's the impression I've had of it, anyhow.
4	I can't believe Matta's closed.  I used to work there back in the early 90's , and was friends with several of the family.  I loved their food.  Last time I was there was about 5 years ago, though.  same waitresses were still there.  Our Saturday/Sunday going to work hungover food was chips and hot sauce mixed with ranch dressing!!  Their chips were really light and crispy.  Hot sauce was just that ... hot.  My favorite was probably their chicken burro, no tortilla and rice.  Makes my mouth water just thinking about it.There was also a restaurant that was opened up in .... Pine? Is that one still around??
5	Mattas - RIPI can't believe it's closed! I didn't have a chance to say goodbye. This was my favorite restaurant in AZ. I've been going here with my family since I was a child. Food is Tex-Mex style, so if you want authentic Mexican Food, this isn't the place. The waitresses knew me and always kept my chips, salsa & iced tea flowing. They used to have a Trio playing on the weekends. The soft beef taco combo was my favorite, my parents order the beef enchilada. The last time I was here, was the day my grandma passed away and the family went out to eat, it was her favorite place. I'll be going to the other Mattas on Higley when I visit family now.
3	Hey, I liked it.  I liked it even more when I was living in New York and San Francisco.  Now that I'm back, I don't miss it very much.
