5	Hands down BEST pinatas I've found in the valley. A few years ago my favorite pinata store went out of business and I haven't been able to find a replacement up until recently. I throw lots of parties and love having a pinata for any occasion. When I'm looking for a pinata I usually visit multiple stores looking for something specific. What I find is the same old thing and more often than not- covered in dust. When I first walked into Pico Rico I was so please with the selection. Every row I went down I saw something new. There were plenty of varieties so even if it's not for a kids birthday party you'll find something great. Whenever I go back they always have new pinatas I hadn't seen before and something special for whatever holiday is near. The Christmas pinata I bought there was beautiful and unique, I got compliments on it. Their pinatas are very well made. I stuff them with at least 15 lbs. of goodies and they always hold up. On cheaper pinatas the wire will come out when there's too much weight inside. Other than pinatas they also have a huge selection of Mexican candy, some decorations and balloons. The staff is friendly and helpful. Even though this store is bright fuchsia it's still hard to miss so keep your eyes peeled when driving by.
5	I went here searching for some of my favorite Mexican candies. I struck gold!!This is a clean, well organized store that has an enormous selection of Mexican candies, many in bulk. The staff is always friendly and helpful. I come here and I stock up on my favorite snacks, and I always try some new ones. I'm never disappointed!
1	I totally dislike this candy store to begaig with i went to this place 5 minutes before they close and the open sign wasn on.  They said its close come back tomorrow at 9am I went next day at 9am but it was still close never open waited there for 30 minutes and  I went to another candy store the name is Mayra's the lady was very helpful and nice!!!!!!! and thanks for letting me express my self......
1	Worst customer service ever. I had an issue with a rental of chairs and tables and the cashier was rude, disrespectfull and unhelpfull. The tables were dirty and breaking apart the chairs were filthy. I agree with the previous comment that the pinatas are nice and sturdy but thats about it.
5	Love this place! Whether you need a birthday plate with some odd candy on sticks, Pinata whacking sticks, Mexican Sun Hats or Non FDA Approved Drugs this is your place. I have found myself spending a good 30 minutes perusing stuff that any middle aged Irishman needs. I have pleased many family and friends with Pico Rico Birthday Plates!!
