5	Fun college bar.  This is the place to go see girls dancing on the bar.  Top 40 music.
3	I used to think this place was great - i mean you have to take it for what it is -Girls never have to pay cover and (I used to have a friend that worked here for years) get preferential treatment at the bar... works out well when it's three or four deep on a Friday or Saturday at midnight.Maybe I"m just getting older and my tolerance is diminishing, but the last few times I was there I couldn't wait to leave. The music is way too loud ( i know, i know, if it's too loud, you're too old, right?) but i actually want to hear what the people I'm with are saying.the patio is the spot, and it's not very conducive to settling in - you're constantly shuffling this way and that to make room for the the waitress or groups coming in or out the doors.drinks decently priced, unless you're getting red bull and anything- you have to pay for the whole can of red bull and get this - if you order two drinks, you still have to buy two red bulls, even though you could easily make two drinks out of one can... i don't get it either. plus, they hold the can as ransom behind the bar until you order your next one - all very suspect.anyway, they have pool tables, and when I'm feeling super dorky (which is always) i start looking through all the real hard back books they have stuffed in the shelves (it is the library). some of them are pretty wacky.
4	This was the first bar I went to as an official card carrying 21 year old.  I skipped my night class with half of my classmates (which  was 3 of us...it was small class) and we hit Mill Ave.  A fun bar, even if it is a little cheesy with the theme and all.  Bar staff was great, our bartender let us test out new shots she was learning to make for free.  I've been there a few times since and not much has changed, which is a good thing in this case.
4	A trip to Phoenix is not complete with a visit to Mill and when you're at Mill you must stop by The Library.While it can be totally for the 20ish frat crowd, lots of hipsters hang there too...and why not, a pretty girl in a school girl outfit serving you drinks while you shoot pool listening to sublime is not a bad thing.You can't wear black and look down all the time.
3	I'll be perfectly honest.  I probably never would have gone here if it had not been for my husband's coworkers.  College bars just aren't my scene, living in Boston will do that to you.  But given it was the summer and we were in a group of 50 I thought it would be ok. We took over the whole back part which was nice.  The drinks were well made and I'm assuming cheap.  They have two pool tables in the back, which are slightly awkward given their close proximity to the bar.  The music was fairly generic ranging from your classic drunk girl anthems (Pour Some Sugar on Me) to current Top 40 hits.  My husband enjoyed the bathroom attendant, whom he swears must have be related to Lil Jon, saying things like "Get yo piss on!"  They have a "no pictures" policy which I found to be incredibly lame.  You can't snap a picture of you and your friend having a good time without their written permission?  Really?  Guys, its not that impressive of a place that you have to try to keep it secretive.  I've actually never experienced something like that before and most of the places I frequent are a lot nicer than this.Would I go once classes start in the fall? Heck no.
1	Mostly dudesnice theme, schoolgirls are nicecrap music.the decor and theme are uniquethe kinda place to go there once to say you've been, any more will drive you mad
3	Very attractive waitresses, but this is Tempe, so you can find that at Denny's!  Overall a decent scene if you're comfortable hanging out with tthe college crowd.
4	The Library!  Just don't order the wings.  And they beer is in plastic pint glasses because you can walk outside with it...  Other than that, who doesn't love the Library?
3	cool spot to watch ball games....some seats have a bad line of sight of the tv monitors, but the appetizers are good and so was the service
3	Clever decor/themedecent foodgood locationattractive staffbad musicfrequented by frat boyssausage festThis place is similar to, but so much better than Hooter's... girls are hotter and the place has style. There is dancing on the bar which can be fun if you're into that. It's a good place to take someone who is college age and just moved here or something. It really seems like it should be a good time - it definitely depends on who you are I guess. It also depends on when you go. I suggest weekday afternoon when nobody is there. If you like crowds of horny drunk college dudes though - check it out on a weekend night.Their food is surprisingly good. The Library has the potential to rate 4 stars... on some nights I'm sure it's a 2. It's one of those places that really depend on the crowd, but it's still a good place to go if you're young and like the most popular music and scream 'woohoo!' for no reason.Two notes - as has already been mentioned, service is a bit slow. They also have about 100 televisions. It's overkill... the place doesn't need it. I almost gave this place a 2, but really it's mainly only sucky because of the crowd.
3	I went there once, and a girl dancing on the bar had a tampon string hanging out... ugh...........Ever since then, I get grossed out just walking by the place.The food is mediocre bar food.  Drinks are drinks.  Different nights have different themes.  I think Thursday is metal cover bands.
4	When you are sober this place is a 2 or a 3 star joint at the most, but when you are sloppy drunk this place goes to five stars right away. Two pool tables in the back, A Megatron (with Erotic PhotoHunt), A good amount of seating (indoor and outdoor), and girls in school girl outfits that go from 7's to 10's after a few JAGERBOMBS. "Two f**ckin jagerbombs down here chief"- If you dont know it, search "My New Haircut" on YouTube
1	If you rue the typical college crowd - with self-loathing women and self-loathing (disguised as overly pompous and loud) men - then you need to avoid this place like it's the  next outbreak of SARs. No, it's worse than that. Picture a half-interested and slow bartender taking your order while you're stuck listening to the worse pretend hair band you've ever heard, covering some rock songs you forgot existed. Pour some sugar where? Imagine the drinks making your stomach kick itself 1,700 times in a row, until you have to excuse yourself to go to the restroom, which is one of the smallest and most uncomfortable places you could be. I'd rather be stuffed in a trunk. Imagine people clamboring to climb onto the bar so they can "dance" with the music, singing at the top of their lungs. Ow, that's my hand you just stepped on!Yes, it gets worse. It's not like you can just leave, although you want to, don't you? I mean, you *just* ordered a drink after paying a silly $5 cover. So, you try to tough it out. But, let's face it, life's too short to be miserable. You can bail, if you want to. That's what I did.
3	Going to the Library on a Saturday night makes me feel old at 26 and like Chris Hansen from "To Catch a Predator" might jump out any second. Thankfully I don't feel quite as old going to the Library on a Friday night during happy hour. Chris and I went once on a Saturday night when they were apparently charging a $10 cover charge which somehow I avoided (the keep walking trick was very effective). The music being played was good but there was no room to dance...heck there was barely enough room to just stand and take a sip of my beer without getting knocked into. The schoolgirl attire for the waitresses and their dancing on the bar is super gimmicky and makes it look like the Library is just trying way too hard. Because of this dancing on the bar, there are no cameras allowed. After that one outing, we decided not to return on a weekend night.Starting this summer, we started going to the Library every few weeks on Fridays at 6 pm for trivia and happy hour. The happy hour crowd is very mixed, so we don't feel creepy being there. Draft beer is $3 as are rum and cokes during happy hour. I haven't tried a lot of food--I'm more into the drinking aspect of HH--but I am not a fan of their seasoned fries at all. Much too spicy for me. The garden salad I ate this past weekend was rather large for $4.95 and it was much better and freshier than I anticipated receiving at a place like the Library. My husband is a fan of the chicken quesadillas which during happy hour are $5.20. So not a super spectacular deal, but cheaper than they normally would be. The trivia aspect is a lot of fun and first thru third places get a prize. Our team came in third this past week, but the only slightly annoying thing was that you can't use the gift certificate that visit. So sneaky Library!
1	This place was a sausage fest. There was probably 20 guys for every 1 girl there last time I went. The waitresses were hot, but some of them were kind of old to be wearing the plaid skirt schoolgirl outfits. I probably won't go back, I'd much rather go to bar where I can actually talk to a girl instead of stand around with a bunch of dudes.
4	Ive never had so much fun at the library.  Lots of TV's, good looking staff, and great priced drinks.  It was a great pre game spot to meet up with friends and kick back.
1	Never have I been so disrespected by an employee at an establishment.  Maybe you should think about how you make money, and how creating a bad rap for yourself hurts only you.I went in last night for one beer about 9pm and sat at the little outside bar deal in the back. The female bartender was passing out calendars and drink coupons to everyone at the bar EXCEPT me. She totally skipped over me and when I asked "where's mine" I got a total fucking attitude. She told me I never asked for one and I explained I'm not a mind reader and she should have offered. She didn't offer to get more, she didn't apologize, whatever. A couple minutes later the couple two stools down from me said this is a great calendar and I replied that I wouldn't know. The bartender then flipped out and started telling the couple, not me, how she has no problem "owning these stupid ASU kids that can't handle their liquor." Way to judge, bitch. I'm not an ASU student and I've only had 1/2 beer at this point. I called for a manager and told him I have 1/2 a beer left, I'm not paying for it, I'm leaving and never coming back, and I'm going to tell everyone I know about how rude your bartender is. He gave me all sorts of free coupons for the block party, $1 drink coupons, and of course that calendar I wanted. I'm still not going back, ever, no matter hot skankily hot the cocktail waitresses are.
3	I went in here for lunch.  I had the tacos.  They were a step above del taco chicken tacos, but they were still ok.  Not 9 bucks ok, but ok.My glass was never empty, and my waitress(es) were very nice.It was slow and it was cold in there, I felt sorry for them.Also, the music drowned out the bible thumping street preacher screaming outside.  I wanted to invite him in for a beer and to tempt himself to think of the sins of the flesh.  Poor guy looked like he could use it.  Wound up in all that rage... when there is beer and women 10 feet away.
1	Eh. I had to take some firefighters who were visiting from Sedona out to eat...My choices were limited to Mill Avenue. I got to blurt out one very denied recommendation before I was overruled by 5 very hungry, very thirsty, very "away from home" boys that all wanted to go to Hooters. My big fat mouth had to say "How about  the LIbrary?"Nice. Where did that come from?Parking is fine. It's MIll. You can figure it out.I'm not even going to talk about the ambience. Most of the girls are very pretty and I'm sure would make a wonderful party favor. Intelligence does not reign supreme at "The Library" ironically enough.I asked if they had wings (because we had no menus)  and the response "I'm not sure"Guiness?  "Let me check."Can you make sure I get the tab? "What do you mean?"She kept forgetting the drink orders (There were 7 of us and she tried to remember all of them - each time we ordered rather than just WRITE them down! )Forgot to bring us our foodand well... there is just too much more to even get into....So, sadly, I give the Library 1 star. I doubt I'll go back. It's not my scene. I am SURE there is a niche group that likes this place, though. ???
2	This place seems to always draw older business types, mainly business men or ASU guys. Yeah, it's important to note, not many women frequent this place. The waitresses are pretty and really nice. In the past I've never really had any problems with service. But, I've got upset at the cost of drinks.  Prices are way to high in my opinion, mainly for the quality of food (sports bar food). On top of that they actually want you to pay to get into this place (weekends). SRSLY? Just because everyother crappy bar on Mill. is charging a cover doesn't mean you have to follow the crowd off the cliff. Seems like Libary doesn't get it though. /end rant
1	Worst experience ever at a restaurant/bar!  Rode the light rail to Mill in my trademark skimpy blue shorts.  Walked up Mill and heard about this place, decided to try it out.  Went in and the staff was less than courteous.  I guess only the employees can dress in skimpy attire.  I ordered a beer and soup, then I asked for a group shot with the girls and was so rudely denied, I immediately got up and walked out without finishing my beer or waiting for the soup.  Hooters, upstairs, on the other hand, on a different date, was a refreshing experience by comparison.  The girls loved me and we had a great time, and they were more than happy to pose with me in my miniskirt.  Next time, skip the Library.
2	Pub Crawl, stop 2: I have been to The Library a couple of times and like it. What's not to like about college girls dressed in school girl outfits, sometimes live music and beer? The flyer stated it was offering $5 lemonade drinks and Absolute raspberry. This was apparently news to the bartender, the waitress and the manager. Good thing I had the flyer (which they then kept). The bartender said they had to do something to adjust the price in the computer and it would be just a minute. The Absolute raspberry was actually a rather big shot and was tasty. I asked for a Bud Light while waiting for my change - the bartender suggested Bud because it was $2. I took the Bud. Another guy ordered a Bud Light and the bartender again suggested Bud. The guy asked how much Bud Light was and was told $3.50, where Bud was $2. The guy decided to stick with Bud Light and was surprised to see his receipt...he said I thought they were $3.50? The bartender said "They are $4 actually..." The guy left pissed. Meanwhile this whole event was about 20 minutes and I still don't have my change. Finally I received change (after drinking the shot and half the beer). I left $1 and moved to the back of the bar where I ordered a second beer for $2. While I like the Library in general, the negative experience with the bartender including the confusion on the drink price, the long wait for change and the incorrect price for the guy beside me deflated my opinion of this bar a little.
4	i love this place for good food and cheap prices. first, this bar/restaurant is on restaurant.com .   you end up eating here on the cheap. it's not a classy place, but you'll get good food and cheap drinks. us the restaurant.com certificates, and you're bill will be really cheap. they have specials every day, along with great happy hour prices. not sure which days, but they have 1/2 off appetizers. their burgers are large and good. their wings are very good and they have the largest onion rings i've ever seen. their onion rings are killer. they're not all bread like other places. i like everything i've ever ordered here. each booth has it's own tv and their multiple plasmas around, so you can watch sports here as well. they have live music on saturdays and sundays. not sure about the rest of the week.  it's very casual. if you're looking for a nicer sports bar, this isn't it. however, it's not a dive. good place. good times. the waitresses do wear skimpy outfits, so if you don't want your kids to see them, don't bring them. it's fine for older kids.
4	The service was excellent. The beer was cold. The servers were damn near naked. I really enjoyed myself here. Two or three beers turned into an all night event.
1	Alright, I admit, this is not my type of crowd or environment and that's part of the reason for the low rating.  Hey, you do it for the Scottsdale bars - so leave me alone!Our group headed here after Oktoberfest for a few drinks, and after finding a long wait for Rula Bula we ended up here where it was pretty dead.  Inside, there were a bunch of older creeps creeping on the scantily clad bar staff.  Outside, it was cramped and stinky of smoke.  The service at the bar was just okay....not particularly friendly or fast.  I wouldn't return here because I'm not in college and I'm not an older creep.  If out on Mill, I'll stick to Rula Bula.
3	Good looking waitresses, blah blah blah. No female customers? Weird. Beers are average price (up to $4, I think) and service is decent, at least at the bar. I like all the games on Sunday - we can sit facing two different directions at the bar and both watch the games we want to see. It was Sunday and I didn't feel like listening to the servers bitch about management then stomp off in a huff, then hear management bitch about the servers and stomp off in their own huff. The entertaining part of that was the server who made little closed-mouth sniffing noises after every sentence or so. The party carried over from last night, hon? Actually, I'm pretty sure she's the one who management said "I'm going to fire that skinny bitch today" about. Within earshot of me and every other customer sitting at the bar.
2	Lame, the place is crammed and stinks. The drink was ok and the price was ok. Some "ratard" spilled my drink because he was oogeling over my wife while she danced on the bar. (can't blame him, and he did buy me another) doubt I would be back.
5	The Library is Hooters better looking sister and the Tilted Kilt is their slutty cousin! It's a great place to watch any game. They have many HD's throughout and LCD's in their booths. It's a younger ASU crowd, but what would you expect. It's good to hang with the kids during school or visit during Spring Training. The staff is qualified enough to help with all your food and drink fantasies. If you get impatient, strike up a conversation or watch the tv, but don't take it out on the blonde bartender!
2	Ok so the girls are hot, love the little librarian thing going on BUT other than this this place is nothing all that great.  Full of horny college guys and the bartenders seemed a little rude.  Still had a good time here but there are better places on Mill for sure.
2	The food was actually pretty good. The beers were average. The atmosphere was interesting. And the staff was attentive. So why only 2 stars?No women customers was interesting. Even H**ters usually has women eating/drinking there. The place did kinda feel....dirty from the dust or smoke or something. And the waitresses were almost dressed, well, too scantily. (Yes, I really said that, I know...). I took a male coworker there and was almost embarrassed. I'm not sure I would have felt that way...upstairs.
5	Killer atmosphere! The food is ok but the drinks are strong. Try the buffalo chicken sandwich. All the bartenders are great. Check it out, its better that Hooters!
4	Horribly cliche, but you can tell your parents you're going to The Library on Friday night. I grew up with stories from my dad telling me he told his parents that.I was hesitant to come here the first time, not always hearing the best of the things. The place is a little oddly shaped and watching a bachelor be embarrassed on the bar top left me more hesitant. But then, the music started. My friends and I quickly made friends with the DJs on the dance floor. On Thursdays, I believe they have a live cover band playing. The only Thursday I swung in here, they sounded pretty darn good. On Saturdays, they play a mix of hip hop and rap (late 90's through current) and techno dance music.I'd recommend this place as a legitimate stop. The drinks are good and the waitresses/bartenders are attentive and kind. A good place to meet and hangout without any of the hype or expensive drinks you'll find at some of the surrounding Mill late night stops. Give it a try if you've never been, or make it a stop on your next Bar Golf Night.
4	I really don't understand why there are so many negative comments and ignorant HATERS bagging on the Library. If you don't want to be surrounded by "immature college kids", then don't go bar hopping next to one of the biggest public universities in America!I came here for a Mill Ave. night out and this was the first stop. The staff was friendly and attentive and the drinks were pretty good. I'm from L.A. so I think every bar in Phoenix has AMAZING prices for booze and this place was no exception. For 3 draft beers and 3 (very strong) Kamikaze shots I think my friend said it was only $25. Not great but definitely not horrible. The atmosphere was pretty chill. The girls are dressed in very skimpy schoolgirl uniforms and a couple of them seemed like Hooters rejects, but most looked okay. At some point that night, we came back to this place and the bouncers remembered us so they just let us back in.
