2	This place just opened at this location in December and being that there are very few places in Queen Creek to eat, I thought I would give it a try. It is in a strip shopping center and the first thing to note is that it was crowded. Plenty of outside seating wraps around the business, but it was slightly chilly so I chose inside. Actually it was warmer outside. The next thing I noticed was the door said breakfast or lunch and one window promoted "meats" and french fries. There were several workers, so I figured it would be a quick service. The table next to me had a couple that had already ordered and only had their drink. Eventually a lady walked up and asked if someone took their order and they said yes. Our order was taken  and other people arrived, which filled the room (seating is maximum 45). Later tthe couple left, only throwing a couple of bucks on the table. No food ever arrived. Someone asked about it and the waitress indicated they wanted lunch and the restaurant was only serving breakfast (at 11:30?) - and why no one told them it was breakfast only, I don't know. I noticed that the table across from me received their order. The little girl a large bowl of oatmeal, the wife something that was correct and the husband a large plate of pancakes and sausage. He informed the waitress that wasn't what he ordered. She took it back and returned a few minutes later with the correct food. The waitress came to our table and gave us a bowl of "scones". It wasn't like any scone I have ever had. Two small cookie like items that were kind of sweet and tasted like the cookie part of a chocolate chip cookie (no chocolate). Next I hear the waitress delivering food to the table behind me (which came in after we did). Ironically, she called out the same things that I ordered - a breakfast burrito and a side of biscuits and gravy. Seems odd two tables would order that combo. She delivered another tables order and one of the patrons identified part of their order as incorrect. The guy behind me, after eating part of the burrito, realized that wasn't what he ordered. The waitress was called over and she also determined that should have been mine instead of his. She never came to my table to tell me about it or say it was coming - instead she called out to the kitchen she needed another one. Probably 15 minutes later mine arrived. My friends had still not come yet. The waitress looked at what she delivered and gave the biscuits and gravy to my friend. She said that  was mine - then the lady reversed them. I said no, those are both mine. The waitress turned to my friend and said "you didn't want anything?" She reminded her that she ordered a ham and cheese omlet with wheat toast. The waitress headed back to the kitchen and blamed them. 10 minutes later returned with the omlet - which looked like I made it. I can't cook, which is why I go out. It looked like folded over fried eggs with Kraft singles on the top. We reminded her about the wheat toast. Several minutes later and still no toast. I called her over and asked how the wheat toast was coming. She checked with the kitchen asking the exact same thing. Another 5 minutes and we had toast.The service shouldn't have been slow because there were several workers. I can get by with slow service, but when there are 3 orders mixed up or arrive in courses and someone walks out, maybe that isn't the line of work for you. The food was just okay - when they say family restaurant just like home, that is no lie! It looked and tasted like I cooked it. Given my level of skill, I eat out a lot. I won't need to go back for a repeat visit any time soon.
4	I've eaten at this establishment several times now.  I've lived all over the US and spent considerable time down in the south east and north east so I can say  this restaurant is your typical "mom and pop" type place.It is very clean with a country feel to it.  The staff is friendly and the environment is very informal, basically walk in and sit where you like at an assortment of country style wood tables and chairs.The handful of times I have been here has been for breakfast.  So far I have ordered the eggs benedict, breakfast burrito, crispy french toast (french toast battered and rolled in cornflakes), and the 222 (2 eggs, two biscuits and gravy, two pieces of bacon).  They also have potato pancakes which are really good and are available as a side.  The bacon is high quality thick cut and not overly salty/fatty which is a plus.  All the portions are larger than usual so you really get your money's worth when you eat there and you leave full.  Coffee is pretty good too.  Mother's day was the first time I had any sort of negative experience there, which surprised me because I took my mom there after hyping her up about the place.  All the tables had roses that were wilted and the biscuits and gravy I ordered had cold biscuits :-(  After we pointed out that the biscuits were cold they were immediately replaced and the rest of the meal went off with out any problems.  I'd still eat here and recommend this place to anyone seeking a slower paced relaxing environment to eat breakfast in.  You come here to eat slow, enjoy your company, and eat great comfort food.  It is a family owned establishment so don't expect the same corporate hustle and bustle of a Cracker Barrel or any thing like that.
5	Fun. Amazing Breakfast. Perfect for families.  We love this place and hope it stays open!  If you are in the mood for something different and some home town style cooking ... then this is the place.The service has always been good, and they are very friendly.
5	Great little family run eats.  Stays in spirit of small town America.  It's a perfect fit for queen creek.  Hoping as more big box stores and chains move in that they continue thier success.
5	I tried this place this morning while baby sitting my two nieces and grandma. I have seen the movie Hotels for Dogs about 47 times in the past two days, and the girls were starting it over. SO I needed to get everyone out before I went crazy. That being said, we found this place on yelp. The food was super yummy- their bacon is thick and delicious and sausage was sooooo good. It almost seems like they made the sausage themselves. The kids had the french toast- they said they liked ihop's better but i tasted theirs and they don't know what they are talking about. Recipe's french toast is tasty! Way tastier than ihop's. and they earned their 5th star bc they don't usually do car curbside orders but when I asked they were more than accommodating. (I had grandma and it takes her 45 minutes to get in and out of the car) I will tell my sister to go back for sure! They have these vanilla cinnamon pancakes that sound amazing- next time!
3	When this place first opened, it was great and probably worthy of 5 stars.  The last few times we've been it was good enough to satisfy a breakfast craving, but nothing special.  Service is a bit slow at times and we've been having bad luck with the potatoes coming out half burnt.  You'd think that for a breakfast place, they would have a good selection of juices, but you only get the choice of apple or orange (at least the times we've been there it was that way).  Overall, it's decent and fills a void in the area.  If you want breakfast or home cooking in the Queen Creek area, this is probably the best choice but don't expect anything spectacular.
3	Isn't it funny how the prospect of good food can get someone to drive all the way from Downtown Phoenix to Queen Creek on an empty stomach?  I'm amazed I didn't kill someone on a low blood sugar rage!  While on winter break, the husband and I were determined to try lots of new places and this one was on my bookmark list.  We were already going out to the EV so my Gma could teach me to use my new sewing machine, so this seemed like a logical idea at the time.We drove and drove and drove and drove and finally arrived at this cute little restaurant.  I liked the down home feeling of all the mismatched tables and chairs and it felt like a comfortable place to be... until the babies started screaming.  I took a few deep breaths and reminded myself what part of town I was in and tried to block it out.  The Crunchy Bourbon French Toast is what got me out here in the first place, so I didn't need to look at the menu long.  I also got some bacon with it, yum!   The bacon was good and salty but a tad overcooked for my taste, but my fault for not specifying.  The French Toast was an excellent idea in theory but the execution just wasn't there.  The crunchies should be on both sides and the bread should really get covered in them so the maximum amount stays on during the grilling process.  Since they were only on one side, it should really be served crunchy side up.  After just a few moments the crunchies got soggy on my french toast and I really hate soggy cereal.  It did taste good though, the flavor is definitely there.  I will most likely not be back mostly due to the fact that it's like a million miles away, but I would be willing to give it another shot.  I think I might even try making my own version of crunchy french toast at home!
2	I'm sorry but no.  This place was not good.  It was tolerable and probably amazing for the people who live out here and eat dust all day but for those of us who like to consume something good for breakfast - this was a fail.  I ordered the "crispy" french toast.  Seemed like the greatest thing ever.  It's supposed to have the toast coated in frosted flakes.  Sounds great.  You'd imagine crunchy and sweet combined with the soft and slightly bitter toast making for a perfect combo - especially when syrup is added.  Unfortunately, I had to seek out the frosted flakes.  They were nowhere to be seen.  Then I turned the bread over and found where they were hiding.  Yup, under the soft, hot, moist bread.  Guess what wasn't crispy anymore?  Yup, you guessed it.  Combine that with poorly cooked french toast and cheap nasty syrup and I was not happy.This was a really disappointing breakfast and as much as I like to support little "family" establishment, I will not be going back here.
2	So, I am going to have to agree with Glenn. This place was mediocre at best. I ordered the breakfast bowl which had scrambled eggs, sausage and should have come with a potato cake on top. When my order came, I was totally caught off guard it looked like something I made at home served in a bowl from the thrift shop .. Gross! The potato cake was no where to be found, about 10 min later my potato cake showed up .. I am all about supporting the local businesses but they need some definate improvements!!
5	I'm sorry for some of the experiences my fellow Yelpers had, but just checked out this place again and it was pretty amazing. The owner was there, and the place was pact. Service was fast and I never felt we were let down. Almost gave them 4 stars this time because of portion size for the money paid. If I am gonna pay 10+ $$ per plate, the food needs to be falling off the plate (especially breakfast). But this food was well prepared this morning, so that is a huge plus. I had the down south bisquits and gravy with a side of home style potatoes (much better then the potatoe cakes FYI). Everyone else had either pancakes, stuffed French toast, bacon, eggs and fruit and loved it. I am not a huge fan of cinnamon, so I don't like their pancakes, but if you do, then you will love then.  (my son does) Every time I have went for breakfast it's been good, so I'm sorry to those that have had bad experiences, but I'd urge you to try them again.
2	Service was poor at best meaning it takes a lot of time to get the food out of the kitchen (25 minutes) our server was doing his best and he was good. When we walked in there they had a few customers at first then was crowded later. We had pancakes, and French toast both with bacon, the restaurant al carte you  alot our price out the door $ 20,00 for two. The restaurant pushes every thing onto a small plate to make it look like you're getting a lot but the portion are small. Very disappointed in kitchen service, food quality, and price. We could have had better food and service from another place.PS- The cook should stay off of his cell and worry about cooking for the customers.*** I am still trying to understand why this restaurant think it can charge high prices here in the desert.
3	Great local country atmosphere. Very down home and simple. Food was good though they forgot the cheese on my eggs    . We'll be back if only because it is hard to find any family friendly breakfast joints in QC.
4	i literally can walk to this place from my house. but my boyfriend and i drove. after a night of lots of drinking we were craving good breakfast food. and being very hungover this place definitely hit the spot! lol. we went on a sunday at like 10-11am and we were the only ppl there for a while then ppl started to show up. but the food was good, and the waitress was nice and prob knew that we were really hungover. lol
3	We have passed by this place a million times on our way to Sushi Creek and finally this morning found some time to stop.  First impression was the place was very clean and after seating ourselves we ordered, Denver omlet and some kind of breakfast bowl.  Food was good, service was very good.  Waiter made sure drinks were refilled and food was to our liking.
1	Hair in my food, food was burnt (over fried chicken tenders).I got really grossed out by the cooked hair in my chicken, I will never go back.The server kid was clueless and the place looked very homeade, I know that is the point but not nice homeade like junk thrown around and like I said he burnt the food and tossed in a gross burnt, cooked hair!!!GROSS, I WISH  I COULD GIVE 0 STARS!!!
1	We went to recipes for breakfast today(8/15/10 Sunday). Food was below average, service was a little slow. To top it off, toward the end of out meal, i got up to take out son to the restroom. While up they cleared our table, even though myself and my son were not finished eating. I still had a diaper bag, cell phone and keys on the table. It was obvious we were coming back. This angered me greatly as i told my son he had to eat all of his food before we left. I complained about it however they didn't seem to care much. There were other empty tables so I do not see what the rush was to get us out the door.Note** review date says 10/15.. it was actually 8/15 just noticed that I never fully submitted.
1	Finally this place close for business. It was not a good place to eat and it go to show it.
2	Ate here again this morning, and again got something slightly different than what I ordered. The food is mediocre at best, and the service leaves much to be desired.
