5	Don and the team at Soundwerks are the best! They custom installed XM into my car.. oh they treated my car like it was there own! You cant see any wires or the XM antenna.. Don is a great communicator and is upfront about how long it will take and how much it will cost you. They also custom installed a Pioneer Nav system into the Mr's vehicle.. they did what the dealer said couldn't be done.. it looks awesome!! I cant give a price range because it just depends on what you want.. this is custom audio which is very cool!! Just remember you get what you pay for!
5	Don and his team were at it again! This time it was another phase of awesomeness on my Cooper! They installed a custom bass unit that looks completely factory.. the sound is completely amazing and you would have thought that it came off the line with this system already installed.Another great job, woohoo!!
1	I was referred to this place by a car-guy pal of mine. I needed new speakers for my SUV. I left my car there on a Saturday for a few hours to have them diagnose the issue. The owner (Don?) told me he'd have to get the speakers from LandRover and that'd he'd call me later in the week to arrange install. A week later, I called Don. He apologized for forgetting me. "I'll call you in a few days" he said. Never heard from him again. Thanks Don! I guess you didn't need my business. LandRover kept it. Oh, and I just bought a MINI Cooper Convertible - too bad you won't be working on it either.
5	My only review on Yelp....is just to say what an awesome experience I had at this place. Don was so friendly and helpful - he took the initiative to run to another store to pick up parts I needed that I forgot to bring in myself! Now that is going above and beyond and definitely deserves my endorsement and future business. I recommend this place like bottled water in Mexico.
5	I cannot convey how happy I was with my experience at Soundwerks.  I have had quite a few professional installs before and I must say Don and his team are head and shoulders above the rest.  Don and his staff are both friendly and knowledgeable, far exceeding my expectations.  They did amazing work on my G35 with the up most attention to detail and client satisfaction.  I will definitely be referring him to all my friends and family.
5	I needed an after market Sirius taken out of my old car and installed on a new vehicle. Don made sure to fit me in quickly and take care of the process. I know it must've been a quick and easy job, seeing as how they do custom installs on high end cars and do custom speaker and audio installs. However, just because my job was a "normal" one, doesn't mean i don't appreciate how quickly and professionally they took care of me. the place is small, nestled b/t Flicka's and another auto store, but there work, judging by the photos on the wall, is huge. if i ever need to (or have the cash) to get my truck tricked out, i would definitely go back to Soundwerks.
5	I've been searching a long time for a shop that I trusted enough to work on my vintage Porsche.  From our first meeting I knew Don understood exactly what I wanted done.  Based on the swanky rides coming through his shop, my car was small potatoes, but Don treats every customer like gold.  So, I had several original speakers rebuilt, and an iPod adapter put in, and my system sounds fantastic now!  I am so pleased.  If you're considering stereo work - go to Soundwerks on Scottsdale, they really care about you being a happy client!
5	Don knows how to treat a customer.  Outstanding customer service and products are the best.  Honest, reliable and trustworthy.  I agree with the other post that rate this business 5 stars.  I will not take my vehicle any place else.
5	To preface, I own an production company for events- part of our services is large scale sound for concerts. So I like to think I know a thing or two about sound.I found Soundwerks after a bunch of hours of research, and he had a ton of great reviews, and man do they deserve it. First, when I walked in I did not feel pressured to buy at all. I never felt like I was being up sold. Don was insanely knowledgable and was willing to explain why he thought a certain system would be a good choice. The pricing was pretty competitive and Don was even willing to price match. He explained that he would build the system he recommends as close to my budget, and then show the difference between that and a system that fits in my budget. He took the time to compare the units to me as well.I took my car in and the entire install took about 2 days (I did a full re-haul). Don said he would be willing to help arrange for a rides to and from the shop, or I could rent a discounted car at the Enterprise next door. When I got my car back I was blown away. It was super clean sounding, and his team did an impecable job making my car look perfect. They went above and beyond to make things like the subs look perfect, and what would normally cost extra, he threw in for free. Amazing work.Overall, Don made me feel like a lifetime customer (he remembered me every time I walked into the shop) and was genuinely interested in my life and what I did, not just the money I was spending. Soundwerks has made me a lifetime customer.
5	Wish I went here first. Don was professional and very technically competent. After a bad experience with AudioExpress in Scottsdale, I went to Don at SoundWerks. He listened to what my complaints were about my newly installed radio, gave a quick assessment of what he thought was going on, then said that he'd fix it and it wouldn't be a problem at all. Turns out, he was right on target and my radio now works not only like a champ, but exceeded my original expectations. Don is a true professional and he knows his craft. I'd recommend him to anyone without hesitation and I'll be going back to him for any car radio installations or problems in the future.
5	Simply Awesome Service and Customer Care at a great price. Don's Shop is the best!
5	Had a manufacturer/equipment issue... Don jumped right on in it and took care of it immediately. Amazing how patient and accommodating for customers he is! Super Recommend Soundwerks for anything...
5	I have recently had them put in an alarm in my truck and as expected they did a great job. More importantly I had them install a new stereo in my travel trailer. All they had to work with was a big square hole. They fabricated an oak board complete with a little cubby hole to put your iPod or something in . They did a fantastic job, it looks great, and I will refer them too many of my friends and clients.
5	I can not speak highly enough of the business and it's owner.My experiences elsewhere were sorely lacking.I later twice went to Soundwerks getting a superb upgrade and then a second.That was a number of years back.The owner took the time to listen to my music in my car and also hear what I said.The pricing is a great value. The products,  workmanship and subsequent years of enjoyment are great! Take a look at their gorgeous website. It will show their exceptional and varied abilities.Music is a passion for me. My likes are varied to an extreme.While I play the system flat it reproduces what ever is in the recording.Years later I was in a store. Someone said hello to me using my "nick name"It was Don Ciardullo. His name and Soundwerks are well worth your rembering.
5	The CD player in my car was not working and I took it in, expecting to pay many hundreds of dollars. The technician took it in the back, spent a few minutes looking, and said there was nothing the matter with it. It absolutely had not been working when I took it in, but it has been working ever since. They never charged me a dime! Such honesty is rare these days.
5	I may update this after tomorrow when I go back there to have them repair the damage they did to my dashboard....but they will certainly need to earn it!Here's the story...Yesterday I called to have them repair the navigation system in my Lexus is350.  Don, the owner was courteous and was able to get me in the same day I called.  This place is 30 minutes away from me (and I'm visiting from out of state) so I drove right over and made special arrangements to get a ride since they needed to keep my car for several hours.  When I picked up my car, they charged me $525 for labor...ok....but then $26.25 for MISC....I have no idea what that was for, plus tax too!  I didn't say anything about the extra charge but when I got in my car I was rather annoyed by them not understanding that you return a car the way you found it.  Had to reset the clock, change my radio station from BLARING RAP back to country, turn off the a/c seat they had on high (I don't use it), and hunt for my phone charger they took out.  Any one or two of those things is no big deal but I believe in a service industry you leave other people's property at least how you found it!But here is the REAL issue....they damaged my dashboard with a huge gash and never said a word!  I'll post a picture.I called them and then turned right around and returned to the store.  Don was very pleasant and said this happens all the time....SO BE AWARE.  He made arrangements for me to come back on Friday to have it repaired. But he made no other concessions. Now I'm having to take another day out of my five day trip here in Phoenix and pay the gas to drive 30 minutes out of my way and back again in order for them to fix the damage they did to my car!!!!FAIL!!! :(((((((****UPDATE!!!! I was unable to go back to  Scottsdale for the repair, as it did not fit into my tight schedule.  Another Yelper messaged me to tell me to "dispute" the charge on my credit card so I did.  Don contacted me and, as consistent as he had been, he was pleasant and respectful and eager to resolve the issue even though me and my car were now in the Bay Area.  And to his credit, he did everything right...he never got angry, he arranged with Marin Lexus to remove the navigation system again, he arranged for a reputable repairman to travel from Sacramento to Marin to do the repair and he followed-up with me.  I understand that things can go wrong in every business.  I also very much appreciate when a business owner handles those problems fairly and kindly.  Five star update!WIN :)))))
5	****UPDATE!!!! (Sept 2014) I was unable to go back to  Scottsdale for the repair, as it did not fit into my tight schedule.  Another Yelper messaged me to tell me to "dispute" the charge on my credit card so I did.  Don contacted me and, as consistent as he had been, he was pleasant and respectful and eager to resolve the issue even though me and my car were now in the Bay Area.  And to his credit, he did everything right...he never got angry, he arranged with Marin Lexus to remove the navigation system again, he arranged for a reputable repairman to travel from Sacramento to Marin to do the repair and he followed-up with me.  I understand that things can go wrong in every business.  I also very much appreciate when a business owner handles those problems fairly and kindly.  FIVE STARS EARNED - WIN :)))))PREVIOUS REVIEW posted July 2014...I may update this after tomorrow when I go back there to have them repair the damage they did to my dashboard....but they will certainly need to earn it!Here's the story...Yesterday (July 2014) I called to have them repair the navigation system in my Lexus is350.  Don, the owner was courteous and was able to get me in the same day I called.  This place is 30 minutes away from me (and I'm visiting from out of state) so I drove right over and made special arrangements to get a ride since they needed to keep my car for several hours.  When I picked up my car, they charged me $525 for labor...ok....but then $26.25 for MISC....I have no idea what that was for, plus tax too!  I didn't say anything about the extra charge but when I got in my car I was rather annoyed by them not understanding that you return a car the way you found it.  Had to reset the clock, change my radio station from BLARING RAP back to country, turn off the a/c seat they had on high (I don't use it), and hunt for my phone charger they took out.  Any one or two of those things is no big deal but I believe in a service industry you leave other people's property at least how you found it!But here is the REAL issue....they damaged my dashboard with a huge gash and never said a word!  I'll post a picture.I called them and then turned right around and returned to the store.  Don was very pleasant and said this happens all the time....SO BE AWARE.  He made arrangements for me to come back on Friday to have it repaired. But he made no other concessions. Now I'm having to take another day out of my five day trip here in Phoenix and pay the gas to drive 30 minutes out of my way and back again in order for them to fix the damage they did to my car!!!!FAIL!!! :(((((((
5	Best customer service and knowledgeable staff around! This place is number one for any audio needs, hands down. 10 stars!
5	Was referred to Don at Soundwerks by Jack at Stuttgart Southwest Bodyshop.  Wanted to add handsfree to my 2006 Porsche Cayenne.  Don quickly assessed my options and suggested the Pioneer 4000NeX with CarPlay.  Also added an integrated backup camera.When I arrived to pick up my car, Don gave me a tutorial and I was on my way.  I am very pleased with their work.  They did what they said they were going to do.   I highly recommend Soundwerks.  Good job Don!Thanks,Michael
5	Don has always made it work. He is a miracle man with absolutely great advice.
5	WOW! what more can i say? went in to talk with don at the shop and he was more than helpful. Don helped me stay within budget for some new bass in my 2010 lancer and i could not be more happy that i went with soundwerks! he mounted and tuned my amp with my new rockford p3 sub and had my setup sounding unbelievable! crisp, loud, and everything in between! THUMBS UP! A+++++ if you are debating giving soundwerks your business.....dont even hesitate....they are the best, hands down, and will help in any way they can! =)signed, a very happy customer
