5	The staff is always pleasant to work with, the prices are very reasonable, and my dog comes home clean and happy.  I like that they allow the dogs to roam when they're not being groomed, last time I picked up my pup he was having a great time just hanging out with one of the groomers "supervising" the work she was doing on another dog that was there.Most of the dogs seem of the smaller "Scottsdale-ish" variety, but the staff didn't flinch when I brought my 80+ lb Pyrenees mix.
5	Before I found Canine Preferred my dog Ozzie (large Lhasa Apso) was so scared to be taken to the groomers he would shake for quite a while before and after the experience. I kept trying different places in hopes of finding a groomer that would make him happy and beautiful.I found both with Canine Preferred. They take such loving care of Oz that he is always excited when the time comes to go and he is never in a hurry to leave. I can't tell you how wonderful it is to drop him off knowing he is safe and happy. All of the staff is caring and extremely good at grooming. I started taking Ozzie to Canine when he was 2. He is now 15 years old and they continue to make him look so beautiful. I also use them whenever we go out of town and I never have to worry about my sweet dog - he loves it there!Thank you Diane (the owner) and Sarah Louise (Ozzie's groomer) for taking such loving care of my dog. It is greatly appreciated.
1	I think this grooming business is one of the WORST places I have ever been to! I am a cosmetologist myself and deal with prices, costumers, and changes every day. I am always willing to please my clients and give them my service with a smile This place on the other hand is NOT! The owner and staff is absolutely unprofessional and rude. She and the people that work there have NO sense of costumer service or good business sense. We took our dogs there for the second time and went through the most unbelievably horrid experience. We drooped our two large dogs off at 8:30 am. Two hours later we received a phone call at 10:30am to let us know that our lab was done BUT the Akita was not. He was not done because the owner wanted to let me know that she was not going to honor the previous grooming price that was written on his card. She continued to tell me, with a nasty attitude that she was going to charge me more and if I didn't want to pay more than I could come pick up the dog. We decided that the business etiquette was so horrendous that we were going to pick them up. When we arrived at the shop..we were promptly told in our face that we were charged $50 last time..where they then showed us the amount charged as $50 on his client card. How can a business literally show us what they charged last time then argue that they were holding my dog hostage id we did not pay MORE? Who does that??Then AMAZINGLY owner and another worker attacked me verbally and laterally GOT IN MY FACE to block my way to leave. I absolutely cannot believe this place is in business. This was the absolute WORST place i have ever spent my hard earned money and i would N E V E R recommend anyone to EVER go there!
5	I have three king charles cavaliers so grooming can get expensive if I'm not careful. The prices here are very reasonable for basic grooming to getting them shaved down to just getting nails trimmed.I've even had my dogs stay the night there when I went out of town and they loved it. Always have good results and the staff has always treated us right. Definitely give this place a try!
4	Solid no-cage grooming location in Old Town.  I brought my miniature poodles in for a grooming, and was pleasantly greeted by the groomer and about a dozen dogs.  My dogs are extremely social, so I like that they got to play a little in between their clippings. Most importantly, Guinness and Stella looked fantastic when I picked them up! My only gripe is that they charged me $5 more per dog than any other groomer in the area. Regardless of the price, I'll still go back.
5	i can't say enough good things about this place.  Diane and both Sarahs as well as the rest of the staff have always done an outstanding job on our two brussell griffons.  We live in So. California but have a home in Scottsdale.  We are here every 4-6 weeks for a long weekend.  This is the only place we use to groom our dogs.  We love the fact that the dogs have time to interact with  other dogs without being confined to a cage.Marilyn B.
5	We brought our three dogs to Canine Preffered today for the first time.  We had a great experience from start to finish.  We have three dogs, a pug, a Min Pin Chihuahua mix and a Rottweiler.  We don't have problems with our small dogs, but have been given the cold shoulder by a few other groomers in the near by area because of our Rottie.  Big dogs are given a bad name before they are given a chance.  We are happy with our experience with Canine Preferred and look forward to them becoming our "regular" grooming spot.
5	Just took Mr. Poodle Pants (aka my standard poodle, Henri) to visit Canine Preferred.  The reviews on yelp prompted me in the door with my precious baby, and they were to be trusted!Amanda was patient, took time to discuss with me what I was looking for with regards to Henri and his look, and when I left the choice in her hands (based on his needs/hair length etc.) I was very pleased with the result.  He is clean, fluffy, handsome and happy.  The cage-free aspect of this grooming facility makes me happy.  Henri was clearly not stressed or anxious when I came to get him.  It's like he's been on a doggy play date, and happened to get clean and gorgeous at the same time.  So pleased to have found a groomer in Arizona!!!
5	I'm 'snowbirding' here in Scottsdale....my precious Yorkie, Vida had not been groomed since December.  She was in some serious need of some grooming.  Stumbled upon Canine Preferred via a flyer.  The reviews sounded great so we gave it a try.  Awesome place.  Everyone was super friendly and very chill.  Vida had a great time and looked great when I picked her up.  The cage-free is definitely a big bonus.
5	So there I was, on a Saturday morning, 8am looking for someone- anyone to take my mangy but adorable Yorkie Miley who was WAY overdue for her grooming/haircut.  I tried 5 other places that morning who were too busy, closing early or wanted her papers (which I didn't have on me at the time). I finally tried Canine Preferred, and they took her in right away, worked with my short timeframe, even had her done an hour earlier than anticipated.  When I came to pick her up, she looked better than she had from any other groomer I've taken to her.  I knew I found my new regular groomer. I was not charged any extra fees, in fact the fee was almost $10.00 less than the other places I was looking at. I won't be going anywhere else. Well done Canine Preferred, I am one happy customer!Tip- take cash, they did not accept atm when I went, so had to make a run to the bank.
5	I spent many years wasting my time and money going to PetSmart for grooming. Canine Preferred was recomended to me and I haven't turned back. I LOVE that the place is cage free and they do such an AMAZING job on my 12yr old siberian husky Nikita. At PetSmart I would have to bring her in later to get re-brushed - I never have that problem here, she looks beautiful and they always get all her under-coat out so she doesn't keep shedding after we get home. You can get in fast and they work with your schedule to drop off and pick up. I would recommend Canine Preferred to anyone who needs a great groomer!
5	We've been going here now for over a year, and the poodles love it.  As soon as we pull up to the building they get very excited, so I know that they are treated well  inside.  Something to note, they don't take credit cards, so you'll need to have cash on hand when you pick up the pups.
5	So here I am pet sitting my girlfriend's Yorkie Penelope while reading a Yelp review about another Yorkie named Miley.  I just had to call Canine Preferred to see if they could transform Penelope into the cutie pie I knew was lurking under her "Cousin It" crop of hair.Diane fit me in on a Saturday morning and the result speaks for itself! Review Penelope's before and after photos and tell me WHICH Yorkie YOU would want to cuddle.In short, Canine Preferred ROCKS!!! Thanks to Diane and her brilliant talent in transforming Penelope into the most adorable puppy...I might mention that Penelope is actually 8 years old yet she now looks like the most adorable puppy thanks to Diane's magical skills.
5	Took my pet for her first teeth cleaning today. WOW, the beautiful work done at Canine Preferred should be shouted from the rooftops! Where else can you find natural cleaning without any meds. All for only 85.00 and my pet now has the freshest breath imaginable. A special shout out to Mike Kintzer for his amazing work and anesthesia free teeth cleaning!
5	Yay! A quality facility that took excellent care of my dogs.  All of the right questions were asked when we dropped them off, leaving us feeling very good about leaving our pups in their care.  Both dogs seemed happy and stress free when we arrived to pick them up.  My bichon was groomed beautifully - not an easy task, I know!  I am so happy to have found such a great groomer so close to home.
5	Well to say I was speechless ( in a great way) is an understatement after being there 5 minutes. I have gone to many a groomer over the years, frequently never returning. I am always so stressed about how my girl is treated, as she is a 8 year old Goldie/chow with arthritis and 2 ACL surgeries. The moment I met Ryan, (who will be known as all my dogs groomer, from this time forward!)  I knew I was in the right place. I already have an appointment for 2 of my other pups. =)    The overall atmosphere is so chill, the groomers are all so talented and genuinely nice; and it is a cage free, facility!!!   Amazing place, thanks for what you do :)I will recommend to everyone I know.
5	This place is so wonderful. Very friendly staff who really care about the dogs and extremely reasonable price. Their grooming is also excellent. This was the only place I found that grooms my dog EXACTLY the way I explained it AND did it the SAME every time. The dogs are not crated, which I loved. I have taken my dog to many places before I found this place and it is the BEST one I have found.The customer service is WONDERFUL with REAL people. They know my fiance and I by name and know our dogs' names. When I called to make an appointment once I was even told congratulations on my engagement, which took me by surprise because I couldn't believe she knew me. The staff is very personal, which says a lot about the kind of people they are and their business.
5	Love love love this place.  Buddy is so happy when he comes to visit here weekly. This is his extended family and I am grateful for the care you take with Buddy.  I do my best to let everyone know about the care and love you all have for dogs.Thank you.
5	I'm very picky about people who care for those that I love. After just 1 visit, there is no hesitation in my mind that Canine Preferred deserves 5 stars! We just moved to a neighborhood and needed a new place to keep our Buddy looking good, so I went to Yelp! Sara was very accommodating to our schedule and took great care of Buddy. Often times Buddy shakes when I pick him up, but he was calm and happy when I picked him up. Sara cut him just as I asked so he can enjoy our "winter" here without being too hot. You could tell she took her time of his face which required a lot of patience (he turns his head when scissors come at his face).Their prices are reasonable, but I think my favorite part is that after the dogs are groomed, they just walk around and hang out with the groomers or they go into a room that's perfect for dogs-no cages! I will definitely be taking Buddy back and recommending Canine Preferred.
5	Macie is our 8 month old Yorkie baby. I am extraordinarily picky about anyone that groomers her in any way, even her nails. I have been too scared to get her clipped for several reasons; unsure the groomer would give me the desired look and nervous about leaving her anywhere. I've never left her with a groomer where I did not stay the entire time and watch them. Diane at Canine Preferred in Scottsdale, AZ changed all of that. I did my research about their location (and many others in the Scottsdale area) prior to my final selection - I was pleased with her reviews, experience level and appreciated she is a no kennel facility. When discussing the grooming process with her she was very confident and made me feel secure about her abilities and the safety of Macie being in her care. When I returned to pick up Macie I was literally shocked! My baby looked amazing! :) I was SO pleased that she has the freedom to play with the other dogs and had the exact cut from the picture I showed Diane. We are officially repeat customers!
5	We have been taking our Goldendoodle, Daisy to Canine Preferred for 6 years and we couldn't be happier! They take very good care of her and Daisy loves to go get beautified. We have never had a bad experience and we appreciate the love and attention they give to Daisy.
5	Opie was in to visit Ryan and absolutely love him.  Opie got a great clip and bath and had so much fun, he is a very happy and beautiful little Havanese now.  We will be back for sure.
5	Called in to see if there are any openings for same day service and was advised to come on in. Decided to get my lil guy Rocky a bath his nails grinder trim and a de shedding treatment. Was advised that there were two dogs ahead of him which was no biggie since he got to play with other dogs which he LOVED!!Came back for him once I got a call and he was the happiest dog ever he also looked and smelled so good! He's also extra soft. Love this place will def. bring him back to these lovely ladies.
5	my girls were in DESPERATE need of some TLC!!! the staff @ canine preferred were PHENOMENAL!!! i can't say enough!!!. never mind that i have the best dogs ever (biased), but iwas able to get an appt on sat & they called me to caome EARLY when they had an opening!!!!  hands down... my "girls" will be going back!!!  thank you canine preferred!!!!
5	I was visiting my son attending a nearby college and our timeshare did not allow pets. My dog is a playful, friendly, and loving member of my family and the first experience (located in San Jose) was not as I had hoped for.  I knew I preferred cage free and I decided to entrust Canine Preferred with my pup.   Thank you, thank you, thank you!  They bathed her, cut her nails, and she was a tired and happy, dog when I picked her up.  I appreciate the attentiveness of the staff and so does my dog.  I will board her here Everytime  I visit my son in AZ.  Thank you!
5	Love, love, love this place! I have been bringing my dogs to Diane and Sarah at Canine Preferred for 15 years and they are ABSOLUTELY without a doubt, the best! I took my 16 year old Bichon Frise in today (for his birthday) and when I picked him up, he looked like he was 5.  I can't say enough great things about them, as well as the other ladies (and gentlemen) who work here. Besides caring for my dogs as if they were their own and giving them perfect cuts ( sometimes boarding) this shop has the most positive energy with many happy dogs running around and at least one excited "greeter" always pops its head up at the counter to say hello. I truly look forward to bringing my dogs in and more importantly, Bailey, Tiki and Stuart love it here and without fail, always come home looking their best and with smiles.I moved away for a few years and now live here  part time, so I find it really disappointing when Im forced to take my dogs elsewhere. I truly adore these ladies and highly recommend them.
5	I love Canine Preferred.  I have a small Poodle mix and i had taken her to many groomers, and i was not happy with the results, and i was not a big fan of her being in a kennel.  I heard of Canine Preferred through a friend at work and she gave me a card, so i said what the heck.  It couldn't be as bad as some haircuts she has gotten.  I went to drop her off and i immediately noticed the dogs freely walking around and playing.  I asked if there were kennels, they replied that they were cage free.  I was so happy!  When they called me to pick her up i was nervous.  I walked through the door and saw her, it was such a dramatic difference.  She looked wonderful. This was the best haircut she had ever had!  She was so happy when i picked her up.  I never seen my little girl look so beautiful!! This is my new groomer for Lola.  I am very happy with Canine Preferred.
5	I love taking Bailey to them they do such a great job every time! She loves going there and always looks so good when I pick her up. I'll never take her anywhere else
5	I couldn't be happier with Canine Perferred. My dog is a bit of a handful and is probably not their favorite client. However, every time I bring him in they remember him and are excited to see him. Not only that but they do an amazing job and he always comes out looking great! Not only are they great groomers but Bruzer has also stayed there several times while I have been away. They have a living room area for the dogs to hang out and play with the other dogs during the day so they are not locked up. Again I am not sure if Bruzer is ready to leave when I pick him up, He love it there!
5	The moment I walked into Canine Preferred, I fell in love! They let the dogs run around and play Instead of locking them in cages. My dog, Shep, loved it! The owner, Diane is awesome, the grooming staff is really good with the dogs and the prices are very reasonable - Shep is a 60lb Blue Tick Coonhound and other places were going to charge me $60, but they charged $35 for the whole kit and kaboodle! I will definitely be making Canine Preferred my permanent groomer! Just a heads up - they only take cash or check, no charge.
1	BOOOOO! They ruined my dogs hair. Scalped him and he wasn't even matted. So unhappy I cant even tell you. The first time I went there it wasn't bad but the second time I went - well, let me put it to you this way, someone thought my dog was a poodle and he is a havanese. He was so pissed off because he knew his hair looked horrible. They were NOT even close!!!!!!! Don't go here and it smells. Plus, it is expensive.
1	Called today and they only board toy dogs. My puppy is only 15 pounds and was denied since "she didn't know him." sweetest puppy ever and very well trained, but probably discriminated against because he's part pitbull. i understand their concerns since it is cage free but even with hopes to have him groomed there it was said that only toy dogs were groomed. So I don't believe that "getting to know my dog" was ever even an option.
5	Absolutely the best dog grooming shop I've ever been to.  Sarah is an artist who must actually be able to speak to the dogs, she manages my demon with ease.  Diane is easy to work with and they always make time for my last minute appointments. Best shop in town, I will continue to use them exclus9aa I have for over ten years.
5	Called at 12 and they got me in. Went about my day and picked up my dog a few minutes after they were closed. The lady had no problem staying just a few minutes late. My dog was so happy. When she gets groomed she is normally completely shaken up and has accidents for days. At canine preferred she wasn't even shaky when I got there she loved it so much! So accommodating and such nice staff.
5	I have been taking my Roscoe, a poodle mix rescue there for three years.  He was nervous at first as he had been abused.  But with Ryan's loving touch he has enjoyed being groomed.  I also boarded Roscoe there for Two weeks last month and he had so much fun that he did  not want to come home!  Diane, Neal and their crew are just GREAT!  They are the BEST!
5	I've been taking my sensitive little dog to Canine Preferred for over a year.  When I first brought her in she was so frightened and shaking.  But that changed with the way they handled her.  They do a great job.
5	I've been taking my dogs to Diane at Canine Preferred for about 9 years.  All of the staff are good to my kids and they have patiently put up with my "low maintence" grooming routines in between visits. I'm sure it makes their job harder but no one complains.  My older dog has been treated with genuine care and gentle hands even though he would love to bite them. He doesn't like to be touched.  He's 15 so they cut him a lot of slack and use a muzzle. Lol. Anyone who loves their dogs will love Diane and Canine Preferred
5	We love Canine Preferred and can't say enough wonderful things about them.    Diane the owner is so sweet and takes a personal interest in her clients, both human and canine.  We found Canine Preferred after complimenting a couple of different people on their dogs' hair cuts over 12 years ago.  We've taken our now 14 year old shih tzus there every 6 weeks ever since, even after we moved farther north and it was less convenient.  The quality of the grooming, the personal service and the safe environment continues to be worth the drive.  Our boy dog has had a couple of different groomers over the years but always gets a perfect cut and is excited to go.  They really listen to what we want!  Our girl dog is a rescue and still very timid and quirky.  Sara has always been her groomer; she is so kind & gentle with her.  The environment is cage free.  Dogs that like to and are safe to do so, are able to walk around and socialize.  Dogs that prefer their own space get their own little spot and have a leash to keep them in place.  Our appointment times are respected and we get a call as soon as they are ready to be picked up.  In their younger years, our dogs loved to go and socialize.  Now that they are older, one still loves to socialize and the other likes her personal space.  Both personalities are honored and respected.    We wouldn't trust anyone else to groom our furry kids.
5	I have been going to Canine Preferred, for years.    First, with Samantha, my now passed min. poodle, and my new little Lovesong, 4, that is part pekinese, poodle, and pomeranian.   She is 7 lbs, and she is a love.We drive about 27 miles, to get her groomed, (one way) and have always been so pleased with their work and handling of the dogs.   Lovesong, even tho little, is down on the floor with all the other dogs, when pick her up.   They all seem so happy.She shook all the way, the first time she was groomed, because her previous owner, groomed her at home.  Now, I just tell her she is going to get her bath, andshe is perfectly fine.   Always eager to go inside.All of the people that work on the dogs are wonderful.  They do what you ask, and are always pleasant.   Diane and her husband, are so down to earth, pleasant, and treat everyone so nicely.  It's obvious, this is not just a job, they LOVE their guests.It is such a good feeling, when you can leave your other half at the groomer, and know, she is in good hands and happy.  Thank you Canine Preferred.Barb Caniglia
5	I have been taking my dog to Canine Preferred for over 6 years.  I truly believe they are the best groomer in town.  My dog has really difficult hair to cut and usually ends up looking like a rat but Sara Neely makes her look like a precious teddy bear every time.  She always goes out of her way to make sure we are happy.  My little dog is usually scared to have me leave her with anyone but she almost jumps out of my arms she is so excited to see Sara.  She is also so happy when I pick her up so I know that she was well taken care of.  Everyone at Canine Preferred is great about getting you scheduled when it works for you.  They have even stayed late or came in early when I really needed them too.  I could not ask for more in a groomer.  We love Canine Preferred!
5	Love this place!  They are so great with my rescue, Winston. He suffers from terrible separation anxiety and when I have to board him its the only place I'll take him. They are great groomers too!  He always looks adorable when they groom him.
5	I'm finally get around to leaving a much deserved review! I found this place via Yelp when I was searching for a Boarding facility for my little Chihuahua mixed pup Mia during thanksgiving holiday. My dog has never been boarded and she has anxiety so obviously I am going to be picky about where I leave her.Anyways, I went in and checked the place out and spoke w the owner. She's very nice. I liked this place because not only do they only board small dogs (sorry big dogs) but they have cage free doggie day care during the day which means Mia got to interact and play with other dogs and not be locked up during day time business hours!She spent 4 nights here and was perfectly fine when I got home. She's been back since for a bath and cleaning! They only take cash or check which is a huge pain but I suppose it's worth it for my spoiled Dog-ter! ;)
5	We recently moved from San Antonio Texas to Phoenix Arizona and was in the market for a new groomer for our two Yorkie boys! Since I am very picky about my boys haircut, I explain exactly how I want their hair to look like and they totally get it! Am I glad to find this place! Excellent professional job! When I went to pick the boys up, they were roaming free socializing with other doggies! I just love the fact that they were not locked up in the crate! Look no further! These ladies know their work! We will definitely be back! Five star all the way!
5	I've been bringing my dog Buddy here for almost two years and this has become his second home. He absolutely loves going here and spending the day with his 'pals'.  He is treated royally every time.I have referred my friends here as well and they love bringing their pets here as well.I highly recommend their grooming and day care services.This is based on my experience with them.Love them. Thanks Diane for taking such good care of Buddy.
