2	They campus-ified the champaign kofusion.  There is a build your own stir fry, a 6 piece $ sushi sampler, build your own sushi and 3-4 sushi rolls. The restaurant is very casual - you go to the counter to order, get a number for your table and they will bring the food out to you.  Speaking of casual the music is very weird - distractingly so.Honestly, it is too expensive for what it is.  I had the tempura ($10) and it was more deep fried than tempura.  The $ sushi sampler was okay, but will get worn very fast (a little like the champaign $ sushi that gets boring after a while) and the sushi roll was more mayo than fish for $14.All in all not worth the time or price.
3	It's decent, but don't go there expecting it to be like the downtown location.  The dollar sushi was decent--not great, but great sushi is hard to come by on campus.  I also had one of the stir-frys, which I was more satisfied by--the spicy sauce had a nice kick to it and the vegetables were very fresh.  I would go back, but it's dealing with a weird middle ground between budget sushi and upscale "downtown" sushi, and I'm not sure that's going to be viable for them long-term.
4	If I could I would give three and a half stars but I'm gonna bump it to four since they just opened. I think with the lack or marketing it was confusing when the new spot opened but it was the express version. This place has a completely different feel from the one downtown which is fine. I like that it's quick and I don't feel weird eating alone between classes because everyone else is doing the same. Sushi was good. Nothing amazing I only got cooked seafood so I can't say on freshness of the fish. However their set up for cooking is going to lose them money. I ordered three BIG roll pieces and I watched him pull them out from under a heat lamp. Obviously they have to make the whole roll and not waste money but I don't want to see that process.  Not the chefs fault just the layout.  Maybe once it's consistently busy that won't happen as much but definitely takes away from the idea of fresh sushi. But I still ate it and it didn't taste dried out so I can't really complain. It's a clear your own plates place or its implied with the dirty bins out next to the trash which I hate but whatever everyone does it. This is a quick place for sushi and I think the pros out weight the cons. If you want a more sit down experience go downtown.
5	Great scaled back version of the downtown Champaign location.  I love that the big rolls are $1 each and every day, I'm jealous that this was not on campus when I was a student.  Despite not having all the glitz of the original, the service was excellent and staff is super friendly.
4	Ko Fusion is for the students and by the students. It's conveniently located right next to an apartment complex on campus and its employees are composed of college students. The whole environment exudes a very simple and clean style. The food is quite fantastic. The stir fry is superb and the sushi is delicious. Its major fault is that it's definitely too expensive. The specialty rolls go from $13-$15 for 8 rolls and the rolls are smaller than other sushi places. However, they have a unique "create your own sushi" menu item for $9 for 8 rolls. This place would be perfect if the main entrees were $2 cheaper.
4	Excellent sushi, really good bold and fresh flavors. I had the Chicago roll and it was awesome. They were also very generous with the sauce. Although as to be expected, it was quite pricey, and they did forget to serve the ginger. Nevertheless it was a good meal and i will be coming back.
5	From friendly, quick, and efficient customer service to delicious food, KoFusion brings a lot to the table in the sushi bar industry. On top, most of the staff are college students, creating a very comfortable, student-friendly aura. Highly recommend!
3	Server was nice, food was good. The ok rating is because the Sushi was good but stupid priced, hay it's not Downtown Chicago or New York $3.50 for 1 very small piece of Tuna is insulting. Good food bring your wallet.
4	I absolutely love this place! Best sushi in town! I'm not a big fish eater but they make such unique sushi...hot and cold.. That has broadened my taste buds! Also love their lunch buffets! It is affordable and you can taste something else rather than just the sushi!
