5	Took my dog Tally, a corgi prone to shedding, to visit Melody yesterday and was extremely satisfied by the great grooming job she did. It's a zoo in there... and that's a compliment. There are dogs everywhere, which is great because she doesn't cage the critters after they are groomed, awaiting pick up! Her pricing was as good or better than the big box pet stores and the service and quality were far superior! Definitely will return there!
1	I have been here twice. The first time I set an appointment days in advance and as I arrived there was another person who set the appointment that day and their dog was taken first. I specificalIy asked and was told by Robin who answered the phone that there would be no other dogs there at the time of my appointment. Needless to say, there were several other dogs. Four hours later my dog was ready to go home.The bath seemed good, so disregarding my gut, I tried this place again, knowing there would be other dogs and it would take some time. My dog did not want to go inside at all and kept trying to leave, which is not a good sign. I was told by Melody that it was all in my head that the dog wanted to leave. It was supposedly me that was puttting those thoughts into my dog's head. Against my better judgement, I left my dog to get a haircut with specific instructions on what to cut and not cut. When I returned, they had completlely ignored my request. I even had unsolicited comments from others about how uneven his haircut was this time. I will not be going back to this dog salon as I feel this place is an unorganized disaster.
5	Mel is great. She's compassionate, and will take great care of your four-legged loves. I have a lab, so I'm not picky about her having a perfectly prissy cut, but I know she always has a ball when I take her here. There always seems to be poodles and malteses and labradoodles here, so I'm certain she specializes in fuzzy breeds. But needless to say, my dog and I always leave happy!
1	I brought my cat there today to be shaved. I made the apt for 1:30. When I got there I was told that the woman who was supposed to groom my cat was across the way getting her hair colored. Originally I was told I would just wait for my cat, but now that the groomer was getting her hair colored, I had to leave my cat there until 3:00.Now let me preface that my cat does not like to be groomed, to be fair. BUT when I got there, 2 other gals had my cat pinned down. My cats nail was bleeding because it was cut too short, and she had 3 other cuts on her. The groomer was yelling at my cat to "CUT IT OUT" because she was trying to get loose. Well, anyone that knows cats would know yelling at them is pointless and only upsets them more.My cat then got very upset and peed on herself. My cat scratched or bit the groomer and she threw my cat in her cage, with one leg not even shaved, and said they were done. The groomer said she had to leave to get her hair color rinsed off (oh ya, I forgot to say all this was going on with the groomer having hair color on).When I dropped her off, I left specific instruction NOT to cut her face hair. I don't like how it looks like a pom-pom, but she did cut it that way. The other gal that works there said she had told her not to do it and she did it anyway.Needless to say, I will not bring my cat there again, I will bring her somewhere else to get her last leg shaved. It was so traumatic. For me and my cat.
1	I had taken my little girl here several times and had been very happy...happy enough to ask the owner about boarding while I was traveling. BUT, to my HORROR, the last experience was quite poor. Like I said, they usually did an amazing job, but this time they nicked my little dog's face and her private parts. The WORST thing about all of this is that they didn't tell me!! I understand that sometimes things happen, but I do not understand how they could not tell me. I had to find out by seeing my little girl's face and bottom bloodied and sore. I definitely DO NOT recommend this groomer and will never go back again.
5	I have been bringing my cat here for 2 years.  I have always had great experience and so has my cat.  Cats are difficult to deal with, and it is very hard to groom them.  I brought my cat here because I tried it myself and persian cats are very hard to groom.  I  will continue to bring my finicky persian here.  I also see that they do a great job on dog as well.  A Happy Customer....
