4	Great front desk people. They know their stuff. Doctor Mosharrafa really cares for his patients.
5	First...I have not completed this procedure yet with Dr. Ali Mosharrafa...that's tomorrow.  However, I still feel qualified to give a 5 star rating, even now, but I WILL certainly update my review post-op too.  The reason for this, is that I've been interviewing Plastic Surgeons since November.  A total of 11 of them in Phoenix, Scottsdale and San Francisco.  Some of the other Drs. included:  Dr. Chernoff, Dr. Meger, Dr. Nachbar, and Dr. Simmonds....these listed had the best ratings, reviews, certifications, etc.  I have actually met with Dr. Ali Mosharrafa three times (2 consulations and 1 pre-op).  From the moment he comes out to the waiting room to greet you personally, to the moment you walk out the door, you feel completely confident not only in his care and expertise, but in the professionalism of his entire staff.How many Drs take the time to really explain the good, the bad and the ugly?  He did not tout unrealistic expectations, nor did he (or his staff) try to "sell" me on doing this right away.  In fact, his overall concern for my well-being was his FIRST priority...at the risk of not going forward with the procedure now. Dr. Mosharrafa welcomes as many questions as you can throw at him.  He takes as much time as you need.  I'm confident in my choice of doctors and I hope that if anyone reading this, who is planning a rhinoplasty procedure, will check back for my post-op review and also not waste as much time as I did with consultations.  :)I'm looking forward to a new nose!  TBC
5	I did the procedure on Thursday and I'm VERY pleased with the results.  Bandages came off on Monday and there was minimal pain.  I was so happy that Dr. Mosharrafa does not "pack the nose" as I've heard that is the most difficult part of the procedure to deal with.  Having my nose drain onto a gauze is not only more comfortable but it just seems like a much more natural way for my nose to begin the healing process.  I experienced a post-op trauma on Sunday night.  (I got hit right in the face while still wearing the bandages).   I ended up calling Dr. Ali at midnight through tears and he was very considerate and reassuring.  When I saw him the next morning he again reassured me that it was best for me to have called and that he was there for ANY questions or concerns.  For bed-side manners...he gets and A+.  For skill and expertise A+.  For being a person that you just feel confident and trust in...A+.  I'm very happy with my new nose and my choice of Drs.  I would certainly recommend him to anyone!!
5	Their aestheticians are amazing.  If you're at that age where you're really not a candidate for a facelift then you really need to look into injectables and good skin care procedures.  I have to tell you that they are amazing at what they do.  The staff is wonderful and it's a beautiful, welcoming environment.  Michelle keeps me looking the best I can be.
