4	TM is a handy one-stop shop for all manner of household, clothing, foodstuffs, garden and patio, even games, travel items, and handy gadgets like you would find at Sharper Image. The store is indeed a cross between Sharper Image, Bed, Bath and Beyond, and say, like a Big Lots, only on a much smaller scale. I like ducking in here when I want to pick up a new pair of discount dress socks, and maybe a high-end discounted condiment, cooking utensil, stemware, bedding, cookbook, etc. You get the idea...a very eclectic, tasteful selection of goods, usually discounted from what you would buy it for at the aforementioned stores.
4	I'm a huge fan of Tuesday Morning. This is a great place to come to find last minuet gifts and cool affordable home goods!I've rushed in several times to grab a quick present for a baby shower or toy for a toddlers birthday they usually have a good selection of stuffed animals, and games for youngsters. Looking for a gift for your mother or father you can also count on finding something here. They have a whole section of candles, frames even clothing that your mothers would love and for your tech loving brother or father they are sure to have some cool gadgets that can make them smile. If you like to scrapbook and you haven't been in yet you need to get here ASAP they have everything ranging from a work desk to stickers, fun paper, crazy scissors and fun colored calligraphy pens! (I wish I had more time to scrapbook)  The prices here are very affordable and be sure to look for the yellow stickers noting their sale items (they also have a little section for sale stuff) The staff is okay there's a few employees who are over the top nice and then you have those who don't even greet you when you walk in. Check out Tuesday morning!! I'm sure you will find something for everyone in the family... and don't forget to buy yourself two gifts... you deserve it :)
4	My first experience at Tuesday morning was better than I imagined. I just moved to the neighborhood so I walked over to check out the store. I ended up leaving with two big bags of things for our house and going back in the afternoon with my boyfriend to look at more. They have great house items i.e. throw pillows, blankets, lamps, art, rugs etc.Prices were average, but the convenience will keep me going back. Also the customer service was great. The lady called multiple stores to help us find a random item this location didn't have. She even said she'd called back the next day to keep an item on hold for us (since they don't hold items overnight)
