1	Loyalty program is crap.  Takes over two months for you to be in the system, and they won't let you use an employee card or whatever to get the discount in the meantime.  Instead your choices are pay full price or fill out another application.  Hey, I think I'll just leave (and you can put away my cart full of groceries).
1	I've been to this store several times over the past few years and I don't know why I keep going back. Every time it's a horrible experience. I am planning to learn my lesson this time.The meat there is a huge problem (lots of brown/gray, rancid-looking stuff sold at full price) but the worst thing is the cashier service. Despite the time of day, they only ever seem to have 1 register open. Which means that, to buy a single item in the AM, it's a 20 minute wait at least. Today at 8 AM the line for the single register was 10 people long. It took so long that the lady in front of me, who only wanted some orange juice, finally dropped out of line and left. I was still standing there 15 minutes later. Here's the WORST part: The manager walked by the line 2 different times, looked right at it, and kept walking. He didn't open a register himself to speed those commuters on their way. He didn't ask the woman at customer service to come up and open one. He just saw the grumpy people in line and ignored it. This is why Safeway - especially this one - is failing. Manager Ben, you just lost Safeway 2 customers today - at least.
1	This Safeway is so so so slow!!They only ever have 1-2 checkers no matter when I go in. On top of that their credit card machine has frozen up for extended periods of time and they still won't open a new check stand.They do have 50% off specials on things that are going bad and that is the only reason why I shop there.But several times the cashiers have forgotten to take this discount off, when I bring this too their attention they make you get back in the ridiculously long line instead of handling it right then and there. So then my 20 minute quick run into the store is now 45 minutes. It's annoying.
3	Occasionally I shop here although not often.The produce is pretty good but equally priced. The standard groceries are typically prices higher than other stores.It never seems to crowded here so that's a plus. After holiday/seasonal they offer great items at a steep discount.Staff here are friendly and helpful.
