2	Having played Sunset Hills a number of times over the past two years, I maintain my claim that any form of golf is better than a day in the office.Two things keep my friends and I coming back to Sunset Hills from time to time: location and price.It's a good place for us to meet after work for a quick round, and you can't beat $22.It is a part of the Charlotte Public Golf system and includes a children's learning course as well, which makes it a perfect place for the beginning golfer.The full-size course is what it is though, and what it is, is a short inexpensive muni track with uneven tee boxes and hard, furry greens that are the smallest I've ever seen. Even with a wedge in your hand, you are looking to land the ball short of the putting surface if you want to wind up putting.It is also one of the most dangerous courses I've played. I've never heard "fore!" yelled so much on a course before. A lot of the holes run parallel to each other, and tee-boxes are perilously close to greens on some holes. It's definitely a place you want to stay on your toes, and maybe even throw a hard hat in your golf bag.All that being said, one of my best moments on a golf course occurred at Sunset Hills earlier this summer. My friend Dave and I were out there one Wednesday afternoon, trying to get in a late 18. It was crowded, and we were waiting on the 2nd tee box when the twosome playing behind us asked if they could join us. We said yes, and as they introduced themselves, I found myself looking up at James Worthy, all 6'7" of him. UNC star and '82 Final Four MVP James Worthy, 3-time NBA Champion and former Laker James Worthy, recently voted one of the top 50 NBA players of all time. I almost fell down.Worthy just happened to be in town to support of an upcoming golf tournament benefitting the Boys & Girls Club of Gastonia, his hometown, and his friend dragged him over to Sunset for a few holes.They only stayed for the front nine, but we had a good time chatting it up between holes. Perhaps most importantly, he was a personable and gracious guy, which is what you hope for out of all your sports heroes.As Carolina basketball fans, it was a great moment for Dave and I. As a result, Sunset Hills has become a special place to me. Not the purest or best maintained course, but for a quick, inexpensive round, you could do worse. And plus, you never know who you might see out there
3	Sunset Hills is kinda a pain in the butt to get to (about 10 minutes or more from downtown Charlotte), but the price is always right: it's less than 30 bucks to play an 18 hole round. That's pretty darn good considering the course is never crowded and is in pretty good condition for a public course, all things considered. I like playing here a lot for those reasons. You can show up and get on within 15 minutes at most, and the course moves pretty quickly, so you're rarely waiting around at holes for groups to pass or finish up. The course is decently challenging, too, and like I said: it's not a bad course in terms of upkeep. It's a good play.
3	They allow 16 year-olds to serve alcohol.  This is against the law in North Carolina.
2	Played a couple of rounds here to get a good feel for it.. and I'm not impressed.  Will likely not be coming back here.I'm +18 handicap golfer and I didn't like this course very much.  It's a pretty simple layout, but what makes it so bad is two things: (1) cramped course; and (2) terrible greens.On a busy Saturday morning tee-off, while riding, my cart got hit by an errant golf ball while getting ready to tee-off on the second hole.  A little later on that same round, another ball went sailing and bounced up near my buddy's head.  The problem is the course is so tight that teeboxes are really close to one another.  Not enjoyable having to fear getting hit in the dome.Majority of the greens were not tended properly.  It was uneven at points and had definite burn here and there making it difficult to read the green before a putt.It's cheap though so if you want to play a round of casual golf, go fer it.  I'm straight on that though.dmo out
2	This place is best for its value - 30 bucks for 18 holes is pretty decent.  Unfortunately, the conditions are just not good.  The greens were burned and difficult to putt.  Finally, the holes were all pretty similar.  If you have to play here it is decent, but any other public golf course in Charlotte is better.
3	$16 online discount; that being said, not crowded, good pace of play.  New golf carts.  Tee boxes are defined but not in good shape.  Fairways are mowed but just regular grass.  Greens are on small side but pretty well maintained, couldn't get myself to putt the ball hard enough, extremely slow.  If my opening line appeals to you, as it does me, you'll play this is course.
