4	Homme is part of what I would call "New Phoenix" or "Anti-Scottsdale".  The drinks are cheap, the music is good and the crowd is friendly.  Its got a house party vibe and I mean that in the best possible way.  Did I mention that the crowd is friendly?  Like seriously friendly.  Everytime I gone to Homme I've ended up partying with complete strangers.
5	4.5 stars.  There's something weirdly charming about Homme.  Not sure if it's the cheap drinks, the crowd, the converted two-story house layout, the Central Phoenix club circuit regulars, or the fact that it's constantly evolving -- adding DJs/nights seemingly all the time.  I went here the other night for Friday's relocated French Kiss newwave/indie/punk/electro dance party and have to say it was a blast.  I had been here a few times before - once on a Thursday night with Bonnie, once for Tuesday night karaoke, and even when it was a creepy old fogey gay bar a few years ago.The space is just right for the dance party, and the upstairs DJ/dancefloor area lends itself well to those who are seeking an added bonus - in this case, deep house.  The decor here is OK, nothing special, really - although it is more brightly lit, and brightly painted than it used to be.  Lots of nooks and crannies here and an intimidating narrow spiral staircase, which is good if you get bored with conventional spaces.The crowd is diverse (gay, straight, black, white, brown, whatevs) and depending on the night it's crawling with hipsters, club kids and electro/new wave/indie/tribal/house/breakbeat aficionados.  These are the types of people who go somewhere for the music and could give an eff about anything else.  With the clientele and music selection, Homme has the feel of a more cosmopolitan LA/SF dance club, but without the attitude.Homme will be seeing more of Stevey, no doubt.
3	Due to Camelback Construction, beware of the meandering path to Homme Lounge. You'll find Homme Lounge on the North side of the street (just east of 7th Ave)- well advertised with its bright, large sign. Parking, on any normal night, is not a problem. I can't speak to their French Kiss Fridays, for I found myself there on the Saturday before Halloween. Cover is $5 and the dress code is relaxed, thankfully! The doorman was your "standard" friendly - polite, nice, welcoming. So was the bartender. I think he called me "sweetie." Ordering my beer was a cinch, for I was one of few patrons there before 11 p.m. Prices for a bottled import are reasonable. Right when you walk in, you take in the entire "lounge" in a single blink. There's not much to this place, although it is inviting. It reminded me of past favorite hangouts in other cities. I liked how it was pretty dark - the closer you got to the dance area, the darker the room. Perfect for me. I claimed a table in the corner and grooved to the ambient house/breaks music. Soon, after one beer down, I stood up to dance. Nobody was really dancing that night, but that didn't stop me. I figured they just wanted to "lounge." True to form, there are mirrors on the wall. Personally, I don't like to watch myself dance - it kind of creeps me out. I prefer to just see my shadow cast against the wall.Like I said, it was the Saturday before Halloween. Centaurs, Croc hunters, Satan and Supermarket Sweep contestants could be found here. It was quite the mix of people. Shortly after 11 p.m., the front part of the "lounge" filled up... just enough for patrons began to trickle closer to me. (I shared dance space with a Centaur. How many people can say that?!)In conclusion, I understand the draw of this place, especially during an event or regular special night. It's the kind of place you go with friends. I don't mind going out solo - especially if there's a spot for me to dance - but I found myself bored after about an hour there. I can't really blame the establishment for this, yet I do minus a star (and end up with a 3-star rating) because there weren't more people here that night. (It's not like it was a Wednesday, after all.)As for the area, I felt completely comfortable going solo and had no problem walking to my car around 1 a.m. Knowing that, I will be back to Homme, probably some Friday night so I can see if the hype of French Kiss really is more than just hype.
4	This is probably my favorite place to enjoy a night of drinking and dancing in town. I love that they turned a two story house into a a combination lounge/dance club with a killer sound system. The Upstairs Bar is one of my favorite places to relax in Phoenix. I enjoy the view of Camelback out the window, and Pablo always makes a nice stiff drink. I do miss One on Friday nights. I have enjoyed French Kiss there on Fridays, but the atmosphere of One was pretty unbeatable (especially when JoJo Flores came through). I haven't gotten a chance to check out the new Saturday night downstairs but ^SATURSDAYS has always been awesome and consistent when I was there. All the bartenders are friendly and efficient and the drink prices are fair. I'm really glad this place exists in Phoenix.
5	This is my favorite bar, hands down. I generally will go there more for the house/tech music scene upstairs because, well, I am more into that. Either way down or up its a great place all around and the drinks are always perfect and the people are always nice. I very rarely have to wait long for a drink and there is a lot of room for seating, lounging, dancing or standing. Be careful on those stairs though... I have learned the hard way. haha
3	Oddly, Stevey and I went to the same party and had very different views.Homme's drinks are cheap when they're on special. The bartender really pissed me off by charging me $1 for a vodka drink at 10:45 p.m. and charging me $4 for the same drink at 11:02 p.m. It's not my fault you're slow, and I just tipped you $2 for the previous drink. Would it kill you to cut me some slack?French Kiss is a pretty weak party. It doesn't come close to Faux Show at Glam, its direct competitor.Also, Stevey noted the diversity at Homme. I call it a lack of identity. The bar lacks a distinct character, and the crowd reflected it. It was too hetero to be gay, too mainstream to be edgy and too unattractive to be fashionable.I doubt I'll hit Homme again unless its for a goth/industrial night.
3	OK, let me start out by saying that I loved Johnny Mac's, the old gay bar that used to be here. The boys were super sweet to us, the drinks more than stellar, and the happy hour spread on Fridays was tasty and kept those strong bourbon and cokes from completely kicking my ass.Homme, I liked from the start. Great drinks, nice bartenders, good DJ's with different nights. Loved going in on a Saturday to dance with all the mo's, goths, emos, hookers and hood rats. Nice mix of real people, getting their groove on.Lately tho, the music is not as tight, and the scenesters are so cool I am suprised they can let themselves be seen dancing.I will stil go there cuz I have friends who work there and it's still a good time, but it seems to have lost its luster for me.
3	I come here a lot.My best friend is one of the bouncers here, and when he's not being punched in the face or trying to deflect awkward sexual advances from the patrons, he likes to have someone to talk with him as he paces the parking lot checking IDs.There are a lot of things to consider before deciding upon Homme as your partee hookup.I've made you a list.You're welcome.1) The price of your drink almost always depends on how attracted the bartender is to you. It's a gay bar. Do the math. If you and the bartender have contrasting genitalia, chances are you won't be getting that two dollar you-call-it. 2) Make sure to call ahead or arrive a little early. Sometimes Homme rents their space out for private parties. Don't wait 'til the last minute only to find that anyone NOT wearing a toga will be charged 20 bucks to get in.3) Both bouncers are straight. Do not try to kiss them they do not like it.4) There are usually free condoms in the room with the pool table.5) Monday is "Merle Haggard Night". I'll leave it at that.6) Homme only has two settings; nearly empty and packed to the point of claustrophobia. 7) Sadisco=unintentional hilarity. Though I hear they've taken their show elsewhere.8) Red Monkey=Cocaine. But you'll have to look for it.9) As of now, the top floor has been made off-limits per order of the Fire Marshall.10) On an event night, you're better off with a taxi.11) With the exception of a vending machine in the pool table room, there's no food. So be sure to hit Jenny's on the way home.
4	I went thier on a new wave night. I dont drink so its hard to find somewhere gay that I can enjoy sober. They had bitchin 80's music and had a good guy/girl ratio. Some were straight but I like that, its nice when breeders what to hang out just for the fact that they wnat to hang out and dont care if your gay/straight.They also have a pool table wich is a rare find in gay clubs in az.I liked it :)
4	I like this place a lot.  It has a great atmosphere, and a good vibe.  The music is pretty rad depending on the night.  I went there recently for their "Party Foul" night which is on the 2nd and 4th fridays of each month.  The people are all pretty chill.  It wasn't packed, but it can get pretty decently full.  I would recommend this place if you feel like dancing something else other than the typical club music.
5	My homme away from home.  No attitudesGreat bartendersAwesome ownersGreat musicGay, straight, bi, lesbian...whatever you are....it's all here.  I've never felt unwanted or uncomfortable here.
3	Just the Facts, Ma'am; A no nonsense list about Homme:Pros: * It's usually clean. * Pool table.* Smoking patio.* Shiny stuff in the ceiling. * Cheap-ish drinks, depending when you go.* Not hard to get a bartender's attention (except on event nights)Cons:* This place is tiny/cramped. * Homme lacks a cohesive identity and changes it's vibe as often as some girls change those Days of the Week panties. * Event nights are dangerously packed - We're talking hard core claustrophobia induced panic attacks.* Oh hi, can we have more bathrooms? * Slow nights are slowww. Like slowcat is slow. * Parking on event nights blows. You're better off with a taxi. * This spot is way too hetero to be a gay bar.* This less than glowing review may get me banned.* *I hear that's been happening, although that's NOT confirmed. Maybe we can consider this an experiment. Yelpers need to be free to yelp the truth.
3	Here it lies. The nail that beckoned the proverbial banhammer.Though it was more like a breakup than a banning, I guess. It was done discretely, over breakfast at Waffle House. After I had footed the bill, that is.You broke my heart, Homme. I'm not sure if I'll ever be able to trust another club again.
5	This review is for Friday nights - an event called Party Foul. http://www.myspace.com/partyfoulazAs the website says... "bloghouse/ bmore/ remixes/ hip hop/ retro/ hyphy/ straight up fuckin bangers all night"If you like that loud new school dance-punk indie-electro techno-infused music that goes beep-beep and a hyperactive, slightly crazed party crowd, this night is for you.I invited a friend recently, who asked what the crowd was like... Here is the convo:Friend: "what type of crowd?"Me: "Hipsters homos dance music scenesters trannies drug addicts drunk people and assorted perverts."Me: "You'll love it."Friend: "oh yes... my type of peeps."If you found that amusing and intriguing as opposed to totally repulsive, go. You'll thank me later.
3	Good place to hang out on a friday night, lots of good looking girls and guys, who dance to some funky home made mixes, remixed with known popular music to give it a funky step in your foot.  Has a little of a sketchy feel, the dance floor is a someone's old living room.  It feels like a house party that hasn't stopped since Camelback became a road.  The house is a hundred years old atleast just needs some architects and designers to get their hands on it to make it 5 out of 5.
4	What they said.  Party Foul is great, drinks are cheap but slow, crowd is probably the best in the valley.
4	Homme is my favorite bar.I was disappointed when they took down the rainbow flag from outside, though. Now when you show up to support your favorite bartenders and DJ's there's far too many straight boys staring hungrily for this queer girls comfort. I'm glad Homme keeps its arms wide open for everyone...gay/straight/bi/scenster/hippie/goth/young/old blah blah blah...but Homme is a gay bar at heart!Most of the bartenders are awesome. If you're respectful and generous they will return the favor.The music varies throughout the week. Party Foul Fridays bump electro, Resurrection Wednesdays  will give you industrial and 90's alt. The music, regardless of the day of the week, is sure to offer a breath of fresh air to anyone sick of and annoyed by typical club music.Come to dance and people watch. Watch out if you drive there, though. Cars get smashed into in the parking lot sometimes, and cops like to hang out near by to catch you trying to drive home!Edit: I took away a star because of how much fun I did NOT have last night at Party Foul. Where did all those Scottsdale bitches come from? Why were all those boys standing around on the dance floor when I was trying to dance? Why did that new door guy give me a hard time when nobody else did? Arg! It might be time to find a Friday night place that hasn't been infested with the masses yet :(
3	I generally come here on Fridays for Party Foul. To be honest, if I didn't have friends that were regulars here I probably wouldn't come that much. The down side to this place is that on Fridays it's uber-packed and on the weekdays it's dead. If you're down with the hipster crowd, this is the place to be at.The DJ's are all pretty solid and the music genre fits the scene. The only thing about this that gets a little old is that they never really play anything new and it's all electroclash, dance remixes, et al. I moved back from LA a few months ago it's weird seeing the hipster scene there and what it is in Phoenix. Not to say that Party Foul/Homme is an all hipster crowd, because it is a pretty decent mix of people, but I think that it is a very consciously "hip" crowd. It just gets old seeing those who you knew dug through every piece of clothing at a vintage place just to find the right piece of Gecko Hawaii clothing or faded sweater that has something to the effect of "World's Best Grandpa" printed across it.You really only have two choices at this place really: stay hot and breathe the sweat of others inside or be hot (depending on the season) and breathe the smoke of others outside on the patio.Overall, I'm not knocking Homme. It's a great dance spot and a great place to hang out with friends. All the discomforts mentioned earlier are part of the experience and the crowd so if it's not for you it's just not.
4	it is so incredibly easy to get dance-happy wasted in this friday night boogie spot.last night they offered $1 tootsie roll shots. i think we managed to get three in the mere 30 minutes they were offered. sometime after the third shot, my conversation with the bartender went something like this:me: "um, can i get another shot, but not that tootsie roll thingy?"bartender: "no."me: "so that's the only shot for $1?"bartender: "yes."me: "you can't just give me something else? please?"bartender: "no."me: "ok. fine. another one."bartender: "no. that was only for 1/2 an hour."me: "what. the fuck."are you the freaking shot nazi? whatever, they have $2 cans of pbr that will get you piss-ass drunk. i think they're more alcoholic at homme than anywhere else. or maybe it was just all of those tootsie roll shots. the music is fantazmo, probably the best place to here electro house music. the dance floor gets a little thin during some points in the night, but buy the dj a pbr and he will play something rad like la roux's "in for the kill" (skream's let's get ravey remix) and people will make their way back on to get down.
4	One of my favorite neighborhood bars. Casual and low-key, but does tend to get down quite a bit. I have been there with my ex Billy Bob, but he prefers the bitter bite of  martini. However, we would get happily sloshed there and the decor is quite artistic. I can't really tell if I liked it so much because I was in love with him and all, or it was actually the place. Better give the place props just to be sure!!!
4	The fact that this dumpy looking converted house on Camelback has 25+ reviews really says something about this place. Even if most people cannot pronounce the name properly (I took French in high school).Even after closing the upstairs they were able to make this a happening little club. Retro and Beyond was good, albeit held once a month.Wednesday nights had the same regulars but the most amazing thing to me on Wednesdays was that there was one person on staff for the whole night.There was no bouncer, there was just the short little girl bartender. When skirt boy spilled his beer on the dancefloor (a common occurrence for him) she'd have to come out from the bar and mop.I kept waiting for a fight or skirmish to break out and see her turn into bouncer too.In reality Wednesdays worked really well because people were there for the music and for the people. There was no posturing or imaging or testosterone displays. I can't speak for French Kiss or the gay and lesbian events this place had, but Wednesdays and Retro and Beyond Saturdays worked well.Probably the most unique Halloween party I've been to as well.They decorated the place and changed the entrance from the front to the rear. It was so once I got inside I didn't recognize where I was or how to get to the dancefloor. Sorry to see the club go.
