5	Absolutely charming place! Happened upon Sambalatte when I was in search of a place to kill some time before work in the summerlin area. I think Boca Park is pretty overrated and am not a fan of summerlin in general, but I'd definitely go out of my way to come back here. The atmosphere is warm and inviting  and the staff is very friendly! For those having their coffee in house, instead of the standard paper cup, you get a real cup/saucer combo-probably not that big of a deal but it's small touches like this that leave an impression. In addition to the cozy seating there's a communal table that can be used for a decent sized group or to spread out your books and study at (if space permits of course...abide by the laws of personal space).  I stuck to a regular cappuccino which wasn't only great but was nicely presented as well (heart shapes in your foam anyone?). There were lots of other drink selections, yummy looking baked goods and I'm pretty sure I saw gelato on the menu too, but didn't have my glasses on so don't quote me. Bottom line, if you're looking for a nice place that is free from the usual pretentious vibe that resonates in Summerlin check out Sambalatte. It's a great place to bring a book and get comfortable (or choose from their excellent magazine selection) or share a decent cup of coffee with friends!
5	It's quite possibly the most detailed coffee experience in Las Vegas. Actually that's exactly what it is.  The Sambalatte people are coffee geeks, bombastically passionate about what goes in the cup. The place itself exudes low-key cool, very inviting and comfy, especially if you dig teakwood. No, there's not a drive-thru but that's the point, it's an experience, replete with designs on the foam.  As good as coffee gets.
5	The cafe I've been waiting for!  My cappucino was smooth and topped with a extra dense foam with art.  Plus a crusty and warm lemon coconut scone that's baked fresh daily. I was in caffeine heaven. If only I could start every morning like this.
5	Best coffee in town, they brew each cup. If you are one of those always running late egomaniacs please keep going to Starbucks, you are really too impatient to Savor! If you want to experience a great cup in a beautiful location surrounded by books, come here.  The customers are pretty nice too, good conversations to be had.  Live music on weekend, and I am sure more culture to come.  The owners really are passionate about everything they do, and have trained their staff in coffees history.  If you want to hit me up for a game of chess you are likely to find me behind my acer at Sambalatte.
5	Fantastic people and even better espresso! As close to what you'll find in Rome, without going to Italy.  All the baked goods and gelato are excellent.  Highly recommend you stop in for any of their offerings.  A++
4	I went to this place twice in one week.  It's one of my new favorite places.Pros: Delicious coffee that is freshly ground and brewed per cup.  Their mocha is amazing.  The hot cocoa is like a liquid candy bar.  If you are REALLY into coffee, they even have these crazy table side devices to brew at your table.  Very interesting stuff in there.  And I could not believe the prices...way cheaper than "you-know-who-bucks".Cons: No chai latte, which is what I drink 90% of the time.  A selfish reason, I know, but it's a con for me nonetheless.  Also, the place can be a little intimidating because it is a very sophisticated coffee place and I didn't know what half of the stuff was or how to pronounce it.The staff is very knowledgable and excited about all the different coffee and will explain it to you.  I like the vibe of the place; it reminds me of the coffee places back in my hometown of San Diego around the Hillcrest area.
5	Great ambiance. Fantastic service.  Aromatic coffee. Good music and decent reading materials. Overall, this place really deserves a bit of praise. It has that stylish, indi coffeehouse feel and good coffee to boot - none of that stale franchise coffee taste. The desserts are good, but nothing to write home about. No other food though, but there's plenty of restaurants close by. There's free wifi and tons of tables with power outlets. This is definitely a  primo place to hang out or kill time. It's generally a bit pricier than your standard Starbucks, but considering where it's located (Boca Park Summerlin) and the better overall experience, it's worth it.
5	This place is truly like no other coffee shop in Vegas. It's got a very traditional, Seattle-ish (not that I've ever been but this is what I would imagine) atmosphere to it. The Benneton Club and I went there on Sunday afternoon after catching a movie, it was rainy (maybe that is where I got the Seattle association from) and it was the perfect place to sit and watch the rain. They've got little park-like benches inside with some chairs and a community table for those working on lap tops. I peaked upstairs real quick and got a look at some more table and chairs on that level. Oh, I'm sorry - my vanilla latte was DELICIOUS and it came with a heart on top which officially bumped them back up to 5 stars in my book.The only downgrade was that their blenders were not up and working yet so I could not get a fru-fru drink but I wanted something warm on this dreary day regardless.I'd totally recommend spending any Sunday afternoon reading the day away at Sambalatte.
5	Sambalatte has become one of our favorite hang-out spots.  It's a large open space with plenty of tables, chairs, outlets for laptops, magazines, books, and board games.  There's also a small second story- loft style- with a tv and more seating.  When we were there, twice now, the background music was nice and upbeat- very W-hotel-esque. It's located in the back of Boca Park area, in the same plaza as Cheesecake Factory and Gordon Biersh, where it's a perfect area for just hanging out and people watching. The coffee and espressos are delicious.  The coffee is individually brewed and the latte/cappuccinos have designs in the foam.  Definitely a nice touch by the owners and staff.   They also have gelato, teas, sandwiches and an assortment of desserts and morning pastries.I would love to see them close a little later on the weekends because it'd be a nice place to get dessert after dinner.
5	Stopped by here with the Yelp-izzles after dinner for some coffee and tea. LiLy D, Anthony M, and Jieun L got coffee. I got the Vanilla Roobios tea. It was yummy! Thanks LiLy!!We sat in the front area and noticed a bunch of board/card games. LiLy saw Scrabble and had to play. Congrats to Jieun for scoring the most points and kicking our butts...and it was her first time playing!!I will mos def come back and try some of the other teas and some gelato!Matt C also made an appearance and had some coffee with us.This place is great to hang out. The staff were all friendly and they have a row of tables where you can set up your laptops. FREE Wi-Fi
4	This is it. Ive been to many coffee shops around my neighborhood here in Summerlin, but allow me to say how so overwhelmed I am by the beauty of this place. Not just the looks but the culture and vibe.  This is by far the chillest and abundant place to catch up with a friend, read a paper in the corner, play board games with your nieces, or even study alone or with a group. Aesthetics of this place brings me at peace and drown in my relaxed thoughts. No bad vibes.The 2nd story has a big table, and small  love seats to hangout. The wall of shelves the holds an eclectic collection from books, to references, to magazines, and board games bring this distinguished old english architectural design. Theres a big flat screen that allows us to watch current events. Picture frames of a coffee motif bring warmth. And the lights that accentuates the place, makes this place overall breathtaking.Just one less star. This one star was my one true disappointment. Trust me I have been to many coffee joints, I always order a chai tea latte as I like to compare. Of course Sambalatte focus' on coffee. But they serve tea here but can't deliver it in latte form. Really heartbroken. But then I tried the caramel latte along with a chocolate coffee cake. Presentation is sweet and simple. But when I tried the latte, it was a little disappointing. Being a coffee connoisseur, I like my espresso strong with a hint of sweetness. It was weaker than brittle. the milk tasted watered down. Yikes.  hopefully it tastes better next time, as i will be back.P.s. Hopefully the business starts to incline so we can have this place open a little later. 10pm is standard. But sometimes people need late night study caves.
5	It's not weird for me to have cravings for coffee now and then, but who would have thought that I would have cravings for a coffee shop?  Sambalatte makes cafes exciting again my offering a diverse menu that includes their own hand brewed coffees, along with a nice dessert selection.Walking into Sambalatte the first time, I felt like I was walking into a Hipsters haven.  True, the first thing I saw was a guy sitting on a couch with a cappuccino playing a board game and sporting the fanciest mustache I've seen in a while, but it really left an impression.  On a later visit Matthew C. confirmed the hipster friendly tone of this area.  There is an area with power outlets along the center of a table for laptop use, two couch areas around a table that is perfect for playing board games (which can be found here for customers to play), and also an upstairs area with bookshelves and additional seating.The coffee here is delicious.  They offer several different blend for you to choose from, and it is brewed by hand once you order.  When I say this coffee is delicious, I mean good enough to not have to put too much sugar.  And you don't really need cream either.  It is also very smooth, and doesn't give you that bitter "bite" that some lesser coffees can give when you sip.Overall Sambalatte is a great place to kick back and lose at Scrabble against Jieun while sipping some great coffee.  I am always looking forward to my next visit here.
5	A real coffee house. Each cup is individually brewed and is amazing. The coffee beans they get are great. The staff is very knowledgeable and friendly. If you are a huge coffee fan you will fall in love with this place after one visit. If you are not that big into coffee this place will change your coffee drinking experience. Make sure to drop by and grab a cup, for under $2.50 you can't beat it, and the coffee beats anything I have had in Las Vegas hands down.
5	As a college student, I have been trying hard to find a place to study whenever I am for breaks. I am always at the library at school so that's the last place I want to go to if I am home. Finally there's a solution. It's this place. I like how the atmosphere is really open. Right when you walk in you see people on their computers and they even have a long table with a set of power outlets for students to plug in their Macs and go. The food here is pretty good too. The green tea I got was smooth and inexpensive. The apple tort was delicious but on the pricey side. I live near Anthem and I drove all this way to see if it was a good place to do work. I chugged out my paper and used the rest of my time to write this review and start doing other stuff.The lighting is bright and the environment is conducive to either chill out with friends or read a book on your own. They even have an upstairs loft area that I have yet to check out. Definitely will be using this place from now on as a hang out.
2	Too hot inside. Slowest barista on earth. Cashier slow too...ordered an espresso ristretto and was served with the usual 2oz of coffee....barista insisted that 21 grams of ground coffee will produce an espresso....no for an italian-espresso-ficionado.  Price is good gor dine-in service....but please have you baristas cover thosr hugly spiderman-skulls-like tatoos!!!... they don't melange well with ambience!!!
4	After reading so many great reviews of this place, and since I was in the neighborhood...It was basically just as I expected, based on the reviews. The decor and atmosphere is fantastic. Long table with outlets for your laptop, books, magazines, games, etc. Huge bonus points for the dog station thingy out front - two water bowls and hooks for the leashes.The staff / baristas were very friendly. The prices were extremely reasonable.I had an iced peppermint white mocha, which was absolutely delicious.This is definitely an ideal coffee shop and place where you can chill for several hours.
5	FYI: When you sit upstairs, they will bring your drinks to you along with sugar and cream.  So you don't have to walk upstairs to get a seat, and end up awkwardly making your way downstairs again only to run into one of the employees carrying your drinks to you :)
4	Great atmosphere & barista made a lovely pattern for my mocha. The hazelnut pastry was wonderful.
4	I have never been to any coffee shop besides Coffee Bean or Starbucks. Sambalatte Terrefazione takes caffeine to whole other level! I walked in, glanced at the menu, and almost pulled my phone to google some of the stuff on the menu because I didn't want to look like a newbie ;x LOL! True story.The first time I came in, I stared at the menu from a distance and since it's handwritten, I had to squint to read it (I'm bad at wearing my glasses when I need to -__-). Talk about looking even more like a newbie. With all my knowledge of coffee from Starbucks, I searched for the most familiar things and told myself, "Ahh, I've had that before... and that, and that." so I didn't order any of the familiar.  The item that stuck out to me was "afogato." Wasn't quick enough to google that one so I told the cashier (Taryn) with confidence in my voice and nervousness on my face, "I'd like to have the afogato please." And she proceeded to ask, "What type of gelato would you like in it." Losing my confident character-esque, I then said, "Oh, what's good in it?" LOL! She laughed too and suggested hazelnut gelato. I went with it and said I'll take it to go. My newbie adventure doesn't end there!I sat down anticipating what I ordered, felt adventurous, and started a draft for my review. I looked around at the pastries that looked Venetian-worthy or something. "Oh you fancy huh!" - (c) Drake. I noticed the little island with a bunch of outlets suggesting customers to "Hey, plug in here and write a novel or two!" I walked to the entrance and noticed a grip of board games (Note: Come here and play Scrabble), and saw there was an upstairs. I didn't go up because I didn't want to miss my afogato and I was somewhat in a hurry so I decided to save that for later.Taryn brought over my afogato in a white paper cup with a little spoon inside. I looked inside and was like "WTF is this?!" LMAO! I thanked her and walked out. I literally LOL'ed to myself when I looked at what I ordered. It looked like a cup of baby poo! LMAO! OMG! I laughed so hard to my gf on the phone and told her that I think I just ordered a cup of baby poo and coffee! Shows you how much I know about Sambalatte Tore-a-fuzz-yawn! I started eating away at the gelato and noticed it was espresso in there. STRONG! and I mean, STRONG like Iron Man strong! It was so bitter, I had to let my gf try it out (I'm so nice! haha!). Even she said it was strong and she likes her coffee strong! We kept laughing about it the whole night.Then, I came back with her and some of our well versed coffee friends. I decided to retry the afogato, but with TWO scoops of hazelnut gelato! It tasted better and it helped with the taste of the espresso. We also tried the chocolate and pistachio biscuit. Not super great,  but tasty. There was a bunch of other fancy treats in there I'd like to try some other day.Afogato = crack in a cup! Wheeew!
3	Here is the deal this place has awesome coffee, worth 5 stars hands down.  It is served in china if it's for here which I love.  They also do some fancy foam design stuff on your espesso drinks which is cool at first.  If you order a drip coffee they fresh brew you a cup and they have a handful of beans to choose from.  The atmosphere is real nice with books and board games to play and plenty of plugs to plug in your computer if you want to.  The coffee really reminds me of coffee in italy and is no doubt is modeled after it.   They also have some crazy cold brewed iced coffee that some don't like but I love it, it's different and worth a try.  They have some local gelato too that is like 5 bucks so if its real good that isn't too bad, I want to try it. Why only 3 stars, 3 reasons: First its expensive, a cappuccino is 3 bucks and a latte is 4.  Not some giant Starbucks white chocolate carmel monstrosity but a little cappuccino.  Thats not the worst though the pastries are threw the roof expensive, like 6.50, so a cappuccino and a pastry is 10 BUCKS.  for my wife and me a cap and a pastry each for breakfast cost 20 BUCKS the same as a full on eggs bacon pancake breakfasts for us elsewhere.  The same at coffee bean cost us about 12.Second, I have had basically every pastry here and really none impressed me, the berry tart is probably best but I pretty much stopped ordering them and just get a cookie or something if I want something to eat with.  For the price the pastries flat out suck.Third, the service kind of sucks.  I think they have a job requirement that you need sleeve tattoos to work here, nothing against tattoos, but it's just filled with hipsters that act too cool for school.  They are 100% not outgoing or cheerful in anyway.  I mean you walk into starbucks or coffee bean and you get greeted and smiles all the time, here not so much.  And really no friendly chit chat or anything.  In fact they have been a little rude pretty much every time i have asked a question.  They have twice given me the wrong pastries, they have been spot on with the coffee however.  Let me reiterate this is my go to coffee shop because of the great coffee but they are pretty much the only coffee place of this kind i know of around here so they have the market cornered.
2	Sad, sad day. I wanted to love you so much Sambalatte, but you just let me down. Dan T. told me I was being pretentious, but this place did not do me well. All your wonderful reviews mislead me. I love coffee shops. My favorite of all time being Stumptown. (look it up and order some. it will change your life. That is a real cup of coffee.) I think from all the reviews, and even the pictures of the drinks, that is what i was longing for. We got there this afternoon around 2pm. Semi busy but not so much. I ordered a latte and waited at the end for my name to be called. A few minutes later it was in front of me. I tried to wait for Dan T. to get his but had to take a sip. It wasn't hot, just warm, lots of foam, and very watery. (i know there is no water in a latte, but it was runny like water.) I tried not to complain, but Dan could tell I was bummed. He ordered the nutcracker and that was alright (better than mine) but I will let him tell you about that. The prices are the same as starbucks/coffee bean. The vibe is eh. I did like that you could cozy up on a chair or bench and play the boardgames they supply (who sunk my battleship?!) or even read some of the books they have on the shelves. I didn't try any of the little bites they had, but they did look appetizing. As for the coffee...eh I don't think I'll be back for that. Maybe I'll try some of the tea on the menu next time if I ever make it back.
3	For being one of the most aesthetically pleasing and warm feeling coffee shops I've been to in Vegas; I found it a bit counteracted by a busy upscale location being Boca Park. Which if that's your cup of tea that's fine and I appreciate what it has to offer but as for the Coffee shop at hand it seems like a place you'd find in a nice chill Pacific Northwest town(which is what I like about Sambalatte's atmosphere).As for the Menu it's all done out fashionably in chalk and looked very well balanced with choices of Coffee, Tea's, Espresso, Iced Coffee, etc.  The thing that stood out to me about the Menu was the fun choices it had the I don't normally see at places such as Coffee Bean & Starbucks. Of course I went with the fun choice off the seasonal menu and was not disappointed. I ordered the Nutcracker (Vanilla, Hazlenut, & Chocolate) and it hit the spot. I'll be the first to admit that I'm not a coffee pro but this was the perfect blend of flavors. Unfortunately my girlfriends Latte' did not live up and was very watery.  On another note the if you order in you get served in quaint coffee cups that remind me of coffee shops I would pass through in Europe and adds to the overall environment. It's also very accommodating with outlets & sweet furniture galore for you "Lap Top Coffee Shop Folk" and whatever it is that you do ; )But seriously if you don't mind the Hipsters that roam about the area I really recommend you give it a shot. It's a very nice shop with a menu I know I'll be back to further dive into. Try the Nutcracker while they have it!
5	As good as they get.... outside of Vienna in the 80's. Portland can wait.
5	A while back, I was living in SLC, UT for 6 years. I slowly became a coffee drinker since the winter in SLC was pretty long and chilly :) I was introduced to this great coffee shop called, 'Salt Lake Roasting Co.' which is located in downtown area. I loved this place because of their cozy atmosphere and the great taste of coffee. I am very happy to find out that Sambalatte is opened in town :)   My favorite aspect of Sambalatte is the atmosphere!!  Just like the one(SLRC) in SLC...The downstairs is a little bit bigger than the upstairs area (loft style, big wooden table with a plenty of comfy chairs & sofas, board games, books, magazines, & new papers are available to use). There are various sizes of tables you can set up on free wi-fi as well, awesome!! If you are a espresso drinker, I recommend a 'Affogato with Vanilla Gelato'-it's simply put, a shot of espresso with a scoop of your choice of gelato in it.  I usually get a regular coffee(Sumatra) and it is divine! When I order my coffee, the barista pours water over the coffee bean grounds, stirring them, and pouring the water (A hand drip coffee, yay :P)  But more importantly, the service was out of this world. All the staff were friendly, nice, and helpful. They also provide you a drink card (ask a barista before you pay). It is a great local coffee option if you want to do your work or hang out in a relaxed atmosphere.  You don't get hassled or interrupted.
2	They have a great looking shop, was not impressed with the gelato, or the selection of treats. I work in a hotel room service and I noticed most of the treats they were offering were things I have seen when we do catering functions.If this is your first time going there do not expect anything like a starbucks sized or type drink. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing but the only thing I can say about sambalatte is they have a nice shop.
5	This cafe is AMAZING!! The first time I went there, I ordered the "sweet treat mocha," which was one of their seasonal drinks (chocolate, hazelnut, caramel latte). Sooo good. I mean seriously delicious. My boyfriend ordered a vanilla latte, which was pretty strong, and he loved it. The next day, I went back and ordered an iced "nutcracker" (chocolate, hazelnut, and vanilla latte). Again, ridiculously good.In addition to the wonderful drinks, this place has a great atmosphere. There are tables outside and on the first and second floors. There are plenty of seating options from small to large tables and comfy arm chairs, too. There are also cases of books, a table with games, and a tv on the second floor.Lastly, the service is friendly, and they bring your order to the table. The prices are pretty high, especially on their pastries. The drinks are worth every cent thought. All in all, this place is one of the best coffee cafes I have ever been to.
4	This is exactly the type of place we need more of in Vegas. Friendly people. Local flavors. Casual and welcoming atmosphere. Dog-friendly too!I bookmarked this place due to all the great reviews. I must thank Chastine V for tempering the hype by providing a not-so-great review. I like to keep my expectations in check when trying a new place.I will admit, I'm really not much of a coffee connoisseur. Then again, I could say that about everything I ever try. I just know what I like. At Sambalatte, everything I've had so far has been to my liking. On my first visit, I had their Chocolate Cappuccino. I enjoyed the chocolate flavor to the last drop, but was disappointed that it didn't come with any coffee art.I got to talking to one of the ladies who works there and she recommended the Flat White, so that's what I tried on my next visit. This time, it came with coffee art! I'm so easy to please.Did I mention that they have board games to play? Nuff said. 4 stars. I'm a fan.
5	Sambalatte is the place to be.  I am a huge coffee and tea person.  You know, once a day.  The atmosphere is great, the coffee is strong and my favorite part about this place is that it's dog friendly.  There aren't many places in Vegas that are dog friendly.  Hope to see you there!  I'm the girl that looks like Kourtney Kardashian (so I was told).  Thanks.
4	Great-tasting espresso in my Americano but harder on my stomach than some. One of their employees in particular, a pretty big tall dude, is fantastically helpful and complimentary, definitely an asset to the place. The pastry section didn't appear to have much in the way of gluten-free options, but I wasn't looking too hard, either. If you're there to get on the internet, make sure you can get on before you settle in too much. It took 20 minutes for the network to appear on my computer, and one of my neighbors was having the same problem. Just four stars because though they do coffee well and the place is lovely, it's not very cozy. I'm guessing that this could have been on purpose to discourage people from occupying tables for hours in such a busy area, but it could really benefit from a few comfy chairs and sofas. When I found this place on yelp the google directions were wrong. This place is in the same lot as Total Wine and the Cheesecake Factory.
5	I am completely obsessed with this place! Obsessed, obsessed, obsessed!!!!  A friend suggested this place to meet and study one night during finals week and I was impressed upon arrival.  Where else in Vegas can you find a cute little indie cafe?  There are couches, tables, and even a loft for people to do their thing at.  It smelled so good in there too!  Just a whiff of it would probably wake you up.   I wasn't much of a coffee fan before.  I thought it just tasted like mud (or what I would imagine mud to taste like), but then I tried it here.  I got the gingerbread man latte.  It wasn't too sweet and I liked that you could taste the coffee rather than just the gingerbread flavor.  I admit that coffee still isn't my favorite, but if I had to have it anywhere, Sambalatte is where I'll go.  Just a heads up, their espresso shots are strong!! My brother asked for an extra shot in his mocha (I guess that's how he orders at the other places), and the barista warned him that their shots are the equivalent of 3 of the chain coffee houses.  Personally, I like their teas.  They use actual tea leaves and not the diluted tea bags that  everywhere else uses.  My goal is to try every single one they have.  I also like that they have sandwiches, salads, cheese platters, and pastries.  Light lunch anyone??  The best thing about this place: presentation!!  Two words...FOAM ART!!  It's a simply touch but it can make all the difference.  Let's just call it luxury in a cup!  Their teas are served in a glass tea press.  Again, it's not much, but it's the little things that matter!  After raving on and on about this place, it goes without saying that I think this is a must try.  Whatever your mood, they'll have something for you.
4	The thing I like most about this place is the amount of outlets they have. During school, I'm a big fan of doing my studying and work in a coffee shop. But a lot of the time, I find that there aren't enough outlets for those who bring their laptops. Something, that definitely isn't a problem here. They have a nice selection of different coffees to choose from, which I appreciate. And the vanilla latte I had was quite good. Like a lot of others said in their reviews - the designs they make on their drinks are quite cool. I haven't had a chance to try and of their pastries, salads, or sandwiches - but I definitely will the next time I go. They also have a lot of pretty interesting contraptions. And the way they brew their coffee, definitely isn't the way that most coffee shops do it. It does take a bit longer just to get a cup of coffee, but it's worth the wait. I'm a huge tea person, so it was nice to see that they do offer loose leaf tea. I was disappointed however, when I saw that they used a press to steep the tea. Lastly, one thing that bothers me about this place is it's location. Boca Park is a very busy place, and is always filled with people. Therefore, trying to find parking becomes a hassle. I've never had to search so long to get a parking spot just to get into a coffee shop.
5	I'm tempted to tell you all that Sambalatte is terrible so that you'll leave it all to me, but that would be almost criminal. This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here. Excellent, independent shop with top quality coffee. A real antidote to the cookie cutter, cardboard Starbucks monotony. Sambalatte is just about the only place in the US I've come across that can make an authentic Flat White, a delicious coffee drink popular in Australia and New Zealand. They also have a wide selection of teas and sweetened drinks, though I have not tried these.The service staff are primarily young people and, as some have said, maybe a little bit rough, but I notice it getting better all the time. There is a nice selection of pastries, fruit and meat trays, even a few sandwiches like good-quality ham and brie on crusty bread with champagne mustard. The atmosphere has a cool vibe. There are current magazines from around the country, and newspapers, and free wi-fi. There are two floors of indoor seating and seating outside, too, with free standing heaters for the cooler weather. The owner is almost always on site, which is no doubt, why the quality has remained consistently high on each of my visits. I can recommend Sambalatte highly.
4	This was my first time here.  I had no coffee.  Wow, that really doesn't sound like me.  I was here for the Yelp Book Club gathering in the upstairs lounge area.The facilities are good, and I would give 5 stars for the night, but for the noise that rose from below and interfered at times with hearing the authors.I did buy some macarons as I left, tried one on the way home, and I rate is superb!  I will be back.Free wifi on the receipt when you purchase something.
5	Different Coffee versus Starbucks taste. The atmosphere is very relaxed. It's more of a place where you go hang out rather than on the go. The moment you step into the boho-chic shop you won't feel in Vegas anymore. Prices aren't too steep for a cup ofJo and their teas are delicious as well. I reccomend everyone try it whether your looking for drinks or Just a place to hang!
5	Sorry Starbucks.  I think I found my new drink of choice.  And you don't make it.The first time I came here, I got a hot chocolate to go to fortify me for a trip to REI.  The hot chocolate wasn't my favorite - not sweet enough or chocolately enough.  But the staff was great and it was the prettiest hot chocolate I ever had.  The second time was for the Yelp book club, where the very nice man behind the counter gave me a tasty peppermint tea, for free!  I love that the tea comes in a french press and you get to serve it yourself.  Very nice touch.Finally, today, I came here for breakfast and got a decaf flat white.  Best drink ever if you like lattes.  I appreciate that they can make it decaf and with the care they put into making the drinks, I can actually feel comfortable that it is indeed decaf.  I'm never quite sure with Starbucks.  I also got a blueberry scone, which was very tasty and actually a normal portion size!  I'm definitely going to become a regular flat white drinker and a regular at Sambalatte.
5	Maybe they read their yelp reviews, because my service here was great.  After ordering the pear tree green tea, the clerk asked me to wait right there and the barista would bring it to the counter.   When I ordered an apple tart and a choco-cappuccino (c'mon, I was there for 3 hrs), a server brought everything up to our seats on the second floor....quickly.  No questions.   Thanks yelpers!  As others have said, great ambiance but could use more seating.  And bigger little tables.  I sat in fear of an overturned French press for the better part of an hour.   Excellent friendly clerk who answered questions warmly and recommended teas to our party.  Bonus points for the flatscreen, book collection and table games on the second floor.  Just wish I lived closer to Boca....
5	When I moved from the Southwest side of Vegas to Green Valley area, I felt like moving from Queens to Manhattan.  I was never driving out of my little island to go to other neighborhoods/boroughs because there was nothing I need out of here.  Yes, I admit it, I was Southeast-centric!Then Sambalatte came on the scene and caused me to start eye-ing "grass on the other side".  There are many fantastic things you'll find in Vegas that don't exist anywhere else (Cirque performers working out at the local gym are on this list), but there are not that many coffee houses that make me want to camp out all day, until now.Sambalatte waltzed into a desert of gas station coffees and Starbucks to set up cozy shop in Boca Park (an area that tries a little too hard to be Angeleno-inspired) but I won't hold the location against it.  I just wish it was in my part of the city.  All right I'll be the first Manhattanite to want to go to Brooklyn for a coffee house.  A very special coffee house......one that has a bilevel interior, dark wooded bookshelves and outlet-lined desks, walls with hand-painted maps of countries from which they import their coffees and teas (coffee-countries are differently colored from tea-countries), artisanal coffee and tea drinks made with love and steam milk art, locally supplied macaroons and gelato, and receipts that print their WIFI network's daily passwords.When I'm not in Manhattan (yes I have no shame calling Southeast Las Vegas that), find me at Sambalatte (with my Nutella Latte and Cappuccino Macaroons).
5	talk about a taste of home! thanks to gems like sambalatte, i can feel my temporary stay in vegas becoming a longterm possibility. the first time i was introduced to sambalatte was about a month ago when a friend and co-worker delivered a yerba matte latte to me. she spoke of only great things about this hip new joint that was recently found it's home in boca park. i finally made my first visit yesterday after eating at grimaldi's for the first time. didn't have much time to hang out, but i know i will be back very very soon! sexy barista's, fresh atmosphere, pet friendly and retreat from everyday life.
5	I love the ambiance of this place! Very cozy, nice place to chat with friends or study.. They have a bunch of tables and comfy sofas & free wifi. I tried the black& white coffee? I think that was the name, but it was really good & I love the latte designs. Service is great and the employees are very friendly and helpful. =)
4	I have been here three times now. Once for a casual meetup, another for a laptop-work-day with a friend, and for the Yelp bookclub. On every occasion service has been friendly and prompt. Wireless works great. I have been able to find a place to plant myself. I have just a few small critiques of the place that can't be helped: it's hard to hear conversation upstairs when there's lots of chatter down below; seating is limited upstairs; tables are a tad small so, if you need to plug in, you're best bet is sitting at the one table up front designed for laptops. If I had been working on my thesis, I may have struggled for real estate for my books, laptops, papers. But I don't need to be a space hog anymore and if I'm on the West side of town, this would be my favorite coffee shop.
5	This  coffee shops goes beyond what Starbucks would ever be!  There are a variety of desserts to choose from.  I like that they had macarons (not to be confused with macaroon, please) on their dessert list as well.  I enjoyed a Nutella, Soy Latte.  It was coffee as it should be.  The baristas were also very welcoming and didn't mind talking about each dessert I asked about.  :)  There is an upstairs seating area, lap top table area, and an outdoor seating area as well.  Great atmosphere, great coffee, great desserts.
5	So I admit, I had been stalking Sambalatte ever since I saw their banner go up in Boca Park early last year. The idea that Las Vegas, let alone my neighborhood, would be home to a gourmet/annoying hipster coffee shop was so exciting. About a month before their opening, I saw their shop door open and lights on inside. I excitedly walked in on a crew of construction workers painting the walls. Oops.Now that they are open, my expectations have been reached and exceeded. The prices are cheap, the environment is awesome (the upstairs tables are classy as hell), and they offer delicious, delicious espresso drinks as well as brewed coffees (rivaled only by Sunrise Coffee, and it's a tough call). I love being able to choose whichever bean I would like, and I love that they brew their regular coffee with the manual pour-over method. I would enjoy it if they were open a bit later in general, and the weekday hours are a bit inconsistent and strange, but I won't hold it against them. I am just so happy to have such good coffee so close to home.
4	I loved it!  Cozy, warm...they already need to expand!
5	I look at Sambalatte as both a coffeehouse cafe and an Internet cafe. And it has become THE place to be. It's a local hangout and the talk of the town since it opened last fall. The setting is elegant, with a European feel about it, yet the atmosphere is casual, friendly and inviting, all at the same time.The coffees, green and white teas, pastries, desserts, sandwiches and salads are all top-of-the-line. And so is the service. I highly recommend it. There's no other place in town like it.
4	Sambalatte is defnitely the heart of the (Summer)'Lin!  It's a trendy and hip place to hang out.  They've definitely designed the place to be friendly for patrons to hang out because they have laptop friendly tables with outlets and lots of seating inside, outside and in nooks and crannies.The coffee:The nutella latte are hot chocolate/chocochino (?) are tasty!Tip:  Look out on weekends when everyone and their mom is looking to join in on the sambalatte fun.Conclusion:  Hip and trendy coffeehouse good for parking your bum.
5	Best coffee in Vegas. Great atmosphere, thoughtful employees, child-friendly...Sambalatte has it all. The cookies by the cash register are especially nice. Order an Americano for a beautifully basic coffee with no distractions of milk or sweeteners. Try a Flat White to enjoy coffee art. Are you a tea person? The Earl Gray with Lavender is lovely, especially if you add a lemon cookie.
4	In the mood for a great cup of coffee? This is probably the best, yes I'm saying it, the BEST spot in Vegas. After drinking waaaaay too much so called "coffee" confections from the big boys, I have a newfound love for this roasted tastiness. It's the simple things that make this place so great. Quality of the product, process and services with a touch of atmosphere makes this a must and one of Vegas' unique locals to chill and spend time with your fellow sippers.
5	I love this place, it doesn't even compare to Starbucks. The staff is super friendly and I love the atmosphere. They take their time with their coffees and teas and make excellent and pretty latte's. I like good strong coffee and for me the Guatemala is perfect. I still have so many more to try but I just love this place. It's a great spot to hang out with friends and also to read or study.
5	I don't generally rate a place on "value" but rather on it's overall quality.  This place is somewhat pricey for what you get but everything I had was delicious.  Note: I did not get coffee.  See below for what I bought.So far, I've had one of their mixed berry tarts and their Italian sandwich.  Both were warmed up for me.  Really nice pastry on the tart and the berries had that nice combination of sweet and sour that I like.  Most places oversweeten the berries or just put them on fresh.  Sambalatte did a good job balancing the flavors.The sandwich was nice too.  They put a nice olive oil on the bread - the oil was such good quality I checked the sandwich to see if there was olive in there.  Very nice ingredients, nice bread, and it was warmed just right.Also have had their Arnold Palmer lemonade they keep in the fridge towards the back.  That was really tasty.Have to say...I always wondered where those clothes you see in fashion shows were worn.  Always assumed people would wear them to parties and red carpet events but always wondered who wore those day to day - especially outside Manhattan, London, or Paris.  I wonder no longer - they all go to Sambalatte at 3 pm in the afternoon on the weekday.  Seriously, if I had stolen all the clothes the women were wearing in that place and sold them at full retail I could buy a Ferrari.
5	Sambalatte- you feel like you should be in Seattle because you are a such hip, coffeehouse place!We walked in last night at like 10:05pm and the barista said that they closed at 10pm.  But they let us walk around the shop and figure out what we wanted to order the next morning.  They explained how they make their coffee.  So much to type, but lets just say its not just ground up coffee beans that is brewed.  Lots of love and care goes into making your cup of Joe.So today, like clockwork, my husband and I headed into Sambalatte with our laptops and homework to setup shop.  I ordered the Dulce de Leche- espresso, milk, caramel and whipped cream.  I asked for mine nonfat and no whipped cream.  The husband ordered a black iced tea.Unfortunately, after we sat down, a barista came over and said that they were out of the Dulce de Leche, but she could make me something similar, so I said "perfect!".Out came this beautiful, large, ceramic soup-bowl-cup of delicious caramel latte-esq drink.  The husband's black iced tea came out in a very nice, large cool-looking glass.We both loved our drinks so much that we both ordered another!!  We sat there for about 3 hours.  The first hour was with friends of ours and the last two hours was us doing homework.  No one bothered us and I didn't feel like we were imposing on using their free wifi.I definitely would have liked more comfy chairs and foot rests, but I still loved this coffee place.My husband, who hates coffee places, said that he would like to go there probably once a week.They do one hell of a business there so I hope they are there for a long time!  Can't wait to go back and get more yummy coffee drinks!
5	wow..had their DACQUOISE OF RED BERRIES, omg...it can't get better than this...i was just hanging out, delaying some time before picking up my friend at McCarran and this place hit the spot completely!
5	The best coffee in Las Vegas. The staff is knowledgable on the products and incredibly kind. Beyond, the coffee this is a great place to meet with people or get away and work using their free wi-fi. The coffee is slightly more expensive than other coffee shops in the area, but the quality of the coffee makes it worth it.
4	We decided to give Sambalatte a try last weekend. We brought our laptops and set up shop upstairs. The place has a nice vibe.I got the Nutella cappuccino and my wife got the toffee latte. Both were quite good and had pretty designs in the cream on top.I'm not a big fan of desserts, however, I gotta say they have a nice display of delicious looking treats. We didn't get any this time, but next time we go I'll have to find my sweet tooth and give one a try.
1	Here's my update from my second time visiting Sambalatte.My sister was in town last weekend, so I thought to bring her to Sambalatte to check it out.  They didn't have iced white mocha on the menu, but they offer to make us some.  I'm guessing they only have one size for to-goers.....since they just assumed we want a large right when we ordered.  Then one of our friends got some gelato, and a red velvet cupcake.  The ice cream scooper yelled "one or two scoop", automatically the cashier said "two".  I noticed Sambalatte is a more high-end coffee shop and customers that go there wouldn't mind paying a little more for a bigger portion.  But without asking their clients what size/portion they prefer seem a little rude, plus what if he/she was on a diet and could only have a small/one scoop ice cream?The iced-white mocha, which I'm so thankful they offer to make us some, were not at all anything to our expectations.  The coffee were too light, you can't even smell or taste it.  Mostly it was all just milk and some type of sweetener that taste nothing like a white mocha.  They definitely got the look down, but my iced white mocha was not as yummy as it looks.  Also, the gelato is comparable to any grocery store ice-cream, not that great :/ All in all, now I know for sure I do not like Sambalatte's products.  But I do love their book collection upstairs :)
4	Determined to find a coffee shop that offered free wi-fi, caffeine to feed my habit, a chill five, and a decent work space, I started a mission to try every coffee shop in Vegas. Excluding Starbucks and Coffee Bean, I have been to 8 different places, and Sambalatte is definitely a top contender.Why I love it: Any place that can give me a tasty Nutella flavored, caffeinated drink immediately earns my love. They made my drink look pretty - major presentation points. There were plenty of outlets at the communal table so my millennial self could bring my laptop and get some work done. The live music that started around 6:30 pm the Tuesday evening I was there gave me some free.99 entertainment (However, this would be terribly distracting if I wasn't the type of person that requires loud noise to focus). What could make it even the more awesome: I could use more table space, but I know I'm just a table hog. I did my best to confine myself within a small amount of space at the communal table, but my neighbor managed to bump into me a couple times.
5	The drinks are always hot and served quick.  The 'trainee' who I assumed was the owner, was pleasant and friendly.  I really enjoy this place.
5	This is my second time here and I love it. Today I wanted what I had the last time which was a meat and cheese platter with fruit. They didn't have that plate so they made me one fresh.  It wasn't exactly the same because their center cup was filled with pecans instead of apricot. But no big deal. It was  great. This is now my go to place when I have time. So much better than StarStrucks.
4	Credit when credit is due.  This place is good.  The baristas have it right.  Kudos to a job well done.  And you'll do yourself a favor by coming here for a cappuccino.
5	Who knew there was such great coffee in LV.  I try and visit every trip!  Their drip is a pour over using Hario:).  They always deliver on the Latte art and the ambiance is excellent.  Free wifi and dog friendly.
5	A very good cafe with well balanced roasts . The ambiance is pretty good. I recently discovered this place. Skip the chains and get a real brew.
4	I've been to Sambalatte twice and have enjoyed both experiences. If you're into hip cafes with good music and great coffee, you'll love Sambalatte.When you walk in, you'll feel like you're in San Francisco or maybe even Seattle. There are little tables and chairs in one section, comfy little couches in another and upstairs as well, and a small section of chairs lined up on a table that has outlets for you to plug in your laptops.There is usually someone singing and playing live music, which I LOVE. The first time I visited Sambalatte, there was a singer playing the guitar and singing--his voice sounded like John Mayer's. He was great!The coffee is delicious, and my boyfriend, being the coffee connoisseur that he is, fell in love with the place and its coffee immediately. I've had a chai tea and mocha cappuccino there. Both were sweet but not overly sweet, and creamy. However, the cappuccinos are huge and maybe not a good idea to drink if you're lactose intolerant. I can usually handle a regular cappuccino, but I may order soy next time I drink a Sambalatte cappuccino.Not only do they serve coffee, but also little sandwiches and salads as well. I ordered the turkey and swiss, served on ciabatta bread and had a bit of cranberry in it. Yummy!It's a great place to relax, sip a nice cup of tea or coffee, maybe read one of their many books that they provide, and listen to live music. It can get a little crowded and I imagine as the word continues to spread, it may be something I'll have to just stop into and order my coffee to go, which I'll be sad about because I love listening to live music.
5	Can't say enough wonderful things about this place. Wonderful atmosphere. Amazing coffee. Great "treat" drinks (we tried the Nutella latte) and delectable light bites (quiche). The atmosphere reminded me of places I'd frequent in Chicago.
5	A rather unproductive Saturday evening left me feeling groggy and inefficient. I needed to find an escape from my current surroundings, coupled with jolts of caffeine on demand. Thanks to word of mouth and the wonders of social media,  I was able to find Sambalatte Torrefazione. It had everything that I look for in a coffee shop, and then some.Upon walking in, I was welcomed with soothing live music from a local pianist. Such sophisticated sounds instantly triggered my simple mind into productive mode. Their coffee and tea menu were very extensive; something I need to delve more into for my next visit. I was happy to see that almond milk was available for use in their lattes. At the moment, I just needed a cheap slap in the face with caffeine, so I went with a simple cup of coffee. Apparently, the stuff is ground and made to order, so the even a simple cup of joe is not ready instantly. I didn't mind this, since I planned to sit here for a good amount of time.There was plenty of seating, with power outlets available at every corner of my eye. I situated myself at a small table for one against the wall. This was a place that welcomed caffeine fiends, as well as their electronic companions (free wi-fi)- a place perfectly situated for me.The coffee was very good. I didn't have to mask it's flavor with loads of sugar and cream like this other place I frequent (*cough* Starbucks *cough*). It was very sip-able coffee, which was exactly what I was looking for. This all definitely helped me I zone out to the readings that I needed to catch up on.Yeah, the price is a little more than the usual coffee place, but Sambalatte Torrefazione offers more than the usual: Live music, top-notch quality ingredients, real mugs (for indoor sipping), and a very welcoming and modern ambiance. The slight premium is a small price to pay when you're looking for a caffeinated getaway.
5	Awesome drinks everytime! Again my drink was perfect, took a little long but perfect!
5	This is a great, locally owned, coffee house. The service is impeccable and the coffee and food is outstanding. I've been here twice, and both times it was packed. This is truly what a local coffee joint should be. Well done!
5	I'm changing my review! yay! I wanted to love Sambalatte and now I do!I was disappointed the last few times I went, because the coffee was weak, the prices were insane, and the customer service was not excellent.I left for school and came back for winter break it is really changed.The barista that helped me was excellent. I wish I had gotten his name, but he is the tall guy with the beard. He explained why they do not have dark roast coffees, and he actually seemed to care about coffee. Not to mention he actually asked me what size coffee I wanted (and didn't just charge me for a large, which is what happened to me 2 or 3 times before). The coffee was brewed to perfection. Plus, I love the to-go cups. They are integrated with a coffee sleeve as part of the cup. I am all about the little details, those were pretty cool. The atmosphere is still amazing. The barista just made it great though. I'll get his name next time and put it on here. Still my only complaint is that the food has no prices! Makes it feel like they are trying to scam customers a little. But overall it has really changed for the better!
4	I have become at least a weekly visitor of Sambalatte. I prefer getting my caffeine fix here than at Starbucks. Everything I get here feels like a high quality product. So far I've had the Nu coffee and the Iced Latte. I get either of those every time depending on if I need to cool off or just get a straight coffee fix. The Nu coffee is like a sweeter roast, I guess. From the description, I think it has chocolate tones to it. It has some ridiculous name that I will never remember but it has "Nu" in quotes in the name. So that's what I will stick to calling it. The place is nice and big, and I haven't even been upstairs yet. There is a long table specifically for laptop users. I love the outdoor seating, and there are water bowls out there for dogs as well. That's a big plus. I usually just grab mine to go though. There's a little wait once in a while but nothing too bad that I have experienced. The staff is always very friendly, the pricing isn't too outrageous and the coffee is strong. Those are my only real requirements from a coffee place. Everything else is just icing on top. Speaking of icing, I want to try the pastries and the gelato one of theses days. They look awesome!! Oh and the sugar shakers options are nuts. There's regular sugar, cain sugar, rock candy (I think) and a ton of other options. Come here once and you'll probably be hooked for life.
5	I love Sambalatte.  This is just what Vegas needed.  It is a beautiful, relaxing place with great tea and a wonderful staff.  Great place to hang out working on your computer, for a business meeting or for an outing with friends and family.
3	Coffee is only slightly better than Starbucks but the atmosphere is great!-Make sure to tell them the coffee drink size and your choice of milk-yes at more experienced coffee houses they will ask you but not here...-Pros: beautiful interior and good coffee and sandwiches-Cons: overcrowded and usually no place to sit inside, very expensive pastries and coffee.  Bland desserts!
4	Really great coffee with great desert here with live music and all.  A great place to get away from it all or a hard days work.  Especially here in Las Vegas.
5	My favorite is SUMATRA. Fresh Coffee, and great desserts.  Sambalatte is a great place to just relax, or place to meet your clients. Very unique Coffee Shop.Wonderful staff, and when you walk in, you do not feel like you are in Las Vegas.  I am a regular visitor of Sambalatte.
4	Their specialty coffees are really delightful and smooth. I haven't had their plain coffee yet but I am willing to try it cause what i've had so far makes me sad to go back to Starbucks. I love a good latte and they make them super foamy(!) and with a pretty flower design on top (!!). Then they serve it in a big,fat mug and I dont even need to add sugar. Great place to also chill with a laptop(free wifi) and "study" with a drink and maybe a snack. Sambalatte would get 5 stars if they fixed their food side. I would like it if there were signs so I could see what so-and-so is. When there's a long line behind you I feel bad asking the guy to explain everything to me and he has to look it up 'cause he's not sure either.
5	Sambalatte will satisfy every espresso lover and coffee enthusiast. Located in  Boca Park, they offer deliciously brewed coffee, food and teas at competitive prices. Walking through the door, the aroma of coffee beans and fresh baked pastries make your mouth water.  They have a great selection of desserts - ooh so pretty.   Great people watching as you can sit inside or enjoy the nice spring air outside.  Finally, you can relax and sip while enjoying the moments that make life worth living.
5	I've been to @sambalatte once and I effing love this place!  Great atmosphere, service and product!I stay nearby with some regularity and I am already looking forward to a return trip to this place.Cool coffeehouse here!
3	Hello Coffee Lovers!Sip! Savor! Socialize!I drove ALL the way across town yesterday just to try this much talked about place!May I be honest?  Well, the good first: Upon approaching the lovely shop, I see many, hip, stylish folk enjoying the sun as they sip on their latte... So, I walk in and, Wow! I immediately love it here & wonder, why, oh why, do we not have one in Henderson / Green Valley area?  I mean, we are hip too! At least, I am! :)   The decor, the music, the people, the vibe - All Tops!  However, since I did not have time to stay I decided to get a Fazenda Lagoa to go.  I was all excited to sip the hot, dark liquid and then... the unexpected happened --- I tasted filter, I tasted the filter that they poured the espresso thru... now, I do not wish to be unfair - so, I tried again and again and still the same yucky filter taste... am I alone?  I really wanna love them...Well, anyone who knows me - knows that I LOVE Coffee! There is no doubt about it!  So, with that being said... I will give them another try and take the time to savor the ambiance and the java...  I look forward to another visit and the ability to maybe socialize and blog my little heart away for any number of hours...I have the feeling that sneaking away from the humdrum of work will be well worth it! Cheers!your constant companion,~deirdra
5	Great coffee - if you are looking for a coffee shop that serves great coffee that isn't part of a chain, look no further.  Didn't get a chance to try the food, which looked good.  Friendly staff and lots of them at busy times.
5	I love my coffee and I've wanted try this place since January. Arrived here just before closing 10:00 pm so I couldn't really enjoy the large table for laptop usage or just kick back and get some reading in. The selection here is large and offerings include various coffee drinks, teas, limited food, pastries and even in house made gelato. I tried the decaf latte and the apricot tart. My coffee was so rich in flavor, decent sized and the flavor was as tasty as a regular! The apricot tart was good also - not overly sweet and went perfect with my latte. I'll return here next time I'm in the area, but I'll take advantage of the comfortable lounge & pleasant surroundings of Sambalatte Torrefazione.
5	Located on the west side of town is a very hip, almost L.A. vibe coffee shop. Great atmosphere for some awesome specialty coffee, teas, & desserts, a place to study (there's free wifi), or a place to socialize. Very friendly owners & staff.
3	For quite a bit of time I've been looking to find a coffee house that would have the right blend of good coffee, good ambiance at an affordable price. So I decide to try this coffee house in Summerlin having seen good reviews I had hoped to find that kind of place that would be well balanced.First thing first I enjoyed the ambiance, the interiors are well planned and opened. They had a good singer and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves in the great afternoon, the pastries and food menu seemed very appetizing. But the rest is not all that great, we went about ordering a specialty coffee, an iced hazelnut latte with some small pastries.  The coffee was ok in flavor and nothing all that special, the hazelnut latte seemed to lack flavor and was not well made after a few sips we stop drinking it. The pastries were bland and honestly I've had better at my local starbucks. The pick up area for the drinks did not give me confidence either anyone could just walk up to your order and spread any amounts of germs and bacteria without any of the employees having any idea that this sort of thing matters when it comes to your food and drinks.For what I was charged I expected better and I wasn't impressed, I like the ambiance and the place but besides that I can't see a reason to comeback.
5	Perfection.This is THE best cafe in town for several reasons. Not only do they have pastries that look and taste like they come from a renowned patisserie, but their coffee isn't as expensive as chains like Starbucks or other popular cafes like It's A Grind.The spring season is the best time to be there because the whole plaza has outdoor seating. If you want the whole European feel of cobblestone streets, soft lights and mild conversations, this is the best place in Vegas for it.In the inside, the cafe is two stories with sofa seating and a flat screen tv, overlooking downstairs like a balcony. They also have a long table with numerous power outlets for those on laptops. Internet card is provided for those who make a purchase.Occasionally, they will have someone singing and playing guitar. No worries, its not some stoned idiot- its someone who knows what they're doing.Oh, and they sell macaroons. This place is flawless for a date.
4	It is 10 am on a Tuesday morning, and this place is bustling with business people, families, and everyone else in between just enjoying this beautiful day! I am sitting at the communal table with my laptop and iPhone charging, using their free wifi so that I can complete this review (and get some work done too).  But, the upstairs seating and outdoor tables are packed as well.  I have been here three times now, ordering different drinks each time.  I am a huge fan of the Nutella latte (decaf for this preggo lady) and the Iced Green Tea.  The Chai Tea Latte, however, which is usually my "go-to" drink was a bit too spicy for me though.  Perhaps that is how it is supposed to be, and I have just grown accustomed to the milder versions.  I'll stick with the latte and green tea in the future. I also have a sweet tooth so I appreciate all of the decadent pastries.  So far, I have tried a Pear Tart and the blueberry scone- all of which were excellent.  A little on the pricier side, but the perfect accompaniment to my cup of joe. However, I think the main draw that has me coming back is the atmosphere.  I telecommute for my job, and I'd rather work away here, than in the solitude of my home office. But, I am looking forward to coming in the evenings (leaving the laptop at home) with hopes to check out some musical talent.  It's a perfect place for a date, a group of friends, or even solo.  And if you are solo, and need something to read- there are plenty of books and current magazines to keep you company.
4	This was a random stop since my friend & I were looking for a place to hang out.  Very relaxing & enjoyable atmosphere. The teas were GREAT!  Wish they had something like this in SD.  Will definitely stop over again next time.
5	Maybe the best Affogato I had. Excellent Espresso.
5	Great food, service and atmosphere....love it here.
4	Best white mocha, ever.The hubby is not so much of a coffee fan, but after tasting mine, he was sad he didn't get one lolThe price may have even been better than Starbucks. The service is great. Free wifi... And even though my coffee was to go, it had a pretty leaf decoration in the foam, which was also tasty.My only woe here and thus the reason for the 4stars is the hipster-y, holier than thou crowd/atmosphere. People look like they got that haircut just to come here-lame. Perhaps future visits will persuade me towards the coveted 5, but what do I expect? It's Boca Park.
4	This place was recommended to me by my friend who sells her cupcakes there and let me just say I was not disappointed. The coffee is awesome and the people are friendly. They sure do know their coffee. I'm more of a sweet coffee drinker but a staff member suggested the flat white which is just espresso and silkened milk and I was hooked. The only complaint I have about this place is that they need to educate their staff about the desserts because no matter which one I asked about the answer was let me check or I don't know. Other than that the whole vibe of this place is awesome a true coffee shop in the middle of a busy shopping center.
4	Nice coffee shop.  The service is good and the place is very clean.  Pastries are ok but veeery expensive.  To me the coffee tastes a little bitter, maybe it is because I am used to a different one.  Overall a good experience.
5	Staff really nice. . .set-up really cool. . .BEST iced mocha I've ever had!
4	The atmosphere and coffee are fantastic.The main barista( a man) is very professional and great with customers.The lady who is the manager behind the counter is rattled by any out of the ordinary request and makes you feel like you are 5 years old and may be called to the principals office at any moment.  She is the only down side to the place.  When the owner is present....everyone works better and are nicer to the patrons.  Clearly the food is an afterthought.  Limited inventory and lack of knowledge of the staff to food served is very evident.No comparison on the quality of coffee and the atmosphere.
4	My sister and I stop by Sambalatte a few times but in the evening and the crew was very nice, however, today the cashier lady was very rude.  She was nice to the customer behind me though because she kept wanting to help her instead of me.  I ordered (nicely as always) but not only did she seem unhappy to help me she seem to want to help the customer behind me instead.  She put the muffin I ordered on a plate but I wanted it to go (she didn't ask me)  so I had to interrupt her conversation with the customer behind me which she seem unhappy about.  At the end of the transaction she didn't even say thank you she practically threw the receipt at me.  I still gave a 4 star because most the time the staff are nice and I love the pastries and coffee. I will probably avoid going there in the day time, though.
4	I like Sambalatte a lot.  The location is in the middle of the west side, the staff is pleasant and helpful, the selection is exceptional.I like Sambalatte because it is almost pitch-perfect in its conception and location - and my few exceptions (detailed below) are really quite minor.  It isn't an expensive coffee shop that should really just sell-out to Starbucks, and it isn't thrown together at all.Sambalatte takes OCD to the max when it comes to its product.  Among its many selections are pastries worthy of royalty brought in fresh daily, sandwiches on baguette and soups, even a delightful selection of cookies and biscuits.  However, the real strength comes from its coffee.I am by no means a coffee connoiseur, but Sambalatte makes me question that statement.  Not only are there a number of fine locally-roasted brews available seasonally and the standard lattes performed like art, Sambalatte also has options for the adventurous.  My favorite is the chemistry set that can be used to brew fresh coffee table-side for that special Ethiopian Yergacheffe.I am a tea connoiseur, and, other than some persnicketiness that comes with knowing a product well, I find that Sambalatte puts most other cafes to shame with its selection of fine loose teas.  You'll only find a larger selection at Teavana or Tea Station, and neither has the ambience (Teavana is not a cafe.).There are a few things that keep it from being the only place I drive fifteen minutes to for coffee, tea and pastries.1. Despite the large selection of quality loose tea and a near obsessive attention to detail, Sambalatte's method for brewing these teas is a coffee press.  This may seem like a small detail, but teas over-brew if not removed completely from water.  Also, the number of ready-to-pour iced teas is limited, but good.  A non-ready-made chai would also be nice (Picky, I know, but worthy suggestions for a place that gets so much right.).2. The seating in Sambalatte is not my favorite.  Other than cafe tables and chairs, the "cozy" seating is largely outdoor furniture (comfortable), including a pair of park benches.3. The final gripe I have is about price.  Now, I'll be honest, I am the guy who will hang at a coffee house for hours, taking advantage of cheap refills, but Sambalatte's pricing is pretty steep in some areas.  For one, a perfectly good iced tea at the Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf will run about $2.80 for 32oz. at Sambalatte you get about 20oz. for the same.  Also, most of the pastries are between $4-6 and a plate of antipasto can run $18.  The main thing is I am, and will remain, a regular customer.
5	I have only made a couple of visits here thus far, but every time, it's outstanding.  Delicious coffee drinks, cold or hot and they seem to take everything into account and invest heavily in "doing it right".  The array of pastries looks amazing, but I have yet to indulge.  Nice relaxed atmosphere, great service and top notch flavors!
3	Different atmosphere, went there to waste some time since I wanted to check the place out. During my visit there was live music, which wasn't as annoying as some live music can be at times. Very relaxed vibe, a lot of people were reading, working on their laptops using the stations set up for them, and even playing board games. Menu offers many varieties of coffee & desserts to choose from. Tried the iced white mocha and it was really good.Prices for the drinks aren't too bad, mostly ranging from $2-$4, however the dessert was a little pricey, $7 for a square inch piece of chocolate cake. Tasted good but would have been nice if it was a little bigger. Overall I liked the vibe and the drinks & food were good so I would definitely recommend trying this place out. Also the free wifi is a plus for anyone trying to get some work done there.
4	I wish I could give it a 4.5.This time I took my daughter,we ordered for here, and she demanded we check out upstairs. She ordered pear tree green tea and was impressed by the presentation,as was I- you get your own individual steeper? Not sure what it's called,see the pic I posted. Her tea was delicious,plain or with honey.Got my usual white mocha,presentation also gorgeous,neat leaf design in huge black cup and saucer. I even held the saucer as I drank,lol!!!The upstairs is cool-flatscreen,magazines, and a variety of seating.This place grows on me, especially since I love this damn drink and crave it.
5	My new favorite coffee shop!  I love the feeling you get when you walk in here...like to should plan to stay for a few hours and relax while having a fancy coffee/tea, and the pastries they have are delicious! Great prices. Just watching them make the drinks feels like an adventure...I love it!  The design in my coffee made me smile :)  Well worth going!
2	Went to try this place out because of all the positive reviews I've read. I wish I can say I loved this place, but I was disappointed. I ordered the Nutella drink and it was weak with flavor and lacked the punch I was hoping to get. I also ordered some pastries that weren't that great. The atmosphere is great and the overall presentation was to my liking, but the quality of the drinks lacked and the disgruntled baristas seemed to put a fake smile on. Too much hype for nothing great.Human Bean will always be my top list. Their flavors are unique and quite delicious. The baristas are always nice and they remember you by name. It's a small drive through on Forte Apache  by Tropicana and it's the closest thing to Portland cafes! Sambalatte just seems to be rated high because it is a beautiful cafe, trendy but not really worth a trip to the other side of town.
5	Good tea and good desserts.Nice place to study or chill and socialize.They have a table with outlets for laptops.  There are plenty of seats.
5	This is a cozy coffee shop that gives off a relaxing vibe. When I came there with my friend they even had a band playing. I'm not sure what type of music they were playing but it was very mellow. My coffee was too pretty to drink but I guzzled it down anyways. My only regret about this place is that it closes so early 10pm. I wish they could stay opened till 12am at least....this is Vegas you know.
4	The place is small, noisy and hot. I wouldn't go  to read a book., at least not on a weekend. lattes and pastry. Both are terrific. Coffee is specially good, nearly spectacular.  One of the best I've had in Vegas. Beverages are very are well crafted. Kudos to the baristas. Service is great and very helpful. A while ago, I was interested in buying a grinder and received very good tips from one of the employees. He even showed me the different kind of grinds and the products. Since then , I have home-brewed and gradually bought decent equipment. For something different and delicious try the hot spicy chocolate with whip cream. Lattes are my favorites but "cafe con leche" is also quite good. As far as I'm aware, in the southwest part of the city, there is no other coffee shop that can touch Sambalatte.
5	After having yummy coffee in Portland, Oregon I was on a search to find something similar in Las Vegas. Suffice to say that Sambalatte fit the the bill. The staff is friendly and willing to answer any questions you may have without the "you should know the answer" attitude. Always a plus in my book I must say. This place is always busy. Since finding Sambalatte on Yelp I have managed to visit many times I have lost count. That's how great this place is. I have had the mocha latte as well as the chocolate cappuccino. Both delicious and they  look so beautiful you just want to admire from afar but can't help yourself to drinking them. The french macarons are good and so is the chocolate croissant. You sort of just want to stay there all day with a cup of coffee in  one hand. My daughter also enjoyed her hot chocolate with marshmallows and she also tried some sort of smoothie, which I also had a taste of she loved it as well.
4	A new take on coffee experience, nothing like starbucks or the typical American coffee houses. So far the drinks ive had are good, strong and enjoy the essence of coffee.
5	Awesome espresso and - I AM an espresso junkie. The desserts are super yummy and the staff has always been friendly.  It's way out of my area, but I make the trek just because I love the coffee and atmosphere. Great little set up with wi-fi, and outdoor seating for you and your 4 legged friend.
5	Staff: I come so much I'm on a first name basis with every employee.  They're so friendly, to frequent customers and new-comers alike.  They familiarize themselves with your personal preferences, it makes for a very pleasant experience.  They know their stuff.  If I'm ever hesitant to try something new, they explain the texture of the coffee, the bean, the ice!!  They're like sommeliers, but for coffee!The goods: I always brag about their coffee.  People offer to pick me up coffee from places like Starbucks and I always decline.  "It tastes so mainstream" :P.  I love watching them make it, it's like watching a science fair.  And I enjoy that it doesn't taste the same every single time.  It always has that hint of familiarity, but I think the quality comes from the practice of grinding it fresh, and it'll always have a new essence to it.  Sometimes I go to Coffee Bean and I can always count on it to taste exactly the same every single time, like it was made on a conveyor belt, which is fine; but I'm partial to the fresh surprise of Sambalatte.  There's such a huge selection and it keeps getting bigger.  The manager has added smoothies to his menu now as well.  The food can get a little pricy but if you're there for a while and Jason's Deli seems too far, their sandwiches are just as good.  I'm a fan of their lemony cupcake thingys, and I'm always tempted to purchase a handful of their truffles or macaroons.Atmosphere: I'm home.  From the decor to the entertainment.  It looks like a chem lab/library.  Books, games, cards, laptop station, etc.  If I forget one of my books (which is unlikely), there are a plethora of other books to choose from.  I'm a fan of live music, and there's a musician for almost every night of the week.  Some could say it's too loud, but noise doesn't bother me, in fact I like that it'll occasionally drown out mundane conversations that I inadvertently end up eaves dropping on.  I don't think you can go wrong with Sambalatte.  Whether you're going to sit and chat it up with a friend for hours and hours, or you need a quick caffeine fix before class/work, Sambalatte is your best bet.  Just make sure you leave enough time to order your drink and have them prepare it, because 89% of Summerlin will have the same idea you do.
1	This place is alright the service wasn't great and they messed my order up and took a while to correct it, let's put it this way I'm probably never going to go there again
5	i always come back here for the macarons, flew here straight from France, love the pistachio and grape/currant flavors.  The ice cappucinno here always cool down a hot day plus give me a boost into the evening, what i like here is that they have a bottle of agave nectar ready to sweeten the ice drinks nicely.  I can never understand how crystalize sugar would work in a cold drink.
5	I went on a mission today to try some place new to study/write! A couple people recommended Sambalatte to me and based on reviews off I went to check it out! I was not disappointed. The coffee was spot on! I wasn't sure what I wanted when I walked in but ended up with a Iced Mocha Latte, amazing! And since I was studying I decided a treat was in order and got a chocolate covered coconut macaroon, also good. The staff was very helpful. As for the studying I got a lot of work done. The Internet connection was fast and there were tons of spots to plug in my laptop. It was a little crowded but I like the occasional distraction of people watching. I'll be back soon!!
5	I love this place!!! The place is so beautiful and in a great location! Free wifi if you buy an item and free books and games to use while drinking coffee. It's very contemporary and such a chill place to go. They offer authentic Argentinian coffee tea. I love the peppermint latte so good. And they always make cute designs with your foam. I'd suggest to try their warm sandwiches it has their special champagne mustard spread. Yum! Not that I'd really eat mustard off of the jar but I mean I think I might break the moral code on that one...if u catch me eating their mustard with a latte...just don't judge me. That's all.
5	Sambalatte definitely a favorite.  After coming back form South America, I was not sure if I would be able to drink the shit we have in the states, but this coffee house serves up boutique style, individually brewed drinks which gives all other coffee chains a run for their money.As an avid coffee drinker and health nut, I appreciate the almond milk option and opt for the almond milk latte every time.  So perfect, no sweetener is even necessary.Great ambiance and even better coffee. Love love love this place.
3	This coffee shop in Boca Park is totally cute.  It reminds me of a trendy coffee shop in Seattle or something.  I'm no longer in school, but this would totally be a comfortable spot to plug in your laptop and study.  When I was there, they had a Jason Mraz-y guys singing with his guitar.. he was actually really good.  Made us sit there longer than we expected.Its slightly pricey in my opinion, but its good.  I'm not huge on coffee or whatever.  The Nutella latte was strong, but tasty.  I can't speak to the other drinks there... but I did notice they had a large tea selection.  Looking forward to my next visit for a Chai tea.  I got a macaroon too... kind of pricey at $1.25 each?  I don't know, maybe it's because I'm so used to stuffing my face with them at buffets.Anyway, the place is awesome.. there are board games in the comfortable upstairs.  I could picture myself sitting at a table playing jenga with friends for awhile here.  The ambience really makes this place.  Not bad at all!
5	A friend and I visited Sambalatte because of the stellar reviews. Over one hundred enthused customers can't be wrong. And they weren't. Sambalatte is such a beautiful concept and flawlessly executed, Starbucks could learn a thing or two. I enjoyed their selection of authentic South American coffees and even though it wasn't a large selection, it was top quality. Their knowledgeable staff could help choose a brew or take home coffee that it right for your tastes. The building is beautiful, clean, and homey. There was live music in the evening and we, being upstairs, were even visited by a barista who took our dishes and asked if we needed anything. Fabulous!!!! The only downside is the nearly torrential flow of customers. We lucked out with a great place to sit, but it was packed during our entire stay. Not enough of a con to take away a full star. I actually wish places like this success and having a full house is a great sign of profitability. I've read negative reviews highlighting the lack of seating, the price, and the taste of their food/beverages. I said my bit on the seating issues, and I feel like the price issues are completely unfounded. Consider the source of their coffees, teas, and pastries. They do not use low quality ingredients and ethically source their beans. Even the coffee giant Starbucks has had to raise their prices because their high dollar contracts with suppliers doesn't save them that much money. And then the taste issue is annoying. If you like caramel frappe's and frappuccinos with extra caramel or mild coffees with eight sugars and extra cream... wrong place for you. McDonald's is right around the corner. Please don't write reviews on this place based on an uneducated palate. However, if you enjoy chai, lattes, hot teas, espresso, cappuccinos, and high quality sophisticated treats, this is a place that will lift your soul. Still don't believe me? Try the iced chai and apricot tart and get back to me. ;)
5	I have been here with groups people, I've camped out in the corner by myself, and I have met friends here for intimate chats. No matter what your agenda, Sambalatte has only one goal: serve you great coffee and comestibles at decent prices in an inviting atmosphere.The science-fiction-esque cold drip, hourglass-shaped gravity pots are not only fun to watch but make a damn fine cup of coffee, too. It's something you can't rush, however; give yourself plenty of time to let the coffee brew; it takes about 10-15 minutes just for the coffee part, not including the setup and delivery. Three to five cups of coffee in each one (depending on you and how you consume or doctor your coffee) make it worth the price.I also loved the Nutella Latte. Not too sweet, the flavor was a well-balanced mix of the Nutella flavor we all know and love (and if you don't, we can't be friends anymore! ;)) and a rich coffee roast. Perfect.The teas are bold and fresh, too, and I particularly liked a green and black blend (unsweetened) that I had. Pair it with some fresh fruit (either a cut plate or whole) and you have a fantastic Vegas summer snack.The cheese plate was better than some high-end establishments I have frequented, quiches are light on texture and heavy on flavor, and the desserts are... diabetic coma, anyone? You can share any of it, the portions are that good (and, let's face it, the more you share the more you can order and taste!).The rating comes from amazing experiences every time I go. It is worth all the we're-in-Summerlin-we're-exclusive hype? Nope, not at all. It's mostly hype... ... however, look past that, over the heads of the wannabes and the want-to-haves (there are always a few, people watching is GREAT!), and you find some fun, engaging, coffee-loving folks who enjoy patronizing even more fun, engaging, coffee-loving folks who make great drinks and tasty, fresh food for any craving. That is what makes this place awesome. Add to that reasonable prices, live music, cozy decor, and a good location, and it's definitely worth it.
4	Great ambiance and coffee, but the dessert (I got a tiramisu and another cake - chocolate and hazelnut for 2 people) was overpriced and not worth the $7 per cake. Loved the live music. They also have board games and free wifi.
5	The gnu coffee I mentioned in my review has been discontinued. The other coffees are still awesome. I just discovered that even their frappes kick the shit out of Starbucks' frappucinos. Currently enjoying the hell out of a tahitian vanilla frappe. :)
5	I love this hipster coffee joint!I came here with a friend to grab a couple drinks and treats. They had FIFTEEN different teas to choose from, all of which were loose leaf (hell yeah). They also had a good selection of coffee drinks and a large selection of tasty looking pastries. I got a large Lavender Earl Grey for under $3 bucks which was more than enough for two people and she got a large blended beverage (I totally don't recall what it was, but it was huge) and meringue cookies for the both of us. My Earl Grey was VERY aromatic. I almost felt like someone was trying to suffocate me in a pile of flowers. That sounds like a bad thing, but I mean it in the most pleasant way possible. It was very flavorful and they served it in a French press, which was a very nice touch (just don't forget to press it down after a few minutes). The meringue cookies were delectable and came in different flavors. We both had one raspberry and one pistachio each. They just melt in your mouth; it was perfect with my tea. While sitting down enjoying my tea, I studied the place and noticed they have more places to sit upstairs, board games and Jenga to play, lots of outlets to plugin your electronics, a bowl of food/water for dogs, and Gelato. They have many tables that are pretty close to each other, but they are kind of small, so you could probably only fit no more than your laptop and a drink on most of them. They do have a good amount of larger tables though in case you're there to study, which would be a great idea as this place is very chill. In fact, this might just become my go-to study spot when I'm back in Vegas permanently.
5	This place is cool. Like others have reviewed..nice to finally have a splash of culture in the area. We need more like this. Oh and the drinks and pastries are off the hook too!
5	Two words: Nutella latte. So indulgent, but so tasty. And the same can be said for the majority of the menu, food and beverage alike. I haven't been disappointed by anything yet.The decor is cute, and I love the upstairs area for plugging in a laptop and doing some writing or web surfing. They have an astonishing number of plugs.The only thing that could improve this coffee shop would be staying open 24 hours. Even so, it's still my favorite coffee joint, and I drive across town to get there.
5	It's an Europian coffee shop where u can sit outside and enjoy your drink.They make good machiato(my husband loves it),delicious and healthy smoothies.I love that ginger peach hot tea..We go there almost 3 times a week.But know that my hus is in vacation we will come often.We take his parents too,cause as Europian we like these kind of places.I forgot to mention it,you don't forget to try the gelato,especially the chocolate one...
5	How do I compare all other coffee spots after Samba? I am ruined forever. The ambiance alone is worth an entire review but, i refuse to tire your eyes on my useless ramblings of the wood tones, beautiful library-sheek furniture, and just plain wide open head space.The real reason I'm writing this review is because I have had a recurring dream about Samba since spending a month back home in September...and only the good places make you crave in the unconscious. THE main craving involves my very first meal getting off of the mid day flight. I say meal because I indeed ordered five "courses"...and it took everything in me to share each one of them. First, the Nutella Latte was unbelievable: espresso was perfectly cooked making it VERY balanced, NOT AT ALL bitter, and nutella just complemented it so well *le sigh*.Next was the ham and brie which came on a fresh baguette of crusty goodness. I ended up chopping up in thirds to share...but inside i wanted to break out a whip and back out the door with it (That's right, an Indiana Jones reference. What of it?). Last and definitely not least...dessert. Samba has tons of confectionery creations but I went for the most eye catching ones: the chocolate caramel pyramid, the cascade, and tiramisu dome. All practically melted onto your tongue with the least of chewing effort possible. the pyramid is by far the best dessert i've ever had in Vegas, hands down. Samba is another one of those great finds tucked away in Summerlin. I feel so freaking blessed for living roughly...2 minutes from here. Now...if there would only be a way to convince the owner to open 24 hours a day...I would literally quit my job tomorrow and live full time in Las Vegas...It's THAT good.
5	Are all coffee shops created equal?  36 hours ago, I would've generally agreed.  Then I went to this place.  How can this place be different?  Well, it's tucked in an unassuming upscale shopping center in Summerlin.  I saw they didn't just have the regular 2 flavors like the big green Seattle place, but they had 7.  Hmmm.  Impressive, but they must be sitting on the warmer all day I thought.  Then I ordered and watched them.  Well, she got the beans out and ground them.  Put a filter over a mug.  Put the grinds in the filter... you get the idea.  She made my coffee to order.  No warmers around.  I saw some dude getting some tray of grapes, cheeses, etc.  Gelatto.  They had a huge choice of teas.  Damn, this place is solid.  I'll be back, but I can see this place always being packed like it was when I was there.
4	I am a new convert to coffee, introduced to the joys of caffeine by my coffee-connoisseur husband (really! the man used to home roast his own beans and owns a top-of-the-line espresso machine AND grinder).  We went here on a 'date night' and I was reminded of how much I like this place: good brew, yummy pastries, very cool interior, live music!  The only thing that may deter would-be patrons is the relatively high prices for the goods: I want to say about $5 for a muffin?  (They're really good, though...)  I'm really glad there's a non-Starbucks hangout place on the west side, especially one with beautiful wood tones and ridiculously high ceiling!
5	Wow.  I'm not one to "hangout" at coffee shops, but Sambalatte is definitely a place I could meet friends at and just chill.  As everyone is saying the ambiance is great.I've only been once and got a simple iced coffee.  The place definitely has a hipster vibe to it.  I'm sure I'll be back.
5	Cool trendy place to chill and enjoy great coffee. Definitely need more places like this in Vegas.
5	Yum. This place was awesome. First off... I love the selection of Macarons. I think there were like a dozen. And they melt in your mouth. My frozen Vanilla coffee drink was fantastic and didn't wire me up too much. The place is practically designed for college students in need of a great place to study. There were outlets EVERYWHERE. There's even a second level that I will explore next time. The service was fast, friendly, and helpful when I had stupid questions. I will definitely be back to sample more awesomeness.
5	I heard about Sambalatte from a friend of mine and had been meaning to check it out. I finally went in there yesterday and I am definitely impressed.  The atmosphere is great. The staff is very friendly. They have tables with power outlets and plenty of seating crammed into a small space, which is good since it was really crowded when I went in at 10:30am. There is also seating upstairs. I didn't go up there, but I hear it's fancy! I ordered a vanilla latte and a butter croissant. The latte was amazing. The espresso flavor definitely stood out but wasn't overpowering, and the vanilla didn't get in the way of it. Definitely a good coffee-to-vanilla ratio thing going on. The croissant looked and felt a bit crunchy on the outside, but once I tore a piece off it was pretty great. Nice and flaky on the outside and moist on the inside. Very tasty. I was watching them brew some coffee while I was waiting and it looks like they grind the beans for each cup individually right before brewing. Nice touch.With so many different coffee and tea drinks to try (not to mention all the food items!), I'll definitely be back. If you're reading this, you're probably looking for a good coffee place, no? Stop reading and go there. Seriously. Like, now.
5	Still love this place!  Went in at 8:30pm last Saturday night.  Didn't want any caffeine so I opted for the Nutella Hot Cocoa.  Yea, it was delicious!Sat upstairs where it was nice and cozy.  They close up shop at 10pm, but let you hang out until they are completely done cleaning up.  I left at 10:15pm (not even realizing) and they were super cool. :)Love this shop!  I only wish they had a drive-thru!
5	When Border's by my house closed down, I was in search of somewhere new where I could get out of the house and avoid my typical distractions. Hello Sambalatte!!!  I love this place despite the foot traffic, I still managed to get way more done than if I was at home on my computer in my makeshift office.I ordered:  Peach Ginger Tea and a Chocolate Chip BiscottiPretty simple order, I was saving my appetite for Kona Grill's Happy Hour (which is a few doors down from Sambalatte), but that's another review on its' own.     I liked the tea.  It was my first time to have a Peach Ginger Tea fusion.  It was bursting with flavor and I really liked it.  I'd definitely order it again, but there's so much to choose from on the menu that I'm going have to wait on that so I can experiment with the other flavors of tea .  my Biscotti was not too hard or too soft.  The amount of sweetness was perfect.  I don't think I can go here without ordering a Biscotti of some sort.  It was fresh in tasting too!Pros:  * Jenga !  Oh yes..the classic game alongside many other favs avail.  * Everything I ordered was delicious.  I can't wait to try the other tea!  * The selection of tea was astonishing.  I had difficulty choosing one  * upstairs, downstairs, and outdoor seating.  * plenty of available outlets for use  * clean location with an inviting atmosphere.  * comfy couches   * Free wifi !!Cons:  * packed.    * small space, but they do make good use of the space they got  *  they close earlier than I'd like.  I wish they'd extend their hours.  *  due to the traffic, it's difficult to find a seat.  I'm still working on trying to get a seat upstairs.  So far it's been a fail.  Overall:  I'd suggest this place to anyone who needs a internet access, a good tea, and just loves lounging at cafes.  Sorry Starbucks, Samba has won me over (now only if they were open later).Tips: *  If you want a good seat near an outlet, go early.. it gets packed *  remember they close earlier than your typical Starbucks *  come with a friend and challenge them in a game of Jenga!
4	They had me at NUTELLA LATTE! You just don't get much better than that. Unique drinks, great atmosphere, a table for your laptops, etc... this is a great place. My only issue is that I don't get to hang out there more often!
5	Having recently moved down from the pacific northwest, I've been looking for a place to capture the coffeehouse vibe that is along every other block in Portland or Seattle.  While the neighborhoods in Las Vegas are not nearly as quirky and lined with independent small businesses or have the weirdly hot baristas with the tattoos and piercings that would ordinarily be deal-breakers for me, Sambalatte Torrefazione definitely has it's own community vibe and decor which makes it a welcome caffeinated oasis both on a hot sunny day as well as a windy overcast day.  This place succeeds on so many levels where Expresso in the SE part of town comes up short.My first trip there occurred after work and I immediately gravitated towards the Nutella Latte.   I challenge someone to name something that doesn't immediately become more awesome with Nutella.  Nutella is like the ridiculously gorgeous girl towards whom guys are unable to make the comment, "She's not my type" since she is clearly everyone's type (i.e. pairs well with anything).  As I patiently waited for my beverage, I soaked in the scene with a young woman playing cover tunes on her acoustic guitar ranging from Michelle Branch and Norah Jones to Lady Gaga and Sheryl Crowe, taking sips of her latte in between and a few couches within a few feet for folks wanting the up close unplugged experience.  There were some nice patio chairs outside with umbrellas, and inside, the first floor has a bowling alley layout with a string of two seaters on your right, a nice long table accompanying 6-8 with multiple plug outlets for the studious on their laptops, and some circular tables in the middle for power lunches and casual get-togethers.  There is a staircase at the back leading to a second floor with an open room presumably for larger social gatherings, but I didn't get a chance to scope it out.  Aside from the diverse coffee and tea offerings, there was a beautiful display of pastries, desserts and colorful Parisian macarons, as well as soups/sandwiches/salads for a light meal, and a cozy little gelato bar with interesting flavors such as coconut and mango.  When my name was called and I took my first sip, the thought occurred that this Nutella Latte should be renamed the Nutellatte (trademark pending).  Rich, creamy, and nutty without being overpoweringly sweet, I definitely plan on pairing it with one of their delectable food offerings the next time I return.  Great mix of people, servers were attentive and polite, and architecture is unique and comforting.  Bonus points for free wifi (no time limit from what I could tell), 10 for 1 beverage punchcard, and I noticed they even have their own mobile phone app available for download off their website.  Hopefully there will be more cafes like these springing up across town, but I will be totally content if this is my sole getaway to recapture my days in the northwest.
4	For Vegas, this is about as good as it gets for good coffee. Decent eats and seating. Parking is easy. Prices are in line with the class.
5	What a polished venue.  Between the use of space, the color schemes, the preparation, but most of all.... the drinks.  Excellent, excellent, excellent.  I worked about a year or so as a barista then manager over at a Starbucks and since then, was swallowed into the coffee culture that Philadelphia/NYC/NJ offered.  When I moved to Vegas, I decided I just love the environment that a great coffeehouse can offer: the aromas, friendly, casual diners, art filled mindsets, and what the hell: DELICIOUS DRINKS.Sambalatte offers all of this, beautifully at that.  Located in Boca park, it offers coffee - each cup freshly ground and prepared so the acidity is minimal and the taste is effortless with minimal cream or sugar recommended.  (I'd like to mention the baristas were very knowledgable about each product and were very helpful.)A giant mural of the regions of each type of coffee blend as well as a very decent offering of tea is displayed.  What made it for me was the from-scratch whipped cream that was just decadent.  I had a nutella hot chocolate that just made my afternoon, drizzling and all, glow.  I cradled it on my way home and cursed the fact that I had work in a few hours and did not have the opportunity to enjoy the cafe to its fullest.  The upstairs area upstairs was my type of zone - a miniature library to coil up and catch up on a few chapters and just unwind.  I frankly can't wait to go back and try all their different drinks.  I just wish their hours were longer...
5	Great selections of coffee and tea. Small two story shop filled with hip people. Enjoyed a pot of vanilla rooibos tea, chocolate macaroon tea, smooth jazz and posh people there. Plenty of outlets and free wifi, also magazines and games available... very generous :) Perfect to study if you don't mind a little noise (I study better that way). BTW, owner is friendly Brazilian guy and he seems to really care about where he gets his beans. Definitely come back for more.
5	Wow! Last time I was in Vegas, I was looking for something a bit different from the normal Starbucks or major chain coffeeshop that seems to infest that town. I consulted Yelp and found Sambalatte. Then, I chatted up a local and guess what? They recommended Sambalatte as well!I had my car, so in I popped and off to Sambalatte I went. And let me tell you, it was totally worth the drive! There's a large outdoor patio, perfect for lounging with your pooch on a chilly winter day. There's a spacious lounge area near the door, plenty of tables past that, and an awesome bar area. To top it all off, instead of trying to ignore the folks with iPads and Laptops, Sambalatte totally caters to that audience by having an "electronics bar" with plenty of plugins. This actually works out as I saw many of those folks interacting with each other instead of sitting alone. Now, let's chat about the brews. They roast their own, seasonally. I tried the Sumatra, a darker blend. The best thing? You can choose a 16 oz cup!! As someone who frequents Intelligentsia Coffee in Los Angeles, I know how to brew good coffee. And these folks do it right. It tasted delicious.Please come to Los Angeles - you'll be SO POPULAR!
5	Absolutely, hands down the best coffee in Las Vegas. Sambalatte carries and roasts single source beans from a good variety of countries, and roasts them properly (as in not overly burning them like they do at the big chain places). Sambalatte's coffees are on-par with the best coffee houses like Ritual and Blue Bottle in San Francisco, and they are such a unique, refreshing and welcome addition to the city of Las Vegas!
5	Best indie coffee house on the west side!
5	It's not just for coffee!  My wife and I were there over the weekend.  I had the tomato bisque, she had the split pea, and we split the turkey and swiss sandwich.  All delicious!   Alexander was at the register--very friendly and helped us decide what to have.  Go and enjoy!
5	So coffee, tea, delicious pastries, and an awesome ambiance walk into a bar........If there is a heaven, and they have a coffee shop, this is its earth location, here's why:Magazines, books, and board games, plenty of seating (although it does get crowded), wifi, communal tables, live music, eclectic collection of teas and a variety of intriguing coffees, delicious pastries (macarons!!) informed and warm staff, outside seating, intelligent and carefully chosen decor.  This is a great place to reconnect with your inner-renaissance movement.  Rediscover your love of literature, music, new aromas, tastes, and good people.  If this review sounds too good to be true, it's only because you haven't been here yet.
4	I ordered the Iced White Mocha. It was delicious, I also had an eclair and chocolate dipped candied oranges. My husband had coffee and a danish. I was impressed to see chemex coffee pots and have each cup brewed right then.
5	'Sip. Savour. Socialize'Sambalatte is, by far, my favourite sit-down-and-talk spot in town. With great live music, a diverse blend of menu choices, magazines, friendly baristas, board games, it creates the perfect ambiance to simply kick back, take a sip and unwind. I may not be much of a coffee person but I see to it that everytime I do get a chance to stop by Sambalatte, I order a nice helping of deliciousness. Their tahitian latte, served cold, was absolutely amazing! At first it may seem a lil' more priced than the more commercial starbucks but try it first and see yourself wanting to go back the next week! On some occasions, they have open mic sessions for live music. We caught a live jazz duo playing smooth jazz fusion and a thursday night with John Colombo who, by the way, has an amazing repertoire, even accepts requests! From folk songs to disney classics to contemporary hits, he's one to look out for if you ever decide to stop for a visit. All in all, Sambalatte gives Vegas a classically refreshing touch of renaissance, a rare quality that couldn't be found amidst the vibrance at the strip.
5	A cool, trendy place for coffee and pastries. By far the best place for coffee in Las Vegas. No comparison to Starbucks, The Coffee Bean, etc. Located in prestigious Boca Park. If you have a car, its worth the drive.
5	I am so in love with this place and would come here for coffee everyday if I could. The ambiance is unlike any other and a perfect place to just sit back with a friend over a nice cup of coffee--which you can have brewed a variety of ways. I love their blended drinks and variety of munchies and pastries they have to order. The deli plates are perfect to share between friends. Sometimes they have live performances to add to the ambiance to make you forget you're in Vegas. Being that it is very much a place to socialize, seating does fill up and can get quite crowded.
5	If you want your coffee beans ground fresh right in front of you and then brewed old school style in a 1 cup filter, this place is for you. The only place I have ever experienced this was a coffee roasting cafe in Montana. Coffee here is outstanding, none of that burn't overoasted taste you find in other places. Really something unique in Vegas! After trying a coffee and desert in SambaLatte you'll say Starbucks Schmarbucks! Deserts are top notch too with fresh whipped cream, yum! My wife loves the sandwiches here as well.
5	I'd like to wait to write a review until I've been to Sambalatte again, but because it is so far from where I live it will be awhile before I make it out there again. So for this case I want to admit I adore this place and wish with all my heart I lived closer or it were closer to me. I love coffee joints and ones that do food, coffee, and tea with love and care. This is Sambalatte. The atmosphere, is yes, hipster, but the coffees are the draw for me, not so much the ambiance and type of people who frequent this place.It absolutely reminded me of the few coffee joints that populate the Reno River Walk area. It's an area which I miss terribly living in Las Vegas, because Las Vegas has no river walk to speak of. However, I can at least teleport myself back to those places with Sambalatte.I will be back, and the next time I will be hungry, because their macaroons, sandwiches, and other items looked amazing.
4	I am a fan because of the atmosphere and service.  I got the chocomel, which was okay.  I want to go back and try the nutella latte which I hear is good.  I have to admit I went just to get some art on my coffee :)  I like the upstairs area and how they had a tv, jenga and battleship out, so the kids played battleship while I enjoyed my coffee.  I got them each a hot chocolate and the barrista designed theirs with hearts which was fitting for Valentine's Day coming up, so the kids were very excited.  The guitar player they had in front was also pretty good.  So overall, a great experience to just hang out with the family the way they have the cafe set up.  Their macarons were also pretty good.  We will definitely be back.
4	Positively, unequivalently now one of my most favorite new discovery in a long time. Coffee nerdom abounds here and I love it. French presses? Chemexes? Drips? Pour over cups? I'm bout it. All off 'em. I'll be back whenever I'm in Vegas without a doubt. The only thing is you need to prepare yourself to wait a bit.
5	This is my favorite coffee shop in Summerlin.  Its a much-needed alternative to some of the larger, chain coffee places around whose names I won't mention :-P   The quality of Sambalatte's coffees and teas I find to be far superior - I particularly like their Ethiopian coffee as well as their Rooibos tea.  Plus, its nice they serve their coffees and teas in proper cups and tea presses.   I think it makes everything taste so much better and adds to the experience.The ambiance of this place is really nice.  Its a great place to read, do a little work, relax.  And I've seen music there sometimes at night.I am happy this place exists in the Summerlin area.  It is much needed, and I am glad its part of this community.
5	I came here with my mom on President's day morning and two stories shop was full house. I fall in love with its hip atmosphere as soon as I walked into the shop. I found this place on yelp and had really high expectation with it since everyone gave it high value on yelp. Nothing here had let me down. I totally loved taste of my Nutella cappuccino with beautiful detailed latte art, cappuccino & black currant macaroons, smoked salmon pita, and cranberry baguette with turkey and swiss cheese! I was little disappointed with their chocolate chip scone thol. It was just kinda plain to me. (I had much better one before) Things i enjoyed the most were my cappuccinos. I loved both my regular cappuccino and Nutella cappuccino. I am fan of Sunrise coffee and I have to admit that coffee here just tastes better! Also I am big fan of latte art. They've done amazing jobs with every single one of it.( I checked cappuccino orders around me and they all looked amazing) I am definitely coming back here soon!! (Although this place is 40 mins away from my neighborhood.) Next time I am gonna try their Siphon Coffee and different flavors of macaroons ^__^
5	Sambalatte delivers a heavenly spot for coffee and tea lovers. Naysayers be damned, Las Vegas actually does have great coffee hangouts. You just have to search for them. They have an extensive menu of drinks, pastries, and small bites. The array of food was beautiful and enticing. I ordered the basic green tea and a lemon and raspberry dome cake. The combo was yummy. My friend's Nutella Latte and chocolate mousse cake was absolutely divine.  And I was further impressed by their great service and the ambiance; live music, tables, and book shelves provided a nice getaway from the glitz of Las Vegas. My only gripe is that the place can get crowded and you have to wait for a table. But I guess that demonstrates that Sambalatte is doing some thing right.
5	Great coffee!Hip environment!Pretty good chow. although, I can only really comment on the pastries. They are decadent enough that you want more!They have free wifi that is very fast (according to my speed checker app) and there are plenty of plug ins for your laptops.I really like that they support local businesses and carry their products. The coffee from Colorado river roasters is pretty good and I can buy the loose beans there for my home coffee fix.If i lived in summerlin I would be here all the time. in the meantime, I will just have to go there for my afternoon fix while I am at work.
4	I had a generally pleasant experience at Sambalatte. This coffee shop is built for those who wish to lounge around and for those who wish to get some work done. The outlet bar provides multiple plugs so no one is encroaching on someone else' space.I had a large cup of coffee earlier in the day, but had some time to kill. Instead I went with a Ginger Peach Iced Tea and a couple of macarons. I had originally wanted to stop by another pastry shop, down the street, but they are closed on Mondays. Bummed out, I thought I was settling, but they provided some tasty versions of this treat as well. I got one pistachio and one mango. They were both soft and moist on the inside, but the latter replicated the feeling of biting into a piece of fruit so well. I was impressed with both of my choices. My friend had bought some cappuccino and chocolate ones. She loved them, even commenting about how the second one reminded her of a soft brownie. Besides the usual coffee and pastries, Sambalatte offers some delicious looking savory items. I must come back for a meal and that infamous Nutella Latte. Sitting outside on the patio during the spring makes makes me regret that this weather is fleeting. Soon our warm and pleasant days will be replaced with a vindictive heat. Until then, sitting in the sun is the way to go.
1	This place used to be great. Had good coffee, helpful staff, etc. Now this place is junk. 8 people working yet only two of them are making the drinks. the girl at the register doesn't know how to use the pos, and the other employees are running around doing dishes. not to mention there's alaways a group of people huddled around waiting impatiently for their order. the quality of coffe isn't the same either. tastes as if it's been watered down and they use too much cream. If I'm going to wait 20+ minutes for my coffee it better be good. Just run accross to Von's and get a starbucks coffee or go home and make your own.
5	As a girl born and raised in Las Vegas, I was delighted to know such a hip place existed. This place has the perfect ambience for a nice chat with your friends or for some serious study time. I love all of the available outlets so it's a perfect place to browse the internet and get work done.This place definitely brings back memories of Paper or Plastik back in LA. The nutella cappuccino is the bombdotcom but I usually go for the teas. The ginger peach tea is amazing and the staff is nice and friendly.
5	Wow who knew such a place could exist in Las Vegas? I absolutely love the interior, I felt like I was in a European library (except for the music & socializing) I loved the upstairs full of bookcases, cozy tables, and even a tv if you're not happy with people watching. The desserts alone I will come back to try, and I love sandwiches, so there are plenty of this to try as well. I have a love for nutella, beyond what a normal person has, so I was very happy to see a nutella latte, and it's as good as it sounds, the heart design they put in the foam adds a special touch. This is the perfect time of year for sitting outside, drinking coffee and socializing and this is my new favorite spot. People watching is entertaining, from the summerlin soccer moms, to TOMS shoes wearing crowd (TOM I love you....) Like to end this with my ham and cheese croissant was amazing.
2	I use to love it here when it first opened and i meet the owner & his wife. But now it is way overcrowded. The coffee taste burnt but is pretty. The last time i was here i had the man taking my order talk down to me. I know the ways espresso is served (not just starbucks) like he said. I do not need a 17 year old being extremely rude to me ABOUT COFFEE. No thanks.
4	I live arnd mountains edge and i drive here to get my coffee fix atleast twice a week since i discovered this awesome gem! i love love their coffee especially the nutella cappuccino, iced white mocha and java chip frappe! Food is great especially their ham and cheese croissant! Great Ambiance! They have outside seating were you can people watch and or meet friends and catch up! I wish they would soon build wish one close to my house along the 215w side! :)
5	Service is always on point here and the atmosphere is amazing. Their teas and coffees are made with the upmost care and passion. Their pastries are pretty amazing as well! The apple tart had the perfect amount of sweetness in the compote and apple coupled with the delicious buttery taste of the pastry. Yum. My only complaint is the temperature in the space always seems to be off: They leave the door open on chilly days most times I am there making me not want to lounge about and stay longer but that aside this is the best coffee house in west las vegas.
5	I love love love this place. I go to Vegas often for work, and have been eyeing the reviews for awhile. I finally made a trip there during Thanksgiving and I was in love. Their lattes are amazing. The prices are a bit more than your average coffee shop, but the atmosphere, service and quality make it worth it. I enjoyed a biscotti the first time I went and it was freshly baked and delicious. Every time I go to Vegas, I have to go to Sambalatte....even if it is nowhere close to where I am going.
5	Had the flat white which was the first time that I've had a coffee that didn't have any sugar in it and didn't miss it. It was very smooth and not bitter. They have a variety of methods for making coffee and the store is very relaxing. The salmon quiche was also very tender and the crust was flaky. Very expensive for a small cup of coffee, but definitely worth a try.
5	This place is very serious about the quality of the coffee.  While their espresso drinks are great, they also make wonderful hand made coffee with a choice of pour over (drip), siphon or press pot.  They have a good selection of single sourced beans.  They have wifi and plenty of places to sit inside or outside.
4	A friend with some business to take care of brought me here one sunny afternoon. She sat upstairs while I lounged on a bench near the front of the place- the only area I found someplace to sit, as the place was bustling both inside and out.  Lots of people with laptops, a few with children, and a diverse crowd reading, chatting or hanging out.  Nice decor- kinda industrial-hip, perhaps.  A "girl with guitar" performance was taking place right next to me, which made me feel more conspicuous than I would have preferred, but I enjoyed her singing.  I liked that my Ethiopian coffee was ground and prepared upon order. I'll definitely come back to try their loose leaf tea next.
5	Very chill atmosphere.  Great coffee.  Downstairs, upstairs, and outside seating with plenty of room.  Live music.
1	Nice selection of teas for brewing. The owner chooses not to stock fresh lemon. A tea deal breaker for me.
5	Perfect cup of coffee, and a great atmosphere
4	In a town of endless commercial chains hails this posh little cafe that simply shines. They have a selection of coffee, loose leaf teas, and delectable delights. I had the Vanilla Rooibos brewed in a french press. There is a little loft upstairs which is quite a bit more intimate if you want to study or just some quiet, and the lower area has nice little tables outside and cozy areas inside to lounge. I will definitely be back again.
5	A great place to hang out, networking or basically just doing some works!. Free Wi-Fi. Great Interior and atmosphere,  and the important thing is Great Coffee !. I always order Sumatra.Once in a while I order the desserts, they are amazing !
1	This place was horrible! Not only was the place crowded, but it was super hot inside! They just had the fans blowing slowly. I swear it felt better in the 100 degree weather outside!First off, the Macaroons were mini. Which was okay for me until she told me it was $15 for a box of 10 mini Macaroons. What a rip off! They wern't even that great either. I ended up buying three boxes because it was for other people and I didn't feel like going to other places an hour before I left Las Vegas.Then I ordered a Nutella Iced Coffee. It didn't even taste like Nutella! It tasted like an Iced Coffee but it was even strong or sweet. So yea, not good at all!I thought this place was overpriced for nasty coffee and mini Macaroons.
5	Just making sure to give Sambalatte the love that it deserves!The Nutella latte is still at the top of my list and my husband loves the regular latte.  Came here tonight around 8pm and they had a jazz duo playing the trumpet and keyboard.  Absolutely LOVED it!  It just added to the charm of this coffee joint.While their drinks are great, I'm obsessed with their macaroons.  They are a little pricey ($16.50 for 12 of them) but they are tiny bites of deliciousness!  Tonight I ordered 10 of them to go- one of each flavor and two for my husband to eat while enjoying his coffee.  They put them in a perfect little box for easy take home.  Yum!Our friends enjoyed their gluten free almond cookies and some herbal lemonade.  She said they were both really good and her lemonade even had a pretty little flower in it!Everyone is really nice and I'm still in love with this little relaxing gem inside of Boca Park!
5	Nestled in the shopping and dining extravaganza of Boca Park (which borders Summerlin, for you non-Westsiders) lies the delectably comfortable atmosphere of Sambalatte Torrefazione.Sambalatte is no Starbucks. Walking up to it, one notices the outside patio rivals the entire interior of competitors, and walking inside, it only gets larger. Yet while some might associate an oversized anything to be of Walmart quality, Sambalatte is certainly not, both in decor and atmosphere, nor in quality and taste, as one would expect.  And of course not in price.Although many of the high-end locations inside the cosmopolitan complex of Boca Park are of a similarly high-end price, which one would expect, Sambalatte's prices are quite fair given what it offers. Take for example the hot mocha latte adorned with some of the coolest "coffee art" I've ever seen, which runs at $4.10, tastes superb and will add a strong jolt to those of us needing some extra energy. To-go cups and containers are also available for all drinks, but if you're in the area it's best to take a break and relax.A quick coffee craving can easily be changed into an enjoyable and relaxing afternoon out too. Bookcases and newsstands are set up around the location, full of plenty of interesting magazines and even plenty of novels. Heading upstairs leads to even more bookcases, and a feel of some sort of private, extravagant library, which is all at one's disposal. Alone in a corner next to a big-screen TV are board games like Monopoly and Pictionary.Aside from a wide range of coffee offerings (which can also be made in special styles such as the aero press, French press and so on) are plenty of teas and other specialty and seasonal drinks to satisfy just about any thirst, and a plethora of decadent pastries and delicious sandwiches.While I generally end up at Sambalatte for early hour or mid-afternoon study sessions, if you visit in the evening you might get lucky enough to catch some live music, which, in the past has managed not to be too invasive but perfectly enjoyable.Despite the ability to accommodate several dozen coffee connoisseurs, on early weekend mornings Sambalatte can still manage to pack up quite a bit, but one can almost surely find a spot to sit down and enjoy the experience -- and if not, well, Lee's is around the corner for an early night start.Originally written for an published in the Rebel Yell (http://www.unlvrebelyell.com/2012/04/19/sambalatte-deserves-some-attention/)
5	Best in town! Great coffee and services, gets packed inside but they have a nice patio.  Upstairs library as well as device station for you iPad or compact computing.  Hot stuff here!!!
5	This is what every coffee shop should strive to be like.  I asked the cashier if I could get a pourover and was informed that every normal coffee order is a pourover.  What?  That is amazing, and pretty much unheard of in Vegas from what I've seen.  I got my coffee and chatted with the barista for a few minutes and let me tell you that coffee is perfect.  I've yet to try the espresso drinks but I think I can safely assume they are great too.  Add in the live music, books, games, and overall cool ambience and it equals a winner.
5	I thought Sambalatte had me before, now I am fully committed!  The vegetable quiche...a vegetarian's dream come true.  Slow drip tower coffee for those who just like good coffee but with an extra umph!  Cranberry scones...the best I've had.  Peach ginger tea is great on these hot days, fresh fruit is always a treat with a good variety, portion and quality.  The atmosphere is unique to Vegas and feels like I escaped for a few minutes!  The customers aren't the juvenile crowd that gathers at Starbucks, rather those who do some serious reading, and there's a separate table for computer-ers.  I am annoyingly specific and I seem to always have a gripe about something everywhere but I feel like they deserve my money!
5	Yay for chill hangout spots and a relaxing scenery. The moment you walk in, it always seems like you're in a cafe where all the cool kids hang out. There's a table on the left side, used for people with laptops. There's also another upstairs with a plug underneath the table (it's kinda hard to know it's there unless someone tells you or you read this). And then there's usually some guitarist playing some amazing music and soothing you with their voice.The food is pretty up there. Small portion sizes, big taste, high price. Everything they serve edible-wise is all comfort food; don't expect any kind of dinner or buffet of some sort. There's also a wide variety of drinks. I personally got the Nutella (something) coffee. It was alright, didn't taste anything like Nutella though. Was more like harsh coffee than anything. Still, I have yet to try out the whole selection of drinks. Another note, to get onto their Wi-Fi, the receipt you get when you purchase something will have the password on the bottom of it. It's like, it could technically be called Paid Wi-Fi, but at the same time, grab someone's receipt and get it from them. No big deal yo.Good food, drinks galore, and an amazing atmosphere.
4	This place is pretty awesome.  I went here to pick up tickets from Misti so I decided to order the popular nutella latte while I wait.  I also ordered the ginger peach tea for my boyfriend.  When I was about to pay for the drinks, I spotted the Taza Mexican chocolate and somehow could not stop myself from buying the chili dark chocolate.  The cost was $4.50.  But, it was quite different and delicious.  The staff were so helpful and friendly.  I love the ambiance of this coffee shop and definitely the layout of the tables and chairs.  If this was closer to my home, I would frequent it...which could be bad.  Kind of glad it is clear across town!  If you are in the area, you must stop by and check it out!
5	This is my favorite coffee shop in Vegas.  They have live music on Fridays and it's a great atmosphere...also located in a great shopping/restaurant area.  They have Wi-Fi, but I don't know if it is free or not.
5	What a way to wake up in Las Vegas...Just the aroma of this place is heavenly. You MUST try the Nutella latte, it's a dream in a cup. The staff is great and when they present your latte they make sure to make it pretty by putting a little design in the froth. The little details really make me happy. The only negative of this place is you have to make your way through the crowd of hipster aspiring writers with their apple computers and fedora hats to get to your cup of coffee. A little pretentious but don't all good things come with a price. Double thumbs up!
5	This place is awesome! I havent had that "feel" since I was in Houston. It's got books you can read, magazines laid out, a patio where dogs are welcome, and Gluten Free treats! The coffee drinks are amazing, prices slightly lower than Starbucks, but MUCH smaller servings. Tasted great, and was stunningly oresented. The food was great, and the ambience rocks. Well worth the drive.
5	One of my favorite places to sit, people-watch, read or get some work done. Everyone always raves about the coffee, but its teas and hot cocoas deserve just as much praise. It's also a great place for breakfast - I've sampled (read: devoured) all of their croissant sandwiches and quiche and can attest that they rival anything from Einstein's or Panera. For lunchtime, unfortunately, the soups are pretty bland; they're vegetarian and broth-based, so they lack that savoriness. The only other negative comment I can make is to warn others who might go to get some work done that there's acoustic performances in the evenings (starting around 7 or sometimes earlier, depending on the day) and if you want a quiet place, this won't be it. The singers are always LOUD, though a few are quite talented.
4	My boyfriend and I come here on practically a weekly basis. I love love love their Nutella latte and he loves their iced white chocolate mocha. It's not like Starbucks and the coffee actually tastes like coffee. The flavors are on point and who doesn't love a nice little design to look at before the first sip! The atmosphere is so chill and calm, but it can get kinda crowded. They have live music on occasion and it's a perfect spot to just relax and enjoy the moment. They have books, magazines and a little work station for laptop use. On a nice night, it's pretty hard to find a place to sit outside but sitting inside is just as good! Definitely a go to place for one, two or a group.
5	You know those places that you love and want to review because its so great but they aren't so popular, or at the height of what could be its popularity, yet? And if you and the others who love it review, people will flock and at some point it will 1- get crowded and 2- just wont be your secret little haven anymore. Well that is what Sambalatte is for me! I have been in Vegas 6 years and longed for a coffee joint that is NOT Starbucks or CoffeeBean. I found Sambalatte and have been in heaven ever since. The atmosphere is welcoming and homey. There is a great upstairs area that is good for bigger groups, but I prefer to sit outside. The staff is so friendly and very helpful. The coffee? Delish!!!! Creamy and not bitter. And served with pretty coffee art. I have only had the macaroons and the quiches, but I can say both are phenom!!!! The quiches are buttery and flaky with just the right amount of egg and fillings. I have had the veggie and Loraine, though the veggie is my fave. And the macaroons are bite size with just the right amount flaky crunch before you sink your teeth into the gooey center.      At this point Sambalatte is by far my favorite coffeehouse in Las Vegas. It is such a delight and I am so happy to have found this gem. Enjoy!
5	GUESS WHO'S BACK! =DWHERE: Charleston & Rampart, inside the Boca Park area (right next to Kona Grill).WHEN: Sunday through Tuesday from 7am-8pm, Wednesday through Thursday from 7am-9pm, Saturday from 7am-10pmWHY: To drink tea/coffee, eat super yummy sweets, and most importantly... socialize and finally catch up with some of your friends that you haven't seen- just to have some sort of excuse to get up and go.! =)WHAT: Thank goodness for good past reviews and recommendations through word-of-mouth! If it weren't for those two, I wouldn't have stepped foot in such an amazing cafe! It reminds me of a cafe I went to in New York. The atmosphere is calming, you can even enjoy, plop down, and read a book while chewing on something yummy or drinking something caffeinated.I personally have this somewhat new addiction for macarons. So, that was my purpose when walking through the door. I noticed they had about 13 different flavors! My eyes lit up due to excitement! The macarons aren't as big though, they're bite size and almost 2 bucks for one, but you might as well "seize the day" and order all the flavors (which is exactly what I did)! haha, and from doing it I now know my favorites! Yes, I know you're waiting for it... so the "must-tries" have got to be: pistachio, mango, paradise, caramel, raspberry... ok, most all of them were really good! But those are some of my favorites. =DAside from the macaroons, I tried the carrot cake parfaitI It was a different way to prepare a carrot cake indeed, and the uniqueness made it perfect!These are the only things I have got the pleasure of trying so far, but it will be my goal to try everything on their menu! hahaha, which will probably turn into a LIFETIME GOAL on my bucket list. LolTake my recommendation now, and see for yourself! =D
5	Love the atmosphere, love the decor, love the food, love the staff ... oh right and they have coffee as well! It has a great quality and taste you just cant find anywhere else ... or at least that I have been!! If you havent been be sure to try it out sooner then later!!
3	I had been hearing about this place for awhile, so the lady and I took a trip to finally check it out. Since I'm a socially awkward penguin, I made my girlfriend order so I can't really say anything about the employees.  The area itself was definitely neat, though. It reminded me of a smaller/more cramped version of a Stumptown in Portland. I had a chai tea latte with soy milk and it was a miss for me. The spices were too strong and it burned the back of my throat to the point that I couldn't finish it. I'll have to try them again another day. Until then, it was kind of a "meh" experience.
5	Great coffee place, especially if ur sick of Starbucks. The chocolate muffin and ham and cheese croissant were awesome. Coffee is made by hand n not in a coffee maker. Each cup is made one-by-one. Special!!
5	My favorite coffee shop in Vegas! I love to sit at their little tables and enjoy a cup of delicious coffee... Makes me feel like I'm in San Francisco. I wasn't much of a macaroon fan but this has changed since I tried the French macaroons here. Pistachio, almond and coconut are my personal favorites. As for the coffee, I would highly recommend their Ethiopian and Guatemalan coffees. I tried their Nutella cappuccino and it was pretty good as well. Not quite as flavorful as I expected, but still good. They also have delicious iced teas!  Very refreshing on a hot summer day.  They even serve them with a fresh flower in them. Such a nice touch!The crustless egg white veggie quiche was good, but not great. One of my favorite food items would have to be their fruit salad. My friend tried their croque monsier and he was highly impressed. There are so many drink options and their pastries, sandwiches and salads look amazing as well. This is a place I will be visiting any chance I get!
5	[Edited for details]If you're coming here there is a strong chance you are here to try their signature coffee--the nutella latte. I heard about this place after reading a breakfast edition of Desert Companion and decided they were worth a shot. It's got a really cool interior that screams of a European style and the free Wi-Fi is no problemo.Let me start this off by saying this is probably the snootiest, snobbiest coffee shop in Las Vegas. But honestly, if anybody has the right to be proud of their coffee, its them. The wealthy new money as well as a multitude of students can be found here on any given day. Good luck trying to find a seat on a weekend or holiday-- the interior including the upstairs cove fills up regularly. The basic concept is trying to bring the European coffee drinking experience to America with all the american advantages--namely portion sizes and prices that are much more agreeable. If you're the type who splurges on venti starbucks on a regular basis--- my only question for you is why aren't you spending the same money at a place that strives to create the best coffee experience they can? They have french presses and all other manners of flavor enhancing techniques. The drip coffee is excellent here, and is prepared in the old fashioned manner. Try the guatemalan roast.I also had the opportunity to try a kettle of their chai masala and it was definitely well seasoned. The highlight of my time at this place however, has to be the time i spent consuming the nutella latte, which I found to be rich in chocolate flavor with a smooth buttery finish. It's perfectly sweetened and presented with a beautiful decorative flower swirl at the top of the mug. The nutella gives the late a distinctive flavor that cannot be replicated by one of the common mocha frappes out there. The coffee itself has a deep, bold flavor that I absolutely love.  If you're a fan of dark beers and coffee and other strong flavors, you will be able to appreciate the contrast of the strong flavor with just the right amount of sweetness that requires no additional sugar packets. I highly suggest you try the drink hot as it is intended before going into the iced stuff because you will get a much better appreciation of its flavor. The vanilla latte is also excellent and far superior to anything you can get at the corporate places.In terms of technical prowess and all out flavor, I must say this earns my respect as the number one coffee destination in Clark County, hands down.  Foodies and serious coffee drinkers, you have found your garden of eden.
5	The weather was finally nice enough to sit outside and drink a cup of Nutella latte and eat a Nutella Bomb Dome and some macarons. The cafe is pretty, clean and filled with lovely aroma from coffee and desserts.  There's plenty of room to enjoy your drink, chat with friends, surf the internet, read a book or the magazines they have. They had me at Slam magazine - coffee, desserts and basketball! I soooo love this place. There's live music too!
4	Like this place a lot. Love the atmosphere and the service, but it really should be $$ not $. It's not very cheap compared to Coffee Bean or anywhere else.
4	Holy balls this is some amazing coffee!!!!  I'm a bit bummed that I didn't try a latte.  Instead I had a custom drip cup the Fazenda Ciannorte... and it was amazing with every sip.  I watched the barista make it and she took a lot care making the coffee.  It was simply delicious, and not bitter at all.  Looking forward to trying their food in the future.
4	I absolutely love the environment of this place and the selection of coffee bean. The upstairs loft area is like your own little private world to relax when it's not busy. I ordered a pour over. Although it wasn't executed correctly, I still enjoyed my experience. I highly recommend this place and would of given it five stars had my pour over been executed properly
5	Love it. Cute coffee shop very European. Cool patio lil Bit overpriced pastries but Good quality. Will come back asap
5	I wish this place was right around the corner from my house. I would visit daily. But it is in Summerlin in the Las Vegas metropolitan area. So I will go only when I am in Vegas. But I look forward to my next visit. The most important element of this unique coffeehouse is the exquisite care they take to prepare the perfect coffee product, whether it is a cup of Joe or a latte or other trendier drink. I had a fantastic cup of coffee that was drip brewed at the a perfect 205 degree. The coffee choices made it tough to choose one. I picked the Farenza Cianorte which was a coffee that I had not tried before. It was sweet and rich, but also with a citrus tone that made it a perfect mid morning coffee. The Missus had a perfectly made cappuccino that if we had had more time I would have tried as well. The pastries (both savory and sweet) made it tough to choose.The tea selection also looked interesting. The place itself is a very attractive space. All and all, a uniquely special caffeination spot.
5	Can't say enough about the quality of the coffee and amenities. First-off, know that I am a coffee snob. A recent transplant from Chicago, Intellagentsia was my go-to for a great cup. Starbucks is something I get when I am in a hurry. True coffee must be enjoyed. This is where Sambalaltte excels! Choose between french press, siphon or chemex brew styles (which makes a huge difference in the outcome) and excellent coffee selections and you have your custom coffee dream. The staff is perfectly willing to talk you thru if you are a newbie and when they are not crazy-busy usually deliver to the table. The lattes are rich and luxurious and the espresso con panna was to die for. We split a breakfast quiche which was tender and flaky and enough for two. An awesome loft-style store contains long tables with outlets if you want to surf away the morning on your laptop. Upstairs has a library-like feel if you just want to sit and veg-out. But go for the coffee... it truly is the best in Las Vegas.
5	Love this coffee shop!!! Great service never have been disappointed! My never favorite place to hang out with friends and drink a awesome cup of coffee!!
5	Wow!! Now that's what I call coffee!!! I am simply blown away by this place. All of the coffee here is exceptional, but the one I always order is a regular latte. This is not your Starbucks latte. The flavor of it is just world-class. It's so complex, with nutty, caramel undertones, without being bitter. It is well prepared and executed. Haven't tried any of the pastries or savory foods, but it all looks spectacular. Sometimes they have live music here as well. The setup of the lounging areas is totally fung shui, whether it is downstairs or upstairs. The outside has a nice little setup as well. You just feel real comfortable at this place. Highly recommend, and this is the place I take out of town-ers or visitors.
5	This is how a coffee house should be. Great selection, a wide range of brewing options, knowledgable staff, and excellent desserts. The beans are locally roasted and ultra fresh. You can purchase them separately in one pound bags to make coffee at home. Pricing leans high, but the quality of this place is well worth it. Epic coffee shop.
5	My girl like this place.It was my first time drinking coffee with her and I enjoyed it as well.The staff was knowledgeable and nice.I like this place not sure why,but i will return again!!!
2	My chai latte was lukewarm. Coffee was more on the watery side. Seating was crowded and inconvienent. Service was offstandish and slightly rude. Croissant was awful and beyond dry. Overpriced. Wont be coming back anytime soon.
4	Love their Americano's. Service can always be better. Quite slow. If you have the time to spare, this is a MUST in the a.m. or even for dessert. Cute spot.
5	Now this is a coffee shop! Cool decor, food that makes you want to eat even though you've already eaten, and delectable, handcrafted drinks, lots of seating and power outlets too. No wonder this place got so many good reviews!Although there were a lot of people here, I must've came after the morning rush as there was no line. I can only imagine that there might be a wait for your drink during peak times. But hey, you're probably coming here to sip and enjoy your coffee. If you're in a rush, try the large chain in the same shopping center that has garden variety coffee but has a drive thru. Anyway, going back to Sambalatte, they have a HUGE variety of drinks. I'm sure you'll find something. If you're a coffee connoisseur, then I'm sure they can whip up something to your liking too. I ordered the Nutella latte, which from what other Yelpers say, is one of their signature drinks. It was a huge latte and quite strong. I started to quit caffeine, so this gave me a jolt - should've gotten half-caf. Anyway, check this place out. A great place to relax with friends, coffice, or study.
5	Love this place
5	Love this place
5	Loooove this spot. Indoor and outdoor seating. Live music on some nights - great spot to meet and hang out with friends. Fast wi-fi and staff is friendly to students who study there. Wide variety of teas. And when I say teas, these aren't your boxed up tea bags that you can get in the grocery store. These are loose leaf teas served with tea press. Their iced ginger peach tea is great too, served with edible flowers. They have great flavored coffee, their Nutella Latte is pretty popular. But if the fancy schmancy flavored coffee is not your cup of tea (or coffee in this case), then their regular coffee is great too. Not so regular since they have various blends of coffee that give unique flavors served in french coffee press. My boyfriend's fav is their anniversary blend. Their dessert is to die for!!! Oh my! Mouth is watering just thinking about their tiramisu. Yum!!!! Cutting this short so I can drive there to get some of that tiramisu.
4	I was a bit disappointed to find out that they only had one choice for a decaf coffee.  Instead of picking that I opted for the Nutella Latte.  I got it decaf with soy milk and it was pretty tasty.  Nutty and rich with flavor!  They have live music here on Saturday nights and it's a great place to just sit back and enjoy your coffee while listening to some great music. Overall, enjoyed this place to get a good drink and relax!
4	3stars for coffee. 3.5 for coziness. Sorry but my standard for coffee is very high.  To me, cooperated coffee shop like Starbucks is 2 stars ( tho, coffee Americano is fresh and actually pretty ok).Nasty, neighborhood diner is 1 star.Coffee at the gas stop is zero star.Sambaratte is definitely the best place to get a cup of drip coffee in Vegas. It's fresh. And freshness is a must. You can't drink coffee sitting around for 10 minutes, you know, cause then it starts to smell bad. The 'drip-after-you-order' makes it better.Second important thing is where the coffee beans came from. Good coffee simply comes from good farms. Beans at Sambaratte is ok, however, it is impossible to import good beans unless you travel the world to find some. Third is how they drip. The way these guys drip here is way too rough. Its not refined at all. They are beginners, I guess. It could be much better if they try, tho. Too bad.I gave 4 stars because its in Vegas. I have been all the popular cafes in Vegas,, Even if they get 5 stars, gush, they are terrible,,, like worse than Starbucks!I don't care if they are friendly. I don't care if they remember my name (many people here at Yelp care too much about this. If they think they are friends, they give fucking 5 stars no matter what). All I care is the taste and quality.
5	The only way Sambalatte can get better is if they stay open late. Then - 6 stars. I might be there every night.First thing you notice is the atmosphere. The outside seating hits you first, filled with people chatting away, enjoying delicious looking drinks. You walk inside and you're greeted with a variety of small tables, touches, and stools to serve your purposes. The pastry display catches your eye next. You will want to say "one of each, please" but that's probably beyond your coffee stop budget. And finally, the menu. You have the familiar coffees and teas available, and then their own creations off on the side. These change from time to time to keep their choices fresh. I make it a point to try something new every time I stop by and I'm always delighted. Everything tastes great. Nothing is overdone. Quality is notable.I also really enjoy the upstairs seating. It's a nice touch that reminds me of San Francisco coffee and sandwich shops, along with NYC shops as well. Although they don't have a space restriction like those other cities, the effect of "cool" remains.Come down, order your drink of choice, and relax with your friends, books, music, whatever. Enjoy.
4	Mmmm chai. I've been frequenting sambalatte for my studying needs. There are plenty of outlets but not always plenty of seats near outlets due to the popularity. There is an upstairs area as well. I feel sambalatte is more of a hangout then it is a place to actually get stuff done.That being said...the coffee and pastries here are quite amazing and delicious. There are numerous specialty drinks and even sandwiches. The chai is absolutely delightful.Don't even try to study on a weekend day unless you have a good set of earbuds. It is quite distracting hearing people talk about their dojos, meditation and vast amount of real estate. There is a delightful outdoor seating area for those nice Vegas days. The staff is extremely friendly.
3	Sambalatte is a "hip Starbucks." Live music sometimes & places for your laptop & books. The atmosphere is really relaxing & nice. The employees are attentive too. I've always had their hot nutella lattes & like them. The only thumbs down is their macaroons. I honestly cringed biting into some of their flavors. Too sweet for me! Also, expect to not save money since Sambalatee's in Boca Park. Their hot drinks for a coffee date or post-dinner drink is a nice end to a cold night though!
3	I came back to try the loose leaf. I was disappointed to see the tea tins were dusty and obviously don't sell well. I guess since this is more a coffee shop than tea place I should not be surprised. I will stick to the coffee!
4	This place is always packed like its menu. Definitely a hang out for the cafe-nistas !Nicely situated in the heart of Boca Park. Nestled among other stores such as kona grill, cheesecake, gordon birsch, total wine, target and the list goes on.After a cup of coffee, take a second and take what vegas away from the strip has to offer.
3	Cool for Vegas. Seems like Orange County, but not in a bad way.
1	First of all i don't really understand why I was charged full price ($3.75) for a small chocolate cappuccino and given only half of a cup?! (see picture). I also don't see any reason to pay almost $3 for a cup of tea while you can get exactly the same one in Starbucks for $1.50Employees were neither rude nor super friendly.  I would say kind of pretentious just like the rest of the clientele that come to this place. My cranberry muffin was really fresh, tasty (and expensive ).
3	Location: Meh. Nice looking place, Boca Park, but I can't stand the uppitiness of the majority of patrons here.Ambiance: Cute, but way wannabe-fancy-er than authentic-feeling. That probably comes with the Boca Park territory, though.Drinks/Food: Excellent! Both my coffee drink (an iced cappuccino -- or iced latte (we'll discuss in the next section)) was super tasty, with just the right amount of smoky, roasted flavor, and the quiche Lorraine was delicious!).Sustainability: I likes that they use actual cups/glasses/silverware if you're staying there to consume your tasty loot, and I loved that their to-go containers/bags (which I *eventually* got... read below story) were recyclable/biodegradable.Service: Not awesome, but not the worst either. The big, bearded dude making drinks was awesomely friendly and non-hipster-douchey (refreshing in these sorts of places). However, the girl who took my order had no listening skills whatsoever. She also wasn't very friendly. It wasn't that she was UN-friendly, per se; it was more like she was on narcotics. Blank stare, no emotion. Eh, whatever -- I digress.While in line, I had looked at the board behind the counter and picked out an iced cappuccino, which was said to come in either 12 or 16 oz, and a quiche Lorraine (they had a few different yummy-sounding quiches, soups, salads, and maybe also sandwiches. For once, I wasn't in the mood for a sandwich). I asked for the 12 oz iced cappuccino and a quiche Lorraine, and I specified that my order was to-go. The big, bearded dude leaned over a bit and gently corrected me, "We do have an iced cappuccino here, but we just call it a latte. Also, it only comes in 6 oz." I stared confusedly back at the board, then back at him. "Ok, that's fine. I was just looking at the board, I've never been here before." He said something else in reply that I couldn't hear, but it had a kind feel to it. I didn't feel like arguing over what their own menu said, so just I made sure to reiterate that I'd like it iced and to-go. The girl rang up only the coffee and asked if I wanted anything else. I again ordered the quiche Lorraine and again reminded her I wanted them both to-go. She took my payment and thanked me. I went to go wait.My iced cappuccino/latte came out first in a normal glass; a different girl brought it out, so I'm sure the order-taker did not actually mark my order to-go. I asked the drink-bringer if I could get it in a cup to-go. She looked at me like I should've said that when ordering, but changed it out without a word. The order-taker comes out from behind the counter around 10 mins later with my quiche on a regular plate with silverware and walks right past me to where the tables are, saying "Veronica?" I called over "Um, I'm right here." She handed out the plate to me. I try a different tactic. "Could I please have you put this in something for me so I can take it with me?" She looks at me blankly with the same you-should-have-specified-that-before face the other girl had and said, "You mean to-go?" I'm quiet for a good three seconds. "Yes," I reply with my best equally blank face. She disappears for a while and then reemerges with my quiche, nicely packaged in a to-go container and bag. I smile at her and thank her. She appears about the same as usual.Summing it up: A tasty, though frustrating experience. You come to a local coffee shop to relax & get good service. Sambalatte failed me there, but I'm definitely willing to give them another shot. (Woah, there was no pun intended there, but now that I see that it could totally be an espresso pub, I'm still leaving it there.)UPDATE: I received a Yelp message from the business apologizing for my experience, which I appreciate. He also gave this comment and asked that I correct my language, if possible: "I believe the languague narcotics it is strong and offensive for a drug free work place. As well, we check background of our Team Members." I would like to clarify that I did not intend to accuse the cashier that day of actually being on drugs; the language used was simply meant to be analogically descriptive. I will leave the original review as-is to preserve artistic integrity, but I did feel it was important to make that clarification, as politely requested.
3	Awesome coffees and teas but the food could be a bit more, ummm, let's say, well put together. The cheese plates have an awkward combo of cheeses that don't really go together, nor are entirely meant for mass eating, beyond just a bite or two. The sanwiches are very bare, way too much bread for what's in between, and while the pastries have amazing presentation, many taste freezer-burnt. The service to actually get your coffee once it's ordered is ridiculously slow, they really need to iron that out soon!!! And the plates are way too big, they need to find a way to condense things onto one plate esp for meats, cheeses, etc. The coffee prices aren't too bad as the coffees are amazing, but the food prices are highway robbery especially for what they're giving. The location, ambiance & people are great so I'm sure they'll continue to do well, but with their outrageous prices, I think the novelty will wear off & business will drop when people realize they have other great choices in Vegas for literally half the cost.
5	Love the great energy here, and a feeling of Europe.  Beautiful pastries and sandwiches.  Oh, and the coffee, fantastic.  Seriously, this has the just the right amount of distraction, perfect for writing the great American novel.  It has lots of outlets for plugging into, and a dozen outdoor tables.This beats a trip to that Bean place, or the Bucks...anyday.Hey Peeps - and they also have afgato (espresso with a scoop of ice cream, vanilla or chocolate).  Love, even more so.PS.  I'm pretty certain it's supposed to be spelled, "Affogato", but perhaps in Portuguese it's different?  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Affogato
4	Only thing missing is a fireplace! My owner and I visit here all the time and I wish there were more places like this in vegas! Totally woofin'. I love their iced green tea's. However, I feel that their gelato is over priced. All in all, nice place!
5	LOVE!Such a chill place and I still haven't tried their coffee yet!The only thing that I've come here for are their Macarons, super good I recommend the pistachio, could get a little pricy but might as well splurge on yummy goodness! It's also a great place to relax, catch up with friends or just embrace the ambiance. It's a total hipster cafe, definitely need that in vegas once in a while. Also they play really calming music, there was even a jazz performer last time I came in....I've considered doing some studying in here but I'll probably just be distracted trying to relax. They get pretty fancy with how they serve their coffee, this one guy actually had the barista siting with him brewing his coffee on the coffee table...mmm definitely trying that next time!
4	Charming place, friendly staff, knowledgable baristas good at latte art. Throw in free wi-fi. Score!!! This place is busy definitely not your "quick cup and go" place but worth every penny if you have time to sit back, relax and enjoy.
5	My favorite spot ever! My husband and I frequent Samba Latte. The atmosphere is great, the food fantastic and the coffee drinks are amazing!! They offer almond milk they can make your latte with! It's the perfect spot!
5	Samba, Samba, si, si!One thing I love to do, whenever I travel, is find a local coffee house and go and support them.  I found Sambalatte on Yelp and ventured out to find it.  It is a bit of a drive from the strip, but so worth it.  It is located in on open shopping area but parking wasn't so bad since it's not really a mall.When we walked in, the place was packed.  The seating reminded me of New York, very close together.  There is a large communal computer table which looked like it could be fun to hang out at.  We ordered cappuccinos to go thinking we couldn't find a seat, but we did score a couple of chairs on their small upstairs balcony.I bought several bags of coffee: Brazil, Ethiopia, and Honduras.  I'm drinking the Honduras as I write this and it is very good.  As I was waiting for our coffees, I believe their roaster was there or maybe it was a new roaster they were considering.  I would have wanted to get in on their tasting.  One of the workers was brewing different beans and they were tasting them.  Looked like fun!I love the vibe of the place!  The manager/owner sure knows his coffee.  If you can get a table, it is a great place to chill for a bit.  I would never come here to work or read, but coffee and conversation is a must.  I will definitely come back whenever I'm in town.Sambalatte, ti amo!
4	Pretty nice spot! A Lil snug for me in means of space.
5	Everything about this place is amazing! The atmosphere and tasty food and drinks are amazing. I strongly recommend the Nutella hot chocolate. The cupcakes and cake pops are also amazing! This place is wonderful and it's a great place to bring your kids or meet up with a group of friends!
3	I'm prepared for Yelpers to come to my house with pitchforks and giant logs threatening to tear down my door and have my head, but I'll admit that I was not blown away.I have been aching to try the Nutella latte forevs, and when I did today, it seemed like just a regular latte. Not hazelnutty, not chocolatey, just a latte. Meh. I wanted something so rich and thick that I couldn't guzzle it down, but I guzzled it like I could any other latte, and it was $4.50. Eep! I wanted to get the delicious looking fruit salad, too, but it was $7.75. Double eep! Not a budget-friendly coffee shop.The croissant was, I'll admit, a fairly good imitation of European croissants. However, it, too, was pricey, and not as delicious as I felt it could have been. I love macarons, and I do mean love, but they were also pretty meh. I want a combination of crispy AND chewy in my macarons, not just chewy. It gets major brownie points for the outlets, decor, and cool location. It's on the other side of the world for me, so I'm not sure I'd make a special trip. I'd be willing to give its sandwiches a try, and just stick with regular espresso.
5	What took me so long to write a review about this place? I'm ignoring the fact that it took me almost two years for me to even visit Sambalatte (I moved away for a bit).Now that I am back, I am happy and excited to report that Sambalatte is my favorite place in Las Vegas to hang out, have a non-alcoholic drink and be normal. This is THE best coffee spot! Ever.The baristas are all VERY knowledgable and can give you advice on their coffees and teas. The service is VERY good and they are efficient.One example. A visit a little while back, I had an iced tea. I was about to hit the sugar station, and a barista asked if I would like the sugar melted in a little bit of hot water so that it would dissolve in my tea.It's little things like that. Also, they have a nice selection of light bites and some baked goods. There are plenty of laptop stations (FREE WIFI) with power outlets. Write your next novel here. Or study. The next time I visit, I plan on coming with a friend to talk about life. Yeah...it's one of those places.Lastly, there are over 240 reviews for this place. Everything I said....well, has already been said. If you are from Vegas or live here, make this a regular spot. Support local when you can. Everyone that works at Sambalatte seems to be a good person in their own genuine way.Also, if you are from out of town, DRIVE OR TAKE A CAB! PLEASE! This is worth the expense...even if it's not on the strip.*drops mic
5	I had recently discovered this place in the last few months and this place is definitely one of the best coffee joints in Las Vegas. Definitely a good place to do work because there are two large table downstairs and upstairs littered with outlets. Not just a good place to do work but you can chill and talk there also. Along with that a very trendy atmosphere. The thing that I do like the most is during the evenings, I would say around 6pm there would be a local musician that would come in and play live music. It could be a singer, pianist, guintarist, band, etc. It is awesome and I defintely enjoy the ambience that they provide along with it.I do hear that the snacks and things a good also but I havn't had them. Coffee is good and I'm sure this has already been said but the doodles they make on the drinks are dope. I would defintely recommend coming here because it is awesome. The only thing that bothers me is that it is so damn far away from my house. But I do make the trek up there to do work at times.
4	Really good! I'm not a coffee drinker, but the pastries and atmosphere are really great. We had a lemon macaroon, cappuccino macaroon, and chocolate croissant.  All super delicious. Comparable in price and quality to Starbucks. Should be enough seating, but typical coffee shop crowd lingering a long time. Also people on laptops. Fun place to grab breakfast, study, or just chat with friends.
5	Las Vegas has a real coffee house meant for locals!! Praise be!!!I have been searching high and low for a place like this since moving back from Seattle. Never thought it would exist. However, I visited and fell in love. Sambalatte is located within Boca Park. The owners understood their target market well to open in a location like this. Cater to upper middle-class frou-frou types because they're the ones most likely to appreciate stuff like this. *Yes. Send me your hate mail. That's fine.*As for their coffee, it looks good. But I'm mostly a tea drinker. I ordered a few of their seasonal blends which included some chais. Very nice. Everything is served looseleaf and comes in a coffee French press. I'd rather it come with a detachable strainer so I can control the flavor of my tea but whatevers. They have two sizes for this: small and large. Although I wonder why people don't just get a small and refill it with hot water? Who knows.Sambalatte also serves small treats like macarons. Pretty awesome although the selection isn't very large.Overall, this is a nice cafe that reminds one a lot of Los Angeles coffee houses. You'll always find it packed with those studying, starting their own businesses, working remotely, or just idling by the day. This is the vibe I miss about coffee culture cities. Other Vegas stores ought to mimic or follow the path that Sambalatte and open up stores in other areas of Vegas more accessible from the Strip.
4	French Macarons!  So far, next to Buchon Bakery on the strip, these are the best French Macarons I could find in the Las Vegas area.  Also, this coffee shop is quite intimate; there is even an upstairs area you can hang out and sip a cup of coffee.  Great place to come by for a snack (my friend had one of their pizza looking salmon snacks and was pretty impressed), a cup of coffee, and delicious French macarons (salted caramel of course).
4	You can find me at Sambalatte every morning....when I need a pick me up! The vibe is awesome, especially at nights when they sometime have live entertainment!! My only complaint is the parking of Bocca Park....talk about a mad house!! Overall, Sambalatte is absolutely fabulous, and the baristas are top notch!
2	This may not be a completely fair review for the business since they can't control everything I have complaints about, but here's my opinion:We went on a Sat. night, maybe that was our mistake. The tiny place was just packed, and it was very hard to find a table for 4. Finally one opened up, but it was very uncomfortable because we were so closed to everyone else. I rather be in a place that I can feel comfortable in and lounge and talk without inviting everyone into my conversation. Also since it was our first time trying the place, we all ordered a drink and at least one food item each....which did not all fit onto the table. We had to consolidate all the food items onto just a couple of plates. We basically finished our drinks and food and left because of the crowded atmosphere. And I know most people are probably going to hate me for saying this, but I just don't get why all these people are staying around for hours taking up the few tables there are. Honestly, I don't see how you can study or read in a place like this when it's crowded and there is a guy singing in the front. Maybe in the daytime but not on a Sat night. I wish everyone would be more considerate and study at home or a library and get their drinks/food to go. While I was there, I didn't see too many people reordering so basically you're just taking up room that other patrons need.As for the drinks/food, none of us were impressed. It wasn't bad but it didn't knock our socks off either. The employees weren't super friendly or unfriendly. I don't think I will be returning, I prefer Starbucks or Coffee Bean more, it has a more comfortable and friendlier atmosphere.
5	Best coffee house in Vegas, hands down. They have it all, from basic to exotic imports that vary weekly, not to mention every conceivable manner in which to brew coffee. Ambiance is awesome and great for working or people watching or listening to the variable live music in the evenings.
4	This is the best coffee shop in Las Vegas. I been here twice already and I just can't get enough on how good their nutella latte and nutella hot chocolate is. The flavor of the nutella is just amazing and enough to satisfy my taste buds. I like how they have LIVE singer that comes in during the weekend and plays music. I feel at home and sipping a cup of coffee with my family and friends. My favorite one here is the nutella latte with nutella biscotti. It's so delicious. The tiramisu is also good but it's a bit pricey.The negative about this place is that it gets packed very quick and it's hard to find a seat. Also, I don't really like their macaroons, it was just okay. It was dry and lack of flavors. I wouldn't get it again. Finally, the location is a bit far from where I live, I would like them if possible to have another location near my area.
4	Alright, this place is a tad bit over priced but I'm all about the experience so four stars it is.  Kind of a drive from home, but definitely a place I visit too often.  There's just something about local coffee houses that just lures you in.  I love the feel of this place.  So unique and so cozy, makes you wonder why Vegas doesn't have any more of them.
5	Love. Love. Love. Great location in Boca park. I love going at night when the trees outside are lite in the parking lot. So many drink options and the macaroons are delicious! Live musicians sometimes too.
5	I just want to hug this place. Their teas, coffee drinks, and pastries have all satisfied my cravings. The seasonal spicy hot chocolate is a standout in my memory. I enjoyed how my taste buds vacillated between sweet and spicy with each sip. I still haven't tried their savory bites, but they look good. My only gripe is the prices are a bit expensive, especially just for a drink and dessert. But if you feel like splurging, it's totally worth it.It's the nuances that elevate this place to five stars:  the interior decor, congenial staff, and presentation of food and beverage. So come in, bring a friend or two, ensconced yourself into a chair (if there is one available) and follow the three words that most regulars know: sip, savour, and socialize.
5	I go to this place almost everyday. Love the people there, love the vibe.Amazing staff, it feels like home.I drink espresso and this is one of the best places to get one on this side of the Atlantic. It's strong, full flavored, aromatic it has everything espresso should have.The ice coffee is to die for in a hot summer day, I didn't know that the ice coffee was this good until I tried Sambalatte's... so much flavor.Great variety of teas as well and many other coffee drinks, all amazing.If you have some work to do you can always hook to the free wifi. There's a huge table for laptops with power plugs so you can work and enjoy your refreshing or relaxing drink.Amazing place
5	This place is definitely the furthest thing from Starbucks. It is two stories and the atmosphere is awesome. The only problem is that it is always packed and it is hard to find a seat to enjoy the amazing coffee drinks. The last drink I had there was the Nutella Latte and it  was the best coffee drink I have every had. They also do pretty designs on your lattes with makes it not only the most delicious coffee drinks I have had but also the most esthetically pleasing. Highly recommend just be prepared to wait around for an empty seat.
4	Easily one of the best coffee place in Vegas. Moving from Portland I am pretty picky about my coffee and this place delivers. I think they would benefit from a 2nd location as this one gets crowded. I will say everything is a bit expensive but it is in Summerlin and I imagine the rent in Boca Park ain't cheap.
5	Totally underestimated Sambalatte at first. I remember my first time here. I went home with a headache, feeling jittery and shaking legs. Definitely the strongest coffee I've ever had! But soooo good!They have a really cool atmosphere. Probably one of the best coffee shops in Vegas. I love coming here on my days off to relax, chit-chat a bit, drink my coffee or read a book. I always leave this coffee shop wired!Overall, I give Sambalatte 5 stars!
5	Coffee = amazingfood = super goodStaff = helpful & nicedecor = perfectly coffee house typeambiance = people who like to meet for coffee. so much the younger hang out it used to be when it first opened but a meeting place just the same. I love this place. I wish they had them in centennial area near my house.
2	Me and my husband had hot cocoa, quiche lorraine and vegetable croissant today. First time at this coffee shop and we were  dissapointed. I think we wasted our time and money. We like the ambiance, sandwich tasted really fresh but flavor and taste so with the quiche was very ordinary. I know Einstein and Panera bread was a whole lot better for 1/2 or 1/3 of the price. Hot cocoa was very good though. Im not satisfied with service of the barrista. They find my order of hot cocoa confusing  and theyre making fun of it within my hearing range. I believe that was rude. Am not going back there though i live around the neighborhood!
5	Ambiance, proximity, and chocolate cappuccinos--these are my favorite things about Sambalatte.  It's in my 'hood and a great place to hang out and meet friends for great coffee, tea, and/or food.  It's always buzzing up in here, with free wi-fi available and an area dedicated to those packing their laptops to get some work done.  I've come here to do just that with my son and solo.  It's also a great place for people-watching; it feels like you're in Southern California, not Summerlin. It's everything you want in a cool Italian-style coffeehouse, with great decor and a second floor that overlooks all the activity down below.  If you have some time to spend, are in the area, and not in a rush to speed through like at Starbucks, come check it out sometime; Starbucks has nothing on Sambalatte.
4	Cozy. Artsy. Sophisticated. Welcoming. Delicious. Expensive. I used to come here often to study while I was in undergrad. They have plenty of tables (cramped into a small space, but that's okay!) to work from. There's a longer table in the middle that seats about 8 with a string of outlets for your electronic devices.  There's also a large table in the cute little loft area upstairs. There are outlets on the floor beneath the table. It's a lot more quiet in the upstairs area so if you can manage to snag a spot, then do it!Drinks are yummy here. They're quite pretty as well. I really like their soy chai tea lattes. It's rich in taste but doesn't taste syrup-y like the soy chais at Starbucks. Their Nutella Latte is alright. I don't know how they prepare it but it has a greasy feel and aftertaste. I think the Nutella latte is better served cold but make sure it's stirred well. During the summer, they have awesome ice tea mixed drinks. Definitely a thirst quencher! Their hot chocolate is rich and decadent. The perfect solution to the sweet tooth. The food is....eh. It's seriously overpriced for what you get. They have various wraps, salads and desert items. The wraps and salads are tasty, but dinky in size. Desserts are alright too but I'd rather go a few doors down to the Cheesecake Factory and get a hefty serving of a fabulous and beautiful cheesecake for similar prices. Best part of Sambalatte - in my opinion - is the live music. Let's just say I stopped studying a lot and took long breaks just to immerse myself in the performances. The performers are super talented. There is (or was...I don't know if she's still there) that used to sing and had her dad accompany her on the acoustic guitar. Super cute and super amazing. There is (or was...) an older gentleman and lady as a saxophone/keyboard duo. They play awesome jazzy music. It literally makes dance in my seat. This place is dog friendly as well! They have two dog water bowls outside that are labeled "good dog/bad dog". So adorable! There's a lot of seating outside. Perfect for a warm sunny day. If it's cold, they have warmers outside. Overall, I really love this place! Makes me happy and it'll make you happy, too. Happy people are good for the world. Oh! Make sure you get a Sipping Rewards card! Every 15th drink is free, add-ons are free and you get a free drink on your birthday!
4	This has every bit of potential to be one of the greatest coffee shops in town. The coffee is excellent - personal favorite being the Nutella latte (iced or hot), the latte art is pretty, it has a beautiful setting with an upstairs loft included, there are great/knowledgeable baristas, and cute live performances. It is far from where I live, but my previous boyfriend lived close by so I would spend a lot of time here last year with him and it was never to study or read, simply to have a drink, talk, and spend some time together. So I never had issues with locating a spot to study. I came to enjoy the ambiance. Sometimes it would be a little crowded and full of hipsters, but I don't pay attention to too much noise around me to let it bother me anyway. It's definitely a coffee shop made for socializing now.I have never tried any of their food items because they are overpriced, however I always wanted to try a macaroon or two. I always wanted them to open a sambalatte in the Henderson area, but I'm afraid it would become overcrowded as this one, so I guess I favor a more smaller, intimate independent coffee shop over this one to read, study and relax in.
4	Sambalatte is a hipster coffee oasis. The place is filled with what looks like graphic designers, independent writers, and other 30-40-somethings that wouldn't be caught dead in a Starbucks or any sort of commercial chain. If you don't have a MacBook or iPad, don't bother to show up, these are Apple people.Besides the lack of cultural diversity found in most coffee shops, sambalatte offers a solid and quality coffee experience. It really is a tried and true coffee shop.I can't give it 5 stars because it is overly priced, it's in Boca Park, and it doesn't offer a variety of other collective-ness that coffee shops (being around the world and US as I have) offer. (The Beat, in downtown LV, is still the only legit coffee shop we have in Vegas.)Sambalatte is a great spot, they have several great sandwiches, quiches, and an assortment of baked goods that will have you drooling at the counter.
2	Sambalatte is a place that believes it sells top-notch quality coffee and when compared to Starbucks it does! But the jig is up if you've been to coffee houses that actually pull off what they portray themselves as being. However, in terms of quality coffee they are not good. Sunrise coffee and Tipsy coffee houses serve better coffee in LV.  They offer pour-over coffee but use a weak ratio giving you a watered down flavor. The cappuccinos are okay. Their espresso is inconsistent. Their customer service is not memorable. The people at the counter are ready for your order to be finished and the next person helped. Fast is good, but quality customer service does not make the person ordering feel rushed.The one quality here is the ambiance and internet. I love the seating both in and outdoors. The location is good. Over all, this place could be AWESOME if the owner decides to put time into training the staff to be consistent and did a better job of managing the production.
2	This place has a nice decor and selection. My chai latte was decent, no better than the local chains however presentation was better. Service? Lacking; get over yourself and smile once or twice per shift. You're a barista, drop the snob 'tude!  The fact that you are working in Boca Park...that isn't impressing me either.  A bit pricey but that's likely due to the high rent and the clientele they hope to attract. Finding a seat can be a challenge. Why? Because like most pretentious coffee houses people just sit there for hours hoping to be noticed and pretending to "work". Places like this really need to limit table times if you're not actively purchasing.  Free wifi can be blamed for this too, it should be free if you are actually buying drinks/food and time limited...not just camping out because you're too cheap to have wifi at home or you're hoping some guy in a Ferrari will notice you.   The "patio" (aka the sidewalk next to the parking lot) is nice to have but like most Vegas patio dining areas you're stuck looking at the wonderfully appointed parking lot. How enticing!  Hey at least I can keep an eye on my overpriced exotic sport car during high tea. Yes, that's sarcasm I don't have an exotic car or engage in high tea. But you get the point. All in all it's a so-so attempt but became more like your typical pretentious Strip ultra lounge with coffee instead of liquor.
3	I wanted to like you, Sambalatte. Actually I wanted to LOVE YOU...but you just weren't worth the hype.Come on yelpers, you should've helped a girl out! I read many reviews prior to making the drive here. A lot of reviews were saying "good coffee." "omgosh best coffee i ever had!" "sure beats the hell outta starbucks" etc...etc... BUT WHAT DRINK DID YOU ORDER!?!? Besides the Nutella Latte I kept seeing, there wasn't any other drink that stood out in reviews.So what did I end up ordering???? What I normally order at unfamiliar coffee joints. A 12 oz. iced hazlenut latte. I played it safe. Yes, I know. (what else was I supposed to order!? send any suggestions over, please) At almost $5.00 for their SMALL SIZED drink....it was a total letdown. To me, it tasted like a waterdown generic iced hazlenut latte. I've had better lattes than this. =( I also got 3 maccarrons. Again, I read reviews warning that these are small in size. Ugh...these must be the smallest maccarrons I've seen. $1.50 isn't a bad price for these...they're about the same in LA. So with a large java chip iced blended drink for my boyfriend, a small iced hazlenut latte for myself as well as 3 maccarrons ran my bill up to $14.50! Oh lord have mercy. With that price...I could've gone to my one and only Starbucks 4 times!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	I read a lot of positive reviews about this place so when I was in this part of town I stopped by Sambalatte and ordered a caramel latte and veggie quiche. My hot drink is rather delicious, with a faint hint of caramel and espresso while the veggie quiche was very good. I frequent Sunrise Coffee quite a lot and if I were to compare this drink here with my usual caramel macchiato at Sunrise, I think Sambalatte's caramel latte tasted like it may have more caloric content. So if you are health conscious like me and only like one particular drink, maybe it's better to opt for the one at Sunrise.If I ever find myself in the NW area of Vegas, I am definitely stopping by here again and try the salmon quiche plus a caramel hot espresso drink!
4	There's two sides to Boca Park. You have what I call the Charleston side and Tivoli Village side. That's how I describe a location of a place when I'm meeting someone out here.  The Tivoli side houses the best of the best..REI, Cheesecake Factory, Kona, Embers, and Sambalatte.  You'll find a busy parking lot and even busier establishments. Smack in the middle of these establishments is Sambalatte. You can't miss it. Just look for a bunch of people outside enjoying their company and a cup of joe.Took me awhile for this review for a couple reasons.  First, I've never tried any of their food or treats. And second, I've never took advantage by hanging out long enough. Okay I lied. I once sat in here for about 3 hours while a friend did some shopping. I got tired watching her shop so I found myself at the Starbucks then migrated here.  This place has wifi and wished at the time that I had my iPad or laptop. I kept myself occupied with their iced mocha's, which is a good change from a the hot ones. Their iced drinks are perfect on a hot Las Vegas summer when caffeine is needed. Their mocha's are creamy and doesn't hit you all at once. I love a strong coffee, but not so much a strong tasting one. Their mocha's are exactly this. As for the my other choice, it's the good ol' Americano in the AM or an iced one in the afternoon.  The ambiance actually changes throughout the day and even the week. I'm almost always outside, but also look forward to take advantage of their desks and tables inside.  Service is a bit slow compared to a SB, but that's expected here. Their drinks are served in glasses, not disposable paper cups. This means you're meant to stay and hang out.  Until last night, it's been awhile since my last visit. This visit reminded me to come back.
5	Being very particular about my coffee, I can share with you that this is the best place to have a cappuccino or any kind of cup of coffee in Las Vegas. The baristas are very well trained in delivering the best coffee possible, not to mention extremely friendly. A must visit if you are in Las Vegas or you reside in the west side of town.
1	Ahhh Sambalatte where do I begin...This place is great if you enjoy a cliche vegas place trying too hard to be something it is not, trendy/local/hip... Its completely kitschTheir subpar coffee is prepared by uneducated (coffee-wise) and rude employees their latte art is cool but it adds to the already long wait to get some coffee.  #gag
4	Very classic trendy coffee shop. They have everything u need including foam art in ur cup. (Ok so maybe u don't need that but it still helps!) the loss of a star is the lack of enthusiasm that I get from the staff here. They don't seem overly helpful but are still nice. They also don't have free wifi, but you get the password if u but something on the bottom of ur receipt. Still overall a very nice shop!
3	Almost like the little cafes in Europe, but you have to stand in line, wait to order your drink, wait for your drink, carry your own drink...and they still want your tip...???You see, in Europe, at these prices, they have waiters and waitresses that will come to your table and you get the full coffee experience. Just sayin'
5	I don't understand how people could leave one star ratings for Sambalatte. Everyone who works here is extremely friendly and knowledgeable about coffee, espresso, and tea. The owner knows everything there is to know about coffee and owning this business. The style and function of the place is outstanding. The loft upstairs is cozy and secluded. I could not think of a better coffee shop in the area. So whether you're just visiting or you live in the area, make sure to stop by!
5	I'm so glad I live so close to this delicious coffee shop that I can go with friends to talk and enjoy an AMAZING cup of Nutella latte. I'm a huge fan of Nutella and when I heard they had Nutella latte here, I'm went bizarre and drove here the minute after and it was delicious! I love the live music they have in here, the bar where you can plug in your laptop, and the upstairs area with all the books and small tables. The vibe is so good, not too loud and great music. Even though the prices are a little high, it's worth it. But I do not recommend the pastries, those are way too expensive I think and I can get those in other places with the same taste and lower price.
5	Awesome coffee shop!Great vibe and excellent coffee. I particularly love the communal tables where nice conversations with strangers naturally strike up. For all the laptoppers, you'll be happy to know that Wifi is free (with a purchase, which is more than fair) and that there are outlets EVERYWHERE. The management is very friendly towards laptop-warriors. Lastly, the coffee is great and there are many LOOSE LEAF TEA selections! I just wish it was open even later.
4	When I went to high school, the cool thing was to hang out at Starbucks and order strawberry Frappuccinos while having serious discussions about how Jennifer dating Aaron was probably the worst idea ever and why having a 4.24 GPA was not good enough for Stanford. My, how times have changed. The high schoolers are still there but now we are embracing latte art and nobody does it better than Sambalatte. The cafe is cozy, the baristas are genuine, and of course, the coffee is as gorgeous as it tastes! Grad students huddle over textbooks in the corner, wizened retirees chat about the meaning of life at the counter near the bar, and suburban couples sit outside with their canines. My friends from LA that I bring here when they want the "local experience," (you know, the same people who ask you to please hook them up at a nightclub later that day) tell me it's just like Urth Caffe. I've never been to the latter, but I can assume that ours is a step up because the parking is free and the traffic is nonexistent. Win.
5	Love the coffee here, no matter what I have, latte after latte, tea after tea!It's a great place to hang out with friends or people watching .The employes are absolutely phenomenal, ready to recommend something new or to help you make a decision.I love taking my dog out and about whenever I can, this place is the perfect spot for him to stop for a bowl full with water while I grab my coffee.Super friendly!
1	Grossly over priced! Extremely slow and incompetent. I ordered a tea and my gf a coffee. Simple right. Was out of coffee and who I think was the manager said let me pour you this remaining half a cup to sip while I get you a fresh cup. Then she forgot all about getting a cup of coffee, walked by us several times at the end of the counter before we finally had to stop her and ask about the coffee. She looked at us as if we were crazy so, we had to remind her it was her request we wait until a fresh pot was ready and she would get us a cup. No apology no anything walked away got a cup of coffee and walked backed handed to my gf and without a word walked away. If remembering to serving a cup of coffee is that difficult (i watched them make 6 specialty coffee's while we waited for a simple cup of coffee) for the manager to remember she might want to consider a new line of work. They don't have to worry about me returning to over burden them this was my 1st and last experience at Sambalatte I will stick with Starbucks or Panera.
3	I came here because I saw it on the Vegas Seven Magazine and I liked it. Very small and European, staff was friendly so that's always a plus. One thing I did not like is that they didn't have any highchairs, and though it is suppose to be a quiet and relaxing coffe shop, it would be nice if they had highchairs.On another note, the coffee is AMAZING and such a good price for the size, I ordered a cafe con leche and yum!! Of course I checked out their menu online before coming and their pastries looked so delicious so that made me want to come sooner. Unfortunately, their website shows they have napoleons but when I came today they didn't have any, so I am hoping that that was just a one time deal.I ordered an Italian sub and though it was delicious, I don't believe its worth $10.00. I also tried the vanilla pumpkin bundt cake and that was very good and a good deal for the price, such a huge piece for $4.50. Also, tried the crocquant de Cuba and that was ok, wasn't to impressed and in my opinion, definitely not worth $7.25.Overall, I liked the place for the coffee and wouldn't mind coming back but next time I will bring my own Italian sub from another deli and drink it with their cafe con leche.  :-)
4	Love taking a break from the usual Starbucks and coming to a true "coffee house".The baristas are talented and deliver latte works of art in ceramic cups.Your usual hipster type crowd.Prices are a bit higher than I would like to pay, but this place is just so cool I don't mind. The salmon quiche was wonderful and a nice departure from the standard pastries.The upstairs seating area is my target spot  to go each time. A great meeting place for my clients when I'm in the area.Even the name is cool.
5	Sambalatte is my favorite coffee shop for so many reasons. Their coffee and espresso drinks are excellent. My favorite drink is the Mocha, but every drink I have had has been amazing. The baristas are incredibly sweet and friendly. I am torn as to whether I love the staff or the coffee more. The food and pastries are delicious. They serve the best almond croissant I have ever had. And their ham and brie sandwich tastes like Paris. Prices are lower than Starbucks and the quality of their product is unparalleled. I love the two-story layout and the live music on the weekends. I can't say enough good things about this place. I absolutely adore Sambalatte. Best coffee in Las Vegas.
5	I'm am NOT a coffee house guy.  5 stars means a lot for a coffee house.  Something about it makes it feel very east coast and earthy.  It is very welcoming and inviting.  You feel like you can stay for Hours on end!  It's not a generic starbucks, but a great coffee house for meeting with friends and enjoying time together.  The coffee is great and the pastries were very tasty.  Great place to hang.  I hope they open one in Henderson.
4	anytime is a good time for coffee so I finally made it to Samba...this morning...of course had to try the nutella latte and I enjoyed it and will return provided I am on that side of town...speaking of that side of town allot of reviews attribute qualities to Samba...that you find in other establishments in Boca Park and Summerlin so not sure if that is surprising or noteworthy...overall the experience like at so many independent or small coffee houses beats that of Starbucks...
4	My favorite coffee shop in Vegas for the vibe there. Love the live music every time I've been. Sometimes it can get crowded and I've had to wait for seats. Once I had a MILF snap at me in line because I took more than 2 seconds to decide on which macaron I wanted. She didn't even ask and went right in front of me in line as I was admiring the macarons. Pretty normal for some people from this neighborhood I suppose. The macaron was smooth and a tiny bite of perfection. If you don't mind calories this place is great but it does not have as many sugar free options for tea latte or lattes like its competitors.
4	This place has great barista and a good latte and cappuccino. Counter is a bit overwhelming. However coffee and service were grrrrreat!! Should be 4.5!
4	I came here on a Sunday morning to get some programming work done.  I am not your foo foo coffee person.  Black house coffee for me.  It was good.  I got a breakfast sandwich.  Basically an Egg Mc Muffin.  $8.00.  A little on the pricey side.As far as being able to work, it is great.  There are lots of electrical outlets and places you can just sit and set some stuff done.  Free WiFi (with purchase) and it is decent WiFi.Overall, if you are looking for a place to sit and get some work done this is a good place.
4	The best cappuccino you're likely to find in Las Vegas. I've looked.
2	Ick- wanted to like this place, service was okay, the Honduras was good, not great, but the mocha frappe (I think it's called that?!) was TERRIBLE! Watered down chocolate shake, NOT worth $5.50...McDonald's frappe is better! And I'm being nice :/Maybe I'm spoiled with independent coffee houses back home, but this place blew! Back to L.A. County and yummy coffee!
4	Independent coffee shops remind me of when my friends and I would cafe-hop while studying for finals. Unfortunately, they're a rare kind here in Vegas, but Sambalatte is the closest thing to what I've been searching for!There's no doubt that their latte art is eyecatching, but sometimes the flavor's lost in their drinks. That said, I enjoyed their mocha latte, but their famous Nutella latte was a bit of a watery letdown. Their matcha green tea latte never fails to lure me, but the price prevents me from caving in to temptation. I'll treat myself to it one day.Their macarons have me hooked. Vibrantly colored with a flavor to match, these meringue morsels have a diameter slightly longer than that of a half dollar. Hands down, their mango macaron is my absolute favorite. My only wish is that they were a smidge bigger for their $1.50 price tag, but I understand these delicate sweet treats are difficult to make.With its comfortable atmosphere and mellow hipster vibe, this cafe welcomes anyone from the sole person equipped with a laptop to a couple on a coffee date. Makes for an ideal people watching spot (if you're into that), so grab a latte, take a seat, and enjoy.
5	Awesome place.  We don't have too much cafe like this in Vegas.   Coffee is so good, and the staff is very nice.  I love there is a live music too.  I hope there would be more seats especially outside since everytime when I stop by with my dog, it is impossible to find a seat, so I had to go somewhere else unfortunately.  It's getting so popular, so I wish they would open another store.
3	The creations they make are very unique and everything tastes great. You can tell they put time into their food and coffee alike. Local artists come and perform here too so if you want some variety and entertainment its on hand at this place. However the reason I'm giving this place three stars is because of how cramped it feels inside. I feel like if it was a bigger place with maybe more couches and comfort chairs it would be a great place to just chill and relax. When it's busy especially it feels like you have to squeeze through everything, and then the table you sit at is this tiny little table that can barely hold two plates. Even though to be honest the place fits itself, maybe they can open another larger location with more comfortable dining and relaxed atmosphere. Also, it seems like a lot of people come here just to be with the "in" crowd, as it is a hot place right now. So just know it's a crowded place most the time and a bit noisy.
4	more locations coming soon:http://www.reviewjournal.com/business/retail/qa-luiz-claudio-oliveira-owner-and-operator-sambalatte-torrefazione
3	I love the seating and electrical outlet availability in this shop.  Also the live music and ambiance is great.  The only reason I gave it 3 stars is the prices.  The prices are astronomical for what you are getting.  I can go a few doors down and get a meal at Cheesecake Factory for the same price as a sandwich and a drink (or a dessert and a drink) here. I would definitely go and spend more time if it was a bit more affordable.
5	Let me say this: you're going to wait to get your coffee because good things come to those who wait. You will not be disappointed. I love everything about this place; the atmosphere, excellent, friendly, staff, very welcoming. I really only drink espresso so I can't comment on the other drinks but the long double shot is brilliant. Their menu items look delicious but as someone who deals with food sensitivities I can't have anything they offer. I did ask about allergy free options and the young lady behind the counter said they are looking into it, they just haven't found anything up to their standards yet. This is also totally going above and beyond the usual request but if they would offer rice or hemp milk instead of the standard soy/almond alternatives I would move in permanently.
5	This place was so delicious!  I had the cheese plate, Samba Solstice tea, and a fruit bowl. My friend and I felt like indulging and got the Nutella Bomb Dome as dessert and it was extremely amazing.
5	This place reminds me of a coffee shop in New York City. It is cool, comfortable, creative and everything is delicious. For a coffee shop, they have a wide range of offerings if you are hungry. They offer coffee from around the world. They steep it in such a way that you get all the flavors that you are paying for. The seating environment is appealing. If you want to get out of your house, take your computer and just be creative; this is the place for you. For me, it is a long drive so when I go I make the day out of it. I sit, I write, I sip. This is a great place and I'm glad it is here.
5	The best coffee shop I have ever been too, and the standard by which all others will be judged in my book.Oh coffee how I love thee!  Let me count the ways.  Literally since there are about 2 dozen different ways to get a single cup of drip here.  Not to mention the really cool cold press machine right on the front counter.Tried a ham and cheese croissant there and was very surprised that it was homemade.  Everything was perfect.
5	Love the coffee and all the fun techniques they use for a great experience.
3	As great as Sambalatte is, what is even better is their location.  The plaza that it is located in, is your one stop shop for getting coffee, buying wine, and trying on clothing.  The coffee scene in Las vegas is saturated with Starbucks, i was happy when i discovered the independent Sambalatte.  In this 2 floored coffee shop, there isn't a shortage of seating, both indoor and out.  With their full and extensive menu, all of your coffee needs are fulfilled.  I ordered an iced caramel latte, which with the las vegas heat, was totally satisfying.  As good as the drinks were, their macarons were excellent.  I am unsure if they are made in house, but they were a great treat to go along with my beverage.
5	I love this little gem out of the Strip. Such a cute spot but it was very busy. You would have to wait for a table on a weekend. I suggest only go for the coffee. The food is kinda expensive yet not impressive. -Eggs white frittata - wish it was hotter when it arrived. This little thing cost me almost $10-Nutella coffee - Great coffee. I like that it was not sweet. I had a Nutella latte before and it was like a dessert drink. This one is a true coffee. The boldness of coffee and the creaminess of nutella mingled well together. Great local  find in Vegas!
5	If you love espresso, cappuccino , etc... this is the place for you !  The coffee selections are wonderful and the ambience is perfect. I live in Anthem and I find that the drive to Summerlin is well worth the distance .
5	What a cute place ! The ambiance in this shop and in the plaza is really nice. Love the frappes and coffees. They make really cute designs in hot drinks too.
4	Its cute, stylish, chic and they make a damn good cup of coffee. But refusing to refill a $5 cup of tea is mildly absurd. I work and write at my best in comfortable environments and Sambalatte has a cozier feel than your run-of-the-mill coffee chain. It doesn't hurt that they're in the heart of Summerlin so you can do some of your best people-watching here. They're indoor-outdoor setup is excellent for socializing and studying alike. The co-working table downstairs is outlet-friendly and has the best lighting for reading and working. They also have a small upstairs area and a patio to sip alfresco. They have a high quality bean selection to choose from. Plus, you have a choice of a ceramic or paper cup to-go. Their rise to fame is the Nutella Latte. A few others spots in town make it but Sambalatte certainly makes it the best. Their baristas seem to be well-trained and really know how to operate those fancy expresso machines to their maximum potential. Nothing is worse than milk that resembles stiff soap suds. They have an excellent tea selection of white, black and green teas. They're definitely quality and not the generic Tazo stuff. I do have a gripe with the fact they won't re-steep. The customer is always right--right? If a paying customer wants hot water, they get hot water? I'm no tea expert but my STI-certified friend said there's nothing wrong with re-steeping. The leaves will emit a different flavor but it all depends on personal preference. Even the tea snobs do it at least once. Now, the question is are they out for $$$ or do they truly believe that tea leaves should NEVER be re-steeped...SERVICE is less than satisfactory. I haven' t had a pleasant experience dealing with the people behind the counter. They're either socializing with each other or working too slowly to satisfy the occasionally massive line of customers. If traffic is slow, they're generally not at attention to take your order. Because waiting 5 minutes for someone to take your order is acceptable here.Tea, coffee, ambiance are all winners. Service and strange rules are not.
5	I get so sad when Smaba is closed. I propose you guys stay open til midnight 7 days a week. Some of us need coffee late and I die when I am subjected to that junk served at Starbucks :( Maybe I should just buy a coffee machine, but it won't help.
5	Whenever I am on the West side of town for whatever reason I love to be able to stop by Samabalatte. It has become a tradition of mine to make a reason to get near the vicinity just to say I must go.My rating of 5 Stars stands proudly after quite awhile. My most recent trip was for post-dinner lattes with a friend. I ordered the Nutella Cappuccino which is beyond excellent. I have not and doubt I will find a drink here I dislike. I believe prices to be right on for what you are getting, and much less than Starbucks.I enjoy the seating, the ambiance, and the friendly patrons. I also am impressed by their shining customers service. On my last trip here there was also a band playing out front. So, this coffee shop offers everything it should and it is doing it right. Good job.
4	Super cute place to come and study or just relax, good drinks and pastries! A bit pricey though!
5	love love love!!!  i go OUT OF MY WAY for the Nutella Lattes & Quiches!!!  Thanks Paul (I think that was the Baristas name... he's the extreme coffee nerd one) haha!!!
5	A welcome relief from the big name coffee spots. There are often local musicians performing adding a community texture that is sorely missing in our city.
4	Finally a REAL coffee shop in town and in a great area too. Only reason for not giving 5 stars is, even though they have single origin coffees from multiple locations around the globe, they still slightly over-roast the beans. Being a home coffee roaster for a few years now, you really appreciate it when a shop will roast the bean based upon its character and not just to suit the masses (s-bucks)
5	This place is the best. Iced latte is the best I've ever had - almost wondering if they use cream instead if milk it tastes so good. Only complaint it that they are always busy with all the seating usually taken up - however a business that is busy is a good business with awesome product and awesome service!
5	Absolutely best coffee I've tasted anywhere. I normally put splenda in my coffee, but not this. You can actually taste the flavor of coffee, no need for additives. This is what coffee SHOULD taste like!!! Simply amazing! Great service and staff! Make sure you ask for Cedric.
4	Oh it's 113 degrees, what do you want to do? Go drink a delicious hot Nutella latte that's what. Sambalatte has live music, great decor, books and magazines to peruse, and a bunch of yummy desserts and pastries to munch on.
5	Bravo!!!Love this place... Coffee, tea, and treats are delicious!Every time we are in Las Vegas we always make several stops,It is worth the drive from the strip, tantalizing your taste buds!
4	great coffee, great tunes, great people. I just wish there were times when the environment was more conducive to working/studying.
5	My home away from home. Sambalatte overs a hip, cozy atmosphere while serving some of the best coffee I've had. They have large tables with outlets so you can slide up and get some work done. They're dirty chai tea is amazing!!!! Everyone there is very friendly and knowledgable. LOVE THIS PLACE. Oh, they also have live entertainment most nights. Best part....it's within walking distance from my house!
4	I've been here a  few times already. It kind of reminds me of a coffee shop up near UC Berkeley. It's cozy, but sometimes gets a little crowded. At least there is indoor/outdoor, as well as upstairs seating. Free wi-fi.  I like that they have live music too. Breakfast sandwiches are served all day. Love the French Country Sandwich -  it literally melts in your mouth. Nice variety of desserts. The coffee, (i've tried both the iced mocha and hot mocha), is excellent - skip the Starbucks and come straight here! The smoothies are tasty too. The only downside I can think of is that it's a little pricey.  2 sandwiches and a couple of drinks will put you in the $20+ dollar range. All in all, a good experience. I'll keep coming back here to get my Saturday afternoon caffeine fix!
4	I adore this place!!! I can't get enough of their coffee!The only reason that keeps me from giving it 5 stars is the location. It's too far from my side of town. I live in the Southwest, and they are located in Boca Park.I have mainly ordered Nutella latte. I LOVE how they do coffee art. The taste for me is just right. I usually sit in the coffee shop and enjoy my coffee, however my friend and I were in a rush for today's visit. Today they were pretty crowded. Most of the people who come here are the ones who like to go on their laptops. First floor gets filled up fast, but they do have a second floor. And there's outside seating a well. Even with the crowd and the noise, I still love the whole vibe of the shop.The service is good and they have a rewards card you can sign up for if you frequent the place. I definitely recommend a visit and am repeat customer!Please sambalatte - open up a location in the Southwest part of town..!!
5	Best coffee I've ever had. Beats Starbucks any day. Iced latte is wonderful. I love the whole vibe of this spot. They need another location in Town Square!
4	Ventured away from the strip and with the guidance of Yelp, came across this jewel. Beautiful 2 story coffee shop with a fancy yet cozy feel and ambiance. Various cool looking coffee making devices are displayed near the counter. I ordered a soy, Nutella Latte and it was divine! Creamy and delicious plus latte art was a nice treat to start my day.  I was so full from breakfast that I didn't get to to try any of the yummy looking pastries and egg white frittata. Must try the macaron sandwich cookie next time. Will definitely come back.
5	Chocolate cappuccino! Serously. Best ever.
5	This place is good for studying! Sometimes a little noisy because of people chatting, but the drinks and sweets are great! The macarons only $1.50! And there are outlets everywhere to charge your electronics. Definitely coming back!
5	"5" across the board. Organic Coffee! Several interesting books to read and relax in upper loft! Delicious food, great service.
4	Great vibe, delicious drinks- only complaint was that the tables were dirty and service was slow. Not sure if their employees are supposed to clean up empty cups and dishes but it wasn't happening the day I went there. Great place to grab a drink and chill out though.
5	Totally awesome!!! Good quality food and of course coffee. Try the cafe mocha with some apple strudel! The ambiance and killer aroma of fresh coffee makes you feel that you are in an authentic euro style coffee house!
5	I'm so glad I found this spot. Usually when I stay in the area I have to resort to Starbucks. Sambalatte has good coffee, tasty food and a great staff.
3	This place is a nice cafe with multiple outlets for your laptop and chargers. I do enjoy the ham and cheese croissant but I think the price is a little outrageous for a simple croissant. The service is pretty fast. I am a tea drinker and they do have a good selection and much better than starbucks.
4	Don't drink coffee but I would definitely come back for one. A variety of items, will try something new everytime I come by
4	I love cute, cozy coffee shops, so I knew I had to find a good one around town - Sambalatte did the trick! I love the setting of the place, it's adorable. I also love how they have live music playing (but to warn some: it can be pretty loud). So for their drinks and food, I've only tried their nutella latte since it was my first time. Surely, I'll be returning sometime and will be also trying out new items!
4	One of the better coffee houses here in Las Vegas. Whenever we have family or friends in we always take them there. My husband loves the espresso.
3	I have been to Samba quite a few times. The more I go, the less I like it. I do enjoy the ambiance. It remind me of a place that you'd find in Portland. Lots of Hipsters, and people with their puppies and Macbooks. If you wanna be surrounded by people from the hipster scene, then this is your place.I have had the tea and coffee, which are just okay. I usually go for the macaroons, but after you eat a certain amount they all start to taste the same.If you're in the neighborhood and don't mind paying extra for coffee, go for it.
5	Best coffee in summerlin!!!! I live in California but travel to vegas on a regular basis and this place is always on my list.
5	the best in las vegas! i just love love love this place!
4	vegas is getting there... there aren't a lot of coffeehouse options on the NW side of town (i dont do starbucks) so minus the yuppies and the posers, it is a good place for a decent cup of chai. the pastries are delish too!
5	Sambalatte is one of my favorite places to lounge, drink coffee/tea, converse, or catch up on some reading.  Before you walk in, there are tables outside, often occupied, with people studying, sipping, and staring. This prepares you for what is to come after you pull the door open to enter the place.  On a Saturday afternoon - evening, you will most likely encounter a crowd of people doing the exact same thing as the people in the front.  One thing that is different, though, is the ambience inside, with canonical books and well-known magazine publications on their shelves, the humungous map of coffee-bean cultivators of the world, and the occasional independent musicians who perform there, playing originals and syncopated notes from a trumpet player to cover-songs of Abba on a violin and Bruno Mars sung by a hipster with his acoustic guitar.  Yes, I go here for the performances just to enjoy my coffee experience, sometimes. The line to order doesn't take too long.  The same goes for the wait to receive your order.  Besides drinks, you can also find sandwiches, quiches, macarons, cookies, and all types of desserts here.  As far as drinks, I almost always get something cold and anything with Nutella or Matcha Green Tea.  A few days ago, I had their Matcha frappe - and it made my whole weekend.  The tea had a hint of savoriness, perhaps the matcha powder gives it this kick, which was great alongside the subtle sweetness.  The iced-nutella latte - needs no explanation.  I will tell you that they smear nutella on the sides of the inner cup - yes.  I currently live in the Southwest, so I was happy to hear that they are building a Sambalatte on Jones and the 215.  Overall, if you want to get a well-rounded coffee drinking experience, then go to Sambalatte.  Make sure you go on their Facebook and check out the upcoming artists, if you want to check them out live.  If you want to study and drink coffee, and don't mind people talking around you, then you can study here too (there is a large study table with a several outlets you can use to plug in).  I do wish they would close a bit later, though.
4	Such a warm and inviting place to catch up with friends or do some studying at . The coffee and tea is amazing and great quality! Have a good variety of food and pastries hmm and macaroons! Love that it's open later than most
5	Sambalatte has the best ambiance! Love going there for meetings with clients and business associates. Appreciate the upstairs loft where you can have a little quieter space to visit and the outdoor seating when wanting a little fresh air along with great people watching! Love the coffee and the pastries!
5	My slice of heaven. It's hard to find good cafes in Vegas. Sundays they play live music which is always nice but during the acts that have an electric guitar, it gets a shade too loud to do work. They have an upstairs for extra seating as well as a mini patio in front. The people that come here are interesting as well, I like to people watch -- you will always see interesting folks stop by for a coffee.Which brings me to my next point, their coffee is delicious but I like their hot tea more. They have it in large presses, perfect for enjoying multiple sips of tea. It can take awhile to get your order but that's understandable as they are usually busy. All in all, one of the best places to relax with friends or do work.Five stars for ambiance. Five stars for product offerings.Five stars for servers.Five stars for work space (multiple outlets are key!)
5	I'm in love with this place! It feels more like a Seattle or San Fran coffee shop than Vegas. It has amazing coffee & service. And the food and treats are to die for; they have both savory & sweet treats. You can get in and out quick..no drive through...or stay and chill upstairs, downstairs or on the patio.
4	I don't frequent coffee establishments...in fact it takes a special place to make we want to go in for a visit.  Sambalatte is just that!  In fact it annoys me now when someone wants to meet somewhere else for coffee.  They are serving quality products here, work with local small businesses and have great customer service.  It is a little trendy, but not terribly pretentious.  The best part is they are carrying She Bakes products now...SO GOOD...they have summoned my taste buds twice in the last week!
4	Came up to summerlin to check out the siphon coffee everbody is taking about. It cost $11 with the house coffee beans, but it is enough for two people to have two small cups each. It was good, Nothing that blew my mind though. It also got cold really quick in the glass container.  We also tired the Nutella biscotti and the vegetable quiche. The biscotti was perfect with the coffee, the quiche in the other hand was good just had too much nutmeg and was way over priced at $7.75. The place itself is reall the cool. A hippie in the corner playing some soft music, free wifi and they also have a large table with tons of outlets for you to set up shop with your labtop and coffee. I want come here agian to try their cappuccinos. It just sucks they are so far away.
5	Heard a lot about the place and we wanted to check it out. My wife had a siphon coffee, I had just a decaf with a small pastry, and we bought some chocolate.We usually get our coffee at Starbucks; and I am not a coffee connoisseur, but I have to say: "Sambalatte is the best coffee I ever had". It is not a cheap place, but if you want cheap coffee you shouldn't come here anyway. We will definetely be back.
5	My bridesmaid and I went here for some cappuccinos but the machine was down.. all they could offer us was drip coffee or tea. thank goodness they had a great tea selection and a cute patio to enjoy.staff was friendly and recommended the lavender earl grey tea. both of us got that and 3 macaroons each:I got: Black Currant (yuck), Almond (AMAZING) and Passion Fruit (just ok)she got: Pistachio (she liked it), Caramel (her fav) and Coconut (close to 1st :) )
1	WARNING!! This place is super over priced! Low quality small cake cost $6+None Refillable Hot Tea for $4! You can't even BUY hot water for your tea, but only pay for a new order! lol~ funniest thing I have ever heard! No refill for hot tea? Really?? LMAO!
5	I always make the trip here for coffee when I'm in Vegas.  Usually I get the iced coffee or tea.  Food items they serve are also very good.  Never a bad experience here.  I wish they had one in CA.
5	I love this place and it blends in so beautifully with the shopping center. I feel like I am in a small city in Europe or something when I am in this shopping center. This place is packed with chatty people and friendly baristas. I read previous reviews and some yelped mentioned about the high price. Well, I think people come here to relax and have a conversation with friends while drinking high quality customized coffee. So, I think the price is reasonable. A perfect place to hang out with your friends or a nice spot to enjoy your lazy morning with a cup of coffee.
5	What a great find. Absolutely love the Parisian flare. Everything about the cafe is was fun. Very creative latte's, we went to have dessert and coffee. I ate every crumb of my apple tart. LOL My daughter had mint tea and it was perfect. Yes we are going back. I went to breakfast here on Friday with some new friends and we had the best time. This is a winner.
4	Nice little coffee shop in Boca Park.when we went it was busy but orders were pretty getting out to customers pretty quick. It's a tad bit pricey but definitely worth it when it comes the taste. Portions could be bigger but the customer service overall was great.
3	Best latte I have ever had so I keep coming back here, but the customer service always makes me feel like I do not belong there! Their is an air about the place that they just know I typically frequent Starbucks- and they make me feel ashamed for doing so!!While the place is expensive and I almost dread coming in for fear I will not fit in and the judgmental stares from the barista- I keep coming back because the lattes are to die for!
1	Rude staff! Over price!! Staff is not friendly at all, they have a good atmosphere and variety pastries but I will never go back , coffe is just ok . The main reason I won't step there again is staff very rude not paying a lot for a coffe to have to deal with rude people. Horrible costumer service and I gave it a chance it's the 3 time and last i was there this afternoon.
2	Awful service . There were only 5 people in the whole place n the barista never called for out coffee. Had to go n ask if this was mine. so obviously coffee was cold. Didn't apologize nor offered another coffee. My friend had been there twice before n said got the same shitty service last toe times too. Guess they are not getting our money again
4	This place has a huge selection of beverages!  My sister got the Sumatra hand poured,  she got it black and it had the best flavor!  My husband got an iced soy latte, very good!  I got an herbal tea called Jet Lag Energy, it was minty and very light and tasty. We will come back for sure. We sat outside on a lovely day!
5	I considered giving them a 4 because of the price point.... I buy an iced coffee and a pastry and wind up paying $13... Which is absolutely ridiculous, however it deserves 5 stars bc everything about it just WORKS. The location, ambience, drinks, pastries..... Perfection!The iced coffee here can be made from a drip system.... Fresh tasting and the bean is divine. Buying a bag of whatever roast they have out will set you bag a cool $16 though. Is it worth it? To me, totally. Take your work with you and connect to wifi, go upstairs and grab a chair and a book..... Or simply just sit outside with your pooch. It's my idea of a perfect morning!
5	This is the best coffee house in the valley. Go there. That is all.
2	$5.25 for a small latte, which I was told that wasn't sweetened but it was. Nuff said!!
5	This place was awesome!
5	Love this place. Great place to grab a coffee, bite to eat and catch up on work. I usually like to go get work done after the kids go to bed. I would frequent this location more if they were open later.
3	didn't get to drink the coffee...fruit salad - goodegg white fritata was okvery nice wait staff
5	Awesome lattes and cappuccinos. Nice coffee art. Excellent location and atmosphere.
5	Great coffee...amazing atmosphere! The staff is very friendly and the baristas know what they're talking about. One of my favorite places out here. Do yourself a favor and try the chemex pot. It adds Such a clean smooth flavor.
3	Items selected:Nutella LatteBlueberry SconeCarrot MuffinNutella BombeCraquant de Cuba - chocolate crisp, hazelnut coffee cream, shortbread, toffee glazeAlmond, Pistachio, Caramel MacaronAlmond CroissantLocated in Boca Park and representing one of the best artisan coffee shops in a city where such places are only now beginning to emerge Sambalatte was self-selected as an ideal meeting place with my Real Estate Agent early Friday morning, a substantial departure from his suggestion of the Starbucks just down the street but one that has since 'changed his whole approach' to coffee (and given me a great place to relax, drink good coffee, and enjoy the free wi-fi.)  Featuring a large, open floor plan with both patio seating and a loft filled with books, lounge chairs, and a communal table plus an impressive selection of scratch pastries and house-roasted coffees predominantly hailing from Central and South America ordering decisions were placed squarely in my hands, the subsequent 90 minutes covering a good variety of cakes, cookies, scones, muffins, and Viennoiserie plus the shop's oft raved Nutella latte which is every bit as good as the rumors.  Speaking to the quality of the pastry much of what we tasted at Sambalatte was well made save for an almond croissant literally oozing with frangipane and a caramel macaron that had clearly been refrigerated, but taking into account the price none were truly 'rave worthy' save for the blueberry riddled scone and complex Craquant de Cuba which managed a delicate balance of decadent and dainty; each layer presenting something new and the sum far greater than sum of its parts.
5	Coolest place EVER. not only for the cappuccino (which, in my opinion, is the best in town, hands down), but for the vibe and PEOPLE. The staff dresses up for Halloween, they know me by name, they have AMAZING musicians performing constantly, and it's a great place to network! I actually get MORE work done at Sambalatte than I do at my office on certain days. Love it!!
3	Coffee - I got a white chocolate mocha and hubby got a hot chai latte. Both were really good and $4.75 each, so about a buck more than Starbucks with better, smoother flavor.Food - we got a ham and cheese croissant toasted and a quiche lorraine. The sandwich was tasty but the quiche had a weird texture. The food took about 15 minutes longer than our coffee to arrive. The food items were $7.75 and that seemed WAY overpriced since they were tiny.Overall, I would get coffee from here again, but for a grand total of almost $27, it is so not worth it. I left still hungry and was not nearly satisfied. For that much I can go get my grub on at The Cracked Egg and leave stuffed with a good cup of joe. Probably won't be back unless I feel all hipster and fancy.
4	This place is a great place to spend a day or half if you want to relax and have a cup of coffee (or two). I came here on a Sunday afternoon where it was not too crowd ( I heard it's usually packed on the weekend), and I ordered the first two black coffee and a latte came after. Coffee is decent and not too pricy. Their macarons are the bomb! caramel and black currant are my favorite flavors. On Sundays, they have live band! :) Service.... well, the black coffee usually quick to receive but, I waited almost 10 mins for my latte where there was only 3 orders in front of me. (one iced coffee and two  filtered coffee) I would appreciate more if they can make speed up the orders. Other than that, I love this place. Maybe I didn't visit here often enough, but they started a reward program that if  you purchase 15 drinks and then you will receive the 16th for FREE. In addition, their second location on 215W and Jones is going to open on Dec 15th, 2013! How excited! XD
4	This is probably the best coffee shop in Summerlin. It's a bit pricey, but the drinks are solid, and the macaroons are to die for.
5	I used to go here all the time when I was living in summerlin. now I'm in henderson. not too far but I wish they made another one! best coffee and salads! their interior design is so cute reminds me of the city SF or NYC!
5	Well I was searching for a good coffee shop since Starbucks now resembles a bus station and never has a coffee smell anymore.  Great coffee, french press offered, real cups, teas, french pastries, sandwiches and great soups.  Two stories and smells like coffee.  A bit "trendy" for me but worth the trade to have such good snacks and great coffee.  Espresso curled my hair - great!
4	Love the coffee here. I always substitute milk for soy. I wish it was a little bigger because it's always so packed when I go. I can't wait for the second location. I'll be a lot closer
5	Finding this gem made me want to move to Summerlin. Really though, I can't get enough of the macaroons, soups and extensive varieties of teas. The baguettes and veggie croissant-wiches appeal to Euro and American palates alike. The atmosphere is perfect for a day of studying, or catching up with old friends. The proximity to REI and TotalWine is not too shabby as well. It's so refreshing to know that local coffee shops like this still exist. Sambalatte feels like home.
5	I love love love this place... It's like a second home lol. Service is always awesome!!! Love their Nutella latte or cappuccino, but all their coffee are better than any. My kids enjoys their mocha choca fluff it's truly made for the lil ones.
4	Wonderful coffee shop that offers a cool vibe, awesome people watching, interesting mochas and beautiful pastries. It's really neat that they have a dog watering station, indoor and outdoor seating, and live music (sometimes). I recommend this as the best coffee shop in the area.
5	Such hipsterness in this coffee shop, I Iove it! Why aren't there more locations or coffee shops like this in Vegas? I ate here with a few friends and the environment was so chill. There was a guy just playing his guitar, we had macaroons, teas and just had a good time catching up here. I can't remember the name of the drink I ordered but I'm pretty sure it was just hot chocolate with a fancy name. It was probably the best hot chocolate I've ever had. I wish this coffee shop was closer to my house! Love this place.
3	I find out that Sambalatte uses Colorado River Coffee Roasters which is a local coffee company and one with quality beans that I can drink. I have the weirdest thing with coffee - some make me very sick when they're high acidity and high caffeine and it seems I can't drink it with dairy. Sadly, I really enjoy fine coffee, but its a rare indulgence. The decor inside is nice and there is free wifi with lots of plug ins which is also kinda the problem. It's busy and hard to find seating and most people doing work will be there forever and some people gave no fucks it was busy and hung out chatting well after their drinks were done. We lucked out upstairs and found some stools.The BF got a white latte with half caffeine and this was a solid latte, definitely well made. I got the nutella latte and while it was a good cup, I didn't detect any nutella flavor in it at all.... was it forgotten perhaps? It's a solid beverage, but I'm not sure if I quite like staying here. I wanted to drink my latte and get the fuck out. There's just something in the vibe, the busy buzz of this place that doesn't make it quite relaxing. This is antithetical to what I believe a good cafe should be. It means they are successful and the coffee is good if they're busy, but I think I'll enjoy it to-go next time. Picky? Maybe, but like I said I rarely get to drink coffee so it should be a overall experience to really get me.
4	I've heard so many good things about this place, and finally made a visit here recently. The actual place and location is very nice and colorful with nice interesting decor everywhere. They have a live band playing outside and makes this place feel hip and alive. Although the lead singer had some serious pitch problems and wasn't a very good singer lol.As for the coffee. I like the big mug it comes in and its presentation. But in all honestly, I've had better coffee/hot chocolate/matcha latte's elsewhere. It feels a little hyped up and underwhelming. It's still a great coffeehouse in all aspects, and I would recommend this place to my friends regardless. This place is inside the Boca Park plaza's. This plaza is one of my new favorite spots in Vegas and I don't even live near Summerlin. All the collective businesses here compliment each other in the most intriguing way. Makes the guests always coming back for more. The desserts here are very good and I think they are honestly better than the coffee's/beverages they offer here.
5	Hands down, best coffee I've ever had. My favorites are iced americano and hot latte. It's a nice atmosphere and always busy. Great, friendly service. Would go here every day if I had endless time and funds!!!
4	Great place  for coffee with a lot of ppl.. The coffee was delicious but the music was noisy..
5	Just an update note -- They will do a french press coffee for you, vacuum and pour-over coffee of your choice with fresh grind beans.  Also if you want access to the wireless ask for your receipt - wireless password changes and is listed on receipt.
5	Coffee culture at its best! The minute you open the door the aroma of coffee fills the air with the chatter of friends and the jazzy music playing softly in the background. The delicious pastries , salads and quiche are on display at the counter. My only suggestion is to make sure that you have no place planned to go. I waited 1/2 hour to get my quiche....
4	One of my favorite coffee places. Tried the flat white the first time I went there and it was a little bitter for my taste, but the quality of the coffee is great. Their flavored lattes are amazing, and their tea is great, too. Really enjoy the atmosphere and I always go here to study or meet with groups for projects. Food quality is good as well. I've had the turkey sandwich on cranberry bread. The sandwich may have been a bit over priced, but it was still good.
1	Ambiance is nice bur their service was pretty awful! Came in with 4 friends, everyone's order was wrong but mine. Sign said they closed at 8pm, we got there at 7 and the barista was more worried about  my pastry being on a real plate instead of a "to go" plate because they were about to close.   My friends drinks took a good 10 minutes and they were wrong. Will not be returning.
5	Perfect little coffee spot in Vegas! I could spend hours here chatting with friends, reading a book or even studying for finals. I don't know why I was unaware of this little coffee spot, but now that I have found it - I don't think I will ever let it go!
2	I've been here once, after hearing friends rave about this place. The line was long, but on Black Friday, not a surprise. When it was finally my turn to order, the staff was helpful and explained to me what a "flat white" is. I went with a cappucino and a peach tart. The cappucino looked pretty but tasted burnt. The tart was tasteless, unfortunately. It seems clean and the atmosphere is nice but the coffee makes me want to go somewhere else.
4	I'll be honest - it took me awhile to warm up to this place. I didn't really like it at first. But now, after several visits, I consider it a great place to stop by for an occasional treat. PROS: This place has a lot of architectural character, there's a nice patio area, and the food and drinks are good. The ambiance is perfect for catching up with friends and I'm particularly impressed with the latte art and the French bakery-quality pastries. CONS: The service is very slow - as someone who used to work at Starbucks, I'm always shocked by how disorganized and inefficient the staff are (that kind of thing would never fly at Starbucks), and it certainly doesn't help that the place is packed on evenings and weekends. Also, the wannabe-hipster vibe can get annoying...I think that was the biggest initial turn off for me (although I've since learned to ignore it).   Bottom Line: It's a nice little cafe, but it has its flaws. If I have the extra time and can go during non-peak hours, I like to treat myself to Sambalatte. Otherwise, Starbucks is just a lot easier.
3	So, it's New Years Day and almost every place that we want to go, besides the big chains, are closed! We call up Sambalatte around 4:30 and they say yeah, we're open and will be for at least another hour or so. No big deal, we're just about 10 minutes away... well, we get there and it is PACKED! The line wasn't too crazy but they let everyone know all the orders are to-go only. Bummer for me cause I really wanted to check out the upstairs and I hate feeling rushed. Whatever, they want to get home and enjoy the holiday, you can't blame 'em!Anyway, we just wanted some coffee and treats so were order a nutella latte, a mocha, a nutella bomb, a brown parfait and my son ordered the kids specialty drink. All of the drinks were really good, my wife loved her mocha and the nutella latte had great flavor without being overpowering. The treats though, were lacking In a big way! Unlike the latte, the nutella bomb was pretty much flavorless and was just a huge disappointment. The brownie parfait was much better but still nothing spectacular. Both of these items rang in right at around $7 too so crazy overpriced in my opinion.The other reviews are spot on about it being crazy loud with a hustle and bustle feeling which I'm not a huge fan of either. If I'm in the area, I'd stop by again for a to-go drink, maybe try the nutella cappuccino or something else off their drink menu which is pretty dang big. Other than that though, I just don't see it being worth the time or price to go out of my way.
5	Now that I think of it, yes I am giving this place the epic 5 stars! My friend had been bugging me about this place since she had heard such good things. I was just kind of brushing her off because I had already tried macarons from Patisserie Manon, which is actually not too far from here. Well we were already on this side of town so we said, why not pay Sambalatte a visit. Just as everyone says swank coffee shop in the heart of the Summerlin. My first time we came on a Saturday night and there was a jazz duo playing. Very entertaining especially since I played in a jazz band myself when I was in high school. My friend ordered the nutella latte and we both shared the raspberry macaron. It was a sharable size since it looked like a macaron woopie pie. It was very delicious, I liked the fact that this size was available since most macarons are the size of a half dollar. I read in another review it feels like a coffee shop you would find in California or New York, which is so true. I thought it was cool that there was a upstairs area. This is a awesome spot for studying, but too bad they close early on some nights. On my second visit it was more recent because my cousin follows a Filipino movie star on IG and saw that she came here. Well it intrigued her to try it and she brought the rest of us with her. This time I ordered a white chocolate mocha latte and pistachio macaron. The white chocolate mocha was alright, but I did enjoy my macaron since pistachio is my favorite. We came at 9:45pm very near closing, so all of our drinks came in disposable cups, my cousin was kind of irked since she wanted it in a cappuccino cup. I wish this was closer to the University because it would be a hot spot for college students. If I'm not mistaken, they're one opening in front of the NYNY, which is way closer to me, but it will probably always be filled with tourists.
5	I love this place..like, enough to drive all the way from the strip just for a coffee. First off, I love the way this coffee shop looks. I'm from Vancouver & back home we have a lot of cute little cafes like this one, but in Vegas it's a rare find.The pastries are really decadent and I'm dying to try them all. Their muffins are good, their macaroons are great and they also have really good breakfast sandwiches. But I've saved the best for last, you aboslutely MUST TRY their nutella latte. If you like coffee and/or nutella you love this!! It's not too sweet but full of flavor..it's definitely their signature drink. They have great lattes and cappuccinos and everything else in between.Make a day of it, go shopping in Boca Park, grab lunch & definitely grab a nutella latte from Sambalatte.
2	So this has been my go to spot but after sampling other coffee places I have come to the conclusion that it's overpriced and it takes far too long to make a cup of coffee. I have been going there for a year and the baristas that I have known and would greet me personally are no longer there.  The new breed barely acknowledge my existence don't say thank you when I bus my table and have a general aire of pretentiousness that makes me want to snap their necks. The final straw was having to wipe myself with paper towels because they were out of toilet paper when Target is next door. This has happened more than once! Bye sambalatte!
4	Sadly, Sambalatte is overpriced. However, their priceless ambiance makes it worth it. The decor and small details gives an ordinary coffee shop a large personality. I've had the Nutella latte and the Nutella hot chocolate but personally think that the hot cocoa had more flavor. The latte lacked the Nutella flavor IMO.Restrooms are clean, hours are pretty good, and the location is in an awesome complex. I'm excited for them to be opening their second location at Monte Carlo!
1	It makes me sad to write this update, but it has to be done.My very good friend Brenda celebrated her 50th birthday yesterday and she wanted to do two things to celebrate it:  have her favorite VPN pizza down the street at Village Square and then have her favorite chocolate cappuccino here at Sambalatte.  Simple, right?  Well, no, apparently not.Anyone who knows me knows that I've been a big fan of Sambalatte since it opened.  I've been coming here for a while and I even introduced Brenda to this cafe and to my favorite drink, the chocolate cappuccino, which then became her favorite drink.Now, I'd noticed already on prior visits that if you arrive close to closing time, your drink will be served in a to-go cup, which I thought made sense because they were about to close in a few minutes.  However, we arrived at precisely 7:54pm and they were closing at 9:00pm.  When Brenda placed her order, she was told that her beloved chocolate cappuccino would be served in a to-go cup.  "Why is that?" Brenda asked.   "Because we're closing in an hour.  It's the owner's policy," replied the Samba lady.  "OK, but it's 7:54," Brenda replied. (We know this because the three of us all checked our cellphones right then.) "It says 8:00pm on my clock," "says the Samba lady.  "OK, but it's only 7:54pm AND it's her birthday,"  I chimed in.  "Sorry, but it's the owner's policy.  We can't change it. If we serve the drinks in the porcelain cups, people hang around."Is this not a cafe?  If we wanted to-go cups, we could have gone to one of the chains.  If you don't want people to "hang around," why are you in business?  Is it too much trouble to wash your cups at night?Now we know.  Brenda placed her Sipping Rewards card on the counter, we turned around, and went to the cafe at Tivoli Village.  They served us pleasantly and Brenda got her birthday chocolate cappuccino just like she wanted.This may not seem like a big deal to anyone but us. Brenda just wanted to enjoy her drink with the leaf design and hang out for an hour as she's done on several prior visits.  There are lots of people who love Sambalatte as I have. They won't notice that they lost us as customers. I get it .  But, you don't treat loyal customers like that, especially if they're my friends.  End rant.
2	I had heard so many amazing things about this place, so I was so excited to try it out. I live in Green Valley, so it isn't exactly convenient. When I walked in and saw the decor, I was very impressed. It had a very cool vibe. I ordered a chai, which the girl seemed a little confused by, although I don't know why. It cost me around $5, but I don't mind paying for some delicious tea. Well, when I got the cup, I was astounded at how small it was. I didn't even know they made cups that small for coffee/tea. It really was one step up from a shot glass. I was very disappointed with the chai and the price I paid for it. I guess people pay for the ambience.
2	Prices are as expected. Food is definitely an LA feel and different for Vegas. Patrick, our server wouldn't take the time to tell I which flavors of macaroons they had so we went to the back of the line on a busy morning. We look at the small sign and half the names don't show and when we told him we can't see him he just kept looking at us so ended up guessing which flavors they had. Didn't even take the time to guess some or even grab the sign and show it to us. On a brighter note I went back in line the 3rd time and he did make a joke saying, "back for more?" which made me laugh a bit. This was my first time here.
4	Came here on a cloudy, thursday early afternoon. To my surprise, it was completely packed ! !  People everywhere, in almost every seat, and the line had at least 5-8 people. Ordering process was quick. I had ordered a latte, to be drank there, extra hot. My drank came out pretty fast. Maybe around 3 minutes. Since there was no seats, i opt'ed to sit outside. Even though it was a little chilly. Thought my "extra hot" latte would hold me off for a while. When i had drank my latte, it was... maybe warm. I didn't wanna bring it back in because the drink was pretty full and it was quite the far walk with such a full drink. xD The flavor of their latte is pretty strong. In comparison to a matcha latte i had at their other location on jones, this was MUCH stronger. The matcha latte, I didnt really taste much of the matcha. It was nice that i got my drink so fast, but maybe they missed the "extra hot" part of the order. I've been here a few times, on separate occassions (work, social, or reading). The atmosphere is pretty good. The last time i was at this location, there was a live performance by a local artist. It was kind of loud, especially if you were there to socialize with friends. This location has an upper floor. A few individual/2 seaters, and one long table that seats i believe 6-8. Good place for a coffee or a snack, located in Boca Park, next to other restaurants. Parking may be a little pain, depending on the time you go there. Overall, nice place for a good cup of coffee, that's not starbucks :P
4	After reading rave reviews, I decided to take my coffee loving husband here one Sunday. The place was bursting at the seams, despite the warm weather. It is really long inside, almost like a hallway and there isn't a ton of seating. There are about 3 tables upstairs, 2 booths in the front, and a mess of tables in the middle. There is one long table in the middle section with tons of outlets for the computer crowd. Of course there are a few tables outside with umbrellas, weather permitting. Despite the size, it is very inviting. There are also a few magazines and books around, which I truly appreciated. There is a giant map of the world on the wall with certain countries in color, I'm assuming they are countries that supply their coffee but I'm not sure. I was wishing it was a little bit bigger inside, but we ended up scoring a booth up front which worked perfectly since we had our 7 month old with us.I got my staple, a chai tea latte, and my husband went for the Nutella latte. The chai was subtle, yet delicious. I kept identifying flavors every time I took a sip, lemon? chamomile? So delicious. My husband liked the Nutella latte and we both loved the mugs. I also got a carrot muffin and it was so yummy. I would order it again in a second! My husband got an apple tart, essentially a mini apple pie. It was good, but not worth the $7.50 price tag. I'm happy that we have a cool coffee shop in our area. It definitely has a hip and European clientele, but I never felt out of place. The prices are a bit high, but I'll be back for a chai and carrot muffin in the very near future.
5	I love coming here on early weekend mornings, before it gets crazy crowded. As soon as you walk in the doors, you feel like you've left Vegas all together. It's very relaxed, and the staff are super friendly. I love that they serve my tea in a tea press, and that they bake those yummy pastries on site.
2	I don't get it. The place is hopping. Location, location, location. No internet ( due to a power outage) and no concern. I get it's not under their control but they do not seem to care. My issue is when you charge 50% more for a drink I can get elsewhere along with free internet or an apology if it's not working, you should show some empathy or concern that your internet is not working. Oh! If you want a class of water I hope you like shot glasses.
4	I've been coming to Sambalatte once a month for about two years. I live on the opposite side of the city, but this is an excellent place for me to meet up with friends who live in Summerlin. The coffee and specialty drinks can tend to be a bit more pricy than you're used to at other coffee shops, but I've never been disappointed with quality. The staff has also been kind and courteous on each trip. While I don't recommend this for your every day coffee habit, Sambalatte is a nice indulgence.
5	I absolutely looooooooove this place!!The coffee tasted strong and fresh. The staff is very nice!
5	Stopped by with my friend after work for the first time a few weeks ago. Not a HUGE coffee drinker but I love teas. I ordered a hot chai latte so that I could get a fancy design. I asked the nice lady at the register if they are able to make designs and she reassured me that that they can. Once I picked up my drink I was highly disappointed! There wasn't a design!! I spoke with the barista and he said they never make designs for chai tea lattes. What a let down. But such is life. I took a lovely pic of my friends fancy design and was content. We say up stairs at the loft like section. I adored the writings on the walls and the library if real encyclopedias.  I almost forgot to mention the yummy gluten free cookie and macaroons I had as well. In love with the decor, chai latte was yummy, and the gluten free treats were a huge plus! Its a bit pricey but a nice place stop by to change it up a bit. I will def be returning!
2	It's super expensive and the coffee isn't consistent. I don't recommend going there but the vibe of the place is nice! There just extending to big to fast!
5	Been here multiple times, never fails when it comes to being absolutely delicious! I'm a big fan of soy lattes, the vanilla and the Nutella are my personal favorites.  Coffees are light and just the right amount of sweet, they add the cutest personal touch by putting designs in the froth. Love coming here on rainy days as the atmosphere makes me feel like I'm a part of "Sleepless in Seattle" or a rustic city which makes life slow down for a bit, letting me enjoy and appreciate my day just a little more.  I also suggest the macaroons, almond and passion fruit are my picks, but all of them are great. Check it out, great way to chill out.
2	I really really wanted to love this place. Especially after all the reviews. However my experiences here have for the most part been met with pretty poor service. The coffee is pretty good though. Today 03/05/14 I stopped in with my mom and girlfriend. My girlfriend can't have gluten and we saw the flour less dairy free chocolate chip cookies. We asked the girl on register(young,very petite Asian girl) if since it says flour less would that also be gluten free. She said it's dairy free. We said we want to know if it's gluten free and she says she thinks so but isn't sure. If you sell it I believe you should know what is in your products. I told her never mind because she didn't even offer to ask anyone else. I ordered a white mocha cappuccino and she says they only make Nutella and regular and that they can't make white mocha a cappucino. Basically what I waned waswhite mocha with extra extra foam. She seemed uniformed. I may give them another chance in the future but I don't know how many more times I'll spend my money on bad service even for above par coffee.
2	My girlfriend I went here to see what all the hype was about, but instead it was a total let down! I ordered a Nutella latte with almond milk, but what I received was warm (not hot) almond milk with a hint of espresso and no signs of Nutella. She ordered ginger peach mango iced tea which was decent. Service could use some improvement as well. They do have a wide selection of pastries and snacks which is why I gave them the two stars.
3	First and foremost, I don't mind spending money on good coffee.  I do have to say that the ambiance has definitely changed quite a bit in the last 6 months.   I used to walk in and see my favorite baristas and we'd chit chat a little but now they all seem to be gone.  I'm going to assume that's because of the new location?  I'm not sure.  Regardless the coffee now seems to taste less satisfying :(.  It's saddening because we really adored this place but now go elsewhere.  If anything it's a testament to the difference people can make in that sort of environment.
2	Mediocre coffee...decent pastry...nice staff....but prices are ridiculous. You are basically paying a premium to drink coffee amongst summerlin milfs.
3	Over priced weak coffee, wasn't hot either. Super disappointed in that after reading reviews. Ordered an espresso and it was very good. Food came and I was very surprised at how good it is. It's overpriced and has a matching stuffy atmosphere. I won't be back, but food and espresso are good & that's probably most important.
5	Their spinach frittata is not your regular one: has kalamata olives inside! What a taste. And apricot croissant is very light and delicious. Their coffee is always amazing and no, DO NOT compare to the extra roasted/burnt taste of Starbucks. These guys know what they are doing
3	A Nice changeLike most of Las Vegas, it's full of corporate coffee houses ie (Starbucks). So it's nice to finally come to a place here that isn't a drive thru or a get them in - get them out kinda of business plan.With a nice two storey seating area and outside area, this business lifts the regular run of the mill standards that have been a custom to in Vegas.With a nice selection of pastry and sweets to satisfy even the most hardcore sweet-tooth, this coffee house competes well with the eateries surrounding it. Last time I was in they had a nice acoustic band playing a little quite music, it was a nice change from a cd playing.The only cons I can think of is the location, is it is surrounded by very popular places, so grabbing a park can be quite a effort for a cup of coffee or tea.
5	Nutella latte and white chocolate mocha are killer. Also one of the best chai lattes I've had. A little long wait for food but over all I love this place. The patio is great and lattes are even better.
5	I love this place. It reminds me of Blue Bottle coffee from San Francisco in that they hand drip each specialty cup of coffee. But, what they don't offer is the pretentiousness. Their coffee and expresso drinks are excellent. I like that they offer soy or almond milk lattes. I hate to make this public because they are already so hard to get but, they have the best chocolate croissants. You need to get there early because they usually sell out by mid-day. This is a good place to have an informal business meeting, or to catch up with friends. CJ is our favorite barista. He always has a smile on his face.
3	SOOOOOOOOOO OVER-RATED!!!!! oh man... The only cool thing about this coffee shop is the really cool environment and the super friendly staff...other than that, the coffee is boring!
4	Relaxed and chill coffeehouse with a laid-back atmosphere and cool patio, decadent pastry case full of desserts, and high-quality coffee, all served up by genuine and friendly staff! What more could you ask for?Vaguely reminiscent of Blue Bottle in SF, this place has the 90s coffeehouse  setting down pat. Menu has a lot of dessert-coffee drinks available along with high quality regular stuff. Opted for the chocolate cappuccino and the matcha latte, and asked the cashier what her favorite dessert was- I was eyeing the tiramisu or brownie parfaits. She gave me a look that said, "No way, Jose!" and immediately let me know that her favorites are the nutella or crunch bombs- but admitted she was a huge chocoholic.Opted for the nutella bomb, a chocolate-covered dome with an accent chocolate on top, to accompany our drinks- all were out quickly. Chocolate capp was delicious, but not the best I've had in LV. Matcha latte was a unique drink, and I appreciated that it was not caffeinated and not too sweet, but did not feel it was worth the $6.25 price.But the nutella bomb. Shut the front door.I can't even describe it, but it was amazing. A chocolate-covered dome of white fluffy stuff and what seemed to be bits of chocolate cake, all on top of a thick, crunchy cookie-type wafer. It was heaven. So glad I split the order too- it appeared small but was very indulgent and probably a meal's worth of calories.But I'd get it again.
2	Way too much hype for this place! And expensive too! I ordered a latte and five macarons.....it costed me $13! The latte I could've gotten better at Starbucks and the macarons had that old refrigerator smell :( I was really disappointed. Everything looked great, but everything tasted below average. Save yourself the money and disappointment
1	I'm not too much of a fan of the coffee here. But also, the service from one of the employees was catty from start to finish and rubbed us the wrong way. She had an extremely snippy attitude. Any question we asked her, she had to make a rude backhanded comment. Simple questions, such as "may we please have some black pepper," she said "Uhhhh... Let me see if I can scrounge something up." With pure attitude in her voice and also rolling her eyes. She was not happy to clean the table when we kindly requested service and gave us back talk. Her service made us uncomfortable.  The iced vanilla latte was extremely milky and I didn't taste a bit of coffee. It was more like a dessert iced milk. It was weak to say the least. 1/5The caprese baguette had thin slices of mozzarella, 2 pieces of basil leaves, and it could of really used some sort of seasoning like salt or balsamic glaze. We really felt that it was lacking so much. The bread was toasted but razor sharp and cut the roof top of our mouth. It was rather dry and needed a side of soup to help it go down. Not worth $8. 2/5The tomato bisque was very thick, creamy, and came out nice and hot. The tomato flavor was rich and deep. The croutons were extra hard, but they softened nicely when we added them to the soup. 3/5Overall I was impressed with how cute the interior of the coffee shop was, but after the encounter with such an unprofessional employee, poorly executed vanilla latte and sandwich, we remain very hesitant to revisit this business.
5	Great staff, great brews, great atmosphere!  Need I say more?
5	Been going here since they opened. The coffee is really great. My only complaint is they allow smoking on the small outdoor patio at the entrance. I have noticed it has become much worse lately. Perhaps because most other shops have banned it so the smokers come here now. I moved inside last week and the smoke comes inside when the door is opened. Its a real problem. It is still very worthy of my 4 stars. .UPDATE: 07/14 : Note my review went from 4 stars to 5. heard from Luiz,. I am not surprised. Sambalatte is the premier coffee house in Vegas and his reply was great. My review above was concerning the Boca Park location near my home. Luiz is in the process of making the patio nonsmoking and was really concerned. I am now a customer for life. No where (except maybe the 2 new locations) in Vegas produces coffee this perfect. Thanks Luiz!
2	I've been here maybe 5x over the year I've been in Vegas.  Love the atmosphere and outside tables but after living in Portland, OR - the coffee really is overpriced and nothing special. Takes awhile to get coffee. Place is more about atmosphere than coffee that just amazes.
5	Best Coffee is Vegas hands down. Everything from the baristas to the manager to the ambiance. The outdoor seating is prefect for late evening before of after dinner drinks. A great place to have a coffee date or drink solo. If you're ever undecided what to drink let the barista know what you're in the mood for and they will definitely deliver.
5	Hands down- the absolute best coffee anywhere! This is not comparable to any other coffee- it stands alone its own category.  The way they serve their tea is lovely. The pastries look amazing and my sons say they are so I believe them I love Sambalatte. Very cool place! Bring your laptop, go solo or grab your friends- you will become a regular & fan- just like me!
5	I'm originally from Denver where there are tons of mom and pop coffee houses. I work right across the street from this place and it is so refreshing to stop in before work to grab a soy latte to go, or swing by after work to sit and relax with a friend for a while. The atmosphere is very relaxing and welcoming. I specially love when they have live music. Move over Starbucks, you've got nothing on this little gem!
4	My husband is the coffee drinker of the two of us but I have been to Sambalatte on a couple occasions for meetings and have enjoyed their atmosphere. The staff is friendly and the location has a nice big parking lot. On the weekends this place is packed so I recommend going during the week.I usually order the one smoothie they have on the menu which is large and filling but still a bit expensive. My husband likes the coffee but says that he has had better for the price as well.
5	Perfect spot in summerlin for reading/homework/laptop timeLove the vibe of this place. Coffee is great, and tons of spots to plug in laptops. I almost always get an Americano, which is a little over $2. Great spot!
2	Sin of sins, cold coffee. How does one get past a coffee drink that should at least arrive warm? I understand the delicate balance between water temperature and as to when the aromatic oils in coffee are released, but both drinks arrived too cold. Pastries were very, very good. Place is very cute, artificially cute, girls love stuff like this. Perfect place to come and pose, it's Boca Park. Seating is uncomfortable and cramped. Service was friendly and attentive. Might be back to give the coffee another chance.
5	Sambalatte is the best! The baristas are always super friendly, and I've never ordered anything there that wasn't delicious. Their pastries are fantastic (not to mention, beautiful) and it's just a really relaxing place to spend an afternoon. Be prepared for a crowd though - this place is always packed, for good reason!
5	This is a great little coffee house with cute decor, trendy employees, quality coffee and tasty treats. It is always clean and has really nice stores all around Boca park. The only downside is there is no drive through and parking is sometimes very hard to find, making me eventually give up and head over to the Starbucks in front of target. Maybe open another location with more parking! Love you guys.
1	1 star for the cute setup.  It's a cozy place to meet friends or study.  I paid almost $30 for a cappuccino, coffee, quiche and a ham and brie sandwich.  Definitely over priced for the lacking quality of food and service.  Coffee was okay, and my ham and brie sandwich had more cheese rind than brie.  I'll pass next time.
4	This location is a perfect spot to get work done. 1. There is a lot of space. 2. It's not too loud where you can't concentrate on work. 3. The staff is extremely friendly. 4. Bomb.com drinks!Currently, I am obsessed with their Iced chai latte. It reminds me of Christmas...but in the summer time. Sounds crazy, but Sambalatte has me returning every morning for the past week.I order this with almond milk and 2 shots...so it's actually an extra dirty almond chai latte. Opera cake is also amazing!!! Not too sweet and just enough to satiate that chocolate craving.
4	Great spot to grab something sweet and sip cappuccino after dinner! The live music is so relaxing! Sip, Savour, Socialize
3	Talk about a lovely place to grab coffee! The decor is fun and the and there is ample space and plenty of electrical outlets to get work done! My only complaint is that it gets crowded...and it's a little $$$....amendment:  They have a bit of a measly iced tea collection :(  I'm not a huge coffee drinker so that kinda docks some points for me....Also, the food here is $$$ and it's not that great. But for the atmosphere, I'll keep it at 3 stars!
4	Love the area that this cafe is in. The tea and macaroons are to die for! The decorations and vibe this place has is fantastic. I'm upset that they don't have one closer to me. Definitely a place that I'd come by and do homework in while drinking tea!
5	Some of the best service in town!! Super nice coffee is great and so are the little food items they sell. Great environment to meet ppl or have a little day time hang out.
4	I was on the fence for a 3 or 4 star, but the atmosphere put it over the 3 and into 4. This is what I think a coffee shop should be. It was a fantastic environment, tons of people hanging out on computers, beautiful decoration, relaxing music. There was also a surprising amount of seating (though most were taken) including outdoor seats!We got some iced coffees for a very reasonable 3 bucks each, and we also got a pear Danish and 3 of the sausage egg and cheese on an English muffin sandwiches. We actually really enjoyed everything! The sausage egg and cheese didn't blow me away or anything, but it was good. The pear Danish DID blow me away, and was much cheaper than the egg sandwich. That's why I took a star off... The price. I love the environment, they have some seriously great coffee options, and the food was good....but those small egg sandwiches were 8 dollars each. Same with their baguettes, many were 10 dollars! For a tiny little half looking sandwich! That plus the fact that they don't label things with prices (other than on the menu behind the cashier) makes this a dangerous place to order freely. Some drinks can be 6 bucks while other are 2. For 4 people we spent about 40 bucks. Not terrible, but not cheap. We definitely enjoyed the ambiance, and I will 100 percent be back if only to sit on my laptop and have a 3 dollar ice coffee!
5	Since Sambalatte opened its doors in Summerlin, I became a huge fan! I LOVE their Nutella Latte and the variety of tea selections they have. This place makes you feel as if you were not even in Las Vegas! A great escape,awesome lattes...all at Sambalatte ...Goodbye Starbucks!
5	What can I say about this place? It's amazing! I love anything with Nutella in it and they have a drink!  I used to frequent this place more often when I was attending classes but now that I live in Summerlin I try to stop by at least once a month. They tend to have live music early in the day and later towards closing. This place is located in Boca Park, nearby Tivoli Square which has become a very active location for the mid 20s to early 40s group. Always something going on, people to meet and fun to be had. Try the macaroons. They are amazing! I've tried to eat one of every flavor lol the almond and pistachio ones are the best!
4	A nice little posh coffee shop. It is located in Boca Park so it has been very busy when I've gone. They serve their coffee in nice coffee mugs if you are staying there for your drink. They also have a table/station area to plug in lap tops. The coffee is very good as well.
5	Just what I was looking for!  Super coffee, rich bean taste and perfect environment for relaxing/socializing/studying. A little pricey, but that was to be expected :)
4	Nice upscale coffee shop in front of MC.  We had cappuccino, very artistically done and delicious.Selections of deserts and sandwiches and such.We would return.
5	I'm a extremely health conscious person so I usually order their fruit salad every time I came here. Today out of no where I felt like trying something new and order their vegetable quiche and turns out it is totally the bomb!! I would recommend it to anyone that come here to try it and it won't disappoint you.
5	I have tried almost every macron place in vegas. This place has one of the best.  So much flavor and sooo chewy in the middle. Plus they have entertainment every time I go. I don't know if it's every day but I seem to be there the times they have some kind of entertainment. Love this place
5	A local told me he was taking me to the best coffee in Vegas.  It was so good!!  We had one of the specialty coffees that they are known for.  I just asked for mild to medium and she directed me to one with a hint of vanilla.  I normally drink my coffee with cream and splenda but this was so smooth it didn't need anything extra.  I also enjoyed an almond croissant that was to die for!  Ambiance was cute and intimate.  Great for conversations with friends.  I happen to be staying at Red Rock hotel and it's just a few blocks away.  I'll definitely enjoy the coffee and pastries here again!
2	I decided to give this place another try. It was a mistake. They were selling expired baked goods out of their fridge case. Service was average. My friend complained that her latte was all milk and no espresso and the bottom of her croissant was visibly burned.
3	I do love Sambalatte, but this location is too noisy for studying with the keyboard player and the karaoke singer. Plus they ran out of coffee, which kind of grinds my gears. The aesthetics of the place are good, and I would recommend this coffee shop for socializing with friends. They even have 2 levels and a patio. I prefer the Jones location. It is smaller and quieter for my study needs, and and anddd the coffee is actually the best I have ever had. It isn't acidic like Starbuck's Coffee.
5	I ordered the Turkey Swiss here today. It was my first time and I can definitely say I'll be back. The lady who took my order was training a new employee at the time, but she made it totally entertaining for me. The place has a cool Steampunk vibe to it. You can dine on the couch, at the tech station, upstairs, and even outside. The food is great and the desserts are insanely good.
4	I enjoy this place for the tea since I am not a coffee drinker, in the afternoons they have music and is also great for people watching.
5	Best. Iced. Coffee. EVER. I'll be returning here for sure. Swoon!
5	Great coffee!!!! Love the care they put into each cup and their dessert options are yummy. I do miss some of the cookies they used to have though. Great vibe, in a busy place like Vegas it's a nice getaway.
4	Good coffee and a nice place to relax and chat when the weather is nice.   Tables I inside are a little small which makes it a bit uncomfortable when busy.
5	So I dropped my sandwich while trying to get some napkins from the cabinet.  A while later, the cashier saw it and asked me if I would like her to call the owner to see if they can make me another one.  It is my fault for dropping it, but the owner still allowed another one to be made for me.  Not considering the cost of the sandwich, it is very nice of them to make another for me in the end.
5	Great coffee!No....seriously....... GREAT COFFEE!!!!Good pastries and desserts too.Atmosphere is relaxing, both inside and outside.I will be back often.
2	Snippy, rude service. So bummed out because I usually love coming here. My girlfriend forgot to tell the barista we wanted our coffee iced. The girl pretty much made us feel like idiots and I watched her while she started talking about us to her co worker and I could read her lips saying "well, whatever" huffing and puffing that they had to remake our drinks. Mind you it wasn't even that busy AND we said they could just dump the drinks they made over ice! But they wouldn't listen to us just kept griping.The coffee is awesome, the place is cool to hangout at but wow.. way to make your regulars feel like crap. At least say it when we walk away..
5	Lived in summerlin for 3 years and this was my FAVORITE hangout. Great drink, treats, and the ambiance is the best. Way better than your average Starbucks. I've never been to sambalatte when it wasn't packed! I recently moved from Vegas and miss this place SO much!
4	Great spot for coffee or tea..excellent service and ambience...I have been here several times to meet with clients for a quick bite and a wake me up
3	I'm not a coffee drinker so I've been reluctant to check out Sambalatte despite its popularity. I finally gave in and tried it for lunch. The Greek salad was not good at all. The dressing had a funky metallic taste that rendered it inedible. The sandwiches, on the other hand were good but a little on the pricey side. The ham and brie ($9.75) was the perfect ratio of ingredients inside crispy, yet airy, bread. The ham and cheese croissant ($8.75) looked a little flat, but still tasted decent with its cheese covered flaky pastry. I'm not sure how good their desserts are, but they look enticing enough to draw me back in the near future.
4	Try the Nutella latte :) Its divine! Love the atmosphere and all of the little yummy treats, too. Great for a date night :)
5	This place is so cute and delicious! The baked items are great! My friend and I both ordered the Turkey sandwich and the nutella late which were definitely worth the wait and we also shared a carrot muffin which was not sweet just perfect. The cranberry bread the turkey swiss comes on is fabulous! the late was not too sweet which made a great accompaniment to the sandwich. I would definitely come back, highly recommend it!
5	I was driving to Arkansas and I decide to stop in las vegas for overnight in the sin city.. I decide to taste the coffee in a local store. I order simple cappuccino.. It was awesome! But the awesome starts with the Barista making sure the coffee is prepare the right way.. To be able to seat and enjoy the ambiance with your coffee is priceless!
5	Let me start off by saying their nutella latte is everything. It's a great spot with free WiFi and perfect study spot. I can spend hours here and the vibe the people that come here are equally as peaceful. The prices are a bit high but almost the same as Starbucks. The only difference is this place is 4x bigger than any Starbucks and it has a Parisian ambiance. Love this place and everything on their menu is delicious as well!
5	I go here every single morning and every single morning I told the clerk to surprise me they're amazing I walk in the holler hello to me call me by my name I was in a really terrible car crash in the local hospital for 84 days and then I was in a rehabilitation center so I didn't go into the coffee house for over 4 1/2 months I walk in and they all holler my name and asked me how I am and how I've been now that's damn good customer service not to mention everything is delicious treat yourself also to a pastry!
5	Always a great stop first thing in the morning.   You'd think they'd get mad at me asking them to make me something new, but they always suprise me with something awesome and a smile.
4	The third time is a charm, apparently! I went here with  friend. It was definitely not my first choice based on my last two trips here. The cashier was not very friendly but maybe that's part of the job? I ordered a flat white and it was beautiful. The barista said so himself, and he was right. It was basically a cappuccino, which was fine. Finally, I had something good here. I really think this is closer to a 3.5, not 4 star place, due to the rude cashier. Seriously woman, is it that hard to be polite?
3	It is okay, I have tried a few different drinks, they are all on the sweet side and average about $6 or so.The inside of this place it pure coffee shop vibe with a twist of trendy.  It is very nice.When I am in the area I like to drop in and get a coffee.  I like Starbucks but sometimes it is too much, it sort of reminds me of the Target of coffee shops.I like Sambalatte because it is pure coffee shop without all the cross marketing and the interior makes a person want to sit down a bit and relax.  This of course is the point.
4	This place is fabulous. Wonderful coffee and a myriad of other beverages, hot and cold. Upper and lower floor, pleasant decor.
5	great place to eat, drink and socialize :)
4	Sambalatte is a super cute coffee house that is right at home in trendy Summerlin. Definitely warmer and more personal feeling than Starbucks, they have a beautiful two story seating area, with both small round tables/chairs and a long computer workstation table. They serve a variety of food and coffee choices. The service has always been very pleasant and attentive (even when they were all out of what I wanted).I love how the coffee beverages are served in beautiful mugs with a coffee design swirled in the froth if you stay and linger. The prices are on the high side, but for the lovely environment and personal touches, I understand. Seasonally, I've tried the pumpkin spice latte as well as the gingerbread latte (pumpkin wins), and plan to try the butterscotch latte on my next visit.I've sampled the ham and cheese croissant, and wasn't the biggest fan. The croissant was a bit TOO flaky- it makes a huge mess, and there wasn't much ham on it.  I'll likely stick to lingering over my latte next time.
5	When ordering my Choc Peanut Butter Latte the female behind me said how does that taste I said umm ummm umm you'll climax I can't explain but if you wanna climax order this...lol she looked at the waitress and said the "When Harry Met Sally" line... I'll have what she's having...lol needless to say she came back from the patio and thanked me for my suggestion!  SO YUMMA!!!
5	This is without a doubt the best coffee I've ever had. Literally a small taste of heaven. It was smooth and nutty with hints of cocoa. If you want a good coffee check out this wonderful cafe. You won't regret it!
5	I went here by a recommendation of some one who loved this place. I went in and the establishment reminded me of coffee houses I used to frequent in Seattle. It was warm cozy and I will say busy. I ordered my coffee from   Michael Adkins. He was amazing and described each coffee drink in detail and helped me find a drink I would love. I had a Chocolate crisp as per his recommendation and a coffee frap. OMG it was incredible. I was overwhelmed with the fresh coffee taste. This place cant be compared to Starbucks as the coffee was rich and full of body and taste. I had amazing service from Michael and a incredible drink I have been back several times since! And somebody over there needs to give Michael a raise for his superior customer service.
5	Amazing little coffee shop! Loved the atmosphere and the coffee was fantastic! The employees were friendly and even helped play tour guide for my friend and I.
2	Typical over priced coffee shop. I payed $4 for a small tea and they wouldn't even refill my press pot with hot water. ITS ONLY HOT WATER!!! Instead they told me I would have to pay another $4 for another tea. I don't want another tea or new tea leaves. All I want is some HOT WATER! Is that too much to ask for? Apparently. Besides that, the place is fine, good music, and very lively.
5	This place is better than Starbucks! And my barista Mikey was above and beyond professional. Even after taking our order and serving us, he came out to ask us how we are doing. I'm impressed! I'm going to look for one at home in Phoenix.
3	Stopped in this morning to grab a latte with my wife. We ordered butterscotch lattes that tasted like warn milk with a small hint of sweetness. Very little espresso, very little flavor. The place has a cool atmosphere, the food looks good, and it was busy, but we were disappointed in their lattes.
5	Down right amazing coffee! This place has the most smooth tasting coffee I've had! The flavor combinations are perfect and so is the temperature of the coffee! The ambience is great and the laptop station with wifi is a sure hit. I loved the decor and spacious layout! the high ceilings make you feel more comfortable. It doesn't feel cramped and you don't worry about people hearing private conversations either! The baristas were friendly and my drink came out promptly! The pastries looked amazing! (I wanted one so bad) Next time I go I'll splurg a little and try one! Yes there will be a next time! I'm hooked!
4	Sambalatte is a cute coffee house in Summerlin. They have a two-story seating area. They had music playing and some books and games on the shelves. We came here today and had 11 in our party. They had a lot of cute pastries. I had espresso and a desert/pastry called pain raisin. We played board games and did not realized we were loud until a guy leaving turned to us and said ' you all would wake up the dead" I think he was trying to study there. Well, it was not a library. Even though we all bought coffee and food and bought customers I am not sure if it was ok to play board games there and I don't think I will play games there.
5	I'm constantly searching for the best mocha frappe and authentic coffee, latte, espresso, etc. Hands down Sambalatte has the best coffee in town. It's worth visiting one of their locations to grab an authentic coffee beverage. Everything is properly prepared and presented. Coffee snobs like myself will be delighted.
2	Pretentious and expensive.  Check your resume at the door and make sure you can afford it!
4	An artisan coffee shop is hard to find in Las Vegas, but that's what Sambalatte is trying to fill. This location in Boca Park is their flagship, has open floor plan and patio seating, and even loft.The quality of their espresso drinks is on par with the third wave coffee brands in San Francisco - in particular, the signature blend close to Ritual or Sightglass rather than Blue Bottle or Four Barrel.Sambalatte will continue to be my go to place when I'm in Summerlin and crave a quality cup of coffee.
4	Wholly unreasonable markup on coffee brewers (~$20 for a woodneck dripper). Otherwise, good coffee and vibrant atmosphere. Come here to meet a friend, and buy your brewing gear somewhere else.
5	This is one of the cutest coffee shops I have ever been to. There was a live "band" when I visited, and I played acoustic versions of oldies, so I was just in love with the whole vibe of the place. There are tables, chairs, benches, and other comfy furniture scattered thorughout the upstairs and downstairs portions of Sambalatte. They have a wide variety of beverages, including their (temporary) holiday latte menu which was hidden behind the baristas making the drinks. So sad I did not see it behind the cashier. I tried one of their popular blends, which was alright. I kinda wish I tried their Nutella Latte. I also ordered their Caprese Baguette which was delicious!This is the perfect place to get some work done with multiple power outlets and free WiFi... or just catch up with a good friend over a hot beverage. I'm so happy this place exists!
3	Got a credit from the hotel so we tried it. Food and drinks are overpriced, as expected. Both of them taste pretty good though.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place!! Let me explain why. I love their chocolate macaroons, I don't believe they make them in house but their distributor gets two thumbs up from me. They're the perfect combination of sweet chocolate and crisp firmness (hopefully that makes sense if you've eaten macaroons previously). I also love their lattes, hot chocolate (my personal favorite), ice coffee, Nutella latte and their tea (I can't remember which flavors I've tried...sorry). Their hot drinks are always piping hot and made immediately after you order them. Sometimes when you order tea, they are able to prepare it immediately while you're still standing at the register. I have been a frequent customer for a few years and each visit the staff has always been pleasant. Polite, extremely friendly and efficient. Make sure you ask for a Sambalatte rewards card...(it may not be called a rewards card) my point is, when you purchase items, you get rewards so ask for a card!!
2	Good ambience. The coffee is overpriced. The quality is not that great compared to its price. The chocolate muse was not fresh, not well made and it was 7.50$. Better try dessert in other place.
4	Great area for a nice coffee shop.. it has a homie feel and the place smells great... I love how the serve u u're hot tell... love. Love, LOVE this place...
5	I've been here many times, and my only recurring complaint is that there are not enough seats to accommodate all of the college students, self-employed laptop drones, and people like me who'd just like to sit and drink their drink, but don't plan on being there for the next six hours. Pluses:  Delicious tea (my new favorite is Eros, with just a tiny bit of sweetener)              macarons (some of my favorites in town)             almost has that classic 90s coffee house vibe (sans yucky couches)Minus: cramped seating. sometimes the live talent are too loud to hear your conversations.
5	I got the Iced Vanilla Latte and it was perfect! It sounds dumb but it's really easy to mess up something so simple because and I went back everyday in my vacay to this place to get this latte. Also tried the mocha frappe, it was blended really well:)
4	Great area for a nice coffee shop.. it has a homie feel and the place smells great... I love how the serve u u're hot tell... love. Love, LOVE this place..
