4	Fun place with lots of games to choose from. I believe they even had games just for playing in the store. The employees were friendly and helpful.
3	I have popped in to DSG multiple time since it's opened as a regular Magic: The Gathering player here in Arizona. DSG has come really far. When I first went, it was for a major tournament and it was obvious that the store owner was way over his head.But this is a business that has learned form its mistakes. After its rocky start (prize payouts being bad, etc), DSG's owner has made it a point to communicate with the community of players and help meet our needs. In the past year, the shop has become one of the go-to places for gamers here in AZ.It's one of the few shops that can hold large Magic tournaments, and also one of the few that holds regular Vanguard tournament.
1	Poor selection, no one greets you at the door though it was nearly empty. Two shelves of board games but one is blocked by tables for cards. Might be okay for Magic / Pokemon players but that's about it.
4	I was greeted at the door (twice actually) where they explained how their store was laid out and asked if I needed help finding anything. The staff was jovial and had no aversion to small talk and pleasantries.I went in looking for comics. They have new and recent releases on the wall, and back issues in boxes at the end. The back issues (thankfully) are actually organized, unlike other places. The prices were fair and include tax so they're a flat price, which was nice. They asked just slightly higher than my other favorite local store, but again, it was so slight It didn't bother me. Overall I'd definitely go back. For me, half of the experience is knowing that I'm supporting a business that appreciates its customers, which is, based on first impressions, what I surmise to be true.
5	Recently went in while my GF and my daughter were getting their nails done. Was greeted right away. My GF son loves Pokemon and I was going to buy him some cards as well as Magic for myself. GF calls mad, because she kept getting skipped over. The employee at DSG recommended a place in the same strip mall. Long story short, the girls got their nails done, and the boys got some cards. Kudos to the employee who stepped in to help another business in the same strip mall
5	Professional & Courteous. The owner knows his customers and his business. Desert Sky Games is a great place to go from casual to serious gaming for all ages. Clean store, knowledgeable staff. Well done.  Five stars. Oh, did I mention clean store?
5	This comic shop was roomy and bright.  Lot's of tables for you to play games.  Staffs were very helpful and friendly.  Found a cool corner with discounted games.  I bought Adventure Time Monopoly, D&D board game, and some cute frosted pink dices.  Will need to go back to see what else they might have/heeheehee.  Oh they have comic books and other nicknacks.  Way fun to visit!!!  Also check out their calendar.  Every Sunday they have board game from 1-5pm.
5	I am writing this review as someone who was initially not a customer but will be now. Tonight,  my mother, my 2 kids, and I went to dinner at the establishment next door and the parking lot was packed. Having 2 kids and my mother, who had knee replacement surgery,  we wanted and were waiting for a good parking spot. As one opened, some young kid who needs to learn a few things, whipped by and took the spot I was waiting for. Then, he did not have the decency to get out of the car while I waited to speak to him. I then parked in the parking lot at the next plaza over and walked in to tell him that he was a disrepectful douche and I wanted to make sure that his peers knew wht he did. I was fine with just telling him that, but when we sat down, a nice manager from this store came over to apologize for his patron and offered to buy us an appetizer.  After reluctance I took the money and later went into the store to buy some comics as it was not their fault but it was extremely nice that they did that.My kids and I will be returning as they love comics and I love great customer service.
4	Great atmosphere and an incredible amount of cool comics and generic items to buy. Found some real surprises (Young Avengers for one) and some cool games (Environmentally themed fluxx anyone?). Definitely going to go back for more. Only problem would be how loud it is when there are games going on but that's not really too bad considering.
3	Looks like they've gotten a bit better in my opinion. A little messy still. I don't understand why the board games for sale are behind the counter though. I wanted to look at a few but didn't want to ask, put one back and ask for another, etc.
