4	This place is dive-bar personified, but I can see it becoming a place I will hang out at now that most of my friends have finally figured out that they have a better time when I am not around. 4K is filled with all the potential in the world for a good time. Darts, pool tables, hot babe nudie video photo-seek machines, an internet jukebox and multiple large screen TV's. They have cheep drinks, Ladies Night and potato chips.Sure the bar was empty except for me, the ex-husband and a guy named John for more than half the time we were there, but just as we were leaving the local regulars started showing up and you could tell that this is the type of place that good people that lost their way go to die. Exactly the type of place I would fit in. The Ex too. Tanya, our bartender, was lovely and recommended the bubblegum vodka with Red Bull. She provided the option for both regular and sugar free Red Bull. Just for that alone I am bumping this place up to four stars. Sure the bathrooms are small and the carpet is about a hundred years old, but who cares about that when you have your Blue Moon with an orange slice sitting next to you while you are playing nudie photo seek and James Hetfield is singing about war? Not this girl.
4	So, I decided to check out this place upon reading AMber W.'s review.  Just as advertised.  Cool dive bar.  Be ready for a diverse taste in music, but i swear, this place has one of the best digital juke boxes I have seen!  I was at G & D last week, and 4 Kings must have 2-3 times as many songs available.Good prices..  Love when a bartender takes the time to exchange names..  Even if I forgot..  I am bad with names!Anyways, huge patio out back..  Pool tables, Harley Davidson pinball is fun..  Everyone seemed  nice enough..  No drama from the locals..Stop in, have a cheep beer.  Watch some cash cab on the TV and play some tunes..
3	If it wasn't for 4 kings, I would have never known what a good dart player I am, despite the heckling I got from my competitor!It is a little divey.  One of the women's bathroom stalls doesn't lock and the music selection can be questionable.  But drinks are decently  priced and it's never been overcrowded.
5	Solid divey neighborhood bar - I like this place.  Very affordable, not so big that you feel like you're swimming in it on a slow Monday night, and yet it's not too small that it felt jam-packed on a recent Friday night, either.  I need to check out the jukebox prices, they're apparently variable which for some reason always makes me clench up a little when I approach with my cash in hand. I'm pretty amazed at the girls they have working here - I've only ever seen some lovely ladies behind the bar.  That's worth a bunch of extra points for sure.  The air conditioning works janky, and everything from the carpet to the bar stools to the leather padding on the bar is pretty worn down, but it's still a cool place that i'm sure i'll be going back to again and again in the future.  The beers on tap, the quality of the bathroom, and the huge smoking patio put this place over the top - 5 stars.  Dive bar heaven.
