4	There aren't too many restaurants near our house since we live out toward Boulder City...so when the Half Shell opening up, we decided to try it out! It's the PERFECT place to grab some takeout or go out for dinner. The bar upstairs is super cool but we usually go with our baby, so the bar in not an option. The downstairs dining area is quiet, not too big and the service is always promt and friendly! The menu has something for everyone including great seared ahi tuna salad (my favorite!), grilled salmon (sooo good) and burgers, grilled chicken, salads, fries, yummy drinks.It's a great place for locals and visitors and I always recommend it!
4	Cool new bar!  Love, love, love the Blue Crab Nachos...be prepared...is ENORMOUS!  I have only sat in the bar area, but the ambiance is pretty cool and laid back.  Great place to chill and grub.
4	The food is good...I have never had anything bad here!   The service is also good.
5	San Diego Chargers fans unite! If you live in Henderson, and L.O.V.E. (to quote Miss Ashlee Simpson) the Chargers, Half Shell restaurant and sports bar is the place to be. There are various Charger memorabilia lining the walls of the bar side, and comfy booths in the dining area. The atmosphere is relaxed and casual, but not as chaotic as the typical sports bar. The crowd seems to be nine-to-fivers and dinner daters. I went after work with one of my girlfriends around seven, and it seemed the entire bar had just gotten off work as well. We sat at the bar and shared an order of nachos. I recommend sharing because the portion was way too big. We didn't even make a dent, but had fun trying. After we stuffed ourselves, we ventured out to a back patio area where two fish tanks offered windows facing the back of the bar, and two plasmas screens that were displaying various sports recaps from that day. Half Shell seems to be the new spot for chilling out and catching up on the day's events! I can't wait for football season to begin, because while it seems relaxed now, I am sure the Chargers-loving edifice can turn into quite the tailgate party!  Recommended Appetizer: The salads were tasty, and the nachos were great too. Try them with chargrilled chicken.Recommended drink:  Hefeweizen. Yummy.
1	Can you call it bad service if no one talks to you?Walking into Half Shell Seafood and Gaming, the first thing you notice is the intoxicating aroma coming from the kitchen. The bar and dining areas are tasteful and festive and are separated, allowing smokers to smoke and non-smokers to enjoy their meal. Unfortunately I have nothing to say about their food since I never got to taste it. There was no one at the welcome station to seat my friend and me so after 10 minutes or so of seeing servers and bus boys ignoring us we thought that maybe we should seat ourselves. After sitting at a table for over 20 minutes and watching servers pass us by without so much as a word or second glance we grabbed out menus and left them at the front with the now-present gabby host and bus boy.This was by far my worst restaurant experience ever!
1	Worst meal ever. I was in town visiting my parents over the winter holiday and we stopped in for dinner here. Service was horrible. My parents are older so we went in early (around 5pm). Most of the staff looked hung-over and treated us as though they hadn't clocked in yet. I thought it best to play it safe and ordered the chicken taco's. They were flavorless for the most part, but with an overpowering cilantro aftertaste that didn't balance. I had a bite of my father's fish - which was okay, but by no means anything more than standard fare. Their entire menu lacked imagination and I begrudgingly sat through the meal hoping to leave soon. About 24 hours later (on Christmas Eve) I came down with a wrenching case of salmonella poisoning. My mother (who had a bite of my chicken taco) followed shortly after and it was a Christmas filled with memories of vomiting and diarrhea. So much so, we didn't get around to opening any presents until just before I left for my flight home.When I did arrive home I weighed myself at ten pounds lighter (if that gives you a sense of volume) and determined never to be shy about sending food back.
4	This is one of the better bars on Eastern with a bar up and downstairs.  The bartenders remember your drinks and are generally friendly.  I usually eat at the bar; however, the few times I have sat in cocktail table area or dining area...service has been suspect.Recommended food:  Blackened Tuna SandwichRecommended beverage:  Stella Artois
1	I absolutely love the atmosphere and the view of this place, but it's still not worth going to.The food is decent, what I've tasted of it.After trying this place 3 times, the service got worse and worse with each visit. On our last attempt, after waiting for our dinner for 45+ minutes (after waiting to order for at least 25), the ditzy waitress came by and asked us "is there anything else I can get you?" Yeah, how about our EFFING food. She comes back about 5 minutes later and asked us what we ordered.That was the last straw, my friend gave her a ration about the terrible service and we vowed never to go back.A week earlier he took me there for my birthday, and another waitress apologized to us for the bad service she gave (we hadn't said a word.)Lovely. Apparently you need to have a terrible memory/terrible time-management/terrible serving skills as a requisite to work here.It's a shame, because there is so much potential. Don't waste your time, because they will certainly waste yours.
3	I've passed by this place a few times and noticed the flaming sign and roof patio, but I don't like seafood and never thought about trying it. After my roommate assured me that they have other items, we headed out for a late dinner at around 10PM on a Thursday.The patio area was pretty packed, and the only available seating was in front of a low coffee table, right next to the DJ stand/speakers. We ordered drinks and admired the great view, but decided to go downstairs before our food came.The bar/dining area is kind of sparsely decorated, but comfortable. There are two large projection screens and four smaller TVs framing them behind the bar. I haven't kept up-to-date on how the smoking ban is being circumvented these days, but there were people smoking, and our food was not served in take-out containers. My roommate ordered fettucine alfredo with chicken ($15.99, I think) and she said it was too creamy. We shared chicken lettuce wraps ($9.99) and I had carne asada tacos ($9.99), which came with chips and pretty good salsa. Both of those dishes were good, but still a bit overpriced for the portion sizes.Service was friendly, but a bit slow. After I asked for another cup of salsa to finish my chips, the waitress came back and said, "side of ranch" as she placed the salsa on my plate. That knocked me off-balance for a good thirty seconds. At least she didn't steal my wallet in the ensuing confusion.
1	Went to this place after it had first opened and it was gross. I ordered a salad (bc they have nothing else vegetarian..boo). The salad was horrible. It was just a house salad but they manager to ruin it. How, I don't know. The salad was obviously pre-prepared and sitting in the too cold fridge too long bc some of the bits of lettuce were still frozen. The tomatoes looked ave tasted old and soggy. I would NEVER go back to Half Shell! Yuck!
2	I was pretty stoked to go to the Half Shell when I first saw the sign go up in front of the flat patch of earth where it now stands.  Being a seafood place only minutes away from my house, I was happy to know that I had another good dining option close by.My wife and I went the week that Half Shell opened and we haven't been back.  The main reason was the food.  I enjoy good seafood, and freshness is certainly a key element to good quality.  The seafood here was the antithesis of fresh, and that was right after the place opened!  To compensate, the cooks saturated the food with salt.  The entire meal was absolutely terrible.We also gave the bar/lounge area a shot and our disappointment only continued.  My wife asked for a key lime martini and the three bartenders did not know how to make it.  She eventually told them all of the ingredients, and not surprisingly it came out terrible.  Sure, I'll bet these guys are experts at serving Bud Lights all night long, but outside of that they weren't very good and had poor attitudes to boot.I gave the place an extra star for the great view of the city.  Other than that, I don't have anything positive to say about the Half Shell.  Perhaps one of these days if we're bored and out of options we'll give it a second chance and see if anything has improved.
5	The Management is fantastic, the waitresses are rockin'. This place has filled a void for this area that needed to be filled. I love the patios and the fire pits. Food is solid and the drinks are strong.What a great place to watch a Charger Game as well.
3	This place is fun and has good food.  We had the Half Shell Nachos with blue crab and the Mahi Mahi Tacos.  Both were delicious.  After dinner we went upstairs where there is a large balcony, a full bar, plenty of TVs playing ESPN, and a DJ (it was Saturday night).  The view was nice and the drinks were priced reasonably.  Overall, our group had a great time.  Can't wait to go again.UPDATE: Ended up going a second time with the family and the food was very greasy this time.  Lower the rating to three stars based on the fact that the food may be inconsistent, but still a fun place for adults.
3	This place opened up not far from my house a little over a year ago. I have gone with my family a few times since they opened, and while not my favorite place to eat, they are at least competent. The inside of this place is actually quite nice, given that it is essentially a "bar and grill" type place. It has a good atmosphere, and never gets too terribly noisy, even during sports games on the TVs. The staff are always friendly, and even signed my parents up for a "frequent diner" program to earn point towards items on subsequent visits.Although, as the name implies, this is mostly a seafood place, they do have a wide variety of other items as well. Chicken, burgers, pasta dishes, there really is a little bit of everything, though if you're not into seafood you won't have a whole lot of options. The battered fries are to die for, though a lot of the other items leave something to be desired - the Chicken Parmesan I ordered had a fairly soggy outer layer of breading, and the chicken inside was hardly appetizing. The prices here are about average for a dine-in restaurant. It's not a cheap restaurant, but certainly not ridiculously expensive either. All in all, Half Shell is a good but not great restaurant. Swing in and check it out if you're in the area, but don't go out of your way to come here.
5	So after a long day , I didn't feel like cooking and Mr. Abbott did not feel like waiting for me to cook- apparently he didn't get his fill of mexican food yesterday and he wanted NACHOS!We drove to the Half Shell , they have really great food and tonite was no exception. We got one order of nachos with steak. (to share since it is so freaking huge)  The waitress Sheri - took our order we waited about  minutes and out came nachos the size of our table. We asked for extra salsa and sour cream ... at first she brought out extra guac and a bowl of salsa. we reminded her of the sour cream and she brought a bowl of sour cream. (no extra charge) She also made sure our drinks were filled. She didn't hover but she did make sure we were taken care of . The nachos were absolutely fantastic. The steak was tender the chips crisp and it was made with real cheese the shredded kind that gets melted when in the oven ... and not the fake dippy kind.The salsa was fresh... and the service was top notch. We sat in the bar and watched baseball... being non smokers it was a little smokey but next time we will try the upstairs or patio area. It was a great evening out ... not to loud so you can have a conversation. But not so quiet you feel like you are in a monastary.
3	The food is sometimes hit and miss here.  Even though the law clearly says that you cannot smoke inside they often turn a blind eye to people smoking at the bar which is a huge turn off.  When I am there and it effects me, I have been known to leave, and advise the staff why. Unfortunately, they could care less.
4	I really can only comment on the oysters and one other dish (I think it was fish & chips or something)...but the oysters are fresh! So if you feel like having oysters but don't feel like driving to some overpriced, overrated, overhyped up seafood joint on the strip, come to Half Shell. They also have a full bar...I've been to both locations (Eastern and the one off the 95) and both are good.  If it's basketball or baseball season, they will show the game up on the rooftop patio where this is also a full bar.
3	Overall not an awesome place but for the money you spend decent. I have only eaten at the bar but the service was attentive. I'll go back to a place with good food and decent service but I won't go back if the service is weak. They remember your drink and don't give you a hassle about it. I don't for the fact that they do allow smoking periodically though.
5	half shell is the BOMB! i love seafood & there are so many choices on the menu! plus they are open 24 hours.. woooo hooo! THE best crab cocktail & the best SHRIMP & CRAB NACHOS! Everyone that works there is SUPER NICE, really awesome service.  They have one of those games with lobsters in the tank if you catch it they cook it for you, my honey caught one on the second try! We spent $4 dollars & won a $40dollar lobster, my kind of place!Im going back on friday to check out their karoke & dj scene :)
4	We came here for Christmas Eve dinner 2009. My father-in-law had been here many times (in his neighborhood) and suggested we come here (reservations) to celebrate. We were seated upstairs in a booth near the bar. (There was a fireplace on the balcony- if you were interested in some outdoor ambiance.) Not many people were seated up there until a large party came over (but we were nearly done with our dinner at that point). We did notice the huge claw attraction (usually see it for large stuffed animals at wal-mart) but for lobsters but  did not think it was possible (until I read Sherita's review- lucky gal). The food was really good. For appetizers, we had calamari and mozzarella sticks. My husband had the linguine and clams- he said it was the best he ever had (he is half Italian BTW so he is super picky with his pasta). But he also wanted me to mention that there were lots of clams in his dish. My husband's step-mom had the filet mignon- well done. I don't remember what my father-in-law had. I had the Seafood Pasta. I remember being full and had lots of pasta left over (because I ate all the seafood). I don't know what the bill was because my in-laws paid. But we did use a Restaurant.com certificate (I'm not sure if the restaurant still participates).A recently changed menu but pretty extensive, including: appetizers (20 different selections like calamari and mozzarella sticks), pizza (cheese, pepperoni, or seafood), oysters on the half shell, homemade soups (new england clam chowder), salads (like caesar, house, side, cobb, taco, louie), sandwiches (burgers, club, po boys, and fish), entrees (like chicken, steak, seafood, lamb chops served with vegetables, rice/potato/fries and salad), baja (four different kinds of tacos & nachos), shrimp (scampi, fried, coconut, grilled), pasta (alfredo, scampi, marsala), sides (fries, rice, cole slaw, baked potato, onion rings, sourdough loaf), and desserts (sundae, cake, cheesecake, key lime pie). Also, they now serve breakfast (omelets, pancakes, burrito, eggs benedict) too.  Besides featuring a new menu, there is a Happy Hour daily from 3 pm to 6 pm. Selections for $5.95 like chicken wings, chicken fingers, shrimp ceviche, nachos, chicken lettuce wraps, and quesadillas for $5.95. Specialty drinks for $3.50 include: cosmo, margarita, lava flow (one of my favorites, while vacationing in Hawaii), mojito, and caribbean special (southern comfort, smirnoff vodka, amaretto, pineapple, cranberry & orange juice- sounds yummy). It all sounds so inviting. I'm trying to get my husband to go again (but for this) but he is dead set on getting the linguine and clams dish again. (I love trying new things and broadening my horizons.)
3	One word that would embody my experience would be "meh..."  The food was average, the drinks were worth what we paid, and the service was polite.  You can eat on the roof, which is cool....or in our case, cold since the heater near us was off.  Would stop by again, key word would.
2	I can't comment on the food because we didn't order, however my roommate and I went here after reading some reviews on Yelp and decided it might be a cool little joint to hang out at at meet some locals.  We went on a Saturday night thinking this place would be busy.  It was dead!  We are both in our mid-20's and felt like the youngest people there.  Upstairs had a little hookah lounge which was neat, but the whole place just seemed like a dive.  Maybe the food can make up with the atmosphere but I myself was somewhat disappointed after reading multiple 4 and 5 star reviews.  Agreeing with Leo. J, our experience was "meh..."
5	Great crab cocktails, excellent shrimp, and also seared tuna medallions.  Also, Kory makes the best bloody Mary's in Las Vegas/Henderson.
2	I don't know what happened to the place but the nice cozy dining room on the right as you come in is now 80% arcade! As in videos games, skee ball and all the rest! We were SHOCKED! We seated ourselves since there isn't a hostess, in fact there didn't seem to be much of anyone that gave a hoot. Well we looked into the bar area and it was very noisy from the muzak to the volume on the TVs with the basketball playoffs in full swing. We checked out the live lobster game for a few minutes and then we just went and sat down at a booth. After a short wait a slightly older waithress came by and took our drink order. Then we placed our food order and when I asked for a half order of the seafood nachos, the waitress, in a snipy tone was like "WHAT KIND of NACHOS?!" I'm like this the one in the picture. Apparently you can order it with chicken or steak as a option, but clearly I said, "Seafood Nachos" (Shrimp and Crab). Anyways, I didn't care to be treated in that tone, it was very unprofessional. The place wasn't that busy so maybe just a off day at my expense? Overall the food is still pretty good. I had the Po-boy (Oyster sandwich) and it was very good. My wife had the chicken wings and they are spicy and tender. The seafood nachos were also very good and we would have it again. Then again, minus points for the noisy arcade in the dining room and the snipy waitress. The bus person had much more personality than the service help.Fellow Yelpers, go check the place out. That arcade in the dining room is quite the sight!
4	This place serves two purposes for me. I can 1.) have an adult night out and sit at the bar or 2.) if I have my kid I can sit on the arcade side! SCHWING!I come here often and every time I have a positive experience. If you are on the bar side, ask for Kory...what a great, energetic bartender! He's very attentive and will take care of you all night. The drinks are good (& strong), the prices aren't outrageous and the atmosphere is chill. A great "off the strip" place to go for drinks. Their food is SO yummy and their seafood fresh. Last time I got the fettucini alfredo with shrimp...best alfredo sauce ever! Worth the $15 I paid for it. YUM :)If I do have my child and I am hankering for some delish food, I can still indulge and go up to Half Shell (minus the alcohol of course!). We sit on the arcade side, eat some chicken fingers and play skeeball till our hearts content. But hey, you don't have to have a kid to sit on the arcade side. Let your inner child come out and go wild with tokens....you may even snag yourself a toy ;)**The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because sometimes the staff can be a bit slow. Be patient kemosabe...it's worth the wait!
4	When I moved to Vegas I thought it would be hard to find a place with great seafood. Half Shell cured my doubts. I've had the Mahi Mahi Tacos, the Ahi Tuna Salad, and the Fish and Chips-but my favorites have to be the Friday bisque, Coconut Shrimp and the Crab and Chicken Nachos. Coconut Shrimp here is a little cheaper than Red Lobster and they make the creamy pina colada sauce that I've searched the planet for. Crab Nachos are one of a kind and come with sour cream, salsa, jalepenos and guacamole without being requested. Entres come with a side and a salad and portions are generous so I would recommend splitting some of your food if you plan on having their cheesecake. Flavors rotate seasonally but pumpkin and Oreo are surreal. I've only had one breakfast item (stawberry & banana pancakes) and I wasn't feeling it. I'm interested in trying the oatmeal though. Happy Hour prices are good before 6. I put in an order at 5:55pm for a bucket of Corona lights. They stay on ice so that keeps me happy. Not a fan of the mixed drinks, though. In warmer months I eat on the rooftop at a couch. You can't beat the atmosphere with ESPN on 3 TV's and a view of the city behind you. On Fridays around 11pm it's a different atmosphere with hookahs and a DJ. Service on the roof is always better than eating downstairs at the booths across from the arcade games. You get all but ignored down there so I avoid it.I know what Half Shell does best and I keep coming back for that same kind of experience. This is a casual place you frequent because the service is good, the atmosphere is great, and the food is tops.
1	This place is awful now. It's a country bar, which whatever to each it's own but for me and other 'regulars' it's a bit much. At the very least switch it up. I'm sad to say this but I think this is going to be me and my sexy ass friends last time here. So for all u men looking for some eye candy.... It's non existent here anymore. Women 50 lbs overweight wearing pants 2 sizes too small and sparkly tops is what your left with.. Good luck!!
2	They always get my order wrong. The waitress looked like she was on drugs. happy hour pricing is good. great patio seating to view the whole strip from henderson. Just dont expect  your food to come out correctly.
1	We used to be regulars here. No more. The service on the family side has gotten worse and worse. I was told by a server that theyd been through manager after manager in just A few short months. Either the people are unmanagable, or the owners a jerk, or both (i can easily see an owner who wont allow the manager to fire his "pets", no matter how bad the service.We recieved such poor, SURLY service for FATHERS DAY brunch that we wont ever be back. What a shame. Because they have the only family arcade/restaurant around that i know of. However, most of the machines are broken or out of tickets, and they dont keep prizes stocked. The bar area might be different, but the family side is in definite need of SERIOUS help.
2	This restaurant is now called Beach House Bar and Grill but nothing has really changed since it was Half Shell.  I have been to the Horizon and Horizon Ridge location countless times (AKA chance after chance) and have finally settled on 2 stars.  The service is friendly providing you get the same people- I think they have a revolving door of managers and servers.  The food is good- but inconsistent.  You order the Fiesta salad and it is different each time you go (probably a revolving door of cooks).  When this place first opened years ago it was always busy and the food was spectacular.  Since then, they have remodeled the upstairs which now caters to private events and bad karaoke nights.  The owner doesn't seem to know if he wants a restaurant, a bar, a kids place (they have an arcade downstairs now) or a club (DJ upstairs on the weekends.)Something is definitely going on at the senior management level at this place because they have no liquor (not even Absolut or Southern Comfort).Despite the INCONSISTENCIES of Half Shell/ Beach House- the bartenders and servers are friendly.  That's why I continue to go back.
2	No thanks. Stopped in for a drink and dinner with a girlfriend on a weekend and was far from impressed. One star for the pretty view from the balcony and one star for the friendly waitress. Beyond that everything was disappointing. We ordered an appetizer and a salad to share. We had the seared ahi tuna medallions and the seafood salad. The tuna was fine, but not great for the price of almost $11 for a couple of thin slices. The seafood salad was pathetic.. it had one tomato halved, one egg halved, shitton of lettuce and two shrimp on the top. Yes TWO shrimp for $16.00. Oh yeah, it also had a scoop of imitation crab on the side. The drinks were $5.00 which I thought was reasonable. It was a sugar filled mess with no alcohol.. so I asked for a double shot in my drink... she charged me for the price of two drinks...so it was $10 (strip price)  for one drink in some below average dump in middle of Hendertucky. The tab for one appetizer, one salad and a couple of drinks was $61 before tip. Never again
2	Having moved just a mile from this place, I had high hopes. The first handful of times we've been either as a family, or just my husband and I to the bar, we've had a great experience. The staff was always friendly and the food and drink items were always delicious. The atmosphere was fun as well. We ate downstairs with the kids and gave them tokens to play games while they waited for their food, and if were just the husband and I, we'd sit at the bar before I challenged him to a game of basketball in the arcade (where I have to mention that I kick his butt every single time).Now, when we bring other people with us as we like to share our 'spots, we go upstairs to enjoy the view of the valley. It really is an amazing view. The past two months though, this place has gone downhill. Slow service, food being cooked not the way we assumed it would be. There have been rumors that it was new management 3 times we've been there, all in different months. THEN the icing on the cake was us not being served for OVER AN HOUR. A friend of ours did the hot wing challenge during this hour, so I admit we all were a little distracted with his attempt and didnt realize that we STILL didnt have the food that we had ordered 40 minutes ago (aside from the hot wings and alcoholic beverages).Our waitress DID NOT at any time, mention that the head cook just up and quit that night, or didn't show up-we asked two other employees that we saw and those were their explanations. We waited around another 10 minutes to at least finish our drinks, then our party of 8 walked out (after we paid for the hot wings and drinks). I've never done this EVER, and was shocked that one of my favorite places had gone downhill. We went across the street to Buffalo Wild Wings and had amazing service, which was quite welcomed since it was past 9 PM and we were all STARVING at that point. It's really too bad. We loved this spot.
2	They need to offer drink specials and giveaways during football games.  This is a Charger bar and I am a huge Charger fan however, there are other Charger bars that offer drink specials and fun giveaways.  The staff is very friendly...the food is mediocre.
2	I want to like this place because it's a short drive from me and I thought it would be a nice joint for dinner, drinks, and video poker after work every now and then.  The food is OK but both times I've been there they have literally been out of nearly every draft beer.  Really?  There's also a sign up that says it's a non-smoking establishment but it's obviously just for show.  Overall the Beach House is somewhat of a disappointment although, since it's close, I'll likely be back.  But I won't make a habit of it.
4	The food is decent. We go here mainly because its close and they have a big game room for the kids. The kids have tons of fun every time we go here.
1	Closed!
1	closed!!!!!!!
1	**Half Shell is now closed :(
