5	Absolutely as good as it gets.  I have taken my pc to him a few times and he is always prompt and has fair prices.
5	I must say I am a pretty computer savvy person but when it comes to computer repair beyond my means, it's really hard to figure out where to go and who to trust.  I was referred to Mike, the owner of Equipped solutions, by a friend of his.  He is a great guy and really knowledgable about computers.  I started using Mike at my job, he would come in and repair computers get our network set up etc etc. and his prices were really good and his work was done on time and finished the first time without any call backs for problems.  I have also used them to fix my personal computer which recently crashed.  The hard drive failed, it's happened to me before but this time I couldn't access any files.  There were 4 years worth of family photos on there that had no backup or paper copies, photos of our daughter when she was born.  It was my job to get it all backed up about a year ago.  I was obviously in a ton of trouble on the home front! Luckily with some computer voodoo magic he was able to completely restore everything on my computer!! Thanks again everyone for your help you saves our relationship!
4	So midday on a Saturday after a UYE at Oink I meet my helper at the shop so she can do some data entry.  Push the button on the computer and nothing happens!  Using my phone I found Michael on Yelp (where else would I look?).  For some reason none of the reviews would show but a tip from a seasoned Yelper sounded good. If I had seen the reviews from 3 Yelpers with hardly any reviews I may have kept looking.  Well luck seemed to be on my side.  I called and he was open as advertised.  When I got there he plugged in a few cables, did some checking and then wired in a power supply he had there on the front counter.  Problem solved I needed a power supply.  When I said I would toss it in myself he made a point of saying I could buy a similar one at Frys for half the price.  Being a small business owner myself I bought it from him because of the quick and free diagnosis.  He even let me swap out the power supply right there on the counter as he was helping another customer.  Luck seemed to be with in spades as it turned out I needed to lengthen a wire and he happened to have just the right jumper laying around that he didn't even charge me for.  In less than 30 minutes I was out of there with a working computer.  Definitely a case where I saved money in the long run by going to somebody who knew what he was doing.  I'll go back again if I need to and plan on upgrading my 10 year old computer from him early next year.
5	Called Equipped Solutions and spoke with Jonathan about setting up my Dell XPS laptop, he said bring it in and we will take a look and quote you a repair.  I had the hard drive go out, purchased a new one and installed it but had some trouble after the install.  The guys at Equipped Solutions got my laptop back to normal and better than it came from Dell.  I don't know if anyone has experience with Dell Tech support but holy hell id rather be at the dentist pulling teeth with no Novocain then to go through that again.  These guys are top notch in my book and I work in the tech industry and understand first hand about customer service and price.  The pricing is fair and the work is second to none, they even recovered the data from my old hard drive as well.  The first guy I spoke with at Dell said I had a bad mother board and to send in the laptop plus $358 to fix, the second guy I spoke with said something else.  If anyone needs computer repair I would highly recommend Equipped Solutions, their work is second to NONE!!!  Thanks Jonathan for all your help you guys have a customer for life. A+ infinity
5	I bought my desktop computer in to Mike at about noon. He bench tested it and determined the failure while I watched (the diagnostic was free). He quoted me a price for the replacement part and the time and cost of labor. I got my computer back working by 4:30pm that day at the quoted price! As an engineer I have the skills to fix most of my computer issues but I don't always have the time (or patients). I was impressed by Mike's systematic investigation of my computer problem and his technical knowledge. I will be back again.
5	Did a great job fixing my laptop after I spilled milk on it. Took less time than they said and works great. The guys were very nice and knowledgeable!  I will use them again, but I hope I don't have to.
5	These guys were great!  Took the time to ask me & diagnose what was going on.  Even after I left, they did further diagnostic and found out I only needed a $35 part not the $150 they initially thought.Their honesty & integrity will bring me back again.
