4	I went to Armitage on a Saturday night and it was definitely a Scene.  I have a feeling its much more relaxed on a weeknight but it was quite loud and packed on Saturday.  It was an interesting mixture of young Scottsdale (my husband chose to not spike his hair that night but he was wearing a striped shirt so he still fit in...) and older Scottsdale (cougarlicious!) complete in fur coats.  (People! Its 60 degrees outside!  We don't need fur coats!  I had a friend in Boston tell me the other that she would "kill for 60 degrees right now")  Our drink menu bifold was being used to stabilize one of the legs of our table which I found to be really really odd.  The wine flights are reasonably priced, however, the bottles are quite expensive.  Possibly the most expensive I've seen at any of the wine bars/cafes in the Valley so far.  (Average bottle price is $45+)  The Pinot Grigio selection consists of three choices, the first was sweeter than I prefer my wine, the second had too much of an Oak taste for me (Tommasi "Le Rosse"), the last was fantastic.  (Walch "Prendo")  My husband went with the Pinot Noir flight and really liked the Dutton- Goldfield. The food was pretty good.  I had the Armitage panini which was fantastic, my sister enjoyed her three cheese panini and my husband chose the beer brat panini which he thought was just ok.  We started with an order of bruschetta which paled in comparison to Postino.  Your choice of four only gets you one serving of each slice, unlike at Postino where you get two of each.  (Albeit its more expensive at Postino by $5 but its definitely worth it.)  The mozzarella, salami and tomato relish was good, the prosciutto, chevre and roasted tomatoes was fantastic and loaded with prosciutto, the brie and apples and mozzarella and tomatoes were unremarkable.  The atmosphere is nice and cozy and on a cold night would be a lovely destination.  (Although like I said on a Saturday its loud)  I would like to try it on a weeknight when it may be a little more mellow.
4	Tuesday. Half off wines. Not too crowded. Not too many botoxy, steroidy, siliconey people. Weekends. Full priced wines. Crowded. Wall to wall to botoxy, steroidy, siliconey people.Go on Tuesday. Oh, and have the cheese plate. Get cozy on a sofa. Or take in the night lights of Market Street on the patio. Staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Just don't stare too long at the cougars, cuz they will scratch your eyes out. I know. Just ask my friend Patch.
4	I met a group of girlfriends at Armitage last night for dinner and drinks. The space was charming and cozy and for most of the night, it was pretty empty, which was nice. Our server was nice enough, but I got the feeling from her that waiting on a group of 6 women was not her idea of a fun night.  Tuesday nights are half off wines after 8 pm, which is a good deal.  We had two bottles of the "Catching Venus" Sauvignon Blanc, which was a good wine...and when we ordered it half price, it was $22 for the bottle.  The menu looked divine, so I will definitely be going back to try everything I couldn't last night.I had the cheese plate and there is an adequate selection of cheeses to pick from (for the small plate, you get your choice of three).  I chose the sharp cheddar (basic but delicious), brie, and chevre (my favorite of the three). The plate comes with a large amount of bread, some green apples, and a bowl of grapes.  I tried some of a friend's green apple and brie bruschetta, and I definitely did not enjoy it as much as the bruschetta at Postino.  The apple and brie bruschetta at Armitage didn't have enough brie on it for my liking and the flavor was a bit bland.  A great spot at DC Ranch and I can imagine on weekends it is quite the scene. I would recommend this spot during the week, but not sure I would trek up there on a Saturday night.
4	First off, I have to admit that I do not know the difference between a merlot and a cabernet sauvignon.  However, if I ever really wanted to figure it out, this is where I would come.If you look at my other reviews here, you'd see that I really enjoy my beer.  But I'm branching out and have been trying wine, and this is a place that I quite enjoy.  You'd think that with its location in DC Ranch that the prices would be off the charts, but I was quite surprised that it was relatively affordable.  They've got more wine to choose from that I could pronounce, and lots of different varieties of my new favorite thing: wine flights.  Since I don't know much about wine, it's nice to try different types to see what suits me.The food here is phenomenal.  Their cheese plate actually lets you choose what types of cheese you want, from cheddar to funky smelly cheese that many people think is great but just weirds me out.  The hummus and shrimp cocktail are quite nice too.  From looking at the signage in the place, most nights have some sort of wine special, from half-priced bottles to wine tasting.The atmosphere here is typical Scottsdale.  You have you cougars, your retired rich folks, your $30K-millionaires, and your normal folks (like me).  They have high-top bar tables and super comfortable couches, along with areas tailor made for groups.  Sitting out on the patio is nice too.  The servers that I have come in contact with have been very attentive and very knowledgeable about the various types of wine.
1	This would be the perfect place to see a bunch of old broads crowing about the Sex and The City movie, comparing themselves to fictional, empty, pathetic, meaningless women, and guffawing over a disappointing assortment of wines about how the sequel better show a full-frontal of Big (unless the first film had it, I wouldn't know.  *shrug*)The only thing more of a headache than Old Town Scottsdale is Old Money Scottsdale.Skip it unless you are an old broad or have future aspirations to become one.The service sucks too.
5	So I come out here because I've never been to DC Ranch before. My date suggests we meet there. I'm game and always up for new places. I get there early and I'm wearing all black. I stand at the entrance waiting for my date. The staff was attentive, someone new kept coming up to me and asking if I was alright, if I needed anything. I finally caved in and asked for some water. While I was standing there, a beautiful woman was sitting at one of the tables and kept smiling at me. I didn't want to be rude so I asked her how her dinner was. She then assumed I must have been the owner because of how I was standing at the entrance. I told her yea, I own most of DC Ranch too, smiled and told her the truth. When my date arrived, we sat outside on the patio and watched people coming and going. Although my date preferred to sit on the higher chairs, they were a little tight for me, but much better for taller people like myself (6'3"). The wines were good, the staff was fantastic, the prices were a little stiff. But all in all it was a great experience. I swear this place should be called armitage like fromage but the waitress told me it was pronounced armitage like madge....
4	First time to DC Ranch.  This place is pretty awesome.  Nice decor, a lot of the indoor tables were reserved, not sure why, but that's ok, the patio is cool too.  Our waitress, Amanda, gave some great recomendations.  We went with a couple of the wine "flights".  Basically three wines that compliment each other; different region, country, terroir, whatever.  Good deal for someone who is not too versed on wines, and wants to taste different wines without blowing the rent.  We went with the World Red and the World Pinot Noir; both were really excellent and went well with the Prime Rib Sliders and the Baked Chevre in Marinara.  Overall, I would definetly go back, plus there are lots of other great places in the DC Ranch area.CheersUntil then, get the beers in...
3	This is the perfect place to meet friends when you mainly want to talk and spend some quality time. Armitage has a large selection of wines and the staff is knowledgeable with recommendations. The wine flights are also nice and well priced, allowing one to discover several related wines. Armitage also has a nice selection of cheeses and light fare that pair well with wine. It is the perfect quiet spot for a date or to catch up with the girls.
1	Great place to go if you know nothing about wine and just want to gawk at the ladies.  The wine list does not change frequently.  The bartenders are not terrible knowledgable about the wines nor are they terribly friendly.   The wines in the shop are way overpriced and the manager seems to be very uninformed about the wines.   We inquired about a $400 bottle of wine by Heidi Barrett.    You'd think you'd know a ton about a wine if you were selling it at that price point - apparently not.
4	If this place was closer to me, I'd go more often. I love their patio, location (DC Ranch is niiiccceee) wine selection, happy hour, and appetizers. If you're a single man and/or the scandalous, committed type, definitely go here for their Ladies Night on Thursdays. This place reeks of Chanel, Michael Kors, Marc Jacobs, etc...you get my drift (haha). Being a straight woman, I've picked up women here and have been picked up by women here without even trying. Just try not to trip and fall on all the dropped panties on the floor.I usually order a glass of the 2006 Duckhorn "Decoy", Napa Cabernet and warm spinach dip (the best I've ever had) to pair it with.  Dee-licious. Their wine flight menu is great, too if you want to reach out of your comfort zone and try something new. I give this place 4 stars because I haven't tried much of their food, but I'm sure it's good and it tends to be super busy every time I stop by, which slows the service. If you do decide to go here, be prepared to be around a lot of people (typical Scottsdale crowd). I haven't had the luck to be here on a slow night. And for the Trouts that prey on young women like me, try and tell me something I don't already know. "I own this company....drive this car....yada...yada...yada..."
5	I've been looking for a new "local" spot as I really dread driving outside my "bubble".  I had not been to Armitage since the night of super bowl...(to drink our sorrows away).  This time was for a nice casual glass of wine.  Pretty good selection of reds...although I seem to like many of the ones the CALI restaurants serve and I don't quite understand why they haven't made it to Scottsdale yet...Seven Daughters to name a few.  Anway...I tried the Armitage Turkey Club...yeah sounds simple, but they give a whole new meaning to "Turkey Club"..and I only ordered 1/2 which was a nice option for only $5...it filled me up just right!  I thought, had I ordered the full sandwhich, I would've eaten it because it was so tasty!  Maybe it was the basil aioli or the gouda...it was awesome.  I saw another friend there and talked to her the next day and she said they had the roast beef panini and she also said it was amazing.  I think I found my new "spot" :-)
5	While the weather has been so agreeable lately, so has my appetite to crawl over to DC Ranch and sit on the outside patio of Armitage. This place has become our backyard getaway - where everyone knows you by name....and drink! I have also enjoyed the REVERSE HAPPY HOUR - and later fare menu - Happy Hour is not only for the early birds anymore. :)Market Street is such an enjoyable area at night with the twinkling lights spotted about.
5	I have wined and dined here on several occassions and have enjoyed it every time.Favorites include: Baked Brie, Baked Goat Cheese and Marinara, Prime Rib Sliders, Three Cheese Panini and The Cheese Board (great cheese selection) is just perfect when sampling the wines!Highly recommend the wine flights : )The staff are friendly and the atmosphere is great. Patio is nice on a cooler afternoon/evening and inside is cozy at night.
4	I used to love coming to this place when I didn't live over an hour away. I've only tried the cheese plate and several wine flights, and both are excellent.  It's small inside but I never had trouble finding a place to sit. Since it's in North Scottsdale, it's naturally a great place to people watch too :)
2	I used to LOVE Armitage, and I really wish I still did.  When they first opened and for at least a few years after, this was a great place for a date, for wine with friends, for happy hour, for Sunday night music, and for wine tasting.  And the bruschetta was among the best anywhere (I always said Armitage and Postino had the best bruschetta.. Postino still does).  But, like many spots at DC Ranch, it's just really gone downhill.  I practically live within walking distance and yet almost never go anymore.  Last time I was there, the menu was outdated... as in, they said there were certain "specials" that we ordered but then LATER found out there was no special and we wound up paying full price.  The once-dreamy bruschetta was greasy and bland.  And the service is tired.  I'd still love to see Armitage to make a comeback... but not holding my breath.
4	I found Armitage to be very enjoyable for a late evening drink and a snack. It's located in DC Ranch, which has a very swanky feel (note: except for the random Krispy Kreme right there on Market Street), and is a great place for a fun night out. Armitage is pretty small, with a relaxed and classy atmosphere. There is a large bar area, high top tables, and a very nice patio.They have an excellent Tuesday night special - 1/2 a bottle of wine when you order food! Feeling flirty, I opted for the sangria (is that the red or the white?) - I got the white. It was brisk and tangy, but had no fruit! Next time I'll definitely choose a wine from their list - they also have very creative flights that caught my eye. Our snack included the fries with three 'gourmet' sauces, and the ahi tuna sliders. The fries were great - not too greasy, very hot, and crispy. The sauces were tasty but nothing special. The half order is a good sized portion to share, although you might get to that point when you start worrying about nonchalantly gobbling up those last few before your date does..or maybe that's just me. The tuna was good - it was nicely spiced and perfectly rare - but the pieces were just so small it made each bite a bit disappointing. The bread:tuna ratio was completely skewed towards bread. Other menu items I would return for include the macaroni and cheese and the bruschetta - everything looked very good. Armitage is a great place for a night cap, and I would definitely return during happy hour to catch some people watching - I was almost a little disappointed to not see any cougars. Overall, a very cool wine bar. Definitely check it out if you are in the DC Ranch area!
3	I was refraining because I usually end up here just for HH or drinks.  But, this particular occasion brought me here during "lunch" and the service we received was just superb!  In fact it was SOOOO splendid, that paying the $5/beer for a $1/beer retail, well, I didn't care!Not all of my adventures to this dwelling have been so, or cheap, but this time in particular is why I am choosing to give 3 stars...Dammit, why didn't I get her name...?
3	Armitage is located on Market Street in a prime location in DC Ranch.  I know this area has lost some of it's "lure" due to the economy, but you'll still find some good car and people watching on the patio at this restaurant.  The typical wine connesuir will want to love Armitage, but after looking at the menu I am sure they will be disappointed.  DC Ranch is a very upscale area so you would think that the owners/management would have a wine list that is well diversified and not outdated.   I also would like to encourage the staff to know more about the wines that they are selling.   Nothing is worse then going to a wine bar and the server gives you that blank look when you ask about different varietals on their list.Overall this place has one of the best patios I have been to in the Phoenix area, which I would give 4 1/2 stars, but the service and wine list is lackluster.
5	we have dined in / night capped at Armitage 3 or 4 times during the 2 or 3 months we have owned a home in DC Ranch and have yet to be disappointed. As pointed out the wine list is solid , ( not stellar), and the ambiance , food , decor and service have been above expectation ( Nates attention over lunch was above and beyond) . The patio is comfortable and well flowered but i considered taking a star away to reflect the knuckleheads and their loud Italian sports cars rollin up and down the adjacent promenade -( i decided not to as it is hard to fault the restaurant for the sins of the neighbors) all in all a good to great bet for any occasion out.
2	Visited Armitage Bistro for the first time yesterday with high hopes, seeing as though it's a wine bar and we really love Bomberos, Postino and 5th & Wine elsewhere in the valley.Ordered up a few glasses of wine for a special price of $5 on happy hour, which is normal HH pricing at a wine bar. The wine was good. Their happy hour lasts til 7pm, later than most other wine bars, which is a plus.Appetizers were $5, so we sampled the Bruschetta, Warm Spinach Dip, Toasted Ravioli and a half order of french fries.Let's start with the Bruschetta, you get to choose 4 types, so we went with 2 Tomato & Fresh Mozzarella, 1 Mushroom & Gorgonzola and 1 Chopped Tomatoes & Roasted Garlic.As the bruschetta arrived, my first impression was that it was definitely a smaller portion than I'm used to receiving at other wine bars that I frequent. It's essentially one piece of some type of normal-sized sliced bread cut into 4 pieces and dressed up with different toppings. I much prefer the bread & portions at Bomberos & other spots.The Tomato & Fresh Mozzarella bruschetta was highly UNimpressive. In fact, it really wasn't good. The tomato slices weren't red, they were thin, the fresh mozzarella wasn't impressive and there was barely any basil on them. Big bummer for us since this is usually our most favorite type of bruschetta.On to the next type! The Chopped Tomatoes & Roasted Garlic was okay, but we didn't prefer it much due to the overly garlic flavor. If you're into garlic, you'll like the taste here, but again, the bread contributed to a disappointing experience with this bruschetta.The Mushroom & Gorgonzola bruschetta was delicious! Definitely our favorite out of the different bruschetta types we sampled.Next up we got the "Warm Spinach Dip" which is described on the menu as "Spinach, Artichoke Hearts, Irish Cheddar & Asiago Cheese Served with Warm Bread & Pita".  I'm not familiar with Irish cheddar, but this dip was almost entirely cheese and had a very sticky/globby feel. There didn't seem to be much spinach/artichoke in it. We didn't really enjoy this dish.Next up was the toasted ravioli. Not too shabby, but not overly impressive either. It was a good effort and we ate it with the provided marinara dipping sauce.Lastly we got a half-order of seasoned french fries. These were pretty decent. They come with 2 sauces, one of which is a red-pepper ranch type sauce that was good. The other is a BBQ-esque sauce with some other twist, but we didn't really dig that one. I did enjoy dipping my french fries into the aforementioned cheese dip.Overall for the price, and even at a discounted happy hour price, we didn't feel it was worth our money. The bruschetta could definitely use some improvement, especially the Tomato & Fresh Mozzarella variety.
4	I am trying real hard to not let the fact that this was the place my future hubby and I had our first date interfere with my opinion of the place in general. But to be honest, I don't have any complaints. The wine is always good as they have an incredible selection, and the prices seem reasonable (esp because there always seems to be a coup!)I love the scene. It's cozy and comfortable and there always seems to be room either at a table or at the bar. We vary in our tush placement so I recommend the high tops or belly'd up. What I sort of don't like is the VIP couches. I see them used about half the time and I'm sorry but they are rather in your face. Yes, I could see myself perched comfortably for hours. But who exactly is a VIP? Am I a VIP if it's empty and you could rack up a big bill in my honor? Food is fine. It's not what's bringing us to the joint, but it seems to be a satisfactory complement to the whole experience. I like the bruschetta, although Honey wasn't too impressed. And sadly, the fries could use some assistance in the gourmet category. But all in all, I would definitely recommend this place as an interlude to a romantic evening, or better yet, to woo your current or future love.
4	Truly a great place! The flights are FANTASTIC! The food great! Service also great! Try this place! --- Seriously the fewer words to describe the greatness the better.
5	I ate at Armitage last night and it was fantastic! My friend and I shared bruschetta and the fish of the day. The fish was a grilled halibut over a shitake polenta cake with braised bok choy and  a fennel broth. The server recommended a glass of Manisfesto, Sauvignon Blanc and it was delish! The wine went really well with the grilled fish. I really enjoyed the atmosphere, it felt warm and inviting.
4	Nice quaint little wine bar. Decent prices.
4	My husband and I went their for a late night snack and to hang out outside.  We ordered the cheese and fruit platter.  The platter was delicious and we had a wide variety of cheese to choose from.  It was cold outside and the servers were nice enough to go around the whole patio to find the heater that worked so we could sit outside.  I'd definitely eat at this place again.  It had great energy and friendly servers.
5	Brunch is exceptional, try the eggs benedict they are delicious. Sliders were excellent. Cheese, meat and olive tray- wonderful.  Mimosas and Bloody Marys are perfect with the noon menu. Pricey, but worth it. Great service.
5	Such a fun place for lingering over good wine or a wine tasting! I won a very generous gift certificate in a drawing recently (hooray!) and headed over to their Market Street location to check it out. Noel was bartending, and helped me select a truly great case of wine to take home. His suggestions were spot on based on the kind of wines that I have liked in the past, he let me taste the ones he suggested, and his knowledge was great. Really love the place, and will definitely be back. I'm sorry to add that I was not very impressed with the food, however - the chicken sandwich tasted charcoal-y and burned, and the salad was so coated with oil that I couldn't taste the lettuce and barely had any ingredients on it. I expected better, given that the two items cost me $25. So, in a nutshell - wine = truly fantastic, customer service = great, food = mediocre.
3	Not a lot going on here at night during the summer - I expected DC Ranch to be booming last Saturday evening... not so much. This place looks pretty cool and I'm guessing it would be fun on a busier night. Maybe I'll try it for happy hour?
1	I am done with the Armitage. I have been here several times over the past few years and other than being overpriced, the food and service was always good. A couple of months ago, we went there for a birthday lunch. I ordered the Garden Veggie Pita. How can one mess up a veggie sandwich? How about putting it on a stale pita bread that cracks in two when you pick it up. Since it was my B-Day I didn't want to make any comments, especially since I wasn't the one paying. A couple of weeks ago we went there on a Sunday. I ordered the beef and Gorgonzola melt and my partner ordered a burger medium rare. When the plates were delivered I noticed that the slices of sirloin resembled small chunky pieces of beef jerky, the mushrooms were dry and shriveled and the Gorgonzola melt part looked like a wipe of mayo. I have had this before and the sirloin was always juicy and tender, on the medium rare side. I brought this to the servers attention who immediately said "that's how it's made." I told him that I've had it before and it definitely did not resemble my prior visits. No comment from the server. I ate it since at that point I didn't want to make a scene and it was horrid. My partner's "medium-well" burger was very well done. She decided not to complain due to the fact that we don't really see what goes on in kitchens when we complain, do we? We didn't have an opportunity to even let the server know we were disappointed, since we didn't see him until the end of the meal. At that point, we made it clear that we were very disappointed, and showed him the doneness of the burger. I reiterated how horrible the beef jerky sandwich was and he then offered to comp. We settled on a free dessert. He also gave us coupons which was a nice gesture. Too bad he didn't listen to me the first time... To the owner: when a repeat customer says he had something before, and that there is now something wrong, have your people pay attention. Don't make excuses for an incompetent kitchen. However, based on what your staff said, IF it is now your intention to provide an overdone dried out sliced sirloin sandwich, and  to overcook burgers regardless of the order, then you have no business in the food business. If not, then you better get in that kitchen and fix it, because this sort of news travels fast in my community. In my book, two strikes and you are out. Sorry but there are better choices out there, and if I am going to spend 100 bucks on lunch it better be damn good. You're just not good anymore. I will not be back.
5	This place is a great local joint with cozy couches, good wine, and an almost ski lodge feel.  I'm a fan of the grilled artichokes, fried raviolis, osobucco, and the wine flights.  A great place to get out of the cold on a windy winter night!
4	We like it. L and I 2nd date was here, and we made out outside. It was hot and sexy. Do we remember the wine? We love wine,but I remember the kissing. Kissing beats any 97 point wine. D.C. Ranch overall, just has not made it, for restaurants and retailers when I lived in Az. This has nothing to do with the restaurant just an overall impression to yuppie?
2	If you're hungry... make sure you EAT BEFORE YOU GET THERE. The entrees are sold as , "small plates for sharing" -  however, how do you share 4 muscles and 6 clams for $16. The pitch is, 'the portions are smaller but the quality is higher" which is suppose to explain the pricing - sadly this didnt explain my dry and over-cooked rib-eye.We ended up buying several plates and by the time you're full - you've easily spend $200 for two people. There are better and more fulfilling options out there. Wine selection is poor but you can smoke cigars on the patio. Side note: Server was in training and did a good job.
4	Enjoyed the bruschetta, halibut cakes, and the ravioli and loved every bite. Also had two wine flights that were nice. $75 for all of that not too bad. There were 3 pieces each of the bruschetta which is smaller than other places, but I actually like their bread better. The sad part was that we were the only people in there on a Saturday afternoon. Poor DC Ranch. These businesses have to be hurting. I hope they last because I'd love to come back!
2	The service was very slow. People at several tables were waiting, far to long for, drinks checks food. The table had no bread plate , no salt and pepper. No napkins.  We had to ask for everything. The busser did not seem to understand how to set a table. We ordered the beet salad, it had no flavor and huge -hard as a rock  beets, no cheese. Tiny orange wedges.  No good. I ordered, for a main dish the Covina, white fish. It was so salty I had to send it back. The waitress then informed me that I ordered it wrong! Last time I checked you made sure your food tasted good and wasn't toxic with salt. She informed me that it was served blackened, blackened does not mean coated in disgusting salt. My hubby ordered capellini. The shrimp were undercooked and not fresh. There was very little tomato sauce. It was bland greasy and void of any redeeming qualities. Again , like the beet salad, the veggies were not prepared correctly ......huge lumps of tomatoes, , mix yourself?  How do you serve pasta with no sauce ? Overall I would say the chef is not talented. No one bothers to prep properly, no one is tasting the plates as they are so bad it is impossible to believe the menu is being checked and corrected. In the meantime to go back for a glass of wine and an appetizer may happen as there is some potential , just a glimmer ....and , in a few months, if enough people review, and finally .....if the owner is smart enough to stop this unfortunate cascade . The patio is pleasant, I hope someone cares enough.
4	What a wonderful way to spend an evening, plus the half price bottle of wine helped!  Loved the patio and the service was attentive and knowledgeable, will definitely return!
3	I've been to Armitage a couple of times.  The food is pretty good, they have a great selection of stuff to pick on - olives, chips and dip, cheese plate, and a delicious grilled artichoke. Pretty good wine list and they have a nice selection of flights.  The happy hour prices and daily specials are tough to beat.  Big patio seating area. These are the positive aspects of the place.Now for the negative aspects...I wish they had a better selection of high end cheeses, I'm sure I'm not the only person that walks in there hoping to do better than find Boursin as an offering but I guess they know their clientele.  Inside is loud and looks more like a sports bar than a wine lounge.  Service is terrible - terrible, terrible, terrible.  They also seem to lack creativity and finesse in their dishes but I guess that's how they keep the prices low.This is another circumstance where I would give a 2.5 if I could.
4	Found this because I had a restaurant.com gift certificate and was glad that I did.  It's a very nice wine bar with very good food and excellent service.  I noticed that the patrons were a nice mix of couples and singles.  The setting is very relaxing.  I found the pricing to be right on spot for a place of this caliber.  Started with the halibut cakes, and then we had chicken picatta and the shrimp over capellini.  For sure it was an excellent combo of meals.  A lot of food for the price.
3	The area is great...but there are so many businesses that have gone "out of business.it's depressing.The atmosphere so good, but the service is always lousy.  I am a regular and I want to keep coming back, but the waiters and waitresses are always new and do not know the menu.  they rarly come back to the table to check on you...better service wold make this place a keeper.
4	We needed a place to hang out at before meeting up for dinner with some friends. Decided to stop in at Armitage and we ended up staying longer then we should have enjoying a few glasses of wine and some appetizers. The atmosphere has a nice old world feel with friendly, knowledgeable staff. The food presentation was great with quality foods. We tried the smoked salmon bruschetta and it was delicious! They have a good happy hour menu and reverse happy hour. We didn't try their martini's but they had a long list of them so I have a pretty good idea they are probably pretty good. We will definitely stop by again!
4	Cozy place, not very big, but great food and wine and good happy hour prices!
3	Wine = very good. Food = tasty. Service = not so good. Wish they focused more on checking in throughout the meal and we would come back more often.
4	I've been to Armitage several times for dinner and wine but went for the first time for brunch this week.  Their brunch menu has everything from pancakes, peanutbutter crusted french toast, breakfast burritos, omlets and chicken fried steak - not something I would have pegged a wine bar to have.  They also have unlimited mimosas ($10), bloody marys ($3) and a specialty breakfast drinks menu ($5-10).We arrived at 10:30, the place was empty, we stayed until about noon and there were only three tables filled, very different from their evening atmosphere.The food was good, I prefer their dinners but good for the reasonable prices.  Beginning in October they will have live music during Sunday brunch, will definitely go back to check it out.
1	I have been here multiple times, and have not, and likely will not, return since my last visit.  Wine and food aside, I can usually overlook shotty service if the atmosphere and food is good enough.  Sadly, here, the service is non-existant.  Had to ask where our waitress was to even greet us, then had to get up and ask for our waitress to please check back with us after we received our food, as we needed multiple refills, etc.  Then asked for the manager, because it was just that horrendous.The manager was full of excuses, not appropriate considering even if you are short-staffed, they were not by any means "slammed."  What topped all of this off, though, was when he told us he would "take care of us." "Back in my day" this meant, something would be comped off the bill in an effort to recuperate the unpleasant experience... I guess not here.  We received our bill shortly after, charged for everything.  I lost patience to sit around for another 10 minutes to follow up about this. Place sucks. Done.
5	Great atmosphere, great wine, GREAT service and great appetizers to share like the amazing cheese board. Their happy hour is a great deal too.
4	Heard many great things about this place, and so we decided to give it a try.  We quite liked the atmosphere - very cozy and relaxing, and in a nice area.  The food and wine we had was delicious, and would go back again to try the many other tempting menu items.  However, I have to agree with some of the previous comments that service was lacking, and we seemed to be waited on by 2-3 people not sure what was going on with our order.  They were very nice though!  Will likely try again and see if we have better service next time.
5	Armitage is a cool, little place that has an intimate feel with old school class.Inside, high-tops, booths, tables and more casual seating areas give you plenty of options, but on a warm evening, the patio can't be missed! Checking out the activity on Market Street, soaking up the sun, drinking a glass of wine. Can't beat it! They have a large wine list, including flights, but they group them by type, so you get the Cab flight, you get three Cabs. I prefer variety, so I think the one time I got a flight I went with the red blends, all regular serving sizes, so look out! I've sampled a bit of the food but am a sucker for the bruschetta, hummus and fried ravioli I had once, but I'm not sure it's still on the menu.The happy hours - different every day - are fun and that's when it tends to fill up. The service is unobtrusive, which may be seen as slow, but Armitage is such a great place for dates and girls' nights and the servers let you enjoy that without making you feel like they're trying to get you out! Enjoy the reminder to slow down!
1	We've eaten here before and it was pretty good but we tried to go there for brunch on a sunday and it was a disaster. We walked up around 10:30 in the morning and dance music was absolutely blaring outside. I thought, 'ok we won't sit on the patio' figuring it was better inside. Wrong. I had to shout at the hostess. Not kidding. There we people at about three tables. Not sure why. I asked (shouted) if they could turn the music down a bit and the hostess shouted back that she could ask? We tried to sit on the patio where the thumping couldn't quite be felt in my chest. Decided there was no way we could stand that and went down the street. By the way. I'm not old. I play my music loud. I love bars. Sunday morning brunch is not the place nor time. The 'manager' needs a little lesson in service.
3	I came here this past weekend with a friend of mine. I was actually quite anxious to check it out because I've been to the other location in Tucson and didn't even realize that we had one here in Scottsdale so I wanted to compare the two. I started drinking wine a few months ago and have developed quite a passion for it so I LOVE going to wine bars or trying out new wine bars. =)My favorite type of red wine is the Pinot Noir so I like getting it every time I go to a new wine bar so I can see the different variations of it.  I ordered the Pinot Noir when I came while my friend ordered one of their bubbly wines that they had. We also ordered the hummus to share it. I wasn't exactly disappointed nor impressed with the wine or appetizer. As far as the customer service, everyone was very friendly. Is there something known as too much customer service? lol. I think we had 3 different waitresses help us that night, returning to our table about every 15 minutes to see if we needed anything else. The location was a bit hard to find for me. It's right in the middle of the plaza so I had a hard time finding it. There were no signs outside the perimeter guiding customers on where to go. I think I actually enjoyed the Tucson location more because they have a live band there on certain days and their outdoor patio is quite welcoming. This location was actually quite slow for a Friday evening. Also, it's quite far from where I live so I don't think I would come back since I didn't feel like it was anything out of the ordinary.
5	Great wine and atmosphere!  I'd definitely go back!!
4	Great food  and wine. But the starters are amazing
1	Not impressed. Staff is nice but typical DC Ranch crowd. Uppity. Wine tasted like the bottle had been open for 5 days too long. had a flight and all three Reds were clearly off. Then tried a Margarita and it was the worst margarita I have ever had. Only good thing was the Ravioli appetizer. I am a regular at another wine bar so I will stick with that one.
4	The wine and ambiance was nice. Wine selection was decent and food was decent as well.  It was a little loud when we first arrived but once some of the guests started leaving, it was much nicer because you could really hear the other person talk.  Staff was really nice.
5	Great wine, great ambiance, amazing music!
4	Food- great. Service- great. Live Music- AMAZING!  We attended brunch this past Sunday for the first time.  Everything was great from the food to the beverages.    What made this brunch special was the live musician they had.  The young man had a very John Mayer-ish vibe and the volume was perfect.  Hope to be back soon to enjoy the whole experience!
1	When I go to a steak house I expect them to know beef, an Italian restaurant should know pasta, therefore I expect a Wine Lounge to have a clue about wine. Armitage is a major disappointment.We planned a casual evening of wine and lite bites. Our waitress brought us a menu and also said there was a few minutes left in happy hour if we wanted to order some appetizers. With only 2 white wines on the happy hour menu, a house Chardonnay that the waitress did not know anything about, and a Rombauer that Armitage wanted $14 a glass as a Happy Hour Special. Their wine list has a handful of whites and reds, no more than a couple of each varieties. Our wine arrived in a 5 oz single serving carafe, one serving looking pale yellow and one serving having a rose tint. When I questioned the waitress she said something was weird and took both back to the bar. She then returned with the same wine and said it was not the wine, just the carafe that was stained. I questioned why she would serve us out of a dirty carafe and she said they store all their wine by the glass in carafes and the red wines stain the glass. I asked for our check as we decided to try our luck elsewhere. The manager brought our check out and did not apologize, just restated that they store their wine in the carafes in a cooler and red wine stains the glass. She said all of their carafes are stained so it is not easy to just replace a few that might be stained. Armitage stores their wine in open carafes in the fridge. Perhaps you can enjoy a nice chardonnay with a bouquet of sausage and onions if you dare to try this place. I would put the food and service on par with an Applebees or Olive Garden. They know nothing about wine and I can't imagine why anyone would order a $14 Rombauer for a 5 oz carafe that is stored open, in a cooler, in a dirty carafe.We left Armitage, stopped at Bashas, bought a great bottle of wine, some Brie and bread and had a great night by the pool enjoying the fall weather. I highly recommend self serve at home over a trip to Armitage.
5	The whole experience was perfect!!! Was here last Sunday morning for brunch and was so thrilled with the choice in location for our get together. The staff was great! Our server was very friendly and patient with our party of 15. The server decided to split up the order which was a fantastic idea. The food for the other side came out right after she had even finished taking our order. Love when food is quick but not at the burden of the quality of food. This was not at all the case. The restaurant was pretty empty but we did not have to wait long for our food. Typically it's a waiting game when you have a large group. I ordered the breakfast panini which was delicious! I've actually been craving it ever since I was there. The panini had egg, mozzarella, tomato and spinach on it. The bread was fresh and the potato wedges were to die for!!! I was told to try their pesto sauce and fell in love. Dipping my sandwich was exactly what I needed! The mimosas were tasty! Wished that the Bellini would have been on special also but that wasn't a problem! Mimosas did the job! They had a live band playing at brunch. He was very talented and the level of sound was not too loud for us girls to chat! I will be coming back to this restaurant because there are so many delicious looking options, or maybe I'm just ready for another mimosa!!!
1	I'm so so disappointed. We went there this morning for brunch. Or we tried to. I have been numerous times for many years, since 2009 or so. My biggest complaint was and is the same it was today. Their glasses are always disgusting-like obvious lip stains or lip stick ugh. I can't drink for that or straws people touch because I'm in chemo now and white blood cell counts through the floor,  I'll wind up in the hospital but I don't need to explain that. But I'm not really sure anyone else should drink that way either. It's a huge huge problem. They are obviously doing a 3 sink rinse behind the bar?  I asked for bottled water and to go beverage container. He brings me an empty styrofoam and straw he had his hands over no water. There's as no way I could use the star in the dirty glass but he was gone before I could ask. I needed to take medicine Couldn't get anyone to return to take our food order and the couches we were sitting on were so dirty. My gosh food and debris all over. It smelled like dirty rag. Couldn't take it Nymore and don't understand why we waited so long. Oh well.  We love the food here when we can get it but it's just too much to see this out in the open and not wonder what else :( so sad. I live in this area and try so hard to give my business to local small business and especially dc ranch as places close left and right. I don't care the price. Just needs to be clean please. Your not washing your glassware. This isn't the first time or second time it has happened. It wasn't a filled dining room like normal. Seemed to have 2 or 3 wait staff plus bar and hostess. It was around 1030 for Sunday brunch. This guy hasn't been there that long 6 8 months maybe at most. Last time he took care of me and my girlfriend he was more courteous but took long to reach us as well. I don't know what or why today and that really stinks.  If you are in service well, sorry some people need it. If it busy-good for you! You make more money and that's a hustle. Who wants to work in a dead dirty place.
1	Horrible valentine dinner!!  Took my daughter to Armitage and ordered the Valentine special for two!  A cheap cold fish plate and a cold fatty strip steak. Sent them both back. My daughter said they were too cold  to eat. They finally served them hot. Said they were having a BAD night in the kitchen. I have never stiffed a waiter but this guy needed to be fired. He pissed off at least three tables!  And the blonde manager was a bitch to say the least. I was overcharged for two drinks and the milk desert was trash!  God help this place. It is a cluster!!  Way the hell over priced for trash food. You have been warned!!  Please tell Mac the owner that he has trouble on his hands!!  Never again for me or my friends !!
3	Came here with a group of friends for a 30th birthday celebration the atmosphere was good the band was good the food was good but the waitress was horrible. Kinda set a tone for us . We felt rushed and then unattended to after only a couple drinks.
4	This is a great restaurant tucked away in the DC Ranch area. I have been here many times and the food is consistently great. I love their ahi kale salad! They have an awesome happy hour that goes until 7pm with a wide variety of wine, drinks, and delicious food. More importantly, they are so nice and we always have great service. It's a cozy spot that is great to enjoy lunch or dinner with family and friends.
3	If you're in North Scottsdale and just want some wine and cheese or bruschetta, this is where I would recommend.  I do like the wine flights since they give you a nice tasting of different wines.  Come here on Wednesdays (I think?) for the $10 flights, which is a pretty significant savings.  They also run Restaurant.com vouchers, which is what brought me here for the first time.  The only food I've had is a cheese board and the bruschettas. The cheese board seems really expensive, until they serve it to you and you realize you get basically a full loaf of bread as well as multiple fruits and nuts to go along with it.  I like that you can select a cheese flight or you can select individual cheeses from the selection.  It was yummy and filling.  The bruschettas were also good...no Postino of course but certainly worked for me.  Again, I like being able to pick and choose a few different options from a large list.    I have been here twice and the service at the bar I thought was very friendly.  It was when we sat at an outside table that we were really unimpressed with the service.  It felt like the waiter wasn't even listening to us.  He barely stopped walking past our table to take our order.  When I asked him questions (multiple times) he didn't hear me because he had already started walking away after we placed our orders.  They could definitely work on the service, but I will come back here for sure.
2	I've been to Armitage (couple years ago) a number of times and gave it a good review.  However, today was not good and it will probably be a couple more years before I go back.  We went for Mother's Day for their Sunday brunch.  The guy singing was good, but the music was SO loud!  My parents and my husband's parents went with us and we couldn't hear each other or the waitress.  I like loud music, but it was a Sunday at noon - not Friday night.  We asked the waitress if he could turn it down a notch and she mentioned other people had asked too, and would ask.  It was never turned down.  The food was okay.  Mimosas great.  They didn't bring my 11 year old son's food out until the rest of us had finished eating.  The table next to us sat down 45 minutes after us and the boy at their table got the same kids meal my son got and his came out first.  We complained and they took it off the bill but no one was in a hurry to get the food.
4	Deeeeelish artichoke. Their hors d'oeuvres are tasty and they have a decent wine list. Pleasantly surprised to find such a great chicken fried steak at their brunch. Nice job!
1	This place was over priced and the food had Zero flavor. The free range chicken was a small chicken breast and very bland. The beet salad had zero taste. My daughter's pasta was freezing cold when they brought it out. So for that we still paid $110 for the meal. Won't be back! Reason why I have it rated one star is because our waitress was really good. We should have walked out when we walked in and hardly anyone was here at 7:00pm.
5	Excellent service and great specials almost every day. Romantic ambiance. Delicious food and nice wines. Get the cheese platter! The  ice cream/melted cookie dessert is the best dessert in North scottsdale! Like an oregano s pazookie but way way WAY better. Yummy!
5	Armitage has closed there doors in DC Ranch as of 6/11/2014, we wish them the best of luck
