1	Whenever I would walk past Inca, there would always be a good atmosphere and almost always busy. It was only natural that I paid it a visit, to see what all the fuss was about. From the outside, the Italian mosaic-style writing is really quaint and lures you in, but I did not appreciate the harsh tiles on the inside, and I don't know which 'mood' the lighting was going for, but it was near impossible to see my friends, let alone my food. When we asked for a candle, we were told that there were problems with the electricity, so probably shouldn't have an open flame. This made us want to stay...The food was ok. Average, nothing special. I'm a traditionalist, so opted for the Carbonara (surprise surprise) and it was quite tasteless. To be honest, it wasn't worth the calories. My friend said she saw something black scutter across the floor at one point. The restaurant seemed clean enough and everything was laid out well, but there was something not quite right.I'm a bit hesitant to report of my bad experience in Inca as it is always so busy, so must attract custom from somewhere. There must be an amazing dish that I haven't heard about, or something I'm missing. When I find it, Ill let you know. Until then, stay clear.
2	INCA!? SO SOUTH AMERICAN FOOD? ...Wait, Italian? The food is as confused as the owners. My Pizza Cardinale didn't know wither to be disgusting or burnt. But I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt, because my girlfriends meal looked alot better. The meal took forever to come and the waitress was a little short with us. The toilets were foul, bleach is cheap guys, come on!! Gloriously underwhelming
3	Inca seem to be confused over precisely which type of cuisine they are serving. At first glance, it would be easy to think that Inca was a Mexican restaurant, but the food they serve is Italian. Weird. Having said that, the atmosphere inside the restaurant is great as the staff are warm and inviting and make you feel at home straight away. I ordered their four seasons pizza which was tasty, had lots of toppings and cheese on it and it had a good crust on it - not too thin or burnt.   Inca serves a range of pizza and pasta dishes, as well as salads and garlic bread. The food is very reasonably priced and they have a good selection of beers and wine.I went to Inca on a Thursday night and it was fairly quiet inside but it is likely to be busier at the weekends. I did find it fairly dark inside, but | think the staff wanted to create an 'ambiance', which is fine as long as you can see what you are eating!
3	Now, I haven't eaten here so I can't comment on the food. But this wee place does a very good cup of tea and the teapot is a good size and for the price it's all fine and dandy. But it is an odd place... I thought the food would be Latin American of some description, but it's Italian, and owned by a guy from Iran I think! The restaurant has a large downstairs section, so it's much bigger than it appears from the outside. It's a strange wee place in Bruntsfield, with so much competition from other really nice places, but seems to tick along regardless. Maybe I can re-review when I've eaten something but so far all is A-OK, if a little eclectic and odd :)
