5	What can you say about a grocery store?! I do the bulk of my shopping at this one, and i can say that i have never had a bad experience. The staff is friendly and helpful, and the lines move along pretty good, and the store is clean. Prices are a few cents higher than FRYS and SUPER WALMART but the meat and deli stuff are in my opinion much better. Also there is a Starbucks and US Bank inside. Also, online shopping and delivery is available at this location!They also have a gas station, just becareful in the morning as the Coke guy stocks the tiny mart, nearly forcing you to climb over mountains of soda to get to the cashier!
3	What I like about this Safeway: You can have the butcher marinate your meat for free!!! Any meat you buy...they open it..put the marinade that you choose ...and reseal. Love it!!What I don't like about this Safeway: There are no self check outs. I usually just go in here to get a few items and there is always a long line. Why didn't they put the self check outs in here?? It is a fairly new place...geesh.
1	I'm glad I'm not the only one reviewing a grocery store... but I just think this Safeway deserves a special shout-out because of how horrible my experiences have been. We moved here about 7 or 8 months ago, and this is the closest grocery store, so obviously we've been there quite a bit. Convenient location, we usually like Safeway, and it has a Starbucks in it. Cool.Unfortunately, this is probably the worst Safeway I've ever shopped in. I don't know why, but every time I go there is a horrible experience. The employees always seem to be rude, if they even interact with you at all. They all seem to hate their jobs, and I would too if I worked at this location! I definitely don't blame them. The most annoying part is that whenever I go, no matter what day of the week or time of day, seems to be extremely busy customer-wise. The best part is that I have only ever seen 2 cash registers open MAX, when it was ridiculously busy, but it is usually just 1 lane. As you can imagine, the line gets incredibly long... and on top of this all, each customer seems to take forever to check out. I have no idea where the blame lies here, but it is seriously the slowest service I've ever seen in any grocery store. I don't even know how to describe it... it's just like being in the Twilight Zone or something, and no one else seems to notice here! They act like it's completely normal.Also, this place used to be clean according to the reviews. It doesn't look that clean to me whenever I go...We have decided to just go to Fry's or even the Super Target, even though they are farther away from home than Safeway. We HATE Fry's, but the location closest to this Safeway is much better than the Safeway... Hell, I'd even rather go to Wal Mart at this point, and we avoid Wal Mart like the plague! On top of all of this, the Safeway prices are obviously ridiculous. It was fine before because we liked going to our old Safeway so much, but at this location the price is definitely not justified. We can get the exact same stuff elsewhere for cheaper, and not absolutely dread going to get it either :P
1	First off understand this, I'm east coast, originally from Florida and the king of all grocery stores (Publix) owns the southeast, they have set the bar VERY HIGH. That said, I have expectations and sadly Safeway (this location and others) doesn't even come close! Let's start with the ethnic section, there is more to ethnic than Mexican, enough said! The meat department, it's ok, the Ranchers Reserve stuff to me is hype but the key to this place that turns me off is that everything is in bulk packs for way more than you want to spend or 'Thin Sliced' HUH??? 9 dollars for a thin sliced steak, who makes this stuff up??? Also oddly enough, chicken, one of the hardest things to find in the entire section, you can walk 10 feet of meat but if you want something a bit more healthy, good luck! The deli, another area that really leaves me scratching my head, always pushing house brands, pre-sliced mystery meat on sale and always what they gravitate to first before you tell them you want something more high end or a name brand and my experience the hams aren't very good (Safeway Brand), not sure what it is but they never satisfy my taste buds so I order something better. Oh and you better make it clear that you want your cheese separated between sheets or you'll get home and discover that it melted back into a block while in the back of the car.The biggest problem with this store however which would never happen at Publix where their motto is "Publix: Where Shopping Is A Pleasure" is that there is never enough checkout or bag help! I have complained over and over again to management as to how they can have 2 registers open during the highest traffic times of the day (4 to 6pm) and expect people to be happy when they are waiting, and waiting and waiting to checkout and then on the other side of the register there are never any bag boys to bag everything up! So they are severely short handed, have little customer satisfaction ability and at the end of the transaction after I bagged most of my own groceries they ask "Do you want some help out"!!!! WHAT! SERIOUSLY! REALLY! FROM WHO - YOU HAVE NO EMPLOYEES I JUST BAGGED MY OWN GROCERIES DON'T YOU GET IT!!! Sure I want help out, are you going to close your register to do it or are you going to call one of the employee's that are in the back or at home and have them come in just to take care of me!!! The stores need a facelift, they are dark and dingy, need bright white paint so you know they are clean and they need enough employee's to meet the needs of their shoppers. This is a classic case of if you build it they will come because right now people have discovered WalMart, it's bright, well staffed, excellent prices and they built it and now my business is over there!
2	I will run in here for milk and bread now...but not much of anything else. I have purchased two packs of rotten meat and the butchers have no clue. They are not at all helpful and it looks dirty.I can not waste my money here anymore.
4	Nice clean store....would shop here anytime...
2	This Safeway is horrible, the employees are very rude, and I've even heard em argue with customers, very expensive and when there busy, there's only one cashier usually open... So it takes forever, I'll go to bashas or Walmart before here.
4	I went to this safeway because I wanted to make a sandwich so I needed meat, cheese and Kaiser rolls. The deli opened at 7am on this Sunday and although it was not yet open the lady prepping the Deli area volunteered to help. It was a very pleasant experience. She helped me get my meat (Applewood smoked ham) and cheese (Muenster) both items were sampled and if they were frozen I could not taste it, they were delicious. If you believe that stores don't freeze deli items then you have never been to the walmart up the street. I then went to the bakery section, and it was still before 7am and the nice lady helped me out as well. There was not enough Kaiser rolls so the bakery lady recommended another product and gave me a sample. It tasted ok and it looked like it would be able to stand up to my ham, cheese, pickles, mustard and miracle whip sandwich, so I got it. If I had left at this point the store would have received 5 stars, but I went to the meat section. I do not expect butcher quality meats at a grocery store, I don't want it slimey like you see on kitchen nightmares or the walmart up the street, ever. I do need honesty. If the meat has been frozen for a day or two it is ok for the grill or stove. If it has been frozen for a week or two it is ok for the crockpot. If it has been frozen for a month or two it is ok for the dog. If it has been frozen for a year or two it is only good for the trash. This is where honesty comes in. The manager claimed none of his meat was frozen while we were looking at the ice crystals on his chicken. He spent an inordinate amount of time fondling my meat and trying to poke a hole in the plastic wrap to insert his finger in. He also claimed that his beef was fresh but when I got home and peeled the chuck roast out of the plastic I noted the top was fresh red and the bottom was grey. This happens when meat is close to being spoiled or past and disreputable people use red dye to cover it up. I also noticed bad freezer burn on the hidden part as well. Since the meal was for a crockpot I didn't return it. I regret that because all Tuesday, the day after eating that meat, my entire family was ill with stomach and digestive issues. In summary, fire the meat manager before he kills someone, and promote the deli and bakery employees.
2	I'm a previous Safeway only shopper, this store has changed that. Terrible lines, unhappy cashiers who don't enjoy their job and openly complain about their coworkers & their schedules & treat customers like an inconvenience. It's not one or two, there has to be a leadership problem for the difference to be so noticeable between this one and every other Safeway I've shopped. I have gotten good service at the produce and meat departments and the team at Starbucks are great - happy & helpful!
2	II wanted to update this review. It's been 10 months since I reviewed Safeway on Estrella Pkwy and I wanted to give them a second chance. Sorry I did. The meat again was awful, the discount bin was overflowing with green meat and some of it was starting to get warm. The meat counter area did get a bit cleaner and I was interested in meat in the case. Unfortunately the man tending the counter and I had a slight language barrier and he was unable to answer my questions, but he was nice enough. Still not a place I want to shop.The other huge turn off was the assistant manager at the service desk. He looked overwhelmed and unfriendly, never once did he look interested in what I needed or happy to be there. On a bright note the Starbucks employees are always great and the coffee is good! I will still just keep this as a milk and bread stop only.
2	I was in this store today to pick up some essentials and I was surprised at how filthy the store was. This store is located in a newer part of Goodyear but it looks like one that would have been around for 50 years. First, the bathroom was horrible. The mirrors were scratched with graffiti writing, no soap in the dispenser and the floor looked as if it had not been mopped in a week. I went to pick the items up and noticed the Oscar Mayer bacon was priced at 3.99 each with a coupon on the Safeway website, so the tag read. Well I tried to find the coupon on the website. I got to the register mentioned the ad and the cashier could not get the help as she should from the lead or supervisor. At one point he told her to call someone else for a code instead of getting it for her. Anyway you can tell that it appears to need leadership at this store. Good luck Safeway!
3	Been here a couple times. The store is never crazy busy.  There have never been carts strewn through out the parking lot.  The store seems clean.  It is set up strangely, but we are used to stores we frequent more.  The staff seems young and more interested in flirting with each other than working.  When we see good deals we will stop through here on our weekly shopping run to other stores.
1	This store opened the same day I closed on my house . 15 April 2003. It is now dank and smelly...like an old market in the Bronx. Only it's only ten years old!...Today I found out they took away the bulk coffee. I may be shopping at Sprouts from now on...longer drive but seriously...forcing folks to buy pre-packaged (who knows where it came from coffee?). That could be the last straw.
1	Worst customer service  ever! They have only 2 lanes open, no self checkout, unfriendly workers, young workers who rather text than bag our groceries! Slow workers I can go on and on
1	I gave this store 1 star. I'd like to give zero. Worst customer service I've ever encountered!!!! The cashier LITERALLY said zero words to me while I was checking out. I had 5 items. Even took them out of my hand basket for him. He bagged my raw meat in the same bag as my bread, milk, and cheese. Gross!!!!! I mentioned at the very end... After he couldn't even tell me my total (let alone "hello" or "do you have a safeway card?") that no one believes me when I tell them that cashiers at this store don't speak to me. He just gave me a lazy look & couldn't have cared less. Finally he said, "sorry about that." What a joke! Never again will I visit this store. Remember corporations ---- bad news travels faster than good news.
3	Smaller Safeway that I'm used to but it has all my staples.  Not as nice as other Safeways though but it will do the job.
