5	I called Stan to help me with a punch-list of items for my vacation condo. I needed a latch put on, toilet seat installed, grout in bathroom, etc.  He called me back in a timely manner and showed up when he said he would. Not only did he fix all the things on my list but saved me $$ by using some existing hinges that I thought wouldn't work. The next day I called him for advice after 2 failed attempts at getting keys made (that didn't work) for the front door. He came and worked on the keys and recomended a new lock. He bought and installed the lock (after I left town) and mailed me my copy.  Stan is now my go-to guy for anything (large or small) in terms of home repair.  He's as honest as the day is long and I feel very fortunate that he was available to assist me with my condo fixits. I can only offer my heartfelt recommendation and hope that he's not too busy the next time I call upon him!  Gina C
5	Called Stan after reading a review on yelp..Had many jobs carpenter,roof,repair,,caulk,paint He gave estimate arrived on time did all repairs built 2 shelf cupboards..  Was finished in good time cleaned up Was very pleasant to deal with did very good work, and price was reasonable..As we are 6 mo residents we feel we have found our go to Guy whether we are here or not we will call Stan ....
5	My dad was in assisted living for a temporary stay and I needed a rail installed in the shower quickly.  Stan and I set the entire thing up by texting (which I loved).  He came out the next day and was puntual, professional and efficient.  He charges a reasonable rate as well... would definately call him (or text) again.
5	We are renting out a home in Scottsdale AZ. I found Stan on Yelp and read all the comments on him. Well we gave him a try. Not only did he do the job, I had to pay him with a check while I was out of town. He is a very trusting person as well. So when we move into the home we are renting out, I know who I will call when I need a trustworthy man to do the job! Stan....Stan is the man!Thanks Stan,Dennis and Karin Trovato
5	Stan is truly incredible. Best handyman we have found in any city we have lived in. Stan is very professional, trustworthy, and does quality work at a reasonable price. Stan fixed our landscaping lighting when others told us we had to replace them, saving us a ton of money. Then he stopped by the next day just to make sure they were still working.  We are lucky to have found him!
5	We called Stan after another highly rated service failed to get back to us in spite of repeated promises to call.   We're glad we did.  Stan got back to us in a timely manner and arrived right on time to give us an estimate to fix the tracks on some folding doors.  Stan was very professional, very personable, and we really appreciated his honesty.  We thought the tracks would need to be replace but Stan felt that was an unnecessary expense and after he made 2 trips to find the right hardware he fixed our doors good as new using the existing tracks.  His prices were very reasonable as well.  It's a real relief to find someone you can trust and we would highly recommend Stan.
5	I am so pleased with Stan's service!  First off, he returned my call.  I am actually shocked at how many independently owned businesses in this area won't do that much.  He stopped by the same day to look at the job.  After installing a new front door, I needed the ceramic tiles replaced along the threshold since the footprint of the new one was different.  Although he was busy, he told me he would follow-up the next week.  AND HE DID!  I didn't even have to call him back.He came with an assistant because he was so busy and they got the old tiles removed and the new ones in within a few hours.  He didn't want to grout until the tile was well-set so he left for a few hours and came back to finish the job.  Although he doesn't do a lot of tile, Stan did an excellent job in matching the grout lines.  Not an easy feat given the idiot who installed it the first time failed to do that.Easy five-star review!  Thank you!
1	Called him for a repair, never called back.  It's been a week.
