3	My friends and I used to eat here a lot when we were poor starving students. When you're  in the middle of the hot desert and craving for some pho, take your caravan here. The menu is extensive; the prices are reasonable;  and the staff is friendly.
4	This is probably one of the better places to go for Pho.  I'll always come here after a night of drinking unless it's too crowded in which I'll go somewhere else.  The egg rolls and spring rolls here are one of my favorite.  The rice plates (com bi cha) dishes are also good.  Sometimes the waiters can get confused, but not often.
3	This is one of the better Pho joints among the many scattered on Spring Mountain Road. Super casual and decent service. Note: They take CASH ONLY.
5	I've been going here for 10 years now and despite all the Pho restaurants that have been popping up in Vegas, this one still seems to stay super busy and attract the most customers.  If you go here, you'll understand why...the Pho truly is number 1! :)Just be warned though, you're not going to get great service here.  The food servers will point at the table you should sit at, take your order without even looking at you, and throw down the bowl of food on the table.  The busers, however, are super nice!
3	The staff hears what they want to hear. They don't really care what you say or order. I mean, I barely got "cafe" out of my mouth and the dude was already gone. What if I didn't want condensed milk, huh? What of that? Same thing for pho orders. And AND the menu had me flustered due to their lack of rice plates. Who does that? Who doesn't have just charbroiled pork as the first thing on the list of rice plates? Despite my complaints, the egg rolls were excellent! Loads of filling in them! And the coffee was old school, with the metal drip thing and the cup of ice. Pho was good, but something about 105 degree heat makes me not want to eat a big hot soupy bowl of pho.
4	For lunch we shared a bowl of pho tai (rare steak) accompanied by fresh basil, herbs, lemon and bean sprouts.  A liberal skirt of Sriracha chili and I was happy.  We also shared a delicious order of goi cuon (steamed egg rolls with shrimp, noodles and veggies) with a peanut dipping sauce. Highly recommended for anything that ails you.
3	3.0 stars.  The bathroom was this slippery goooo... I was literally skating ... YUCK.The pho on the other hand was pretty good.  The mexican waiter kinda takes away the whole experience of eating Vietnamese food and ordering in my native tongue.  The broth was good, and not too much msg.Service could have been a bit better.  And the bathroom definitely needs help.  It could have had 0.5 to 1 more star if it wasn't for the bathroom debacle and the service.
4	In my opinion, this place has one of the best pho broths! Their pho is very consistent each time. There's one thing I always must get, their Red Bean Drink. Wow... just try it and you'll want another one.
3	In the spirit of Don King, I'll have to put up two heavyweight contenders:Pho Saigon 8 "I 8 pho" vs. Pho So 1 "yea so, we #1"This is a lot like Ken vs. Ryu (Street Fighter!)... if you don't know what the hell I'm talking about, than you missed out on an era of video games, and my set-up for the review was wasted because than I can't explain it to you terms of Kens flaming dragon punch vs. Ryu's flaming fireball. If you do know Street Fighter, than you'd know that I'm trying to say is that I think both restaurants are almost comparable to each other.This is how I see how each breaks down - I order "Pho Tai Nam Gau Gan Sach hay Pho Dac Biet":Pho So 1 -PRO'S:. This is typically the place I normally go to when I'm hungover like I normally am in Vegas. Pho does a body good after drinks.. It's clean, it's nicer looking than most Pho restaurants, and it's usually packed...most often with some hotties.. They have an extensive menu. huge parking lot. Catch up on finding a real estate agent because they advertise in the menu.. Meat quality is better than most LA Pho restaurants I've been too.CON'S:. Mediocre pho broth. Can sometimes taste like beef broth in a can. The 99.8% fat free kind. Come on! Fat is flavor!. Service??. Get distracted by look'n at the menu cuz a bunch of real estate agents advertise in the menu.Pho Saigon 8PRO'S. Pho broth is slightly better than So #1. Won numerous awards in several publications for best Pho/Vietnamese restaurant.. My friend "Double D" says this is her favorite place, and she's a local.. Meat quality is better than most LA Pho restaurants.. The #8 is a goodluck number to Asians. Esp, Asians who gamble.CON'S. Smaller parking lot. The day we went they forgot about our drink order.. Older and less appealing interior. $7 freak'n dollars for a LARGE bowl which isn't any bigger than So #1's large bowl of Pho. In fact, I think it's slightly smaller.. My boba in my Thai Ice tea was like rubber pellets.. It's located further west on Spring Mountain than So #1It's almost a toss up, but I'd have to give it up to Pho So #1 mainly because it's more convenient, and it's a slightly better value than #8 regardless of taste.
4	The pho here is a bit better than Pho Kim Long's pho, even though it is more oily. I haven't found a better place than this so far. The service is always good when we go here. The vermicelli dishes like bun are pretty good here too (I love pouring all the fish sauce they give in it! hehe). Anyone have any suggestions of a better place in Vegas?
4	SCOREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!Finally, real PHO. I'm so sick of Koreatown Pho in LA. Plus, I found out that there is a PHO SO 1 in Van Nuys, CA. I LOVE IT!Two things to order:1. Sizzlin beef. It comes with a burner, meat, lettuce wraps, vegetables 2. Pho with rare beef. I love the price. $4.50? how can you beat that?HANDS DOWN! ONE OF MY FAVORITES.
3	The service is 4 stars and the food is 3 stars.Came here twice after after a couple of nights of drinking and each time I had the Pho Ga, chicken noodle soup. Even though I had been drinking, I can still tell you that the Pho Ga was pretty good. The broth was not greasy and there was a generous amount of chicken that was given was not dry.  I am giving the staff 4 stars because I can't imagine how many drunk people come in to this restaurant and just give them a hard time. DRUNKS! No I was not one them. I am a happy drunk. It says a lot if I can say that there Pho Ga is comparable to the Pho Ga in the SF. The prices for their dishes are average, not too pricey. I also thought this restaurant was pretty clean. Good place to have a late night dinner after a night of partying, even though it's a way from the strip, but I suppose that can be appealing for some people.
4	You know you like Pho, when you pass up the many buffets in Las Vegas, jump in a car and go for a hot bowl of goodness.  At current buffet prices, pho is a steal of a deal.Pho So 1 is doing a great job.  My experience with pho has been limited to the San Gabriel area of Los Angeles.  I'd have to admit the pho here was really tasty and they had all the regular add on's I get in Los Angeles:  Onions for one.One thing I was disappointed in was the spring rolls.  They were not tightly wrapped and the dipping sauce was not very good.  I ended up dipping the spring rolls in fish sauce instead.They do a good job on the Vietnamese coffee too.Skip the rolls, go for Pho.  Just so you know this place is not on the strip it's on a stretch of Spring Mountain road packed with Asian restaurants and yes, massage parlors.  There are tons of options, so go explore.Just remember what happens in Vegas...  stays in VegasExcept the pho, that I'm telling you about.
4	Accidentally stumbled upon this place because the other Pho restuarant we were suppose to go to last night was out of business and this one was just around the corner. Good thing that we found this place, this was one of the best Pho restuarants we've eaten at in Vegas so far . I notice their menu is more extensive than others, like 7 course of beef. I don't see that at other Pho restuarants or haven't stumble upon another one just like it. You know a restuarant is good when you have guest waiting for a table. I usually do the thirst test after eating at a certain restuarant to see if they use a lot of MSG. After eating at this place I was not thirsty at all, I guess they really cook their broth from scratch than with the help of MSG to flavor it. Their pho was really tasty and delicious and they give a lot of meat. I have to come back to try their 7 course of beef, seems like every other table had ordered it and it smell so good but the one bad thing is that your clothes and hair end up smelling greasy afterward. This restaurant is a definite must try.
4	I can't believe i forgot to yelp Pho So 1.  LOL.  I make a stop at this restaurant on almost every Vegas trip!!!  The pho is excellent, and the broth is so yummy.  It's a great hang over remedy :o)  The broken rice is also good too.The coffee is good and strong, not diluted with water.  The smoothies and che (the coconut milk desserts) are highly recommended.  The restaurant is clean and the service is fast.
4	it was our last day in vegas, and we just weren't feeling any of the buffets. so, we went off the strip right by the 15 freeway and hit up pho so 1. my cousin's girlfriend found it on google and we decided to go there. it was pretty good. i normally don't like pho, but i love bun (vermicelli rice noodles). i got my usual, bbq pork bun that includes some cut-up egg rolls. it was so good. i did have to use the entire bowl of sauce that it came with because it was sort of bland, and not much pork. i normally only use about half of the sauce, but i wasn't trippin'. the prices were good, and the food and service was good also. their iced coffee is very strong. this was my first time trying real vietnamese coffee, so it blew me away. i normally drink weak coffee, but this was quite a jolt. it was a little too sweet, so i had to water it down with some water to my liking. overall, great spot if you're craving some good vietnamese food.
4	The food here is pretty good.  Some of us had hu tieu (clear noodles soup), pho, bo kho, stir fried noodles.  Overall, all the items were good.  The stir fried noodles dish surprised me a little, I didn't expect the deep fried crunchy rice noodles there.  It was ok, I wouldn't get it again but it worths a try :)
2	just to let you know, their website doesnt work...oh and the first thing i noticed on their door is the "People Love us on Yelp" sticker...um, im the 21st person to write a review about them...what liars...what dirty stinking liars...people dont love you if the average review is 3.5 stars...shouldnt have that sticker up or people will find out that they dont really love you...kinda like what im doing right now...no no...thats exactly what im doing right now...you liars...twenty reviews?  a place like falafel drive-in in san jose, ca deserves that sticker because they have like over 550 reviews...i dont care if you think im rambling on right now...either take down the sticker or admit youre liars...oh, and also, its been a year and seven months until your twenty first review has been posted now...thanks to me...luckily for you, im being half sarcastic...you should consider this a lesson well learned...so anyway...we're seated immediately...usually when i go to a new place with a cuisine i particularly enjoy, i order their most basic dish...i got their large pho with only brisket and spring rolls...my family also ordered this grill thing that ultimately becomes a wrap...they give you a grill, raw meat, spring roll wraps and vegetables to put in the wraps along with a dipping sauce...the service was even worse than it normally is to me...they just, wouldnt remember things...now onto my pho...i think the noodles were overcooked because they kept breaking up and i always always always got small ass bites of noodles!...it was so annoying...and the soup and everything itself just did not taste right..."meh. i've experienced better" is exactly what i have to say about this...a poorly earned two out of five stars...the only reason why this place has such good business is because its open til like 3am...i woulve doublechecked on their website but it doesnt work...everything is open hella late in vegas...and yeah i know its vegas with all the casinos and crap...im not retarded...but im talking about normal grocery stores, pho joints and others i cant really remember...and another reason why i give it no more than two out of five stars is because i just drove here from northern california and i didnt wanna eat fast food on the way over here...so it definitely hit the spot and it was enjoyable because i was pretty freaking hungry..."people love us on yelp" HA! dont make me laugh!
3	Like all Vietnamese restaurants, the service is horrible and the restaurant is simply unclean. It must be due to the lunch crowd on Labor Day weekend and a Sunday. But they had these business card trays that were pretty bad. It really made my day when I read, "We Speak English" on one of the business cards. As if we were in some other country where English wasn't our primary language. LOL.
4	Judging a pho restaurant is pretty easy: try their pho at 9am when they first open and before you add anything to the broth see how it tastes. If it tastes good at 9am the restaurant is very good. In this case, we came to Pho 1 at 8:55am and I was a little nervous as some restaurants like to make their broth at 7am and its honestly not ready at 9am or even 10am. In this case, the pho had been cooking all night and it was incredible. If you like pho I would highly, highly recommend Pho 1.
3	The service was fast, the food was fresh and good. The spring rolls, imperial rolls, the thai iced tea and pho were all great.
3	i give 3 stars not because of the food, which i think it's really good.but because of the lady server they have.she's so rude not only once but everytime i go there.the last time i went there i ordered a salad (i dont remember the name, but is really good) it has raw meat that is only cooked with the acidity of the ingredients they put in it (like a tartare). the lady told me i wouldnt like it, because white people dont like it!! i said, well i had it before and i like it, even if i dont like it i would pay for it. when my order came SHE GAVE ME ANOTHER SALAD, and told me i would like it better!what is wrong with her? she's rude to us all the time!on the other hand the bussers are really friendly! the pho, excellent!and number 53 is soooooooo good!
4	Good standard Pho place. Cheap and tasty. Really hit the spot for brunch after a long night out the day before. Saw that they even have personal grills available for your table too.
2	We found this place randomly because my mom was craving Pho.  For calling itself Pho so 1 (which basically translates to #1 pho), they aren't so great.  The soup totally tasted like they were trying to drown out any other flavor with an excessive amount of star anise.  I will give them credit for the fast service and the very fresh veggies, but the soup makes the pho, and it totally wasn't working for me.  On a high note, they were open early in the morning which is irregular for a lot of pho places, but  I don't think I'll be going here again.
4	Where do you go when you want pho for breakfast, lunch, and dinner? Day 2 of our family LV trip and my grandpa wanted so vegetables to wash down his colon. So on a cold night, what is better than a hot bowl of noodles (okay, I know what the counter answer is, but we're talking about eats and there might be children reading this).I got the goodness of beef flank and tendon pho for around $6. Damn good deal especially since you can get this from 9am to 3am! :)
1	I've been here a few times in the past, but it's been about 2 years since my latest visit a few days ago. First, the food. Compared to the other pho restaurants in LV, this is one of the ones. Unfortunately, that's the only positive about this place. Unfortunately, everything about the place overshadow the decent food and just plain out bring the place down. Dining there was like dining from hell. First, the service is about the worst I've ever experienced. They spilled the boiling pho on my gf's friend and rather than apologize, they put the blame on her. Second, they completely got my order wrong and while they admitted it, they never corrected so I ended up eating the wrong pho anyway since I was too hungry waiting for what I ordered. Next, the entire place was disorganized and smelly. Busboys were busting tables all around us while staff were running around but never really getting our orders or that of our neighbors' orders properly. I can only guess this place is still in business because people don't know where else to eat in LV. Here's a tip. Spend the money and pay 3x the price to eat pho at one of the restaurants in any of the major hotels (Mandalay, Bellagio, etc...) and you will still get better value for your money. As for this hell hole, they should be grateful we didn't sue for the spill. My gf spent the rest of the meal healing her hand with ice while I tried to convince it's not wort hassle pursuing a lawsuit.
5	I found Pho So on Yelp as we were looking for a quick lunch of Pho in Las Vegas. I knew it was going to be good as soon as I saw the dining room full of Asian diners. Not a single Anglo to be found. It's a casual, cafeteria-type restaurant that reminds me of La Carreta Cuban restaurant in Miami. The Pho was delicious and very authentic. I got the House Special Pho which arrived in a big bowl with a generous pile of bean sprouts and basil. It was HUGE! You could certainly share it, I only finished half of it. There is no coupon for this restaurant, but at $8 who needs one!
2	this place is on the opposite side of the of the I-15, away from the strip. it's located right next to a Big Lots and a Lucky's supermarket. in an area where all the other asian establishments are in LV. Vegas chinatown you could say.we've tried a few other pho places in the area, but for some reason we keep coming back to this one. it's your run of the mill pho place, nothing special. pretty much the pho joint that you'd find anywhere else.the one major minus of this place is the fact that the pho takes FOREVERS to come out. usually when you order a bowl of pho anywhere else. it comes out right away. for some strange reason, it takes soooooooooo long for it to come out here. I mean come on.. 1)  broth? pre-made. 2) noodles? pre-made.3) meat? all ready and chopped up.what the hell is taking so long?? throw it all in a bowl, pour the broth and serve while it's still hot! no need to make us wait 20+ minutes. i'm still slightly drunk and hung over. i want my damn bowl of pho! what the hell are you guys doing back there, gambling!? well... viet people do love to gamble, and it is vegas...
3	Walking into the restaurant, my mom and I exchange a few words. "Gee, it's dirty". But a little grime never scared us off before. In fact, it's often joked that it's a good thing. The rest of our relatives are already there awaiting us, and so we quickly order our food, which arrives quickly via Hispanic servers who can say "Pho Tai" better than Hubby can.My Pho' Tai Sach (rare steak with tripe pho') is average. What can I say, it's Vegas. The broth is a bit on the oily side but had a good flavor, and the noodles and meat are alright. My hubby liked his Pho' Dac Biet. My aunt suggested we order their Pho' Xao Thap Cam, which basically translates to "assorted fried pho'". This was a very interesting dish. The pho' noodles are fried to create a crunchy, chewy pancake layer on which an assortment of seafood, meats, and vegetables are placed on, and the whole thing is topped off with a sweet gravy reminiscent of Thai rad nah gravy. It wasn't out of this world, but it was pretty good. My cousin's verdict on his Bun Bo Hue (Hue beef noodle soup): good. I didn't think the Che Suong Sa Hot Luu (a Vietnamese dessert of agar and tapioca in coconut milk) was very good, as it was sparse on pretty much everything, but Hubby liked his Ca Phe Sua Da (Vietnamese Iced Coffee), which I noticed came out already in the glass.Pho' So 1 means "Pho' Number 1", but I'd have to disagree when I think of all the pho' restaurants I've eaten at in SoCal. But because the food and prices are ok, this restaurant will be my go to Vietnamese restaurant for now in Vegas until we try out a few other ones there in the city. Lots of photos and full review on my blog.
5	Never judge Pho by it's cover....If you eat Pho, you know the tables are gonna be dirty, the service poor, floors not swept..... but that's the norm.  Minus all that and get down to the Pho itself.  This place is the best so far in Vegas.... better than the "best in vegas" Pho Saigon 8 (they paid off the reviewers, if you ask me)I had the #10 Pho dac biet (special).  Broth is good n tasty, doesn't seem to be any MSG?  The best meat is the Tai (rare steak) be sure to eat this first....as it is very tender than most other places.... veggie tray had like 9 slices of Jalepenos!  Gotta have my Jalap-penos...tea is served in a glass tumbler HK style but I burned my fingers trying to drink it (should be plastic) The menu is more extensive than just a Pho place.... rice plates, bun, bo 7 mon....(beef seven ways)  saw lots of peeps having that.....must be gooood here.  Topped it all off with a soda chanh to go, sweet n tart and very limey....refreshing.til next time, good Pho-ing?  Is that a verb?
4	As a Las Vegas resident, I have been eating at this place for the last 10 plus years or so. This place has very good pho, and their rice dishes are pretty good also. My favorite dish is the beef stew with egg noodle soup, very flavorful and comes with a lot of tender beef. If anyone is going to try Vietnamese food for the first time this is the place to go.
4	I eat here a lot, my brother in law swears by the place, every time he comes to Las Vegas, this is pretty much his first stop.  Pretty easily accessible on spring mountain, if you are going east towards I-15, might be a bit more difficult if you are going west and away from the I-15 during congestion.I've heard that they use MSG, but I have no complaints about it, although I need to drink a bit of extra water.  My mom gets a headache sometimes after eating here, so she isn't a big fan of it.You can order pho, rice or even get the grill to make your own rolls with the meat/shrimp they give you.  The food here is pretty good, probably some of the better Vietnamese food you would find here in Vegas.  Typically the meat is good, any of it (flank, steak, beef balls etc - or you can get the tendon or tripe if you like that as well).  I like getting the grill, reminds me of the old days of living with my parents and making that stuff at home and the nostalgic feel to it.Orders are usually pretty quick - I tend to come here during non-rush hour times though.  Service is to be expected of a pho place because of its popularity.  Overall, quality place for the food, not so much for the service.
4	I used to go here a lot when i resided in vegas. This place has some bomb pho. Good portions and good service. They also have good vietnamese shabu shabu. Everything i ate there was good. This is one of the best pho joints in sin city.
5	For someone who loves Vietnamese food I would have to say this is one of the best, if not the best.  Reasonable price, delicious and good service.  What more can I say.  Try it for yourself.  You'll thank me later.
3	Pretty standard Pho besides my bowl being packed with a tons of protein (meat). It was actually a huge bowl that I could barely make half a dent in.Had a chance to try the 7 course beef as well.I'd visit it again.
2	Tasty pho. Fresh accouterment. Good rare steak. HoiSin sauce that looks like it has never seen the inside of a refrigerator.Please Take Note:The bottle on HoiSin sauce says: REFRIGERATE AFTER OPENING. According to one knowledge compendium website ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Refrigerate_after_opening ) "Once opened for consumption, the product is immediately exposed to atmospheric oxygen and floating dust particles containing bacteria and mold spores, and all protections from the preservation process are immediately lost. At room temperature, mold and bacteria growth resumes almost immediately, and warmer temperatures can lead to an explosion of growth that rapidly degrades the food product. This organism growth can result in the accumulation of poisonous bacterial substances in the food product such as botulin, that lead to food poisoning, sickness, or death."
3	Possible bias review... Hangover fixture! We always drive off the strip to this place in Vegas' Asian central. I usually go with the pho after a night of intaking a lot of poison but this time I tried one of their rice dishes. It's number #67 on the menu: pork slices, egg, something else. I also asked for a side order of soup. The pork was a bit salty but hey, it's not like I had my taste buds to begin with. Just ate and ate and it all seemed good to me at that point. This place can accomodate big parties which is cool and makes it easier. My friends seem to like their food but then again, their current state at that time was probably like mine. The staff was friendly and fast. There are many pho restaurants in this area now, this is a decent one.
4	Wow~ Vegas, you have impressed me this time!Pho So 1 serves variety of Vietnamese food, including Vietnamese BBQ, rice dishes, and other noodle dishes.  http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/2irb7bL821PjTTokp9GNSQ/l I was tempted to try something else (Especially since we went there 2 days in a row) but after all the crazy nights of drinking... I had to get Pho. The service here is a bit slow and this is where they lose their one star. :(  But the egg rolls here deserves the rest of the stars!Pho here is pretty good. http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/iXb1PCDpvJI5y95O4Bob_A/l  Not the best ever, but it's pretty awesome.  Summer roll is VERY fresh.  Lots of basil and cilantro with shrimps that were pretty big and plump.  The egg rolls??? OMG.... I want to go back for some more egg rolls.  http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/4l3Um2jUW1lG7U82B-qMDw/l I don't really know what it is about the egg rolls here, but it was just so tasty.  SO good....Best cure for a hangover.  They have enough seats to seat 10+ ppl to a table.  Thanks Pho So 1 for your awesome awesome egg rolls!! :)
4	If you are craving for a decent Pho place in town then this is it. The broth is tasy and the noodles are chewy. This place is always packed. We always order extra onions on the side coz with a little lemon and pepper on top, they get pretty tasty. The perfect accompagnement for Pho. PS: They open pretty late as well.
4	One of the best Vietnamese Resto's here in Vegas, they only accept cash. Food is great and the price is great as well. Soso service but the food makes up for the not so good service.
4	I go here every time I go to Vegas and so do my friends.  It is filled with locals and Vietnamese having Pho at 9 in the morning!  We always get bar-b-q  with lettuce and we make wraps.  We really do not know what we are doing but the food is delicious and we often order sides and Pho.  I believe they take cash only (imagine that) for payment.  Go there and try it, I think you will like it very much!
3	this place is good. i like comming here for vietnamese bbq. they have the rice papers you dip in water and you can bbq meats and shrimps. Havn't found any place that serves that yet... bbq gets a 4.i had the pho here once... it wasnt bad... i would give that a 3.service here isnt bad, i give it a 3, but the main thing that is goood about this restaurant is the BBQ~!on big vegas weekends they dont serve bbq b/c it smokes up the restaurant too much and takes up too much time...they would rather serve more people and get them in and out than for people to take there time bbqing and smokin up the place...but i can't blame them... THATS BUSINESS! :)FINAL RATING 3 1/2
4	Pho So 1 has become one of my favorites for Vietnamese food in Vegas.  Our first visit, we stuck with the basics...* 10. Pho Dac Biet Xe Lua "Special Combo with Rare Slices of Steak, Well-Done Brisket, Flank, Tendon, and Tripe with Rice Noodle Soup" ($6.95) - A generous amount of food, one of the first times I ever had leftovers to take home from a regular order of pho.  * 40. Mi Bo Kho "Beef Stew with Egg Noodles" ($6.95) - The Husband was impressed with their version of one of his favorite dishes.Service was good too - tea comes out automatically, unlike some other restaurants we frequent and they are quick to take your order.  Food comes out promptly too.Within the past week, I've been back twice for this:* 85. Bo Tom Muc Nhung Dam "Beef, Shrimp and Squid dipped in Special Vinegar Sauce" ($25.95) - A platter of raw beef, shrimp, and squid and a pot of hot vinegar broth are presented before you, along with a plate of veggies (various greens, bean sprouts, cucumbers, and pickled daikon and carrots), a plate of rice noodles, rice paper, and a bowl of hot water.  For you first timers, you dip the rice paper in the hot water to get it soft, then you start to load it up with veggies, rice noodle and whatever you cooked up in the hot vinegary broth.  And of course, be sure to dip it in the tasty pineappley sauce thing they give you.  Oh so good!  It's another way for  me to enjoy hot pot - but Vietnamese-style!Last night we had this one:* 84B. Bo Tom Nhung Dam "Beef & Shrimp dipped in Special Vinegar Sauce" ($23.95) - Same thing, but without the squid.  I just love it because it's light, and you can ask for more veggies and rice paper if necessary.  That dipping sauce has a sweet and sour quick with a fruity twist and just good!* 89. Bo Luc Lac "Diced Beef Salad" ($9.50) - This was a semi-raw beef dish with lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, lettuce, limes, and peanuts.  Be sure to dip this in the fish sauce too for that extra tangy bite!  Yum!There are a bunch of other items in their Special Dishes section that I'm anxious to try.  It's a generous amount of food though, so it's better to go with a group of at least three.  (I think #s 84B and 85 are decent portions for a party of three, add some eggrolls if you're still hungry.)The first two times we went late at night, and they had a steady stream of customers.  But yesterday during dinnertime, it was packed!  They sure do get a lot of business here, from the Vietnamese community (always a good sign) and outside as well.  We did have to wave them down for more water, tea, extra condiments, etc.  But it was no big deal since it was busy.  Definitely one of my places to go for Vietnamese food beyond the basic pho.They are open late too!
4	The best pho in Las Vegas for sure! I wish that I knew about this place when I used to live here a few years ago. I would have came here at least once a week! They have a pretty extensive menu here and pretty much do everything from pho to 7 course beef. I give this place a solid 4 1/2 stars! I ordered a special combo pho which had all of the goodies as I usually do for pho. The broth was excellent! The noodles were cooked perfectly and the meat was great! We also ordered some appetizers as well. We ordered a side of egg rolls which were nice and tasty! We also ordered the special beef salad which was also really good as well!I am pretty sure that I will eat here again if I'm craving Vietnamese food out here!
2	Meh. Went here today with a friend to get rid of a pho craving that ive been having for a week. Interior: The dining area was dirty, and a bee was flying around our table so we switched spots. The saucers had crusty sauces on then and the tables were sticky. Tables were sticky. Food: i got the #10 combo pho. It was decent. The broth wasnt as tasty as id like, and the temperature wasnt as hot either. Id rate the pho 7/10. Ill give them credit for being the fastest pho preparers though. My pho came out in 1 min. Even faster then the side plate with mint, bean sprouts etc. Service: it was very fast and prompt. Server came out with water as soon as were seated. He was pretty friendly as well.Overall it was decent. I wont be back however. Ill stick to Pho Saigon 8 and Pho Kim Long (if i absolutely need pho past 11pm).
4	Well priced PhoParking lot, open late, quick service, fresh greens, cash/credit.
4	Extensive and authentic Vietnamese menu.  This is my 'go to' pho/Vietnamese place when I'm back home.  Good portions, great prices, prompt service. It could definitely use a deep cleaning, but I haven't gotten sick yet, *Knocks on Wood*.
4	This was the 1st stop off the plane for a quick bite.  Upon arriving, I knew it was a com tam type of day. I got the one with the broken rice w/ shredded pork skin, steamed egg cake and pork.  We also ordered the egg rolls.The eggroll order had 4 standard size pieces.  The great thing was that it came with a lot of vegatables.  Pickled carrots and daikon, cucumbers, herbs and lettuce for wrapping.  Nice and hot, filled with meat and extra crunchy, these were pretty damn good.The Com tam was good.  Big portions of everything. No complaints here.  The prices were not bad at all, $6.95 for the Com Tam and around 5 bucks for the egg roll order.
4	I have always been a fan of Pho So 1 because they have Vietnamese Barbecue! That is my favorite, just make sure you don't order bbq during your lunch hour because you will smell like it! And be sure that you have time to bbq and eat, since you are grilling the food.  I always order the combo with Beef, squid and shrimp! Oh my oh my it is so good especially with the pineapple sauce, which smells like fish sauce and is just a savory taste that makes you want more!!
4	I finally had the opportunity to try this place.  Everyone I've ever talked to about pho says that Pho So 1 has the absolute best.  Well, I honestly wasn't blown away by the pho, but I can see why it's a favorite.  If I'm ever in the area late at night, I now know where to go.  I would certainly choose this place over Pho Kim Long (although I will continue to mention that place because... well it's just funny).
3	One of the better Vietnamese pho restaurants in Las Vegas (out of the ones I tried anyway).  It is not the same as the really good ones in California, but Las Vegas is no Westminster either.Anyway, we come here fairly frequently for pho or their vermicelli or rice plates and they have always been good.  But one time I came here with a friend from Orange County, we we decided to try their Beef Stew with baguette, and it is the worst one I have ever had.  Instead of hearty and flavorful beef stew with chunky beef, it was chunks of beef served in the same pho broth that you get in regular bowls of pho.  Why bother to even have that on the menu when no attempt to make it properly was ever intended.  Either do it properly or drop it from the menu offering, instead of disappointing customers and risking losing repeat business.
4	I'd have to agree this IS one of THE BEST Viet joints in vegas!Everytime I go here, I always get the grill yourself beef...i believe it was only $17...they definitely give you more than your money's worth of beef.  My boyfriend & I shared this (he also ordered a bowl of pho)...and we barely finished half!  Not only is the beef alone worth the money...but the veggies are plentiful & fresh and they offer you TWO different dipping sauces!The wait staff is always friendly here....I asked if they could cook the remainder of our beef for us to take home.  They cooked it, and without me asking, they packed up extra bun (noodles), and the veggies and sauces to go as well.It's always busy, but never busy enough to where you'd have to wait to get seated...I recommend going here when you've got a viet food craving in vegas...skip the Asian Plaza with horrible parking/drivers, and just drive an extra minute west on Spring Mtn Road =)
3	i went to this place based on a suggestion of a friend, who lives in the Vegas. The food is fine, they sit you fast, but my family had a table for 4 when we were a group of five...
4	I have been to this place a few times, and I will def go back when I am in town. I took a couple buddies there to cure our hang overs with some pho and it totally hit the spot. We also ordered some spring rolls and egg rolls which were really nice. Unfortunately they weren't offering the grill that early in the day which was a let down. I highly recommend this place.
3	3.5 stars.Friendly service. Large restaurant. TONS of variety to choose from. Great prices. 5.95.Broth came with a LOT of cilantro and green onions. Veggie plate they give you is packed with really fresh stuff.Broth was okay. It wasn't the best I've had, but it was good. Broth also did not come out piping hot.
4	The concierge at the Venetian recommended this restaurant. The soup was very tasty, and the bean sprouts were all trimmed and everything! Inexpensive and very soothing after a night out ;)
4	One of the ways I pick a new restaurant to try is by looking at which one is bustling with people and has a full parking lot. This pho place, which I found on yelp first, fit the bill. I was impressed that the menu was in 4 languages! (English, Vietnamese, Chinese, and Korean) Got the pho dac biet xe lua (special combo) for 6.95 before tax.Not very clean + rude service = formula for great Asian food. My rule of thumb is, the ruder the service and the dirtier the place is, the better the food, and that's what I rate. ;)
4	This is a must whenever I visit Vegas. Lots of seating, extensive menu, and quick service.Pho always hits the spot.
4	It is still amazing to me that they can fit so much in that bowl! Tons of noodles, beef and veggies. I got the combo pho...didn't finish it as usual.The broth is really good and it's got all the little oil circles happily floating around, this stuff is the real deal.I'm gonna echo a few of the previous reviews and say that the temperature of the broth wasn't as hot as it should have been, but that's really my only complaint.Given the option of pho so 1 or kim long I would probably head here first, just for the quality of the pho. (Translation: if you are a tourist pay your taxi man for the extra half mile)Ambiance is a whole other story, but who the hell is gonna take a date to pho anyway?
4	We came here twice in the span of 4 days...  quite tasty and decently priced.  Sunday lunch was not too full but on Tuesday at noon- the place was packed!  We tried the pork chop combo plate, spring rolls, chicken with rice, and pork and shrimp udon bowl.    Everyone enjoyed the food including the kids.  The broth for my udon bowl was so good- never thought I'd be eating udon noodles in a pho place but just goes to show- anything goes in Vegas!  The service was meh... but as long as the food is good- we'll be back!
4	This place is the best Vietnamese restaurant that I have found so far in Vegas. For only being in Vegas for a few days for a mini vacation, we managed to came back for 5 times during our 3 days trip. I truly recommend this restaurant for anyone who wish to eat authentic Vietnamese food while on a vacation. This is a better place to eat than to eat at one of those 24 hrs Vietnamese restaurant. I will definitely go back when visiting Vegas.
2	came here since the crawfish place across the street was not gonna have the crawfish ready for another hour. decided to try the bun rieu and spring rolls and a cafe sua da.the spring roll sauce was watery which ruins the whole thing cause spring rolls rely on the sauce to make them taste good. the bun rieu was not that great, more like a light tomato soup. prob gonna have to go back to give the pho a try. service was nice. coffee was cool.
5	Awesome Pho, Egg rolls & service'
5	HANDS DOWN! my FAVORITE pho restaurant in town. Foods are fresh and delicious and is brought out to you quick.
4	the pho is good and the bun bo hue is decent. they even have pho ap chao- personally, i like the beef one, the combination just wasn't workin for me. tell them to go easy on the sauce or see if you can get it on the side so the noodles can stay crispy. do not bother with any fried rice dish.
4	This place is So Pho-king good.  [See what I did, there? ;-) ]But, really, this place serves some mighty tasty food.  The hubby and found this place through yelp (!) and it was our very first stop once we picked up the car rental.  It's located in a nondescript shopping plaza, and if it weren't for our trusty tomtom we could have very well given up.  Parking is plentiful and the location is centrally located.  Upon entering, we were greeted promptly and led to a table by the window.  The menu  is fairly extensive, but all we really wanted was some soup + egg rolls.  I ordered beef and he ordered seafood pho.  The egg rolls are served on a bed of lettuce and huge amounts of carrots and daikon.  Oh, I love daikon.  Really refreshing and cut out the oily feeling you get from the rolls.  The beef pho was on point, but I thought the seafood was just meh (though my hubby enjoyed it).  Portion sizes are huge and filling with noodles and broth.  Definitely a great way cleanse your system - before AND after your trip.  And after a week in Vegas, you're soooo gonna need it.
4	The portions are huge!! We got the pho combo meat on the outside. A plus was that the plate of veggies the bean sprouts were plucked!! =) Nice! The broth was heavenly rich and beef. The only complaint was that my hubby's bowl of soup was luke warm. His meat didn't even cook. I had to ask for an extra bowl of soup. Other than that a great place for pho..yes will come again. If his soup was hot they would have gotten a 5 stars!!
4	Oh well, I dont know what to say, this place is famous for pho, and compared to other Pho restaurant, pho so 1 tastes okay, I don't expect much from any Vietnamese restaurant in Las vegas though, the beef dish cost 25$ is good, ( 7 beef dish courses), remember, u live in Las vegas, not Orange county or Sanjose where all the good vietnamese restaurant located
5	I'm from Los Angeles and there are 2 of these restaurants by where I live.When I'm in Vegas and I get a craving for pho, this is the ONLY place to go!  Not being a local, it was a little hard to find, but well worth it!Egg rolls - always served piping hot and crunchy!Pho - I can't say enough good things about it!  It's an experience you have to go here for because delicious, addictive and perfect doesn't even begin to cover it!Good value, wonderful food and it'll have you coming back for more!
4	Not as good as pho kim long, comparable, though. Better than Siagon 8.Good if you're trying to mix things up.Feels like a cafeteria, close seating to other people. Pretty busy, and fast service.
4	My wife and I found this through a recommendation of a local.  Looking to find a cheap and good lunch away from the strip, this hit the spot.  We both had a bowl of pho.  The broth was very good and not too salty.  We also had the fried egg rolls, which were also very good.  All in all, if you're looking for pho off the strip, this is the place to go to.
3	After reading the reviews on this place I thought it was going to be better than all the other pho places in vegas but it was just ok.I ordered pho tai sach (rare beef and tripe) w/my beef on the side. It came out quick, just a few minutes after I ordered. The bowl was small. They did however give more beef than any of the other pho places. The soup tasted good, but it was warm. Since the soup was not steaming hot, I had to dump all the beef in the bowl right away which i usually don't do.
2	This place is dirty, the floor is sticky, and I'm not a fan of leaving a restaurant and having the smell of the place penetrate through my clothes, hair and skin.  Yuck. But I will be honest, I'm not a fan of "hole in the wall" places, like my brother-in-law who says the dirtier the place, the better the food.  So the food may be decent or even good as other reviewers have written, but I just can't get past the interior.
5	By far my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Vegas.  Great food, great prices, and they're open late.  My personal favorite is their rice vermicelli bowls, and they're always accommodating to my customized request of beef & shrimp combo, which isn't on the menu, but it never seems to be a problem.  Plus their beef is so thinly sliced, just the way I like it.  So if you're looking for good eats, especially late night, do yourself a favor & check these guys out...
4	This place is consistently good, they broth isn't fatty or salty.I like their tableside grilling and they have the best damn spring rolls I have ever tried.The service is good if you can catch the waiters attention (good Luck)That's the only reason they get four instead of five.I hate waiting to get things I need like extra lime.My food is getting cold and I need that extra lime in their asap!
3	I thought the night we came the pho was pretty good. It was the better broth I've tried so far...close to my ideal balance. I was happy and impressed and happy to gulp it all up. The rice plate was generous and the spice on the pork was delicious and perfect and their fish sauce was nicely blended actually.  So why just 3 and not a 4? When we came in, we stood there for like 5 minutes until I decided not to be stupid and sit down....we didn't get noticed to be given a menu for a while. Service was fast after that, then again when we needed the check, we were held hostage a bit. The other was the strong smokey smell. Though it is delicious to smell the BBQ and salivate thinking of whats coming soon, I don't want to leave smelling like a meal. It was a visible smoke cloud as well so it bothered the BF. Seriously, the dogs loved on us coming home and had an expression while smelling us, "so where is the meat?" Coming back, but not when I have somewhere to be...I'm concerned about the smoke/smell. I do enjoy the food, so til then, stay Phobulous.
5	I come here all the time, its the best Pho here in Vegas, the staff already knows what I want once I walk through those doors. The interior isn't the nicest, and on some nights, the service might be slacking, but it is always busy. You get water and Jasmine Tea with every visit of no extra charge, nice bonus!! When I dine in, my family usually orders one order of the Spring Roll (which is deep fried, and served to you with lettuce, pickled carrots and Daikon, cucumbers and their special Sauce), one order of the Summer Rolls (which is the fresh rolls of shrimp, pork, sprouts, pho noodle, and lettuce wrapped in Rice Paper and served with a peanut sauce). I order the #10 Pho Dac Biet Xe Lua (Combination of Rare Flank, Brisket, Well-done Flank, Tripe and Tendon). The prices are reasonable. Parking is no problem and the staff is friendly. They do accept cash and credit. The best part is they are open till 3a.
5	My go-to Pho place. I've been going here since I was a kid. It's really convenient when you want your pho fix especially when you're getting off work at 1 AM. They have really good hours.. I think they close at 3 AM. It's quick and tasty. I've gotten the pho, rice plates and even griddle. I recommend if you're looking for something casual, quick and cheap. Definitely a great place to meet with friends.
4	This pho really hits the spot.For my boyfriend specifically, we drive all the way from Henderson to eat here.  There's a large population of Laotians in the area and it helps him feel at home when he can understand what people are saying.  If the local Laos eat here... I will too.Last time we got a chicken and rice dish with lemongrass (I know that's pretty vague).  It was good, more lemongrassy than I prefer, but again, it brought my boyfriend back and that's all the reason for me to like this place.
3	This place could easily be a 4 or maybe even a 5 with some better service. I'm Vietnamese so I know service in Viet joints is generally bad to fair but this place is really popular and they just can't keep up on busy times. That having been said the food is really, really good. The pho is solid but you go here for the nuong vi which is beef shrimp or squid marinated in lemongrass then cooked at your table.
1	Very average food.  Very unfriendly staff.Bo Luc Lac was overcooked.Should be called Pho-So-So.....get it?  Because the food is just, so so....Muahahaha.....
4	best place in town for pho, the plate 89 beef and salad is really good... I wish the staff can speak English, the place smell is not so good...
3	Got the Bun Bo Hue and an iced coffee here.  Had to stay this is a pretty vanilla pho house.  There's nothing about this place that stands out.  The service is decent, the pho comes out hot, and the prices are reasonable.  The biggest thing i noticed was how small the X-Large bowl of pho was.  I thought it was going to be beastly in size, but unfortunately, it was pretty manageable.  If you're staying on the strip and you want pho, i would recommend trying this place.  It's across the street from Hot N Juicy Crawfish which was featured on Man vs. Food.
4	The 1st day in Vegas and this was the 1st place a local friend recommended. We were in the mood for some Pho, and this placed delivered. We started off with Thai Iced Teas and Fresh Spring Rolls. They were fresh with Shrimp and Mint leaves with a Peanut dipping sauce. I was also in the mood for some Pho, so I ordered a #16 Pho Soup with Meatballs. Everyone else got Pho with extra Tendons and Tripe soups. My Wifey raved about the Lemongrass Chicken with Rice. The Servers were very busy, but took care of us efficiently. Good place and Good food at reasonable prices. We will be back for more Pho when we are in the area again.
3	HATE  The trash on the floor.DISLIKE  The waiter didn't come up to me for about 5 minutes until I flagged him down.  The setup (either rearrange tables to separate parties or force everyone to share tables).LIKE  The broth in the pho. The mint leaves (I get really picky about how they look). The white meat chicken noodle soup.LOVE  The meat and seafood combo with vegetables.
1	A COCKROACH fell from the ceiling onto my plate as my companion and I sat there chatting after our meal!!!  I'm a regular diner here having lived in Vegas for over 2yrs.  Usually I get the Bun Bo Hue (one of the best place in town for it) or the generous portions of Tai Nam. No matter how good the food taste, I am NEVER going back.  Definitely will call and notify the city's health department tomorrow.
1	Food was ok.  Their pho is good but served in plastic bowl, what a turn off.  Their shaking beef was dry and no taste.  It was a busy night but there should be no excuses, here.  They have some hispanic server who only know what being taught to them about the Vietnamese language and English.  There was a language barrier that I feel for the guests there with these hispanic servers in a Vietnamese restaurant.  I was charged a gratuity of 15% with 5 guests or more.  The lady cashier didn't want to give me the receipt for some reason, doubt!  She gave me short in change and didn't care to handle the transaction.  If I knew I would not put extra tips on the table.  The server was a nice guy with so much to do.  Free iced tea refill but he never came back to check on us.  How can a restaurant with a least 120 guests dined in with only 2 true servers to handle!  I would not not here again to this Mom and Pop restaurant.
4	Let's face it in Vegas, all the Asian restaurants no matter how pretty the interior may be...the food is overpriced garbage that is barely better than Panda Express.  So really when you're on the strip all you're left with is American and European food, and after tons of heavy drinking that kind of food may not sit so well anymore. Honestly nothing cures a night of heavy drinking like a big bowl of Pho.When I get Pho in Vegas, I love to hit up Pho So 1. It's got a pretty funny name, not quite Pho Kim Long, but usually places with funny names tend to have sh*tty food. But this place is an exception. The prices are pretty standard for Pho places, but it also is dirt cheap in comparison to things on the strip. About $6-8 for a bowl of pho. I like to order the large #1. When I first got it honestly I thought the bowl was tiny. I was so used to getting the bowls that were more like buckets at other Pho places.But don't let the bowl size fool you. Unlike the other Pho places. Pho So 1 actually jam packs their pho bowls with noodles, meat, and condiments.  Where as the other Pho places may give you a gigantic bowl, but honestly it's all broth. I have a huge appetite and I typically leave Pho So 1 stuffed. I highly recommend their Pho. It's not as good as Grandma's, but it's definitely delicious. I also highly recommend their Cha Gio (deep fried lumpia). It's also quite good and they serve it right with the lettuce, noodles, etc. Although their dipping sauce is a bit different.Anyway, if you have a cheap way to get off the strip. I highly recommend hitting up Pho So 1.~Gp.s. Keep in mind service is standard with most Vietnamese restaurants which means a little rude.
4	This is my "go-to" spot. I normally order pho Bo vien large extra meatball and a large tsingtao. I like the larger sizes of meatballs they use and the broth is pretty delicious. This place is usually good on getting your pho to you in a timely manner, but the the same could be said with most pho places since it's not that difficult to prepare. I have yet to venture from my usual but when I do, I shall review it.
5	For years, this has been my favorite Vietnamese restaurant to get bun (vermicelli). I've tried others (about four other Vietnamese restaurants) but no other place comes close. My favorite is the Bun Tom Cha Gio- the charbroiled shrimp and eggroll combination. I love all the crunchy veggies and the extra sauce to mix it all in. It's perfect. It's my favorite place for Bun. When I worked in the area, I'd order it for lunch, and people in the break room would say, "Ooh, that looks good." Yeah, and I couldn't wait to dig in!Recently added debit/charge cards as form of payment- used to be strictly cash only. This is a popular restaurant so expect crowds. Service is usually pretty good. The bus boys are pretty quick when patrons leave.
1	Service Sucked.Food Sucked (Pho broth was loaded with MSG and barely any other seasoning..it was like chicken broth + msg, chicken was dry, rice was funny tasting, and the Cha (meat cake) tasted GROSS.)You even failed to get our order right even after 3 different people at our table repeated it. FAIL
4	Im a san gabriel valley LA resident, so ive had a ton of pho places.. this place is on par with a good one from home. Prices are fair, portions are good, lots of MEAT in the pho, goodsize rice plates as well.i recommend this to anyone craving this type of food. they're open till 3am or later i think.. 2 thumbs up..i almost forgot, i had their fried eggrolls, they were good in size, came with greens to wrap/eat with them.. they were wrapped just tight enough, and were packed with a good filling. they came SUPER HOT(which is a plus)
3	Of course going to Vegas with my Vietnamese family meant getting our pho fix on at least once in Vegas during our stay, this time, it was on our way out from Vegas. This is one of the better pho restaurants in Vegas, they have everything on their menu and reasonably priced too! Their service is kinda sucky, but I guess that's understandable since this place is packed all hours of the day until closing. I guess this place is the place to be when you need your pho fix. Obviously they're not as good as what you can find in your mom's kitchen or possibly out in Bolsa but its decently priced and tastes good enough. This is obviously a come-back place. duh. lol.
4	PHO SO 1We went here for lunch a few weeks ago to get off the strip for a change, this place was good switch, My wife had Noodle with BBQ pork and shrimp & I had the BBQ beef with salad other people at our table had noodle soup everything smelt so good looked good taste good and was good, a delightful meal all around, in particular I liked the service as they actually checked on you periodically to get more soda, tea, water, napkins ect...Coming from the bay area I am so use to being ignored after the food is served so this really made me feel good to see how the lunch was progressing with great service. Price is very reasonable each dish was under $9.00 if I am not mistaken. You can tell that this is a local establishment with most of the patrons I would assume living or working in the area, another thing is the place has lots of seating with great air-conditioning, I think it was 115 degrees that day but when we stepped in to the restaurant it was a nice cool 70.Yeah Good Job!If your in the area this is good pit stop for lunch or even dinner,,,,,,
4	This was the first time I've tried Pho. A coworker suggest it and it was AMAZING. The beef was great, the broth was delicious. I accidentally made mine a bit too spicy, but I dealt with it. The prices were great, $5.95 for a bowl of Flank and Brisket Rice Noodle Pho. You cant beat that. The garnishes, consisting of Thai basil, lime, and sprouts, are fresh and crisp. The service was very fast and friendly. I will definitely come back and try the other items on the menu.
4	We literally went from airport to Pho So1, the parents came in from SF and I knew they would be hungry.  My man is on a "eating healthy" kick so he knew my old Asian parents would be just fine with going there.  My dad and I were doing the Tom/Bo Nuong Vi ( shrimp/beef we grill at table and roll ourselves), my man had pho tai ( rare beef pho) and the kids all had pho with no meat.My mom (being vietnamese/chinese) was SO picky cause you know how old school asian moms are- nothing is as good as theirs. So she finally settled on the banh xeo (crepe like thing with shrimp, bean sprouts, fried and served with herbs and nuoc mam).  I think she complained the whole time that it was a little hard- not as soft as how she's had it in SF...okay mom, but you finished the dish...so it wasn't that bad?My dad and I thoroughly enjoyed our dish- with the shrimp paste dipping sauce.  I think that's the best part of the dish!!  Yes, yes, I am SO asian cause that dip makes you stink SO bad, but is oh SO good!  Anyhow, they bring out all the condiments to our dish- lettuce, assortment of herbs, rice paper and vermicelli noodles.  We grill up all the shrimp and beef and roll away...YUM! Word of advice, don't cook the beef too long or it becomes really tough..We also ordered a beef carpaccio dish (Bo Tai Chanh) that was really good, the beef was so tender. The place wasn't too busy when we arrived at 7:30pm but next thing you know, it filled up.  It seemed like a lot of people ordered the shrimp/beef dish that we had, but how can you not when first thing you see is people grilling meat at the table when you walk in?Overall it was a good night.  Service was decent, better then most Vietnamese places, all you had to do was wave to someone at the counter and they were right over.Oh- and unlike some places on Spring Mountain, they DO take credit cards...I mean honestly I never have cash on me and its always a pain to stop and get cash...
1	The eggrolls (#1) and their pho broth are tasty. I was able to use my Spanish to order a bit more effectively, ordering number by number in spanish rather than having to point or hoping that the server that we had would understand what it was that I was asking for. The service SUCKS @$$! A small group of 4 and 1 person didn't get their order at all. We asked about their bowl of pho over 5 times. They didn't get his food to our table until everyone else was done. A group of 8, I can understand that we had a slightly larger group. But, why we didn't get 4 items that we ordered, had to request water refills from more than 4 servers, and still didn't get everything we asked for. . . I have NO clue. How does this happen in 2 visits, in 2 days. Walter and I came out here to eat with some friends. They screwed up our orders the first time we went there. We cut them some slack and visited again a 2nd time, this time with our group of 4. They still messed up our orders and tried then to charge us for extra items that we never ordered or received. HORRIBLE. food = tastyservice = horrible NO GOOD! NO BUENO! Slightly pricey, in comparison to what we're used to at our usual spot in LA.
3	The broth wasn't so flavorful today.....Still, it was good and I had a generous amount of meat and noodle in my bowl. Other than basil, they also had other savory herbs to put in the soup which was a plus for me since not many places offer it. Had three color dessert. Good, but a few other restaurants I prefer because here they put ice cubes, others have shaved ice. A-OK.
4	This place was open at 1 am. That helps since a lot of other places close down. The menu is pretty standard but there are a lot of items to list and sometimes the server is standing in your back pocket waiting on you to make a choice. I literally was handed a menu, she went and got me a glass of water from 10 feet away and then looked at me, waiting.. Feeling the pressure I wilted and ordered the Pho special.  But just as fast, she was sneaking up behind me dropping of my meal. It was warm, pretty tasty, and very filling.  I enjoyed it and would come again, although I might run away from the waitress so I can have more time to scan the full menu.  I'll be back although I have to try the other Pho around the Mountain.
3	This was our first foray into Vietnamese food since moving to LV.  What can I say?  It wasn't bad.  But it wasn't anything to write home about.  If I could I'd give it a 2.5.  I decided to round up for now.  We tried pho, bun, and spring rolls.  We liked the spring rolls (though the sauce was a bit watery and too salty).  The bun (vermicelli) was pretty good.  The pork was nicely seasoned but they skimped on the shrimp.  The pho broth felt a little light...could've been more flavorful.  But the worst part?  It left both my husband and me feeling dehydrated and with dry mouths.  Sure signs of MSG overdose.  Yuck-O!  :(
4	Service can be slow. I suggest if you pho regular just order when u sit down. Other than that the pho is sooo worth the wait. The broth is still rich and tasty as ever. Still give u lotsa meat!!
3	Pho So 1 was a pho so disappointing. This was my second time coming here and you would think that with a line out the door the food would be spectacular. This is the bf's favorite joint for some pho. This was my second time coming here and after the first time I thought it was good. However, I was extremely disappointed with the quality of pho. I ordered the usual pho tai. The broth was watered down....it didn't even have any beef flavor! There was a flavor to it that tasted funny. On a positive note, the egg rolls were good. They are larger than most places. This place is semi clean and the service is what you can expect from a busy place like this. Overall, it is just ok.....
4	After a crazy weekend in Las Vegas who wouldn't want inexpensive and homey food before the traffic-filled drive home? I didn't even know Las Vegas had an Asian Town in it until my Viet boyfriend took me last weekend. He had the "Special" Pho and I had the Bun with Pork and Shrimp. We also shared the egg rolls and for beverages he had Ca Phe and I had the Plum Soda. Everything was really yummy- especially the egg rolls. I would recommend going with a vietnamese or spanish speaking person because the servers speak mostly those languages. Also, word of advice, go BEFORE 11am. After 11 the restaurant is packed with people that just checked out of their hotels. We have to go back and explore a lil more around Asian town :)
1	Possibly the worst Vietnamese restaurant I've tried in Vegas. First, it's kind of confusing when you just walk in because they have no stand that you walk up to to get seated. We just walked in and waited until someone saw us and sat us. They sat us at this weird booth in the corner that had one full seat and one half seat, so instead of seating 4 it only sat 3. Since we always sit side by side, we sat on the full seat which faced the wall. It took about 15 minutes for someone to come take our order. I'm guessing it's because our seats didn't face anything but the wall. We ordered egg rolls, pho, and a rice plate. The pho came first, then the plate, THEN the egg rolls (which were listed under the appetizers).I had to pour so much sauce into my pho just to give it some slight flavor. The beef and pork rice plate was pretty bad. The rice was very crumbly, like it didn't have enough water and the pork was not appetizing at all. The only dish we actually liked were the egg rolls. Throughout our entire hour and 15 minute dining, we only got our water filled twice. Once when they just gave them to us and the second time when we asked for the bill and he asked if we wanted water. The service here was very bad. We were never payed attention too and the waiter was never friendly. We were seriously sitting there waiting for our water to to be refilled for about 45 minutes. Then when the guy finally came and we asked him for the bill, he took 10 minutes to bring it. Then some other guy who wasn't even our server came and took our card. After that we waited another 10 minutes just to get it back.Yes the food was really cheap, it was only 18 bucks for the both of us, but the service was just unbearable. We won't be coming back.
3	Let me preface my review by saying this:  I learned to make pho broth in culinary school, so my first introduction to this broth spoiled me on the rest.  However, I'm in Vegas on vacation and am coming down with a cold, so any pho is good pho.Appearance: we had breakfast at Pho So 1 at around 9:30 on a Tuesday morning.  Jadira is right, there is no host station when you walk in, so you just walk in there and stand confused until someone sees you and ushers you to a seat.  We were seated within 90 seconds, though.  This place is nice and clean, and everyone there was pleasant.The service: prompt, English-speaking (for the most part), and our egg rolls came out at the same time as our soups.  Unlike most restaurants, we were never bothered once our food was delivered.  That was ok with me - I would have been happy to flag someone down if we needed anything more, and it's awkward trying to talk with a mouthful of noodles and broth running down your chin.  Besides, they really give you all the condiments and complements you need before you get your meal.  The food: nice and hot.  We shared an eggroll appetizer, my husband had pho with flank and brisket, and I had pho with beef balls.  The balls were tasty, but I wasn't crazy about their texture.  The flank and brisket, along with the eggrolls, were great, with a good ratio of meat to fat.  The noodles had a good texture, and there were plenty of them.  Great big plate full of basil, sprouts, jalapenos, and lime just in case.My complaint: The hardest thing to get just right, at least for me, is the broth.  Having been spoiled by my textbook broth, I like for it to be dark in color from onion and ginger brulee, and for it to have a strong aroma of beef balanced with the sachet spices.  Pho So 1 had only the latter - very aromatic but almost as light and clear as water.  Bottom line: we're still looking for that perfect bowl of pho here in town, but you could do lots worse than Pho So 1.
4	This is the best Pho I've had in Las Vegas.  In southern California, Pho restaurants are as common as McDonald's and Starbucks, and even those who grow up not being Vietnamese become addicted to Pho.  Being from southern California, I had to find myself a great Pho restaurant when I moved to Vegas.  I have tried practically every place between my house and Chinatown, and can say that Pho So 1 is the best I've had.  The flavor of the broth is what differentiates a great Pho from an average Pho.  Meaty, spiced, aromatic, and palate-covering are the characteristics of a great Pho.  Pho So 1 has all of this going on in their bowl of Pho.  The broth is meaty and has aromatics even before adding the fresh herbs.  The aromatics seem to come in the form of Star Anise, or Chinese Five Spice, or something of that nature.  Whatever it is, it's great. I like to tear up all my herbs, and add them in to stir them around to create a smell that will likely make you roll your eyes at how awesome it smells.  You know that feeling you get when you smell the food your Grandma used to make?  While nothing can truly compete with the smell of Grandma's Bagna Cauda, this aromatic smell of Pho is as close as it can get.  I usually get a Thai Iced Tea along with the Pho, maybe even some Spring Rolls.  Both are very good, and I would highly suggest them.  Overall, Pho So 1 is a favorite of mine, and I can't wait to get my next bowl of Pho!
4	After having their food 40 times in the past two years, this is, without a doubt, the best Pho in Vegas.Talk about consistency.  This place has it. Amazing!
4	I enjoyed my first Pho experience but what i fell head over heals for was the vermicelli bowls. I had the bowl with the grilled pork and eggrolls in it. it is full of flavors from the pork and eggrolls and the plentiful mix of veggies in the dish. The serve it with a side of fish sauce which i love to combine into the dish.The service was impressive. When walking in we looked around for seats and someone came to sit us right away.The first time I was here i was talking to the server asking about different dishes and he knew I was a newbee to PHO. He broght out one order and made two full bowls for me and my friend. Can't wait to go back!!
4	Grilled marinated seafood and beef was good
4	Whether the weather is cold or hot, nothing can bring me to bliss than having hot hot tea and hot hot soup. This place just fills that void of my favorite things...hot tea & hot soup.It may be a small, un-fancy restaurant but I can't stop not going to this place! This restaurant is always full of diners. It is well-lit at night and with windows to bring in day light. I always get a seating to a good table, although there may be a few seconds or minutes to wait. But immediately upon sitting and browsing at the Vietnamese menu, complete with Vietnamese language and figures, I would request hot tea first. Hot Hot Vietnamese tea (yes, it is very hot in a tall glass, so be careful..sip it first, don't drink from the glass fast) is served prior to my meals which I enjoy sipping with squeeze of juice from lemon...my senses goes in relax mode! A cordial smiling food staff would take my order in just the way I like it. I always order #35 which is "Hu Tieu Hau Vi" (Seafood with Rice or Clear Glass Noodle Soup with or without Soup) with a little addition that I like: chicken, clear glass noodles and with soup (see my photo). I always experience good, timely service. The soup is served hot!!, in a huge bowl complete with a heaping platter of green vegetables, lemon, bean sprouts, basil, mint & green peppers...i like that!, which I place on the soup as soon as it is served. I leave it there for a few minutes to "heat up".  In no time at all, this soup is "devoured"... I can get a little "greedy"-looking as I dig into the soup and have the greatest enjoyment of it. In between my meal, I usually get refills of the tea...wow, because I like their hot tea! The order of Tea is included in the meal that is ordered at no charge. It is so ample to know that at a reasonable price of $7.50 + tax it is a just rightfully sweet $10 altogether, whataaah meal! Other favorites of mine I like to order from time to time are:#1 "Cha Gio" (Authentic Vietnamese Egg Rolls) which is wrapped in fresh rice wrapper = $5.25..I love biting into each with a brown dipping sauce,#10 "Pho Dac Biet Xe Wa" (Special combination of well-done brisket, rare slices of steak, tripe & flank tendon with rice noodle soup) = $6.95...the portions of meat are cut large,#21 "Pho Rau Thap Cam" (is Vegetables combination with Rice Noodles Soup) =$5.95...ordered on days I want my vegetarian fix,#65 "Com Bi Cha Suon Nuong" (Shredded Pork Skin, Egg Loaf, Charboiled Pork Chop with Steamed Rice) = $6.95...one of my favorite rice entree,#87 "Bi Nuong La Lot" (Beef wrapped in Hawaiian Lot Leaf) =$9.50..quite delicious,#90 "Banh Xeo" (Pan-Fried Cake with Pork & Shrimp) = $7.95...awesome taste,#8 "Ca Phe Phin Sua (Nong Hay Da)" is a french style hot or cold filtered coffee with condensed milk...this, i like sooo much, the blend of sweetness and bitterness is mouthwatering =$2.95,.They also serve beer but "33" is the Vietnamese Beer you ought to try =$2.95.The smell of barbecue in the air will fill your nostrils from other diners' choice of Special Dish called "Dac Biet". If you order this,it is to be cooked by you on the table, on a Griddle. This is is an array of meats or seafood on a platter as your choice from the menu listed as #80-#81 with a price ranging from$18.95 - $25.95. Especially a great choice for 2 or more dining companions.This is my go-to place eventhough early morning hours, especially it is open Seven Days A Week from 9:00 a.m. to 3 a.m. Restaurant can also be found in Van Nuys, CA and Reseda, CA. Website is http://www.phoso1.netI don't speak Vietnamese nor am I Vietnamese. My father (who's not Vietnamese either) lived and worked in Saigon & Danang,Vietnam because of his American employment there as a Civil Engineer when I was a child. I must have acquired the love for Vietnamese soup. But I learned from a food staff that "Pho So 1" translates to Beef Soup Number 1. To me, this restaurant is a #1.
3	Service is very quick and attentive. The food is okay. Pho is pretty good, especially considering the area. Probably wayyyyy too much MSG, but that is to be expected. Good sized portions. I was very happy with the varied menu. They offer vermicelli, bun bo hue, bun rieu, rice plates, banh hoi, mi, hu tieu, including various appetizers. However, I woudln't recommend the Hu Tieu kho (I don't know about the soup one). I didn't like it very much. The clear noodles were flat instead of round, but that wasn't the only reason I wasn't very satisfied. They didn't have some sort of sauce and that chili oil thingy (like at Da Lat). Okay pho fix after a night of drinking and/or pill popping. = )
3	the bun bo hue was really good! the broth was spicy and delicious! all i needed to add was lime and it was perfect! The meat was tender and oh so yummy in my tummy. i also tried the bun rieu which was not that great. it was very oily and there was so much tomatoes that that was all i tasted. the soy bean drink was very refreshing :) the price wasnt that bad at all.
5	Pho So 1 is thespot!! If you want some good pho this the right place.This a happening spot and gets busy real fast during peak dinner hours and weekends however its worth the wait!! the staff takes care of you right away!!
4	After midnight on a wednesday, a rare miracle occurred and my boyfriend agreed to indulge my noodle soup craving! After we shared a lackluster pho experience in Seattle, he's always resisted any mention of brothy noodles. Upon arriving, the restaurant had several occupied tables. My order was promptly handled and I was offered a complimentary hot tea while I waited. The tea was steaming when it came out, but had the tiny residuals of ice floating in it- a considerate touch since I wouldn't be staying long enough for the tea to cool in the glass on it's own. I enjoyed the tea, it was flavorful, very refreshing and a nice precursor to the meal.  I ordered the #10 for myself and the #12 for the boy. My meal came with gelatinous chunks of meat, shredded tripe, brisket and rare steak as well as chopped green onion and raw onion. I really enjoyed the textural variety that the different meats contributed to the meal; the shredded tripe was something I found surprisingly pleasing. The only negative is that the gelatinous pieces were so rich, I doubt I'd be able to have this same dish too often. His had a lot of shredded brisket and some rare steak, as well as the green and raw onion. The noodles and toppings came in a container to themselves, with the broth and additional raw vegetables in separate packages. The vegetables were a huge portion- tons of bean sprouts, lots of fresh herbs [basil and others that I didn't recognize] and chopped jalapeno and lime quarters. There were also several containers of sauce. It was all wrapped up well and stayed hot during the cross-town drive home. I appreciated that the steak was pretty much raw when I got it, so that we could pour the hot broth over it and let it cook in the soup. The meat is more tender that way. The broth had a nice spice level without being obnoxious, was just salty enough and worked really well with a fresh squeeze of lime on top. In fact, the broth was flavorful enough  that J finished most of his which is exceedingly rare to see. Early into the bowl he said that he'd be willing to have their pho again, so I am VERY happy! More noodle soups for me! Pho so 1 has converted a pho-phobe. And the generous portion of vegetables and different herbs makes it feel virtuous enough to have instead of burritos, so I can justify eating here again soon. The hours are perfect for me as I often work pretty late. I chose this place because they aren't open 24 hours; I just can't help but think maybe their chefs are happier or something.  Their iced coffee with condensed milk is strong and has a unique taste to it. It reminded me of custard with a strong coffee punch. When I recieved my order, the server laughed and asked if I was going to be partying all night. The cup had a lot of ice and the actual amount of coffee ended up being rather small, but that's probably a good thing considering the time of night I was having it. Yay, Pho So 1,  you are #1 Pho sho!
5	I found my favorite pho restaurant!!  Too bad it's 9 hours away in Vegas. =/Never would I have thought to find pho in Vegas (& without a hangover) but the people that I roadtripped with were pretty Asian, lol.  We ventured to the Chinatown of Vegas that I never knew existed.  Based on Yelp reviews read on an iPhone, we chose Pho So 1, and boy am I glad we did.  Being early in the morning around 11am, we decided to share 2 large bowls of pho, 2 people per bowl.  It was plenty for each person and surprisingly one person had way too much meat than she could finish!  The meat seemed never ending which is definitely a plus in my book.  I usually order rare steak only, but this #12 included some brisket and other stuff.  To my surprise, I enjoyed all those (weird) parts of meat!The utensils were very Japanese looking but new and clean relative to other Vietnamese restaurants.  Even their bathrooms weren't too shabby!Later that night, after not eating dinner before the club scene, we decided to come back at 2AM. Lucky for us they are open 5am-3am!  Awesomeness.
3	My friends and I usually head to this place to get our pho.Service is okay. Sometimes they get to us in a timely manner and other times I just want to throw something at them just to get their attention.I usually order #11 and it's pretty good. I guess since I don't think I've really had any amazing pho that it's hard to compare or judge.I do quite like the noodles so that's good enough for me. I don't really wanna try the other things on the menu because it sounds like a risky choice, but eh, we'll see.
5	If I had to guess.... I've probably been to over 40+ Pho Restaurants in my life. I've been to Pho restaurants in San Jose, Little Saigon, all over LA and Houston and yet this is by far one of my favorite restaurants!! The taste is awesome (not too much MSG) and the restaurant itself is very clean and comfortable (for Pho restaurant standards).
4	One of the "oldest" pho restaurants in town. Believed to have been here probably around 20 years or so. I moved to Las Vegas in Dec 1993. I've always remembered it being there since i moved here, and thats a minimum of 16 years. This restaurant is a popular favorite when it comes to vietnamese food. Wide selection of different foods on their menu listing to almost 100 items like pho, bun, com... appetizers like spring rolls and cha gio (viet style egg rolls) Service is pretty decent. The owner (or owner's son? whoever it may be... young mid aged maybe high 20s guy) is really nice. One of my favorite few things to order is the #10 which is the special pho with combination of beef... good sized bowl for a large. decent amount of noodles and meat. usually comes out pretty fast and hot. a fav during the year, esp during the cold times to warm up ! another one is #54? which is the bun thit nuong cha gio... rice vermicelli noodles with viet egg rolls and barbequed pork on top of greens and eaten with their mixture of fish sauce ! one i like to order over the summer or when its hot... nice cold noodle (no soup base)one other favorite i order a lot is Bun Rieu... its a special soup based noodle soup that uses tomato as a base for soup and crab meat... also have a few cubes of cooked pork blood as well... very tasty.. takes a while to make compared to #10 or #54 but its worth the wait... most of the soup is usually gone by the time i finish this =]popular place for pho by many people of different ages... open late to like i believe 2am? busy during prime hours. one little con is they dont have a really good air ventilation system... sometimes can be a little hot or stuffy or have a little KBBQ feel when someone around you has gotten the beef plate to grill at table.. but dont let this stop u from going to this place..one pro to mention is this place is bill splitting friendly... for those who like to pay for their own order when sitting in a group.. =]
5	Hung out with Vietnamese Peeps growing up and so I've had my fair share of "FUH" Soups. Now, what makes this soup stand out from the rest I've tried is the Broth. Broth is the main thing that differs one soup from another. Let me tell you, this place has Nailed it! Special Combo: rare slices of steak(cooks in the broth), well-done brisket, flank, tendon and tripe. Half the time I'd order this and the other half, just brisket, tendon and rare steak. Not only is the broth Super Succulent, the noodles got the right bite and they give lavish amounts of meat (opposed to every other place i've been to).Honorable Mention: Fried Egg Rolls - These are one of the best Vietnamese Egg Rolls I've ever had. There's just something about them that makes it exceptional from every other one i've had in Vietnamese noodle houses.Perfect for Cold Winter Nights! There are numerous Pho/Viet noodle spots but this one got me looking no further! I used to come here 1-4 nights a week for a while.. If you have a favorite Pho spot, do me a favor and give this one a try and let me know what ya think!
3	I am still a Pho novice.. and I am still going to continue to call it (excuse the fingernails on the chalkboard) FOH!This is only my second time having it, and it was much better than a certain place that is right across from UNLV. I got the pho-ers average number 11 which is the most standard.... or so I've been told??Yummy, colorful, and welcoming at only 5.95 for something I can't finish! They have plenty of your dipping sauces at your convenience and service is simple and quick... and slightly awkward. I love the abundance of cilantro in the soup. Yum, perfect for these newly chilly nights. I am weirded out by the hot tea in a water glass.. but I think I will still be rolling in here when I have a Pho craving, unless I am directed and/or recommended elsewhere.
4	I'm quite surprised to see the 3.5 star rating that Pho So 1 receives.  I can only assume that the reviews were written by non-Vietnamese who are not acquainted with the spotty service offered in Mom & Pop Viet joints.As a Vietnamese northerner who spend the first half of her life in Vietnam, I'm a big believer in the authenticity of Pho noodle soup; and if a restaurant has the word "Pho" as part of their name, their pho soup should be of some caliber.I still think that Pho So 1 has the best Pho in Las Vegas.  It is not the best-looking Vietnamese restaurant, the decor is bare minimum and there is often a strong grilling smell.  It does not have the best service, you often have to do your best to get the waiters/servers' attention if you need something (water refills included).  But it has the best Pho, the broth is a well-balanced flavor, they give you a good amount of meat, and the accompanying herbs and vegetables are often fresh.Pho So 1 also has a variety of another noodle soups that are delicious.  Their rice dishes are not as flavorful, just all right.  Many people come for the Beef 7 Ways - the dish is exactly as it sounds: beef done in 7 different styles, one of them is marinated flank steak to be grilled at the table.I also enjoy eating stir-fried Pho here.  You can order it with just meat or both meat and seafood.  The Pho noodles are flash-fried and then served with stir-fried vegetables and meat/seafood in a light gravy sauce.  Very delicious!I'm very fond of Pho So 1, still the best Vietnamese restaurant in Las Vegas, food-speaking.
4	I love me some pho.  And this place is good!A lot of people on here have complained about the service, but I've never had a problem.  Whenever my husband and I go, the guy at the register always acknowledges us and remembers us.  So much so, that one time the credit card machine wasn't working and he came over to us and said, "Just pay me the next time you guys come in.  You guys come here a lot!"  Who trusts people that much?  Someone who is confident in their food and customers.The menu is huge, but I only ever get 3 things on there because they are so delicious, I never want to have anything else:#5 - a grilled pork spring roll #10 - pho with every type of meat you can think of#52 - a salad type of dish that has noodles, lettuce, grilled pork, and shrimpI always say I am going to try one of the "grill it at your table" offerings, but that damn delicious soup keeps pulling me back!Oh, and it also doesn't hurt that the prices are great.  Cheaper and tastier than other pho restaurants I've tried.  Pho So 1 wins the pho wars in my book.
2	This morning wanted something different for breakfast. Decided on vietnamese food .                         Ordered the spring rolls and the BBQ pork meat balls for apps. Spring rolls they were alright nothing special. Pork meatballs very tasty just two skewers and a garden load of veges and herbs. It was like I ordered a BBQ meatball salad. They serve it with rice paper wraps on the side that r hard( WTF ) maybe I missed something ? Give me some water so I can soften it up myself,  I also ordered the BBQ pork bowl or I thought I did. I got the same set up as the BBQ meatball , shit load of lettuce and herbs and some BBQ pork and what looked and tasted like 2 slider patties? The meats are very tasty but the meat portions r small. They serve alot of lettuce and herbs, I mean alot of it              The food taste good, it's jus that the meat to lettuce ratio has to change , if I were rabbit I would b happy. Next time maybe try the pho at least I don't think it comes w lettuce,  Yeah I luv meat !!
4	The last time I was at Pho So 1, I saw a couple at a nearby table cooking their food on this weird round grill type device. I've been itching to try it ever since.#81 on the menu. It actually comes in three versions. #81A is just shrimp, #81B is shrimp and beef, and #81C is shrimp, beef, and squid. Respectively, they are $21.95, $23.95, and $25.95. That was a lot more than I expected to spend, but I decided to go big and get option C... for combo!Honestly, it's probably made for two or more people to share. But my cousin ordered the Bun Cha Gio and barely finished that. There was no way she was going to help me. It was all good. I powered through it and actually wasn't even that full by the end.They give you rice paper, a plate mound of veggies, sauces, cold noodles... all that so you can cook the meats and make some sort of roll. I tried a few, but got lazy. I ended up just eating the meats and picking at the veggies. It was mad fun, albeit extremely time-consuming. I didn't take a photo of the raw food plate, but it really was a lot of meat to cook a little at a time.Would I order it again? Maybe if I had a few people to share it with. I'm glad I finally got to try it.
4	I went to a new pho place last night and it was great!  Pho So 1 is great and to be truthfully honest I don't remember everything we had but I do remember that everything we did have was excellent!! We had some regular pho and a couple dishes that we shared (one was like a garlic beef dish and one was beef and vegetables and beef over yellow noodles).  Overall it was a great experience and I will definately go again!!
3	I do not begin to know what I am suppose to do with that tray of "stuff" they bring to the table with our order. I know we can use the lettuce as a wrap, and the mint, basal, and various other greens add some flavor, I have eaten daikon and cucumbers but the rice paper? What's up with that, it was stiff and we didn't get anything to soften it with. We had ordered the BBQ pork meatball and a sausage rolls/wraps, it was good but small on the meat side of things. More veggies than anything else, then I also ordered what I thought would be a broth based ramen, but it was without liquid, noodles on bottom topped with veggies and char shu pork, it had been tossed with oyster sauce, but still very dry. Perhaps this a place to go with someone who knows how to eat this stuff!
5	The best Vietnamese we have had!!
4	I'm a regular here. It's cheap, fast and good. My three favorite things when looking for pho.They just redid the interior of Pho So 1, so the decor is much nicer and welcoming (and yes, cleaner) now. I usually order a vermacelli bowl. The typical girl order as I've been told by my chef friend... Oh well, it's great, so I'm not ashamed. It makes me feel extra healthy because of all the veggies, haha.With the weather getting colder now though, I tend to transition to pho now to warm me up and they have so many versions, The depth of the flavor is so much better than other joints I've tried around town, you'll be tempted to order two. This is always the place I suggest when I'm craving something healthy or trying to save money.
4	The more pho I eat, the more I find myself wanting to come back here!!!Cheaper, better portions, more flavorful, lovely noodles.... and open till 3AM;)I'd take some now!
3	This place is good, cheap and fast.If you are looking for good customer service and great ambiance then this place isn't for you.If you are looking for a place to get your fix of good vietnamese food other than your standard Pho, then I would come here...and thats what we got... all 4 of us.This is what we ordered(1) 1 order of Cha Gio (Vietnamese Eggrolls)(2) Bun Bo Hue (Vietnamese spicy beef noodle soup w/ Pork feet)(3) Banh Canh (Vietnamese Udon)(4) Mi Xao Mem (Stir Fried Egg Noodles -- soft)(5) Pho(6) Thai Tea(7) Vietnamese Coffee(8) Sam Bo LuongLike I said a good place for a variety of Vietnamese dishes. I don't have anything bad to comment on this restaurant. Gave it a 3 out of 5 stars because the food is good but not mind blowing. In addition to the restaurant always being jammed packed.
4	Been back a few times since my last review way back in 2009.  For me this is still the best pho place in Vegas (like their broth), even though it is still not as good as a lot of pho places in OC or Cali. But it is only a 10-20 minutes drive for most living in the LV and not a 3+ hours pho pilgrimage.Anyway, I was sick the past few days and once my appetite has finally returned, I wanted something easy to ease my tummy into, and I remembered ordering their porridge the last time I was really sick.  So I scan the menu for the porridge section, and they have a few listed, but I think only 2 without pork blood. So I was debating between the Beef Porridge or Shrimp Porridge (which in the Chinese translated portion of the menu stated that it has both beef and shrimp, but I found out that is not the case).  But the waiter was kind enough to ask the kitchen to make it a special order so my porridge order will have both beef and shrimp.  That is a plus in my book for customer service.  The porridge came out piping hot, with strips of ginger, cilantro and fried onions, and have diced up bits of shrimp and a lot of the beef (the ones used in pho).  But it wasn't what I had in mind (the Chinese version with minced beef), but the porridge itself was good and I think I would be happy with just that.I also ordered their Beef Salad, not knowing exactly what it is, and it turned out to be a plate of veggies (the kind used in making Vietnamese Spring Rolls) with the traditional Vietnamese herbs and strips of beef.  This is definitely a healthy dish, with lots of crunchy veggies that can really tire out your jaw from chewing, but the flavor was lacking. Although I will say that it is refreshing, with all of the mint and basil leaves. Personally I will not ordered this particular appetizer again.They also have a special Bun entree that is not in the menu, which includes pretty much all the topping in the Bun section.  My friend ordered it the last last time I was really sick, and it looked great and I am sure that it tasted great too, but the only way to get it is to specially ask the waiter for this special order request.  I will for sure order that the next time I head back and after that maybe try their hot pot.Decor - 4/5 I like the new look. The flat screen TV anchored to the back wall plays a constant stream of local advertising, which helps remedy boredom when dining solo or when your dining companions are just not entertaining as the reruns of ads.Food - 3/5 Overall a good bowl of pho, bun and most appetizers.Service - 4.5/5 Being receptive to custom orders is a good thing.Price - 3/5 I think it is par for the course.
4	Awesome restaurant that I have been faithfully going to for about 8 years when it was much smaller. Usually busy but they manage to turn over tables pretty quick. My husband usually orders the # 10 which is Pho with no meatballs. The broth is something that I have not been able to recreate at home. I usually order the # 54 which is marinated pork with fried eggrolls over a bed of lettuce with mint, daikon, bean sprouts that is topped with chopped peanuts. You can request it with the peanut sauce but I prefer their fish sauce that has a little kick and is slightly sweet! Decent prices, we usually spend like 20.00 with a Thai tea. The only reason I marked 4 instead of 5 stars is that some servers are better than others.
5	I'm a regular at this place. By far one of the most reasonably priced, quick and attentive service, and filling vietnamese food you can get in Vegas! I usually get the eggrolls, springrolls, and vegetable pho tai every single time. One great thing about the eggrolls here is that they are filling and they don't skimp you on them! Other viet restaurants have eggrolls that are too small or not enough. Pho so 1 gives you a generous portion, and their service is insanely quick! You typically don't have to wait longer than 7 minutes before you either get your entree or appetizer out (and half the time your entree will be out before your appetizer because they are quick!) The best thing about it is they are open until 3AM, so this is the perfect place for me to go after work when I'm in need of hot soup, hot tea, and a healthy alternative to after midnight dining. :)
4	Only a couple of Viet joints in Vegas get the seal of approval from my extremely selective relatives from Orange County, and Pho So 1 is at the top of the list.  While they were in town for the holidays, we stopped by for our routine visit.  I though I might share a couple of other recommendations from one of the most authentic Viet kitchens in Sin City:1.  Pho Xao Don Dac Biet (Stir-fried Combination Pho): the pho noodles are deep-fried, then served with a combination of beef, chicken, shrimp, and various vegetables in a light flavorful gravy.  I love this dish but think the chicken is a little dry, so I order it with everything else but this overrated white meat.2.  Bun Rieu (Vermicelli Soup in a Crab & Tomato Broth): few non-Vietnamese know about this noodle soup, and thus it's one of Vietnamese cuisine's best-kept secret.  The broth is richer than it sounds, with crab bits, fried tofu, even escargo when they have it on hand.  I love the chunky crab contents in contrast with the light vermicelli noodle, it's a very well-balanced soup.3.  Thit Nuong Cuon (BBQ Pork Spring Rolls): spring rolls are originally made with braised pork and shrimp, proteins that carry minimal flavor, leading to the necessary accompaniment of the marinated fish sauce dip.  However, when spring rolls are made with BBQ Pork, the flavor is built-in, making the fish sauce dip optional.
4	This is probably one of the best Pho shops in Vegas, even compared to San Diego. I ordered the Pho Dac Biet Xe Lua, the whole dish and my party of 15 said that the food was fresh. We were not happy that the Che Ba Mau (3 Color Bean) did not have as much coconut in one of them and the waiter came over said no worries, not a problem. you want me to add more or get you a whole new one. Its very easy. Great customer service, but obviously theres a wait for this restaurant. (which is normal in vegas.)
4	After landing in Vegas we headed for food in Chinatown which is Spring Mtn Rd.  Pho So 1 is in the Big Lot strip mall with a Vietnamese grocery store: LV Superstore next to it.We got:Iced coffee - they gave us the drip coffee w/ filter so it's legit.  Good.Bi Cuon - not what I wanted & not very good.  Fresh spring roll w/ pork fuzz I guess.Grilled Pork & grilled shrimp cold vermicelli - fine, comes w/ fish sauce.B. got a pho - he liked it.They take credit card.  Very popular place.
4	It was very busy when I visited this place during lunch time. Pho soup was too salty to finish the whole thing. Vermicelli was OK, but I didn't  care for their sour sauce. It was a bit too sour for me. Spring rolls are good except for the fact that the peanut sauce was too watery for my taste. The price is reasonable. The service was not impressive.
3	Pho So 1 is okay. The pho soup is good, but they don't give you enough meat. The spring rolls are a rip off. $4.00 dollars for 2 spring rolls is robbery! The pho is decent but Pho So 1 is raising its prices. Sometimes though Pho So 1 is hit or miss. Sometimes you get great pho, and sometimes you get what seems like leftover pho from the last night. The one great thing here is the Vietnamese BBQ . It's called (Bo-Nuong-Yi). If you are willing to spend like 30-40 dollars for each person to get full, the Vietnamese BBQ is the bomb!
1	I wouldn't know how crappy the pho is at this place because they didn't  bother taking my order at all and I'm viet too. Wtf?  I sat there for over 10 minutes and not a single waiter came by to take my order.   They should rename this place to Pho So Zero. And I'm talking about zero service!   So I got up and left.  I've had better pho in san jose anyway.
4	I kid you not, we came here 3 days in a row straight for lunch! Yes, it's that good, consistently good. They have an extensive menu with many Vietnamese dishes that you can think of even though it's called Pho So 1. They have pho, hieu tieu (which was the crowd favorite), grilled plate, bun bo, rice and vermicelli noodle dishes, etc. Many of us ordered the pho but I thought the broth was a little off for me. I do like the bun bo though, lots of flavor. The girls who ordered the nem nuong or grilled beef, it came out on a huge platter! Prices are fair too. Complete your meal with a ca phe sua da phin (french ice coffee with condensed milk) like I did on all three days!
4	One of the best Pho places in vegas to me. Definitely on my top 5. Their menu has a big variety to choose from & they are really fast with your order. They are also open super late! Yes! Only reason why I took off a star is because their staff is kinda limited. Some visits we don't get our water refilled & some days we do. Hit or miss I guess. The place gets super busy for original lunch & dinner times.
4	This place was awesome.  It could have to with the fact that we walked here from the strip and were starving, but still great.  I had the #10 Pho Dac Biet Xe Lua, which was hot, fresh and the broth is very good.  This was our first Vietnamese experience. Now we need to find some where in MI to try also.
4	Best Pho Place in Town.this place is really good and they have enormous portions.The one thing this place got right was that the meat they use is actually good.. its good lean meat and not fatty meat.. that is the little part of this place that makes the difference
3	it was your standard issue pho...i got the beef ribs pho and i added a crap load of schiracha (sorry i cant spell) and jalepenos and basil...it was decent but seeing how im from california and i get pho from westminster (read- little saigon) ive had better...but when im in vegas and i reaaaaaaaaaaaalllllllllllllllly want pho i have a place to go....now (i didnt want to end the review in a rhyme!)
1	Every now and then i need a reminder of why i dont eat my favorite ethnic dishes very often and why i always resort to cooking stuff at home.Pho So 1 is the perfect example. Service was....yeah it could have been better. We were seated right in front of the cashier and three times they brought over things we didnt order and giving us dirty looks when we said we didnt order them.Food seriously wasnt all that great. The egg rolls had broken outsides and almost looked like someone sat on them, the fish sauce dip was bland and had no taste at all.I normally order Hu Tieu My Tho mainly because i havent found a place that makes good Hu Tieu Nam Vang. The egg noodles had a fishy after taste to it that's not suppose to be there, the noodles were way too dry, and there wasnt enough sauce to hydrate the noodles to give them a little play so you can work with them and importantly, for flavor.
4	they don't skip on the meat, which is a good thing.
4	The last few times I've been they just seem nicer and more attentive so I'll give a bump on a improvement. I noticed they started giving people hot tea as they walk in. Even when I came in for a to-go order of chicken, they brought me out tea.  When it was almost empty they dropped down another glass. I noticed it's been cleaner the past year than the first few times I dropped in a few years back. I appreciate the little things and wanted to note on improvements. I liked the chicken porridge ($6.95) a lot and it was piping hot when I got home. They must've freshly boiled the chicken because it took a while and the chicken was soft and fresh tasting. I like that ginger is plentiful but thinly shaved into the porridge and that they put green onion, cilantro and shallot crisp. I think this will be a spot I'll come for it again. It's a perfect for when I'm not feeling well. I think this has slowly won me over as my favorite late night soup place.
4	I absolutely love their food! I always get their pho & I never can go wrong. I don't eat rice noodle so I always order egg noodle and that makes this place so much better. I also recommend their fresh spring rolls, fried spring rolls, vermicelli, combination fried rice, & everything on the menu!  The only thing is that is gets really crowded and sometimes the service could be a little bit slow. Other than that it's the best pho place in vegas.
1	Alright, I finally have the honor of giving a one star review. So where do I start.......Well let's start with the service, now when it comes to Asian restaurants we all know not to expect 5 star, 4 star, or even 3 star service. So with that in mind this place completely blowed. Maybe it was bad luck, or maybe we just came on a bad day, but the service was by far some of the worst I have experienced recently.First and foremost they kept bringing out random orders that weren't ours, and despite this lack of competence on their part, the waiter for some reason started to get frustrated with us.....(well f*!K him).Moreover, the lady that was behind the counter (the owner maybe) gave us this piercing dirty look because we were frustrated that the orders were coming out wrong. It was as if she was on her heavy period and I took her last box of tampons and hid them.Second, the correct orders took forever and day to come out. By the time we had received our orders, two tables were already done eating. We only ordered three entries, but it seemed like the cook had to go to the farm to slaughter the cow and bring it back to the restaurant.As for the food............it was average. Definitely not a hot spot for Pho here in Vegas. I've eaten Pho since I've been an embryo in my mommy's uterus, so this place is a no go for me. The free water sucks too, you can definitely taste the "tap" in the tap water.Pho So 1 completely sucks, I hate this place, I vow to destroy it, turn it into little pieces, gonna turn my back and never look back.......
4	Since it is about to get warmer in Vegas, I thought I might as well get my pho on while the weather is still cool.  Pho So 1 has been on my list for a while now, and this was my first visit.  I had the beef pho with rare steak, fatty oil, vinegar onions, and a Vietnamese iced coffee.  The pho soup was yummy.  It was a bit yeastier and not as beefy tasting as my normal place.  At first I didn't like the yeasty flavor, but with some hot sauce, hoisen, fatty oil, etc., this soup turned out pretty darn nice.  The vinegar onions weren't quite as sweet as my usual spot, and a bit on the strong side, but with a spoon full of broth they were really good.  I think this place might be a little bit more mainstream than my usual spot (my usual spot is kind of unpopular, in fact).  I would bring someone here if they have never tried pho before.  Definitely a great pho restaurant!
2	Over priced, nothing special. Seattle pho is where it's at.
4	**** Cheesecake Factory of Vietnamese ****They're pretty good at everything but they're not exceptional yet I have been here at least 25 times.  Why - because they have a little bit of everything and it satisfies a big groups' needs.If you're coming from a big Viet community, this place will be avg to above average but the good thing is that place is open super late and can accomodate huge groups.
3	A few of my friends love coming here for pho.  I'd never been here before and so was very excited to try their creation of yummy.  This place can get very busy so be sure to expect a little wait when it is busy.  Luckily, my friend and I came at the right time and was seated immediately.The waiters were very prompt with tea or water, what ever you desire.  I opted for water.  Unless the boiled tap water taste is not your preferrence, order bottled water.  When it was time to order, I ordered the #58 Grilled Shrimp and spring roll with noodles.  It's not soup, but came with some kind of fish sauce to give it a sweet/salty flavor.I found this one to be just okay.  I thought it had a soapy taste to it and the mint was definitely overpowering the dish.  I had this dish in Pho Saigon 8 but with beef and found the flavor was much better there for me.  I think if I the soap and mint taste wasn't so prominent in this dish, I would've loved it as much.I will come back again as my cousin swears by their pho.
4	Best Pho in town, IMO.I made a point of trying Pho at all the major joints in town so I could develop a taste, (and wow, some Pho is SALTY!), and in actuality, this was my second visit.  The gentleman behind the counter told me to come between 3 and five for "the best taste" when "the broth hits it's peak" and I revisited it two days ago and yes, it's  Excellent. I had my Pho with six meatballs.  And they were huge and yummy and it all cost 9 dollars.  So filling.  And so -not salty.-  The broth is, hands down, the best part.The service is so-so, although for a casual Pho place it's pretty good.  I mostly appreciated the fact that the cashier spent ten minutes with me discussing the finer points of Pho and how to enjoy it and what to look for.  He also was decent enough to suggest other Pho places to try.  Good form!
3	Came around here a little after midnight.AMBIANCE:Pretty spacious with a lot of seating and tables for big groups. Laid back atmosphere.FOOD:I ordered #65, charbroiled pork chop with rice. For $7.95 it was a reasonable price considering how much food I got on my plate, I like the veggies I got on the side, the pork was cooked just right, the meat was tender and easy to cut into smaller pieces yay!SERVICE:This is where they did a poor job. First time we asked for refills, our waiter forgot so we asked another waiter, he gave us this look that said "I will cut you fools for even asking me that!". After about five minutes he comes back and just slams a pitcher of water on our table. In the end this place was good for a late night food run. The service was the only bad thing about this place. I would probably come here during the day when the waiter is not sleepy, forgetful and giving mean I-will-kill-you looks.
3	I ordered my usual Pho and fried egg rolls.  The waitress wasn't the friendliest, but not rude either.  The food was actually pretty good, but the waitress never checked on us to see if we wanted anything else. We didn't, but she certainly did not get my customary 20%-25% tip.
4	It's 4.5 stars- the service could've been a tad better. It was busy that night and it showed. The server took our order, and returned with our food a few moments later, but then didn't check on us (or refill our drinks either) and forgot to leave the check (I think he forgot about us). It happened to be St. Patrick's Day (thursday) but it's always busy here (and for good reason). I've been craving vietnamese food for a while (not my husband's fave). So I had my go-to dish (my favorite!!!), #58- vermicelli noodles (just right), veggies (crisp and fresh), eggrolls (tasty), and charbroiled shrimp (really good flavor). I was ravenous when the food came because I met a yelp friend, Sarah, for dinner, and I think by then, it was after 7 pm (I usually eat dinner at 6 pm-ish). Sarah ordered the same dish. It's $8.25 for the dish. I remember getting extra veggies (before, some years ago) but it's still a good sized bowl- satisfying. You know it's good when you've reached the bottom of the bowl and there's not much left. I've been to a lot of Vietnamese restaurants in town (missing something) but this still remains my favorite. And I'll always order # 58. This is one of the few places that I'll always order the same exact dish. Sarah (my Yelp friend) got the same thing too. It was nice having "girl time." Lots of people were getting the grills at their tables, so naturally the place got smoky (made my contacts a little dry) and the next thing I know, I'm smelling the grilled food smell in my hair and clothes. At least, it smells good, huh?
3	I always get the basics-pho ga and spring rolls. It is good enough for those items. Have not tried other things on the menu. Kind of dirty in there but it's cheap and service is fast.
3	Addictive like water.Meat flavored water nothing could be more exciting! Top it with pink meat and make the experience ride down your palate a hot, steamy affair.  Generously portioned & the perfect solution to end world hunger! A complete meal of  breakfast, lunch & dinner in a soup bowl with a hint warmth & tlc.Energizer bunny prompt service. SIT - SERVE - EAT in under two minutes (don't take my word for this I may have just gotten lucky)While lemongrass has recently suffered a stint of poor service, its satisfying to find the better alternative during a rare chilly night.
4	Pho is great, probably the best I've had in this town. The staff could be nicer? I don't know but every time I ask for a fork I get frowned upon and get asked why I dont know how to use chopsticks? And cleanliness....well..let's just say it needs to be hosed down. Especially that bathroom...but yes food is great.
4	i love their portion and the speed of servicesometimes, they are a little slow but overallgreat food, and fast servicecan't ask for too much at a asian restaurant though - you can't ask for them to smile when they are serving ^^but hey, anyone who wants to try a pho, you should come here
4	Hmmm, how would I best describe Pho here for both CA and LV yelpers in a short paragraph? Let me see: Out of all the Pho places in Las Vegas, Pho So 1 has the freshest ingredients and it's the most decent. The portion is huge and they put a lot of meat in a bowl of Pho, even on a small size bowl. If you compare Pho So 1 with popular Pho joints in either northern or southern California, Pho here is just average (or a little below average). However, it is the best one in Vegas, IMO. My favorite things to order at Pho So 1 are: Com Bo Luc Lac (shaking beef rice dish), Bo Nuong Vi (nice portion for two), and then Pho. Service here is pretty decent, they will get you whatever you want once you get their attention. Food comes out pretty quick, so you can get in and out in 30 minutes. They don't smile a lot but they don't give you the attitude either.
5	Love this place! Their pho is so good and very good service. Problem is that it's always busy so sometimes it can get very crowded but their food is very good.
4	Great place for Pho. I almost want to go back to Vegas just for the Pho. This was  absolutely wonderful broth! Probably one of the best broths I have had since starting my Pho- adventure! Not too salty, and very flavorful!  Noodles were exceptional. The amount of basil, jalapeno, sprouts and lime were very adequate! Many condiment sauces to choose from as well. I also loved the complimentary hot tea served to you while you wait. Great place I definitely recommend it.
3	Pho is definitely good to eat when you're hungover. After a fun weekend in Vegas, we stopped by here before heading on home. The wait wasn't too bad that Sunday, but there was a bit of a lunch rush. I ordered the pho with the beef and brisket and it was pretty good. I know pho places can have their bad days (bland broth, salty broth, etc.). I've only been here twice and both times have been good so yayyy.
4	I really love this place. We came here for dinner one night after having been on a search for crab sticks to make spicy crab sushi at home. We were starving it smelled awesome so we decided to try it. The egg rolls were light and crispy and then just by chance we decided to try the lemon grass grilled beef that you cook at your own table and I swear.... this is my fave meal ever. So yummy. The service was fast and it was just excellent and if you order that beef dish and egg rolls for two, then you have left overs. BTW they stay open til 3am most days.
3	Let me preface my first pho experience in vegas with the following back story.  The last couple of days we had hiked the grand canyon, along with camping out so we were kinda tired of American food. After stopping at the Rio Seafood buffet the night before we were up for a change. Good pho in vegas?  No way, but i figured my Vietnamese friends would know better than me. I'll go ahead and separate my review into two parts,  the food and service. Food,  the pho was just ok. I got the Pho bo vien which is the Pho with meatballs. I thought the soup was a little bland for me. The portion size was decent and I got a lot of meat in mine, which is good. The price was a little higher than what I'm used to, but its Vegas, not So Cal, so not too bad I guess.The question I asked myself was, would I come to this place if it was located in So Cal. The question is probably not. The food was very average, nothing made it stand out. Now on to the service, The order came out pretty quick which i liked, however thats where the service got interesting. We had to ask for napkins, seriously what restaurant doesn't give you napkins to start off ? Someone in our group ordered the rice with pork chop, looked good, but we had to ask 4 or 5 times for a knife. Overall the service was pretty bad, and this is with asian people. I was told that with Vietnamese places, the ideal is to get good food out fast and not care about service. This is certainly true about this place, except the food was just decent.
5	Me and my girls were driving around Chinatown in hopes of finding a Pho Restaurant that would be open at 3:30AM.  We found one off Yelp, but it ended up being closed.  Determined to find some grub, we saw a sign that said "Open 24 hours" and we told the taxi driver to get us there quick!One of the girls walked in first because it looked like they were closing.  After a little convincing, they let us in--as long as we just ordered Pho Noodle soup, they'd serve us.We ordered our Pho Noodle soups and waited patiently.  They were incredibly friendly and attentive to our table.  Even though they were closing, the servers kept re-filling our waters and making sure we were okay.  The pho was PERFECT and totally hit the spot.  As the workers were leaving one by one, the people left were told to make sure we were taken care of.They came over to ask if we needed a taxi and called one for us.  The owner wouldn't let us walk outside of the restaurant until the taxi came because we were a group of 4 girls. We, of course, left a very nice tip and went on our way.  Prices are incredibly affordable and service was AMAZING to say the least.  I will be headed back to Pho So 1 probably every time I'm in Vegas.
4	This is the main place I go for authentic vietnamese. The people are nice and pretty fast service sometime when they are not slam.  The food is very good at a very reasonable price. Its a very relaxing atmosphere restaurant.
5	My friends wanted to get pho after a weekend of debauchery. I was hesitant at first, since I never heard of a good pho place in Vegas. Of course, this is coming from a person who is spoiled by homemade pho and who also lives really close to Little Saigon, the mecca of good Vietnamese food, outside of Vietnam.When my friends and I set foot in this restaurant, we noticed that 85% of the patrons ordered bo nuong vi (DIY grilled beef, that comes with with vegetables and rice paper). Oh wow, I haven't seen this at restaurants in a long time. But then again, I am spoiled and only eat this dish when my mom makes it. Since everyone ordered this, I also ordered it too. I am glad I ordered this dish, as the taste was impeccable! The beef and shrimp was seasoned in lemongrass. You are given an abundance of fresh vegetables. The combination of the vegetables and beef/shrimp was heavenly. The service here is really great too. All the servers were friendly and very accommodating. Now, I officially have a go to Vietnamese place when I am in Vegas. Hurray!
4	I  came here for dinner on 5/26 with my guy and came back the following week on a Monday. I normally get the same things every time I come here.I got a number #54 on the 5/26 visit and the guy got a large Pho tai. As usual, the food was excellent and the service was...eh..ok i guess. Its getting better though I guess. What I don't like that they do here quite often is that the Pho comes out right away while the other food takes a little longer. So I ended up waiting while the guy ate his Pho(so it doesn't get cold). The same thing happened the following visit, except I ordered Pho and he got the #54. I knew this was going to happen so I asked for an extra bowl so we could both eat while we waited for his order..and sure enough, we waited..and waited. By the time he got his food, I was already almost done w my soup. Regardless of the needed improvement in service,I still believe that this place offers the best Pho in town...and a number 54. I've been loyal to this place for years and will remain loyal to it unless the food becomes horrible and the service gets worse. Until then, I will be coming back!
4	My family always come here when we visit Vegas. This is one of the best places for Vietnamese food. I like their Banh Hoi and their Bo 7 Mon (seven course beef). The portions are good and the price is fair. Friendly and fast service, most of the time.
4	Come for the food and try to forget about the service.After a few pho-less years, I got it in my head to try some pho again. Based on some reviews, the general consensus was to try here as they were considered to be one of the better places for pho.The reviews were right on the pho (and on the service). Normally when I go eat pho there's only a few selections. Not so here. There's a several page menu with a LARGE selection of items including non-pho items. Fortunately, if you aren't sure what to get some of the more popular items have photos so you can see what you're ordering.Once ordered the food came in a decent amount of time. The main issue is getting anyone's attention. While the restaurant is FULL of staff they all have this sort of focused look in their eyes while never making eye contact with anyone. Hence they'll never see you waving your hand as you need another glass of water or help with the choking victim (I kid on the choking). Eventually it you time it right, you'll give someone who hasn't learned the "Avoid Looking into the Eye" trick and you'll get your service. That said the staff were nice when we got them (they even offered us an extra appetizer from a mistake order from another table).Just know you'll have a hard time getting service.That said the food is good, the restaurant is clean, and there's plenty of parking since it's in an outdoor mall. if you want some good pho and you don't mind a bit of a wait on service try it out. Besides the waiting allows the food more time to digest. =)
5	As I said in a previous review what makes pho amazing to me is the broth and this place is the tits! The staff is super friendly as well! I ordered a beer (33) and somehow they put in two orders for me. When the second one came out the boss said it was on the house. Most places would have taken it in the back and put it on ice until someone else ordered one.I'm a fan pho sho!!!
3	good place to go out for late dinner.  Open till 3:00 AM.  Price little bit expensive than what I usually pay for Com thit nuong.
5	Best Pho in Vegas. Broth tastes consistent and is rich in flavor. Love that its open till 3 am. Other food is great too: bun cha gio thit nuong,goi coun,   Only knock i have about this place is when it gets busy (full house) getting seated and your order taken can take a while.. but the good food/prices ease my mind :)
4	I've heard a lot about this place from other Yelpers, but I've also read the stigma that comes with this place: Long waits, bad service, bringing out wrong items....  But people claimed the food was good, so I decided to toss myself to the ring and see what happens.I'm not a major pho fan.  My experience largely extends to cracking jokes of the "Pho real" variety (yes, this is what I do).  For all the concern, however, none of the problems listed in reviews really happened in my experience.  Fast service, it sometimes took a moment to get the server's attention, but they were attentive when you did, they brought out something that we didn't ask for... not as a mess up, but they had an extra and offered the side dish for us to try just because.The food itself?  Again, pho is not my usual first choice, but it's good to break out of the comfort zone, and to all credit, the food was tasty.   It was all well cooked, flavorful, and diverse.  I enjoyed it, felt full, and had a pleasant lunch.  Really, that's all I want from a dining experience.When the check came, the price was not bad at all.  Two people for less than $20 is NOT a bad deal.If I have another experience like this, I'll gladly return here.  As I said, pho is not usually my first meal craving, but the experience that I had here will ensure that it won't be my last.
4	Clean pho soup base, and the price for a plate of egg rolls is worth it. I always come here for pho when I come to Vegas and it always hits the spot.
3	very packed.the pho is mediocre.and pricey for what it is.their eggroll isn't that great either. but the fish sauce is pretty good.
3	I usually never have a car when I', in Vegas but I did one time and I came here for a Pho run. Although it's not the BEST pho I've had I think it's pretty good for Pho in Vegas, where there are plenty of non-authentic Asian food on the strip. The prices were pretty reasonable for pho so no complaints there.We ordered the Pho Dac Biet and eggrolls... I think I've had bigger bowls of Pho in the SGV but their soup was piping HOT when it came out, which I loved! I hate lukewarm soup... The veggies all looked pretty clean and washed so that was also a plus. Overall, I would come back if I had a car, but with it being off the strip, I'm not sure that I would taxi it all the way here and back,,,
3	I'll start off saying that I like Pho Saigon 8 better.  I came here with an open mind with recommendations from friends.My meat was super fatty...there was more fat and tendon on my meat than there actually was meat.  I am not over exaggerating.  To me, this does not equal value, and it's a pain to eat around the discards.Broth was good, flavorful...noodles good and veggies tasted fresh.  Portions were similar to Kim Long, but I feel like I get more at Saigon 8.Staff was ok, I got sent the wrong order to my table, and the glasses stayed empty twice for a good amount of time.  No one is there to give you a table up front, even though there was plenty of room.  Not really a gripe for me though.Overall, I'd come here again with friends and could find dishes that could satisfy (ordered a rice dish that was delicious), but if I am looking for a pho fix, I'll stick with Saigon 8...or Kim Long if it hits around 4am lol
4	Bombbbb Vietnamese food in Vegas! We came here because of miscommunication with friends so they went to another Pho place (Bo So I think) and we came here.. we decided to stay here because we were starving!!!!My friend ordered the Bun Bo Hue and he really liked it. I usually am not a fan of this but I tried a sip of the soup and it was really flavorful. Question though, where was the pork blood? He gave me the pork knuckles because he knows I really enjoy gnawing on them and he looked away and back at me and I was already done. It was really good.I ordered the fried pork that comes with mint leaves, shiso leaves, vermicelli (Thin and easier to separate. Much better than normal vermicelli noodles IMO) the fried pork which tasted more like shrimp (really delicious), lettuce leaves, cucumbers, pickled daikon and carrots and dipping sauce. It's a little troublesome to make because you have to wet the wrapping paper (spring roll paper) but once you have all the ingredients combined, its fantastic. I found this perfect on the day it was over 100*F outside. We also had the spring rolls which were just normal spring rolls. The sauce on the other hand was good. It was sweet and a little tart but mild when I dipped the spring roll.. actually drenched the spring roll in the sauce. I really liked it okay? :)They have a huge menu. It seems like their specialties are in the back and one is the beef you grill yourself which can feed 2-3 people so I will definitely try that next time I return to Vegas. Low reviews because people are ordering the wrong things I think?
3	I am a big fan of Pho, and usually pho restaurants satisfy my pho cravings, but I just didn't feel it after eating at this place. The soup didn't taste right to me and the meal was a bit pricey for pho. I would give this place another shot next time I'm around Las Vegas.I gave this place 3-stars because the service made up for the reasons stated. My soup cooled down after a bit so my meat on the side didn't cook, so the waiter gave me some more hot soup without me even asking. Now that's service!
4	You know what's a good cure for the post Vegas strip hangover?Pho.And that's exactly why I ordered Bun noodles instead.In all seriousness Vegas' asian district has a decent pho place that attracts tourists and locals alike and according to my Vietnamese buddy who frequents Pho So 1 after many a crazy weekend, he says the Pho is alright.They have a fairly extensive menu offering all manner of vietnamese dishes outside of the family soup & noodles like the aforementioned bun, and rice plates with pork chop, beef filet mignon, etc.  Also many chinese fusion dishes and some hot pot items also make the list.  The restaurant is spacious and being off strip, parking is free and easy.  If you have a car and looking for some good, cheap eats, Pho So 1 is as good a choice as any.
4	Probably the best pho place I've had in vegas, but not the best I've ever had, I reserve that for the city of santa ana in ca. The portion size is good, but I wish they offered larger pho portions. I usually order extra noodles in which they bring a small kids bowl filled with noodles and broth that you can add to your bowl when you have room. Service is quick but like most asian restaurants, you need to be aggressive to get the servers attention.
5	PHO: This is definitely my favorite pho joint--hands down! This was actually the first place I ate pho about 5 years ago. I always get the #10 Pho Dac Biet. Pho with all the good stuff :) The beef is always fresh and delicious. And the broth is always flavorful. I've never walked out of here dissatisfied. I bet Pho So 1's main competition is Pho Kim Long but I much prefer the pho here. OTHER STUFF: Other items I've tried are spring rolls and egg rolls, which are both good. And if you have at least 2 people, try the viet bbq (beef & seafood). Its similar to korean bbq where you cook at your table. They use some kind of purple jelly to light the grill which is minimal smoke and doesn't make you reek afterwards. You take the meat and roll it into spring rolls using veggies and rice paper... Fun and interactive food and most of all DERRRICIOUS! My vietnamese friend turned me onto those dessert cups. I've only tried a couple but they're really good! If you have room for an off-beat asian dessert, give those a try (they're inside of the fridge with the beer and sodas.SERVICE: Dont expect any fancy 5 star service (this is a family-owned asian joint people). But I've been going here for years and they're friendly enough, feed me quick, and refill my drinks when they need to be refilled :) TIP: dont wait for the check, just go up front to pay at the cashier. thats how things work here :)
1	sooo not appetizing to eat when there are a DOZEN flies hovering over me...barf!
3	I came here twice during my last trip to Vegas in July.  That's says how much my buddies and I like it.They have a pretty big menu...ranging from your typical Pho to Bun Bo Hue to Com (rice) to Banh Canh (I think).  Most "Pho" restaurant only have Pho and maybe Bun Bo Hue but this place has options.  So it would please everyone in your party.I ordered the Com (rice) the first time and it was ok - I wished the portion was a little bigger.  The second time, I ordered the Bun Bo Hue and it was pretty good.  Both times, I ordered the Che Ba Mau (3 bean dessert) and I must say, it wasn't that great.  The che (dessert) was a little bland.  I'm not sure why I ordered it a second time knowing what it tasted like the first time around...maybe I was hungry and wanted to give them a second try.  But yeah, it needed additional sugar or sweetening.This place is about 5 minutes off the strip.  I would give it 4 stars but the Che left a...actually, it left nothing - no taste.  I would come here again, but will most likely skip the che (dessert).
5	Their staff may not all be perky but they have quick staff, delicious soup base and reasonable prices!my number 1 pho place to go to in vegas!
2	Terrible bun nem nuong.  Pho is whatever. Fried rice sucks.  This place isn't good what it used to be.  They can't even make sua dau nanh hot!
5	I'm really, really surprised that this place doesn't have 4+ stars and that it's hinging on a yellow status. WTF! I of course presumed Pho So 1 had a high ranking, and out of curiosity decided to check it out here on Yelp. You're talking about a place where all the Vietnamese locals/older generations go and eat. This has been an institution for at least 16 years (it expanded from one store front to two about 13 years ago, if I can remember correctly). My parents (born in what was once Saigon), friends and extended family all come here for Vietnamese food. Sure, they've tried Pho Saigon 8 (not bad) but this place is consistent in their tasty food.The pho broth is always flavorful. I never feel cheated out of meat portions (balanced proportionately with the noodle serving) and they serve you a heaping side plateful of vegetables (I can't even stand those places that give you a little stem of thai basil to put in your soup). The sauces are solid. The goi cuon peanut sauce is delicious with great consistency, and the fresh shrimp spring rolls are always fresh. The fried egg rolls are meaty and just plain delicious -- they randomly were once too soggy a few years ago, but that's not the case anymore. The nuoc mam (fish sauce) is great, and that's not to be an overlooked thing because other places mess it up (along with the peanut sauce).I also order their bun thit nuong. They're grilled meats are NOT fatty which is an unfortunate occurence in a lot of Vietnamese places and again, there is a decent amount of meat. Their Vietnamese iced coffee... I took it for granted how well they make it until I had it served to me in other restaurants. You think places can't mess up condensed milk with Cafe du Monde grounds and a little water, but shit, they do. My mom craved the coffee this morning and we went their this afternoon for lunch.Their seven-course beef menu is reasonably priced (beats a good San Jose joint that specializes in 7-course beef). In fact, everything is. Anyway, the beef menu is really fun to order when you're introducing people to the world of Vietnamese food (just make sure they're not vegetarian). It's fun and definitely hands-on. You get to wrap up your slice of beef with a good handful of basil, mint, and vermicelli noodles and choose which one of the three sauces you feel like dipping it into. It's great fun in variety! If the fish sauce/nuoc mam and garlicy taste of things there didn't permeate my hands/mouth/face/body, it'd be a fun date menu. But don't take a date here for the seven-course beef if you plan on smooching later for the first time.... Ambiance: Okay, it's pretty much a typical Vietnamese joint. At least the tiles aren't slippery from grease like it was 15 years ago. It is clean and bright inside now. My dad doesn't really like the grilled smell when someone is grilling next to us -- but that's what you have to expect when at a Vietnamese place that does a good job with their grilling menu. But why am I even talking about ambience? It's not like it's a Thomas Keller restaurant.Service: Okay, fine. So it can take a little while for a server to see you - BUT the food comes out REALLY QUICKLY so come ON, people! (I'm talking to those reviewers that complained a lot about it...not you.) So yeah, you wait a few extra minutes to grab their attention, but once they see you, they attend to you and from the time you order to the time you take your first bite, you've had time to prepare your chopsticks and sauces. This is also the case on a really busy Saturday afternoon. The owner's son that has worked there from forever ago remembers me from the time I was a little side-kick sister going in with her big brother. He just stopped by the table briefly to say hi, despite the restaurant being packed on a late Saturday afternoon. If something doesn't work out, they're flexible. I ordered the 7-course beef menu for a friend trying Vietnamese food for the first time, but he wasn't able to eat peanuts straight up. They took out the courses that had peanuts and switched it out with something else. I was AMAZED the waitress was even willing to stand there for more than five seconds on a busy night explaining what did or did not contain peanuts. I cannot tell you how often I crave this place while I've been living out in suburbia New York. I have to come to this place at least three times on a two week vacation while here in Vegas. And they are always consistent, so after all these years, I know exactly what I'm getting. I've tried other places that have popped up, but I still have no question about where I'd want to go.
3	Their pho is the best I can find in Vegas so far. However, the rest of their menu is only ok. They make their meats very dry. I was here with 7 of my friends and all said their meat were dry. I'd only come here for their pho and egg rolls. That's it.
5	All time fav pho restaurant, most authentic, mountain like meat portions in pho, fast, always packed, strong cafe sa dau, one of the few places that have 7 course beef. Good fiendly service, best in vegas.
1	This WAS my favorite Vietnamese restaurant. Until one late night when I brought my family from California here, bragging to them that this was the best place in Las Vegas. Service was horrendous. I ordered the beef stew with egg noodle soup. I cannot believe they let this out of the kitchen. It looked like watered down beef boullion cubes with hard fatty beef.It was gross....I pretended that I enjoyed it just to save face. I don't understand. I've had this dish hundreds of times and it was always spot on. I've been a loyal pho so 1 customer since 1998. I'm astonihhed that they served such horrible food. Maybe ...it was a fluke but not to be harsh. I expect better...way better. Pho so 1 ship shape up and get your act together because Saigon # 8 is right down the street!!!!
1	Been a loyal customer for more than 15 years, but this time was a huge disappointment.  The restaurant is sooo dirty. The tables were sticky and the chairs are filled with grimes.  The food is sooo horrible now that I can't swallow.  Ordered bun bo hue (spicy beef noodles) and it was all wrong.  You can't put gio lua (Vietnamese Pork Loaf) in bun bo hue and the pork used for springroll is also used for this dish. That's sooo weird.  Not to mention the MSG overload. Felt like they just accidentally drog 3 bags of msg in one bowl of noodle soup.  Overall, tasteless, cheaper quality in food, and dirty. Please hire back the old chef cause this place is begining to run down and hire a cleaner to do some spring cleaning cuz it doesn't look like this place is being clean since the remodel 10 years ago. Like others say, Bolsa 1 and Pho Saigon 8 are just down the street.
3	This has been my go to spot in Vegas for Pho.  After a long day and night of drinking, this place always hits the spot.  Hot noodle soup with a lot of lime and chili to wash down the alcohol after taste.  Dac Biet or the Number 1 is what I always get.  It's simple and it has everything.  Egg rolls to start and I am set.  Then when i'm up for it I will add a cup of Ice coffee as well.
4	I can't believe how many people enjoy Pho for breakfast here! Maybe it's good for a hangover or for the hardcore Asian gamers? I can't say I met any of that criteria but enjoy a good hot bowl of Pho anytime. My order the combo Pho with meatballs added. Upon delivery - a large bowl of Pho with a side of mints, bean sprouts and sliced green jalapenos. The veggies weren't the freshest but the Pho was tasty and Pho So 1 is generous with the portions of MEAT. Sorry I'll never be a vegetarian - I love my meat too damn much! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hroo5nOO8b9QhHX0GLg7oA?select=H1AAcyWTM4lB74Y2gENNpg I got my carnivorous fix at Pho So 1 and it was  Pho-licious and would definitely return in the future.
3	There are a ton of pho places in chinatown but after hearing that we were heading to eat pho our taxi driver recommended this place. There were lots of people waiting when we arrived, so we had a 20+ wait before getting seated. I ordered my typical Pho Bo Vien aka beef ball noodle soup and it hit the spot after multiple nights of giving my liver a beating. Soup was refreshing and beef balls were yummy. Service was kind of non-existent, they forgot our water until we realized it halfway into our meal, but it wasn't a big deal.
1	I used to eat pho so 1 with my family when we're in Vegas. Their pho is NOT good at all!!! We stop going their for years., then we found other pho place like Kim Long or pho Saigon 8 which right down the street. We went back to pho so 1 this passed Saturday to try again with my friends. I must say it was a HUGE MISTAKES!!!!! The services was horrible and the foods was NOT good! Myself, my husband & my son came in last and I order bun bo hue, it was ok and my husband & son order pho. It took them at least 30 minutes or more. After we waited for 20 minutes, I went to the cashier, which I think she's the owner. I ask her about my 2 bowl of pho. I brushed my off in a very rude way & she said "u need to wait cuz there's 20 bowl of pho togo ahead of u"!!! By then I was mad but I didn't want to say anything. So I went back to my table and patiently wait until another 10 more minutes. By then my husband was really upset! He got up & went back to the counter and talk to one of the guy which we also think he's the owners son, cuz he did not wear his uniform. He's not a tall guy, kinda chubby and of course not good looking at all but he sure act like he's all that! Anyways, my husband ask him about the 2 bowl of pho. He told my husband in a very rude way again, " we have 20 bowl of pho togo &  u have to wait!!". My husband was so upset then said, u can't make 2 bowl of pho for us & let the 20 bowl wait.  It only take 3 minutes to make 2 bowl of pho. We should know cuz we're pho's owner's ourselves! They rather let their dine-in customers to wait & loose them for good or just push the togo wait for 2-3 minutes & makes their customer's happy! I guess they don't need customers cuz they think that they have so much that if they loose us know cares! To build customers takes a long time. But to LOOSE customers, not  long at all! Anyways, we still have to wait for out pho for another 10 more minutes until we get to eat our pho. By the time they bring out the pho. I over heard them say that they have parties for 20. So they started to clean up our table just to get the other parties in. By then I was upset becuz they took a long time for the pho, then finally came out, they rushed us, that's really bad. We will never go back & I will let everyone that I know. Who ever read this, please don't go to pho so 1 cuz they will treats their customers like SH-T!
3	The pho is pretty good here but the one critical review would be there there is a strong herb or seasoning in the broth that turned me off that particular day.   The herb plate offered sawtooth culantro, which I don't see alot since it is so expensive. They cater to alot of Korean clientele.  I saw alot of pickled veggies that is offered to the Korean customers for their pho.The springrolls were pretty good.  My friends raved over and over about how there is actually meat in the rolls and there isn't as much noodle filler.  The rice dishes were well seasoned and the bi (shredded pork skin) was actually shredded pork skin.  The chao (jook or rice porridge) was nasty.  It is plain white porridge that they add chicken or beef to it.  It was so plain and kinda insulting.The place is very clean and had a basic layout.  The service was very quick.
2	Whenever I am in Vegas and have a craving for some good Vietnamese egg-rolls I would come here.  This time around was a huge disappointment.  Seems like they took the old egg-rolls and refried it.  When it came out it was soaking in oil. I could see the oil dripping.  I asked them to take it back and surprisingly they took it back  and brought out fresh ones.  Unfortunately they were still greasy but not as bad as the first ones. I won't be coming back.
5	The Pho is great as are some of the other menu items, like the grill at your table selections. My family and I love Pho So 1.
4	The best place for authentic Vietnamese food!! Me and my boyfriend are here atleast once a week! No other place compares! Not the best service but the food comes out quick and is not expensive at all
5	I remember coming here maybe 2 years ago, after a vegas trip in which I was terribly drunkover (drunk + hungover) and some friends and I ended up here. I didn't have an appetite, but I ordered pho and I just drank the broth. AND THE BROTH WAS THE BESST I've ever had! I drank the entire bowl of broth and was satisfied.Fast forward 2 years, present day. I was randomly reunited with this place after another vegas trip. Got the noodle bowl with shrimp and pork..ahh perfect seasoning & flavor. Lots of lettuce and noodles. yum.Ok, maybe my review is bias because I'm from west LA and there's NO vietnamese restaurants..that are good, anyway. But I freakin love this place :)
4	This restaurant has it's ups and downs. There are times when the people that are working there can have an attitude. Other than that, my boyfriend and I go here a lest once a week. We absolutely love this place. The #12 pho is the best. Also the #67 rice plate is really good.Every time my boyfriend and I go there we always get good service.
4	Spring rolls were very good.Vietnamese rolls were just ok.But of course everybody comes here for the pho.  The pho has this great light broth, balanced on every corner of the palate.  Really, really good stuff.
5	My favorite Pho restaurant!Go here with my girlfriend all the time, and this is her favorite restaurant to eat pho, as well.There's this busser that's somehow always working when we eat here, and he is a very hard worker, maybe even more so than the servers.But, all in all, everyone at this restaurant is nice, it just seemed like the busser checked on us more than the servers did.5 star rating was partly due to the hard-working busser, but most importantly, the food!Best pho we've had in Vegas.
5	A staple to come to everytime I come to Las Vegas with the gang.This place has the best Pho in town and this thinly sliced beef dish that you grill right in front of you. So delish with the peanut sauce! This is surely big enough for 2-3x ppl.  I am getting hungry again!
1	Terrible service.  I'm used to bad service at Asian restaurants, but this was ridiculous.Order 2 pork chop rice dishes and asked for an egg on top.  They both came out, no egg.  We had to ask twice for egg.  One egg came out . . and we had to wait for the other one.  They also didn't give us a steak knife to cut the pork chop.I ordered a Hu Tieu in broth with glass noodles.   The noodles were under cooked and the soup wasn't very hot.Ordered Goi cuon.  Never came out even though we asked 3 times, we just canceled it.I'm not looking for fancy pants service and charming waiters, just bring us our food.Also seems slightly pricey for mediocre food.  We're sticking with the Rio Buffet from now on.
5	Ok, so there are so many resturants that serve pha.. But ive been coming here for years... And still believe that they have the best pork chop! And they have nice portions which is good for me! Yum stuff keep it up... I agree they have weird service? But still love the place!
4	This was a really good bowl of pho.  I was disappointed when I saw the bowl was not as large as the usual bowls that I get, but that medium-sized bowl really filled me up.  The aroma from the bowl of pho felt like I had something homemade.  I wouldn't have gone here unless I had a car.  There were so many items on the strip that I wanted to try.There is an asian strip off of Spring Mountain with so many restaurants and stores.  You can save money and have a good meal by taking a little drive.
5	It was late, well, early for the vegas after-hours eating schedule, but definitely late for oldies like myself.  We walked in after a very short (thankfully) evening at a club, and I was famished. The staff here is super friendly and accommodating. It was actually a surprising experience to have been treated so nicely at an asian resto. Usually, and maybe it's due to a common language barrier, the customer service is nominal at best. Anywho their menu was impressive, with a large array of options for the picky tummy.  Pricing was great, with items ranging $6-$7. The portions are definitely meant for the hungry and soon to be hungover.  I ordered the pork broth/ pork/ udon noodles.  I really loved this dish. The broth was clean, and didn't leave a filmy grit in my mouth. The pork just as great.  Fair amount of garlic, green onions and cilantro (which I removed). Again, I thoroughly enjoyed this dish and found it quite sad that I wouldn't easily be able to find a rival in my home town. Everyone else seemed to really enjoy their meals as well. We ordered the eggrolls which were a bit girthy-er than I'd like but hey its fried and cruncy. Can't really go too wrong with that. Satisfying meal that won't leave your wallet feeling raped. I'd definitely come back.
4	Giving a 4 star for Pho places is quite high for me because I don't like to eat Pho at all.  The longest I haven't ate Pho was about 3 years and when I tried it again, it was okay.  While in vegas, my friends usually wants to eat Pho after the clubs and we usually end up at this one spot because they are open 24 hour or open just really late...which is smart cuz they are making money.  But Pho So 1 was GOOD.  Of course I didn't order the Pho (I never order Pho in restaurants), but I got Rice w/ shredded pork and porkchops w/ egg loaf.  I always order this dish and I must say, eating it here was the best one I had
3	Pho 1Pho 1 was introduced to me by a friend, and what a delight. We ordered the Number 12  Tai Nam Gau. The broth was flavorful, and the "extras" to put in the soup were all fresh, and nothing wilted, which I have experienced at other establishments, thus making me question the food The egg rolls were phenomenal and flavorful The peanut sauce was outstanding.  Pho won my heart, however there were several ambiance issues that strained the dining experience.While we ate, a kitchen assistant set up a work station next to our table, where he proceeded to refill bottles that are placed on the tables. It was distracting to hear the final sounds of various sauces being ejected from each plastic bottle. There were at least 20 that were refilled. When I thought it would be over, out came another set of bottles. I hope that if management reads this, prepping will be done in the kitchen. Another distraction was the lighting. The room could use a screen on the front window. The afternoon sun cast a light, and as I talked to my dining partner, she was like looking at a shadow. When I placed my glasses on, all she could see was the reflection of the overhead lights and we could only laugh that wearing glasses made one look like an alien. We began  a discussion on restaurants and ambiance. I realized even a food truck has it's ambiance  and if there was a jack hammer  performing roadwork next to the truck, it would ruin the experience.  We had our final laugh as a busboy began to clear tables and managed to stack dishes and toss in the silverware to create a cacophony of tableware sounds I realize these are minor issues, however it does make a difference  to improve the entire dining experience. I am not a fan of plastic bowls as the soup did not retain it's heat. The server never returned to offer a refill on out tea or offer dessert.  I will definitely return to Pho 1 as I enjoyed the soup,  however, if I was bringing a friend to enjoy  a meal and to talk, it would not be my number one choice due to the ambiance issues and the lack of service.
5	Awesome place for pho. I've been to their other restaurants in SoCal and they are just as good. You can't go wrong with their noodles and the egg rolls are always fried perfectly. A great place to dine out if you don't want to break the bank. They are also open late which is a plus.
2	My cousins went here a couple weekends prior and said this place sucked. I shoulda figured it'd just gone downhill in the last year. Or maybe I shoulda checked my previous review first. My dumb ass ordered the bun bo hue. Shoulda gone with the fried pho. Maybe that's still good..
4	This place is a must stop place when in Las Vegas. I always just get the bowl of pho. After a long night... this is a great lunch/breakfast  wake up food.
4	I am a fan - the food is good, but this place is very dirty.  It needs to be CLEANED!
3	service a bit slow very noisy atmosphere but I love their grill steak and shrimp wu can make your own spring rolls.
3	The pricing & food is ok.  Their strong suit is that they're open to 3 am.  I really don't know why they're often crowded, especially for lunch on the weekend.  I come here mainly to people watch & because they're walking distance from my place.
5	Great Service, great menu!Every time I am in Las Vegas, my friends and I usually go here to get our Pho fix here.  I have been coming back for over 10 years now.  This place will not disappoint you.
4	Delicious!  My favorite pho place in Vegas hands-down.  Great menu and service, always bustling with the locals, and will fill you up.  The broth is flavored just right, the noodles are perfect, and all of the toppings are delicious.  There is usually a wait on the weekends, so be prepared to wait a little bit.  HIghly recommend.
5	Pho is my favorite food and this is my favorite regular eatery in Las Vegas.  I eat here at least once a week.  Their pho is the best in town and I often try other places.  There is plenty of parking.  The place is always busy and most of the patrons are Vietnamese people, which is a good sign.  The atmosphere is mom and pop all the way.  (All great Vietnamese restaurants are mom and pop style.)  I usually get the pho tai bo vien.  This is the traditional Vietnamese soup with thinly sliced beef and meatballs.  It has beef broth and noodles.  Everything is perfect: broth, noodles, meat, veggies, & sauces.  Sometimes I start with goi cuon.  These are Vietnamese summer rolls.  Light and refreshing.  I love the peanut sauce they are served with.  This place is not high society and the food is not "the best I ever had", but it is consistently really good.  I've never been disappointed.
5	Good food - excellent service.
5	I've been to many different vietnamese restaurants in this city but I always go back to this place. I don't know what it is about this place that I love so much but I JUST DO. I LOVE PHO SO 1 !!! No need for me to recommend anything because everything is so yummy; but I do always get their red bean dessert. the bean's texture is excellent. GO THERE NOW
3	It's decent. It's pretty good. Bad service. Blegh. Regular pho. I got the Pho Tai.
5	Been here many times over the years. I love it. Great soup, servings, service is quick and good for the most part. They only got it messed up once or twice and they fixed it.
5	A must stop for the best food and service in Vegas.  One of the first pho restaurant in Vegas and the fact that it is always busy speaks for itself.  Open till 3 am everyday so it is a great place to have pho to sober up after the clubs.
5	I've been coming here since before the remodel.  This place has amazing food.
4	I recently found Pho So 1 and believe that I have now found my new restaurant to get pho after a long night of drinking. There has to be something in pho that tastes so good and helps you recover that much faster. I think that the pho (especially the broth) here is better than many of the other pho places in the area. I almost always have to get a side when I get pho and the side to get here is the fried egg rolls. Definitely fried to perfection and when wrapped in a leaf of lettuce and dipped in fish sauce, it is a tasty way to start your meal. The service the last few times has been a bit questionable as I think they hired some new staff, but I'll let it slide since they did get our order correct. If you are looking for pho...then look no pho-ther...Pho So 1!
4	This is my favourite go-to restaurant for a good night of pho. They're flexible with service, efficient and speedy. Before the meals arrive, each customer's given a glass of hot tea to sip on. We're usually up for the beef flank pho and fried egg rolls (the sauce is awesome btw!). They go hand-in-hand like Noah and Allie from the notebook, incomplete with each other. Another thing I like about this place is that they accept requests to change the usual vermicelli to egg noodles (thin yellow). Vegetables are served on the side with mung bean sprouts. Not the classiest nor the most well-decorated place but it's a healthy alternative to the usual burgers and steaks, cheap and convenient. Highly recommended!
4	Being Vietnamese, Pho So 1 is one of the best places to go to dine if you're looking for warm, beefy soup in the middle of the night (it's comfort food to some people).. or at like 2 AM when you're drunk and have nowhere else to go sober up... I have to say out of all of the Vietnamese restaurants in Las Vegas, Pho So 1 is not that bad compared to most Vietnamese restaurants...  (but that's purely personal preference since I am Vietnamese and get home cooked meals.. I'll try to be biased about the food..)The number 1 thing I always recommend everyone trying if you've never had an experience at Pho So 1 is to try their Bo 7 Mon & Bo Nuong Vi ..Bo 7 Mon is their 7 courses of beef, a combination of different varieties of marinated beef dishes you can try, each with different veggies and sauces that will compliment the dish. Each dish is distinct because the beef is marinated in different Vietnamese herb and seasonings. It's definitely more ethnic and strays away from the typical Pho that everyone knows more about. Vietnamese people love to drink beer and eat this as a party dish.. so if you're a foreigner, definitely try it for a true Vietnamese dining experience.Now, Bo Nuong Vi is my absolute favorite thing to order at Pho So 1. Bo Nuong Vi means beef grilled over fire.. so the course itself will come with a portable grill right at your table with hot flames burning over the grill itself. This dish starts off at $20 for beef and you can also add shrimp and squid (definitely recommend).. it's Vietnamese BBQ at its best... The beef and seafood is marinated with lemon grass, garlic and sesame.. You dip the meat into sesame oil before putting it on the grill and once on fire, the smell is absolutely irresistible (beware, you WILL smell like BBQ food afterwards so keep that in mind for special occasions) .. The dish is served with assortments of fresh vegetables, vermicelli, Vietnamese rice paper that is used to wrap everything together, including the meat and eaten sort of like a spring roll (except you wrap it all together yourself), and most importantly the fish sauce and pineapple fish sauce (which is a thicker fish sauce that is both sweet and salty.. a lot of people cannot eat this but if you really want authentic flavors, try it out).. This dish is best if eaten for 2-3 people.. but you can get away with 4 people, however I definitely recommend ordering extra meat, Overall, for 2 people, you'll only pay $10 each and for 4, I would say about $10-$13 per person with extra meat sides. Definitely cheaper than most Korean BBQ!
5	Viet BBQ: BE WARE your clothes will smell like Viet BBQ after, other that that its delicious. Its a nice experience, you get to cook your own meat and shrimp to make spring rolls! I advise you to also ask for the fish sauce dip you might like it better than the dip that comes with the Viet BBQ. Pho: This is definitely my Pho spot, I love the soup and the portions they give are way more than enough for a small person like me. Not too oily and a lot of green onions and veggies. Egg rolls: Are big and fat and delicious, not like pho kim long their egg rolls are a lot bigger you get 4 rolls with this sweet chilli dipping sauce YUMMMMMMService: The service isn't the best but its good enough for me. Fast and good service, kind busers and waiters & the wait isn't so bad I usually can get seated right away.
4	I love Pho Meatball Soup and this place delivers. It isnt the best I have had ever but its the best I have had in Vegas. Pho in Seattle is everywhere and the market is developed where Vegas is much more limited in selections of Pho. The places here seem to be a bit less in quality than Seattle because their isn't the stiff competition, but this place was pretty tasty. I had #16 Pho w Meatball and I had the tendon one a day or two later. Both were very good and was what should be expected. I have not ventured into much else on the menu yet, but I would highly recommend, as for Las Vegas Pho this does the job pretty well.
5	I love Vietnamese food and would have it everyday if possible. We move around quite a bit being in the military and the first thing I look for once we move to a new place is a good Vietnamese restaurant. I was excited to try Pho So 1 after so many failure with the others and I've received so many recommendations from different sources about how delicious their food is. The place was a full house our first time  there and every time we are there 6 years after (w/c is once or 2x a week)... good indication of how great their food is. Their pho broth is the best...very flavorful and you don't see grease floating above your pho. They also have bbq pork spring rolls that are to die for that I can't find anywhere. Their bun bo hue (sp?) is delicious and their vermicelli noodle with bbq pork, egg rolls, and shrimp. The portions are huge...good enough for 2 people. We take all our out of town guests here and they love it so much they end up coming back and favoring this place. If you are ever in Vegas, you've gotta stop by and try Pho So 1.
4	Been around for years if you haven't been and love Vietnamese cuisine give this place a shot.I came here with my family for Valentines Day. Thinking more about how it should be about a family being together than flowers and candy. Every restaurant in town was obviously packed. Wife wanted Noodles so here we went. To my surprise it was the busiest I have ever seen it. A few couples bust most of the tables were filled with families. Many others has the exact same idea I had. The one great thing about a busy business is you know, most likely you are getting everything fresh. The oly crazy thing that happened was when the manager went to the back and yelled "What the F is going on?" When things get busy, mistakes are easily made. It was more fun than anything. Waiter was top notch. Was the kind who tried to remember your entire order without writing it down. Hours later and I am still full. I can't wait til next Valentines day.
5	I'm gonna keep this simple, you can't go wrong here. whatever you order will come out in heaping amounts, and it will be extremely fresh and delicious. This is the spot is you want to try any and all kinds of Viet food.....this is a great place to meet up with friends to share food so you can have many tastes. You'll love place and will keep coming back.Order some 33's while you there....really refreshing beer!!
5	i love their rare steak pho. Everytime i feel cold and lonely, this is the place to be. Great food, atmosphere.
4	So Pho King Good! (Those of you who know how to pronounce Pho will get that!)This is my favorite little Vietnamese place. I don't know what half the stuff on the menu is, but I had a Vietnamese friend help a sista out.You cannot go wrong with rare beef pho. It cures hangovers. It's a scientific fact! And it's huge. I don't think I've ever seen anyone finish it!If you have a group of friends, I recommend BBQ. (I love the steak and shrimp combo). So good and you cook it at your table... it's like camping, but with less bugs and not having to pee behind a bush!There spring rolls are great and the sauce that you dip it in (not sure what kind it is or what it's made of, but it's divine) has a sweet, fishy taste. I know it sounds weird, but try. You'll be glad you did. You can get the fried, too.I know this may sound bad, but I think this adds to the awesomeness... When people that are Vietnamese (the natives) are the regular patrons, they must be doing some right.I am a fan of the Vietnamese iced coffee with consended sweetened milk. Don't drink this late at night. It's extra strong and you will sleep poorly. They had this other drink which had jello and was pink, it looked tasty, but I didn't like it. It was very pretty, though.Hit up Pho So 1. It will make you happy, Pho sure! :)
4	The prices are cheap, portions plentiful, and service quick. Pho So 1 has a large menu that will surely appease all members of your dining party. I stop by any time I want a quick bite. My favorites are the rice plates and seafood soup with thick clear noodles.
1	An over hyped Pho restaurant that did not even come close to meeting up to expectations. Everyone from Summerlin to Henderson has been telling me for months that Pho So 1 is the best Pho in Las Vegas. It might be the busiest Pho place in LV, but it is not close to being the best.  The Pho was practically like boiled salt water. The broth was obviously rushed in preparations and served premature due to the overwhelming amounts of people rushing in the door.  I much prefer places like Pho Sing Sing where you can tell that they boiled the bones for over 20 hours because the broth is very oily and strong. The vegetables in the spring rolls tasted like the cook collected the grass after he mowed his lawn and brought it to work with him.  The service wasn't bad, they just didn't give us any service in the first place. After they brought us our food, we never saw another server again. I hate restaurants where you have to flag down the staff to get service. This is also one of those places where the servers will pretend they don't hear you so that they don't have to do extra work. The restroom was horrible, even compared to horrible Chinatown standards. All I wanted to do was wash my hands and instead I had to witness a moment of horror! Two of the Spanish speaking cooks were having a conversation in the bathroom while one guy was taking a sh!t. The worst part was that the stall door was open and they were giving each other eye contact during this conversation. Let me remind you that one guy is taking a sh!t during this conversation. I so f*cking hope the guy washed his hands.
4	Oh so good after a long night of partying and drinking! Its off the strip, but very easy to get to by driving.  Not sure how much it would be to cab, but its worth leaving the strip and not paying $20 for food.  This place is very clean and quite big, so the there usually isnt a wait.  Most of the waiters are latin which impresses me cuz they knew all the terminology of vietnamese food.  Service was fast and efficient. In and out quickly and best of all....they have clear noodles!!!  My fave!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! It has fast service and super great food. I've been to other pho joints but their pho broth doesn't even compare. Also they give hugh sides of all the extras that go in the soup.
4	My husband and I come here when we want our Pho fix... The prices are reasonable and the wait staff are very helpful. The atmosphere is casual and the place is clean. Most important tho.... The food is delicious!!
3	My experience at Pho So 1 was really interesting, because there were so many successes and failures within my meal.  To keep it neat, here is a list of pros and cons that should help illustrate my first time at this well-liked Vietnamese spot.PROS:Really friendly staff and quick service.Great value - Pho for $6-$8Huge Menu - Beyond Pho, they have porridge, rice, protein based entrees, and BBQ.  Tasty Pho, not too oily, a bit on the salty side, but flavorful and good. CONS:The floors all over the restaurant were slipperyThe bathroom was pretty dirty, and also had very slippery floors.The menus were very dirty, and needed to be wiped down. For some diners, the quick service may feel rushed; it is that quick.I'm really excited to come back and try the Vietnamese BBQ, it looked and smelled delicious.  I would bump up my review to 4 stars if this spot were a bit cleaner, and while I don't expect crystal chandeliers and spotless mirrors everywhere, a few minutes for the staff to tidy up could really help.
4	Authentic and rich with Vietnamese customers.  I left my reading glasses at the hotel and the menu looked like Morse Code.  The waiter had to explain the different numbers.   I had #93 - get to work and make your own summer rolls.   I had the Vermicelli rice noodles, a shrimp tube rolled into a stick of fresh ginger.   I had to slice it and place in the soaked rice paper.   My friend had the Pho with meatballs and rare steak.   This is his second visit to Vietnamese food and he ate everything.   I've taken a menu home to study it and return next week.   The service is friendly and quick.   Bring your eating clothes...I'm stuffed like a cabbage in a Jewish deli.
4	Service is fast here n the pho is good along w other dishes on the menu. Recommend pho, wraps, n the beef stew w bread.
4	I've been back to try the Vietnamese BBQ and all I can say is daaaammnn Geeenaa!When the little grill and tons of plates of "stuff" arrived at my table, I was completely lost.  I looked around at the smiling faces of successful grillers, and thought, "I want to be just like that guy, only without the mustache."  I had to ask my server for instructions.I'm going to break it down for you so you're prepared to get crazy with your dinner:You will get a plate of beef and shrimp, (order this one, both proteins were great) lettuce, mint, limes, onions, and jalapenos, (like with pho) some peanut sauce and some fish sauce for dipping, a bowl of hot water, and finally, little clear pieces of paper (rice wrappers)Here's what you do:1)  Squeeze some lime on your meats, because errrthing's better with lime.2)  Dip your meats in the oil which is in the little reservoir around the grill, then place on the grill, cook to your liking.3) Dip rice wrappers in hot water to reconstitute them, then lay on your plate.  4) Fill wrapper with lettuce, mint, jalapenos, carrots5)  Put freshly cooked meat in wrapper.6) Wrap it up like a burrito7)  Enjoy the HELL out of that delicious little thang!I was with some friends, and we thought it was hilarious to call these things "tacos."  We had a few drinks, so I'm sure it wasn't funny at all, but let's go ahead and just roll with it. Even though we left the table an absolute mess, the food was great and the experience was fun.  We'll definitely be back soon my Vietnamese friends!
2	i'm sooooo used to pho saigon 8 and pho kim long, that this place doesn't cut it for me. after our tuesday night gathering a bunch of us like to eat dinner together, so about 10-15 group, we get seated really quickly after 10pm. between my boyfriend and i we tried whatever # pho that's well done meat and pork vermicelli. the broth for the pho tasted really rich in MSG and not fresh. as for the pork vermicelli, the noodles were sticky and tasted a day old. i'm not sure why but both dishes tasted not fresh. as many times we have come here with our big group of friends/family i haven't been impressed chance after chance.. i give two stars for the speedy service and quick seating. =/
3	I always go here when I visit Las Vegas and the Pho is always good but the last time my waiter was ruder than usual but what do you expect in Chinatown. I'd go here again of course but I'll have to try other places since their are many in that location.
5	Love pho so!!
3	i love pho so 1 but they gotta keep the place clean..seriously
4	It's pretty good. I ordered rice with porkchops and bun bo hue. They give you heaps of food and the bun bo hue is delicious. And they stay open late!
5	This is our go-to pho spot in Vegas. Now when reviewing fast food restaurants, what merits 5 stars is obviously going to be different when compared to, say, a sit down fancy pants restaurant where you take your lady friends (only to be friend zoned later... sucka).Therefore, I wasn't surprised to see the dearth of more enthusiastic 5-star reviews for what may be the best pho place off the vegas strip. I've been to 4 other places during my multiple trips out to the desert and this is the only place that I wanted to come back to. Plus my viet gambling friends always take me here so that has to mean something.It is hard to mess up pho - all you really need is great soup and this place has it. Last time I tried a pan-fried beef dish with tomato rice (I believe it's #21 on their menu) and the beef was moist and flavorful. I couldn't really taste any tomato in the rice but who gives a shit, it's just rice. The sweet pickled veggies complemented the dish well plus you get a bowl of their awesome soup.Service is good and you pay at the back after you're done with your meal. I know I'll be back in my next trip. Till then, best of luck to ya'll out there in sin city.
4	Hello!! Yum. Super Yum.  Had #13 (or 15?) the regular Pho soup with meat, #52 yummy vermicelli dish with grilled shrimp and pork soo good.  Also you must try the egg rolls with the lettuce and mint and cucumbers and stuff. It is so delicious.  Service wasn't amazing but wasn't terrible either.  Food was so good it didn't matter!  They also have the bbq/cook your own meat option which maybe I'll try next time.  Highly recommend this place :)
2	This place used to be decent, but has gone down in the years.  The pho here was below average compared to other pho restaurant.  I asked for a spoon since there were none left on my table and never got one.  Needless to say service is poor.  Used to a go to place for me, but I have found other places that have opened up around the area.Parking is easy, big lot.
5	Have been coming here since 08' when I used to live in and out of Vegas/San Diego. I take my family and GF here all the time, the waiters know us, and my uncle is a celebrity with the owners LOL. This pho joint is typical. Although I prefer my Vietnamese food only in SD and Orange County.....this place is up to par. I always get the crispy rice noodles with beef/veggies, my only addiction there, and maybe pho only when it's a cold day. My GF only gets her usual bowl of pho with the brisket and tripe which she does like so it ends up in my mouth instead :) Service is okay, A mix of vietnamese and hispanic waiters, not a problem though, thats what makes this place authentic! hahahaha. Vietnamese owned btw. If you need something, always ask for it, don't expect them to bring you anything without asking, that's what I learned.Gets crowded here sometimes, so be ready to wait if you come around a bad time.Actually going there for dinner tonight! LOL CHEAP AND GOOD Vietnamese food? hells yeah!!!
4	The restaurant is pretty big and the decorations are mediocre. The servers are very kind and friendly. What I ordered was rare beef pho and shrimp spring rolls. The rare beef was thin and melted into your mouth. The soup base didn't have much MSG, and it was not watered down like other pho places I have been too. The pho was so smooth and delicious! Also, I put bean sprouts in it to give it a crunch to it and wow! Spectacular flavors! The shrimp spring rolls was not my favorite. (Two stars) I do not know what they put in it, but it just tasted really weird, maybe too much mint? But there was this vegetable that was thick and long, which I just took out. Too much chewing! Also, the peanut sauce tasted like watered down. I would not suggest getting this!Overall, I like this restaurant.
4	Still haven't found a Vietnamese restaurant that serves pho with good broth in Vegas but when I do crave pho I usually get it from here. Service was ok. Food is good.
2	Doesn't even taste like pho, nor smell like it.I had asked for extra veggies in my vermicelli, and it looked like they put in less than most places normally would if i had not asked for extra. This plate was ok.My seat had a bunch of rips in it, and when you sit on ripped leather it kinda hurts if you wear a dress/shorts.
4	I didn't come here for Pho' if you like Pho' I have another favorite for that.  I am recommending this place for a fun dish for more then one person were you cook and roll your own rolls its called Vietnamese BBQ.  You will have to ask the waiter for simple instructions in how to do it.  All though he jokingly said " you don't know how to do it, why you order it! "  I will give you a short breakdown of how to do it. You will get a plate of raw beef and shrimp ( I recommend 2 plates for 4 people ) and    a grill with a flame coming out of the top with oil on the side of it.  Dip your meat in the oil on the side of the grill and place it on the grill.  Dip the wrappers in HOT water to make it soft add your veggies (lettuce, mint, basil, jalapenos, carrots and radish )  Add your cooked meat and wrap it up like a little package.By the time you have ended your meal you will have it perfected!  We recently took some out of town guests here and they had so much fun they have improvised a way to do it at home and continue to talk about how much fun it was.  It is a fun way to spend an hour or two with friends over good food.  I will be back, I am sure more then once...
5	amazing broth. i came here after a night out at XS. and bloody hell, one of the best phos I've EVER tasted, not just because i was semi intoxicated. such a rich aromatic broth.... good portions of meat... AHHHH i need to go back.
3	I go here all the time and I think they have some of the best tasting pho compared to some places. I loved going to this place but the customer service was alright. Nothing too great. I would rate it between the range of below average to slightly average and that's just for their customer service. Other than that, the food is excellent.Or so I thought up until last night.We had a beef and shrimp barbeque and it came with plates of  different vegetables, noodles, and rice paper rolls to make your own roll. Similar to a spring roll.Anyways, on one of the lettuce they gave us, it actually had a BUG in it!What the fuck?? That's why I rated this place just OK.I would've given this place at least 4 stars if it wasn't for whathappened last night.PS. Their bathrooms are pretty dirty.
5	This is my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Las Vegas. It's always busy here, but it's worth it! from spring rolls to Pho, everything is great! It's affordable too and good food. They do not serve vietnamese sandwiches here, but they have awesome pho with lots of meat than noodles.
5	Having lived in las vegas for over 13 years.  Ive been going to this restaurant ever since I first moved here. Their Pho is hands down the best in the entire city. I thought my mom made the best Pho but sadly I was mistaken. (don't tell moms!) There are a lot of Viet restaurants in town and everyone of them have a special dish they make well. But, if your going to order Pho? There's a reason why they are called  PHO SO(#) 1.
5	You probably did not know this, but they have oxtails.  It's not on the menu.  Just ask one of the servers if they still have oxtails for the day because it's a daily limited item.  If you had oxtails at California Hotel in downtown, then you will want to try these.  Simmered in broth from the beginning, most likely over 6 hours.  It's extremely tender and flavorful.  Remember to order with Pho broth only.  Eating with noodles will be messy for you.As far as the rest of the menu, everything is true to Vietnamese flavor.  No fusion here, and that's a good thing.  Everything is also very reasonable in price.  You can be full and satisfied for under $10, tip included.  As for the service, it's better than most vietnamese restaurants.  Here's a tip.  Walk in, make eye contact with a server and signal how many in your party with your fingers.  After seating, you will be handed menus and probably forgotten about.  Once again, after you made your decision as to what to eat, look up, make eye contact, hand raising if necessary, don't snap fingers, someone will rush over to take your order.  When it's time for the check, go to cashier and tell him/her your table number (located on the chopsticks box).  Or you can ask for the check, up to you, but being Asian, I usually limit my eye contact to two times a day.  One last thing, this restaurant does grilled meats extremely well.  These meats go into noodles, dry or wet, and also rice.  Cannot go wrong with these.  Many others do not bother to grill as it is very time and space consuming in the kitchen.  I hope this review helps with your dining decisions.
2	If you're originally from Vegas, you might like it but if you come from a city where a large Vietnamese resides. This pho isn't good. Too much sodium in the soup. Really nothing about this place besides it being open late.
3	Great late night grub!
3	Very solid Vietnamese food.  I enjoyed the iced coffee and rice vermicelli with grilled shrimp, egg rolls, and veggies.  This is the dish I get every time I go for Vietnamese.  My husband also enjoyed the pho ga (chicken pho soup).  Service is very prompt and generally friendly.
3	I am a regular here. I have unwillingly accepted it. It first started with coming here with my family almost weekly. Now that I'm a little more grown up, I see myself coming here willingly with my friends. In all honesty, depending on the day, this place is a hit or miss. I always enjoy the broth and at times, the noodles are cooked perfectly! Their bbq pork vermicelli noodles are also delicious and a great selection for lunch or dinner!
3	9 times out 10 this place usually gets the 4-5 star mark on their chicken pho. This was probably the 10th. Really dissapointed on a recent trip.Chicken Pho - Usually I order this because the beef pho is lukewarm at this place due to the high volume (which isn't really an excuse because Pho Saigon 8 does pretty big numbers as well, and their pho is always piping hot.) Not only was their soup lukewarm as well, but the chicken was overcooked. Sigh. Don't even want to think about it. Will give them another chance but kinda on the edge right now. lol
4	If you're looking for an authentic pho spot-- especially after a late night at the strip-- you need look no further than Pho So 1.It's fairly spacious inside and does not boast the most impressive aesthetics. No, it's not exactly pretty inside but that shouldn't matter ultimately if all you crave is the grub.We first tried this place after an eventful night at Encore and were all salivating for some hydrating asian cuisine. We couldn't have picked a better spot than this one.I ordered the rare beef pho. It arrived eventually with all the delightful accoutrements I could have ever dreamed of having. Crunchy sprouts, flavorful leaves and stems, thin delicate beef that melts in your mouth. And of course, the broth itself. It was full and flavorful--easily the best pho I have ever tasted. Not too salty and not watered down-- I couldn't have asked for a better bowl of pho.This continues to be a favorite spot for my friends and I whenever we are hanging out in the asian district.
4	Love me some spring rolls there. Great place to take a date for an ice breaker while trying to make the rolls. Lol
5	This is my first choice for pho on Spring Mountain.I eat pho roughly once a week and I feel like a regular going to this place. Their broths are absolutely amazing. I like how it's not oily, yet packed with flavor. They come out with sides of mint, onions, and whatever you want to throw in it. I personally like mine with everything except the chili slices, with extra squirts of fish and pepper sauce. The orders take roughly ten minutes to come out, regardless of how busy it gets. And it can get quite busy in there. Curious as to how Chinese, Vietnamese, Korean, and English sounds like in one room? Try going there around 9pm on a Friday night, it gets LOUD in there. However I don't mind the noise, it adds character to the bustling and rustling atmosphere.Broths and most of the meat bowls are all roughly under 10 bucks a pop, which is a steal for me. I always leave feeling full and well-fed.The wait staff is how I like it; fast, to-the-point, and ubiquitous. There are a lot of people walking around filling half-empty cups of water and serving food non-stop.I would definitely come here if a friend was in town.
5	Always come here when we're in Vegas. They have a buttload of Pho places on this street but Pho So 1 has got to be one of the best.
4	Was in town not too long ago! Just like the one in CA! Good broth, certainly would cure a hangover! Traditional Pho Tai with a couple of spring rolls! Good job!Food: 8 - 8.5Service: 6 - 6.5
2	Their quality of food has gone done as I came here throughout the years for pho in Vegas. At my last recent visit, the broth was bland and the pho noodles were stuck together in clumps. The soup for it was plain and tasteless too. The bun bo hue's noodles were too hard and weren't boiled long enough and the customer service has gone down. The servers seem more clueless and lost. They often forget to refill our water when we asked and not remember to bring us whatever we asked. Not coming back.
4	Not a pho expert but had a really satisfying and cheap lunch here when I was tired of the strip. Service was quick and friendly.
3	Not bad. I've had better pho and mi kho in MN.
4	This is the only place I go to for pho in Vegas. It's that phockin good! Their broth is clean, not too oily, and very tasty. I wanna say its the msg again lol, because msg makes everything tastier, right? It's like magic. And usually msg makes me really thirsty but not here. I also love their egg rolls (dipped in their fish sauce combined with sriracha and hoisin sauce ahhh), combination fried rice, and their beef and shrimp combination for bbq. By the way, does anyone know what that pink gel-like substance is underneath their grills that they bring out for bbq?
3	Went here with the family to compare this store with the same franchise in California.   I have to say the food just isn't up to par, and we prefer the Simi Valley branch the best.  The fried eggroll was not as good.  And used a different eggroll wrapper which makes a huge difference.  The order came with 4 rolls... The Simi Valley branch comes with 5 rolls.  We ordered Pho and dry noodles with bbq pork.   No complaints with the Pho, the broth was good, hot, & tasty.   However the other dish...the noodles with bbq was served burnt.   It was inedible.   I thought my son was exaggerating, but he was right.  All I could taste was badly charred meat.  I don't think burnt food should leave the kitchen and served.  Finally the prices were higher here in LV than in Ca... Like 25% more.   We had to even review our bill and ask the store owner about the difference.  We were told they raised prices recently.  So be sure to check out the prices.Next time we're out in Vegas I'd like to try out a different Pho place.   I hope Yelpers can steer us to THE best pho place in town.
2	I'm so sad that I can't give this place a higher rating, especially when their iced coffee and egg rolls were so delicious. First off let me say that my friend who has visited this place numerous times said this was the first time the services was poor. We went for lunch hoping to have some yummy pho. Sadly it was not meant to be. We started off with an order of spring rolls, egg rolls and the iced coffee. My one friend who ordered the spring rolls found two pieces of hair literally in the roll (she notified our server asking for a replacement of the egg rolls instead). My other friend and I enjoyed our egg rolls as they came out quickly and were yummy. Unfortunately there was some confusion (I don't know how as my friend speaks Vietnamese so we thought we could avoid any language barrier etc) as they brought out another order of the spring rolls rather than the egg rolls my friend had requested. She notified the server who made the correction. Meanwhile she had also gotten her egg noodles she ordered while my other friend and I were still waiting on our pho orders. We noticed that two additional tables near us received their order despite being seated after us (and it seemed their orders were even wrong but yet they received a replacement in a timely manner; we still had yet to receive ours). We notified one of the servers that we had been waiting for awhile for our pho orders. He seemed to understand and it appeared went to check on the order(but again who knows even with my friend speaking in Vietnamese we never got our pho). I don't know if this was just an overall bad day on their part with service/kitchen communication as like I mentioned a few other tables seemed to have gotten the wrong order (but heck they at least still got their pho). We started to get a little frustrated that we still hadn't received our pho for I'd say 30-45min after initially ordering and then even notifying them of still not receiving anything. Finally we had enough decided to just cancel the pho orders and pay and leave. We were offered a simple I'm sorry and given our bill (they didn't charge for my friend's spring roll order so we ended up paying for 2 egg roll orders, 2 iced coffees and an order of egg noodles). I would've expected a little more sincerity or for them to comp on something since not only did my friend's order have human hair in it but they completely forgot to bring out half of our order. I am very mixed on returning as the food and coffee we did have was good but the service was horrible that day.
5	As a Vegas loca(l) for about 13 years, this is the best pho place I've found in the 702. I've been to many before and many after my discovery of this place about 5 or 6 years ago. This place has me coming back because of their perfect broth, it's just right IMO and doesn't need to be masked with much hoison and sriracha because it's pretty darn good on it's own.They never skimp on all the wonderful fresh herbs and veggies that accompany whatever dish you're having. I always feel bad not using it all up. But the biggest factor on my critiquing of vietnamese restaurants is the nuoc cham. Yep. Mhmm. That stinky, salty, tart, sweet fish sauce that I dip mostly everything into. Perfect flavor--almost as good as how my mama made it. Every other place is either too salty, or too watered down but this place got it just right. Another great thing about this place is that the food always comes out fast, even when it's busy. The service is really good, for this type of restaurant. I'll leave it at that.
3	pho was just okayI was surprised the bun bo hue had actual pork blood in it...most restaurants take this out so it doesn't freak out the non-Viet crowd
1	OMG!!! I'll never go back to this place....just have a big fat fly in my bun Bo hue.  I showed it to them, they replaced it but no apology at all and even have a nerve to laugh at my boyfriend when he mentioned about the freaking fly and still charged us the full price...This place used to be one of our favorite restaurant in Vegas but that's it no more...and good luck to whoever is still their customer.  Mayb someday you could find a roach in your dish and they may charge extra for that too !!!!! I rate one star since yelp don't let me leave it blank!!!!
2	its okay...not good not bad...I order a number 11, rare steak pho....the bowl is very small and the meat quality is below average. I will not be coming back. I paid 7.51 for a bowl of rare steak pho that was very small.The restaurant is not very clean. Alot of fobs eat here. No-then wrong with that.  But being clean is a question mark here.
5	I'm glad we chose this place over the other hundreds of choices.  We literally ordered and in minutes our food was at our table.  The service staff is friendly and quick.  The pho is delish.  The broth hit the spot and the egg rolls were hot, crunchy and really good flavors.  Its so worth it to leave the strip for this place.
5	My favorite spot for pho in Las Vegas so far. The broth alone in pho is off the hook and everything else that comes in pho is a delight especially enjoying it with an ice cold beer. Spring rolls are fresh and tasty. Its called Pho So 1 because its the number 1 spot to go for Pho and vietnamese food. Good and fast service.
2	Came here around 12am for dinner. Soo...what I notice about this restaurant:- They hire a lot of waiters which was pretty much useless       - Had to wait about 15 minutes for a waiter to swing by our table to order       - no one refill our water when its empty       - wont pick up a clean napkin that has fallen to the floor- restaurant wise       - nicely furnished       - a lot of insects flying, crawling - food        - pho is okay but I had better       - Bun bo hue taste like the powder from instant ramenall in all, not a good experience. would not be coming back for my late night dinner.
5	the pho is awesome here thats probably why its so packed!! they also have little grills for you to grill meats with certain orders i think but never the less it tastes so good! one of the waiters here are especially attentive to your needs and always gets you what you need right away!!
5	Incredibly cheap, about $7 for very generous portions. Taste was good.
5	So I'm a Californian that visits Vegas regularly and always come here at least twice on a given trip. I only get one thing on the menu because it's so palatably good that I never get a chance to try any other. Plus this item isnt common in all Vietnamese restaurants. Order the BBQ grill (pork or beef) spring rolls and have the grill on the table so you can cook and compose your roll to your own specifications. The sweet sauce with peanut in it is the icing on the cake completing the meal perfectly.Prior to this restaurant, Vietnamese food was never a preferred cusine. I now know I just didn't go to good restaurants. That's how good the food is here!!!In the casino, on the table games, I've mentioned the restaurant several times and surprisingly many people and out-of-towners knew about this hidden gem.Lastly, it's not a fancy place so decor is standard but food is absolutely scrumptious and it's sooo cheap! Added bonus!
4	Once upon a time my friends called Pho "stinky feet soup". Afterhitting some of them in the kidneys, punching a couple more in theirthroat and poking all of them in the eyes with my ninja moves, I stepback and said "DON'T YOU DARE KIDS..DONT YOU DARE"This spot is my favorite pho place in town. In a city that is packedwith pho places, its hard to find a general  and universal "best" butthis is my personal favorite. The broth is delicious and the portionsare generous. the cold noodles plates also are very good, and theappetizers which includes the egg rolls are LE awesome.As in all phoplaces you get your food very fast .Also there is never a waittime.Servers are usually from Vietnam which means that sometimes youcan encounter some challenges when trying to place your order (thanksGod for the numbers on the menu!).You may ask what makes it different and in my opinion the best?.Honestly I am not 100 percent sure. It's the broth I think, butsometimes I think it's the meat, and others I simply guess that theowners have some mind control devices around the city..who knows..AllI know is that it tastes delish.
5	This is hands down my favorite Pho restaurant in the city, nothing else even comes close or compares. My family and I have been coming here for about 10 years and with the exception of small price increases and new additions to the menu, the food remains the same. There's a reason why this place is almost always crowded, the food here is consistently great!I usually get the pho special combo. (#10) or the vermicelli with charbroiled beef and egg rolls (#56). The pho is always delicious and portions are huge so I can never finish an entire bowl. The egg rolls are also delicious, hot and crispy served with fresh wet lettuce for wrapping. Occasionally I will order something other than pho, and those dishes are alright, but everyone comes here for the pho. Now if they only started to serve Banh Mi (Vietnamese sandwiches), that would be heaven!
5	Absolutely love this place. Been here countless times in the 20+ years I've lived here. I think Pho Saigon has better noodles but the broth here is handsdown the best. On my most recent visit, I ordered the larger bowl and I think all that means is extra meat but I'm not sure. There's a certain ideal ratio of meat to noodles I like, but after I finished all the noodles, there was just way too much meat left over. I'm quite unorthodoxed in the way I eat my pho though, no hoissin sauce and no sriracha. I like the natural flavor.It's quite cheap for a meal and comes out really quickly, as with all pho in Vegas.If you haven't been to an authentic Chinese/Vietnamese restaurant before, let me warn you now, don't expect anything in terms of service either than them taking your order and bringing your food. The food speaks for itself.
2	I went  here late morning when the restaurant was practically empty in a group of 6. They took our orders and 4 dishes came out a short time later. When we asked when the other 2 dishes (mine included) were going to come out, they looked at us for a second and then said "oh, it'll be just a minute." Clearly they had completely forgotten about them and had to rush back and make them. However, even with a very simple dish of Pho, it took some time for it to actually come out. Definitely not impressed.
3	This is an average pho place compared to the standards we have in Sacramento. Their broccoli and beef is the worst I've ever had. I've had the pho here on two occasions and was satisfied both times.
2	I used to eat pho so 1 with my family when we're in Vegas. Their pho is NOT good at all!!! We stopped going there for years, then we found other pho place like Kim Long or pho Saigon 8 which right down the street. Pho Kim Long and Saigon 8 actually does not have as much MSG like Pho So 1, pho so 1 just makes you sick after sipping their soup. We went back to pho so 1 this passed Saturday to try again with my friends, I must say it was a HUGE MISTAKE, thought it was a bad batch last time, but guess what, its all bad. The services was horrible and the food was NOT good!  Save yourself the trouble and go to pho Kim Long or Saigon 8 to enjoy a nice bowl of pho.
1	UPDATE June 2014I do not like this place at all anymore. Go someone else. BAD SERVICE, ok food. They have great pho hands down almost close to the pho place I loved back home in Hawaii but the service was horrible!!! Even as an Asian person in there, I felt I was invisible. Three tables that were sat after us was served before us. It took 3 different people's attention before my husband finally got his soda.  I understand they were busy and the food came out quick, but the service was the worst I have experienced in a long time.  It was also super hot, they had 2 fans on but felt like there was no ac running, which made it even more uncomfortable and the experience unpleasant. It was cooler outside! I  would never dine in again maybe only take out.  It's a shame because the food rocked. I want to try again but not sure I would ever dine in again. Take out sounds better but of course it doesn't give you that Pho experience you want when you want that hot brothy soup.
4	I was expecting to wait forever and a day to eat some pho...especially after waiting through the lines at other pho places in the area. However, we were seated right away. Many of the waitresses don't speak English, and they had to call their one and only loyal Latino employee to help us out. That's fine though; he was cordial and nice :) Our orders came fairly quickly and we dug in right away:Pho tai: The broth is AMAZING! So flavorful!! Much more so than the diluted sewage water we get at the other pho places in the surrounding area! Honestly, I didn't get to try the noodles or meat as my bf GOBBLED IT ALL UP!! It must've really been just that good...Luong sam bo (something like that?): We got this instead of the red jelly drink that my friend originally ordered, and he said it was way too herbal. Probably wouldn't try this one.Shrimp spring rolls (goi cuon): Yummm...very traditional. Tastes like the way I remember it at home :]Pork skin spring rolls (Bi cuon): I liked this more than the shrimp, but that's just because I love pork skin. You really can't go wrong with the spring rolls; just the right portion of veggies to pork!Red jelly drink: Don't know what the name is, but the pic is on the menu! It was okay...a bit diluted and the coconut milk was watered down...jelly was decent though.3 Color drink: Again, very diluted even after I took out all the ice. The cup was small compared to most pho places, and honestly it wasn't very impressive. Green bean was not the mushy sweet goodness I remember it being, and the red bean had some weird flavoring to it. I definitely would not get this again; not when I've been spoiled by the good stuff everywhere else!!!Overall, 3.5 stars, but 4 since the pho is a big YES PLEASE GET IT! Spring rolls are delicious as well...just avoid the drinks...you'd rather go to Tea Station or even Lee's Sandwiches down the street.
1	Do not eat here.  I was in Vegas for 3 days.  I normally eat here when I'm visiting, loved the Bo 7 mon.  Only this time I got food poisoning.  This was the first thing I ate getting off the plane.  My second meal was steak at the Wynn's SW restaurant.  I'm positive that I did not get it there because I was with other people for dinner and everyone was fine except for my boyfriend and I.  We did not feel normal until we came back home.  It was a shame.
4	Come here whenever in vegas for good quality and affordable price Vietnamese food.  It always hit the spot, especially after wasting all my money on the strip.  After being on the strip, all the food seems so cheap.  Very big portions too.  Definitely a must stop after losing all your money on the strip and need some great tasting food.
2	I'm not a typical vietnamese girl, I really don't like to eat vietnamese food.  But when I'm with my family that's all they crave for.  The place wasn't that clean and the table was so sticky that I had to clean it again myself. Everything I ordered on the menu was either not made for that day or sold out. So I end up ordering the fried egg noodles with seafood & vegtables on top.  The noodles was under cooked and so it wasn't crispy and the sauce was very bland.  The chicken salad wasn't even that great either and the spring rolls paper were pretty hard on the spring rolls.
4	Perfect pho place after a long weekend in Vegas.The broth is amazing (as stated in Momo's review) and is the perfect concoction for the drunkover individual (drunk and hungover at the same time. it happens).The waiters are friendly (and funny) and were happy to help answer any questions we had.There was a wait when we got there.. but not to worry! It goes quick.
4	YUM!!!  Love #39 and #2.  Place needs better air conditioning.
5	Love it! We always order the same thing. Fresh Spring Rolls, number 12 and number 16 because I like the tripe and tendon. The pho is always super fast and delicious and there is always a diverse crowd. They are my favorite!
2	Am I missing something? I almost feel like the odd ball for not loving this place. Came here on a Sunday sometime around 11AM - 12PM and it was PACKED. It's been at least a good 5 months since I've had pho, last time being in Houston. So I got to share my first Vegas pho experience with Pho So 1. Seeing the crowd, I was sure I was at the right place. Well... not so much. We got sat within 15 minutes and you can immediately tell the waitress threw restaurant hospitality out the window and just wanted to quickly get our orders and out of here to turn the table over (...that's the expression right? sounds weird right now..). Anyway my parents ordered regular pho with everything you can think of in it and I ordered Bun Bo Hue. Both broths were extremely watered down with no flavor that could satisfy ANYONE's taste buds. Bun Bo Hue is typically supposed to be a tad bit reddish with the chili oil but mine looked murky brown. So sad because I was really craving some good Bun Bo Hue :'[Hm, I'll have to give this place a second chance and go with something my fellow Yelpers ordered. In the meantime, anyone have any other good pho restaurant suggestions?
3	Maybe I was sober when I went here. I had better pho than this. The broth was very bland, not flavorful enough. There wasn't any " nuoc beo" The owner was very nice however. Maybe, I will try it again when I am drunk.
3	The broth at this place is pretty decent - if you've been to pho saigon 8, it tastes a bit like the broth there. The coolest thing about this place (I thought), was that you can get "extras" on the side of whichever savory goodness you love best in your usual pho special.  I got an "extra" of tripe on the side, which came in its own soup and which I could dunk into my bowl at leisure.  The sides are not too pricey for how much you get ($2.50 for a huge fistful of tripe), and if you love the soup, it comes with that too.  Other than this, I'd say this place is maybe a bit above average, though nothing to write home about.
3	Cheap but very good food. I like the make-it-yourself spring rolls called chao tom. The service is almost non existent here, as well as a decent decor.
4	Been coming here more often with some friends since this is their favorite place.I have been trying a few more dishes here, as well as different mixes of pho, and it has been a better experience.It is still not my favorite pho in town, but when you are eating late, there aren't too many choices out there.Give it a shot if you haven't already
3	It's hard to find good Pho places in LV, this place was ok. Egg rolls were good and came out quick, were steaming hot too. Pho broth i think could go for a bit more flavor. other then that, service was good and pho was ok
4	My husband craves this place.  He would eat pho here every single day if he could.  I like pho, but I am not obsessed. So I usually put him off for a while, usually we go once every 2 weeks or so.   After coming here for pho we don't go anywhere else now.  We also take all our guests here atleast once. You can tell it is has a "cult" following.The restaurant setting is sort of like an Asian diner.  A little dated with cheesy fake silk flowers, but relatively clean restaurant. Every table has popular condiments like Sriracha, hoisin, fish/soy sauce, and chili paste, napkins, soup spoons, and chopsticks.  The service can very a bit variable, especially with ordering, which is why I give it 4 stars rather than 5.  Sometimes it is attentive, sometimes you are waiting and trying to catch any waiter's attention when it is busy.  Once you have their attention, service is pretty good and quick.The menu is huge and everything is incredibly affordable, actually a real good value! Typical appetizers such as spring rolls, summer rolls,  and satay.  They have atleast 20+ pho soup dishes, and plenty of noodle, rice, and stirfried dishes.I am a pretty particular eater. I don't eat any starches (no rice, noodles, etc), Pho So always accommodates my no noodle request correctly when I order pho.  The broth tastes light and is consistent every time, but not particularly unique.  The broth is the basis of every single one of their pho soups, so all the pho orders come out in a matter of minutes of ordering, since they just require the requested meats, rice noodles, and the ladling the generic broth over it.  I have tried other dishes there, like the bo luc lac, which is delicious and a decent portion for the price.  Although I haven't gotten it myself, I see many people order the meats for the do-it-yourself grill and then put it in a lettuce leaf adding rice noodles, vegetables, and condiments.  Looks fun.Alcohol offerings are a few Asian beers and a basic "house" red or white wine (AKA Sutter Home)...that is it.In summary, I give them 4 stars.  For the price, the food is good and consistent.  Service is always friendly, but occasionally it is hard to get your order in when it is busy.
3	I'm not quite sure what happened to this place. I've visited here plenty of times in the past 6 years and its been a hit or miss now. I experience bad service every time we eat in and now we do take outs late at night because they seem to be the only place opened so late. I noticed the pho is better to take home and add your own ingredients given you have them. The eggrolls are usually good and my favorites to get are any of the vermicelli noodle plates. I've tried a lot of the items on the menu but I just stick to my usuals most of the time.
3	So you are craving pho after a night out and about all over lost wages... what are you going to do? go to chinatown (err asiatown???) and get some Pho...The pho is ok, the other stuff is ok also it seems a bit pricey on some items like an extra buck or two over So Cal prices, but it is vegas so yeah... Pro Tip: Make sure that the waitress completely understands your order, ours was wrong in 3-4 places out of a group of about 15... Since they do not speak english very well here be warned. The food is very average as well. I have had much better and much worse. None the less a bowl of pho in lost wages can be a very good thing, even when its very average...Also they dont take all credit cards, I think just Mastercard and Visa.
2	I came here at 1:30 am because my goto spot was closed. Place was just ok. The spring rolls we're standard. The peanut sauce they we're served with was runny and when I tasted it tastedlike rotten eggs. I don't use much of it anyways, so it I didn't make a big deal of it. Whatever it was, it had gone bad.The Pho was just ok. Not the best, not the worst.I probably won't be back.
4	Last time I was in vegas, we came here three out of the four days we were there. Pho is a pretty amazing creation. Also, most of the restos on the strip are overpriced and not very tasty (i gagged from the fishiness of the fish taco at china poblano, despite loving fish sauce!!)  pho so 1 also carries the super bowl, which is huge, and in normal circumstances I would attempt it, but all i do in vegas is drink and eat so my appetite was never normal when i visited. Their pork chops are also very tasty. They also have this salty plum carbonated drink that was very refreshing.
4	my other favorite Vegas regular people food place, the vermicelli noddles had so much BBQ pork it must have been a mistake?! Delicious and worth the price, I've had better Vietnamese coffee, but that does not distract from the food, service, or locals.
3	After reading some of the reviews from Yelp, the Mr. and I decided to get some Pho here, during our weekend Vegas trip.It's a nicely located not too far from the strip (and close to the Zombie Apocalypse Store); if you don't have a car I suggest you check on the price of a cab first, it may not be worth the expense.The staff if very friendly, quick and attentive.  Our food arrived quickly and our other requests were taken just as fast and with a smile.  I give the staff 5-stars.However, the food it's self is ok.  Nothing spectacular, but certainly satisfies the craving for Pho.  Being from LA we have some one great Pho place in Chinatown, that by far is 10x better than Pho So 1, but as I've mentioned if you have a craving, as we did, and you're not familiar with other places, this would do well enough.
3	I've been here a couple times now and they're aight. Tonight, I was hankering for something hearty but cheap, and naturally I thought Vietnamese. Had to stay awake so I tried their French coffee with milk, very good. It came out in the apparatus that it brews in, so it was nice and fresh. I had the rice dish with charbroiled beef which was a bit chewy. The vermicelli noodles were also not that great to bite into but they were ok. It was cheap and open late so I would come back.
4	We decided to try this place after a recommendation from my nail lady (who also happens to be Vietnamese). The hubby and I shared the typical spring rolls. They were excellent! The hubby had #71 which is sliced steak with rice and it was delish. I had shrimp pho and it was good as well. The service was great and they were even excited to give our baby some toys to play with (a bowl and spoon). We can't wait to go back!
5	Mmm..yummy pho for those Vegas hangovers. It's located far from the strip, but since my friend knows people who lives in Vegas, we decided to have pho with them before going back home. Our table had a variety of different types of pho and everybody enjoyed it. I would say the packed restaurant and the line waiting in the front is self explanatory.
1	I will never come back to this restaurant again. The worst service I've ever experienced.  Watch out for being overcharged on your bill.
4	Pho So 1 is my go-to pho place because it's close to my house, opens late, is affordable, and is consistent in their food. The service is meh but I don't go there to be waited on hand and foot. The food usually comes quickly too.I always order #14. The pho always comes with good helping of bean sprouts, basil leaves (they're basil leaves, right?), lime slices, and jalapeno slices. The base broth is always yummy but I tend to spice mine up with chili and siracha as well.When I'm with others, we usually get egg rolls because it's 6 dollars for four and a massive heap of vegetables. The egg rolls are always hot, crisp, and fresh as well.I once had the grilled meat and shrimp the first time I came here but I can't say much about it because it was about five years ago. I remember having fun though so that probably means the food was good as well!In the winter, they also serve complimentary hot tea, which I don't think should be served in plastic cups, but oh well. I still enjoy it nonetheless.
4	According to my friend, Pho So 1 is one of the oldest Pho places in Las Vegas. Well I guess that's why their Pho is so good. They've been doing it for so long that it's like second nature to make good Pho.This is my favorite Pho place in Las Vegas. I come here so often that certain servers see me and they already have my order written down before I'm even seated (true story :P)My favorite thing to order is item #12 a.k.a. Pho Tai Nam. I like to order the rare steak that comes with it on the side then let it soak in lime juice that way when i put it in my soup it's still a little pink by the time I get to eat it. Along with that I get the eggrolls (item #1) because they are SO DAMN GOOD. Not once have I ever visited and left disappointed with the eggrolls. They are consistently amazing every single time. They come with a decent portion of lettuce and veggies and what I do (if you've never tried) is take the eggroll and some veggies and roll it up in the lettuce leaf like a wrap, dip it in the sauce they give you and VOILA! taste bud orgasm.I gave it a 4 because some days, the service just downright sucks lol. It's okay though, the food ALWAYS makes up for it in the end.Out of townies. This is 10-15 minutes off the strip. Do yourself a favor and get your ass over here. lol.
5	Pho so 1 is my go to place for my crazy pho cravings! I am always willing to drive out of my way to come here. I get off work late and they are open even later. The staff is great and on point. I have never had a bad experience and I will continue to come here. I am usually always the only white person there and I love it.
5	YES GO HERE GO HERE!!! The ONLY good pho place in town, PROMISE!  It can get pretty packed, but its well worth the wait for us :) You also get a decent bang for the buck here. Ive always ordered seafood pho, and they are not stingy with the good stuff. Ive recently starting expanding my horizons and explored other dishes on the menu, they are alway on point. Open late, great place!
4	I like their Bun Bo Hue and their Nem Nuong. However, it's really smoky in there because they have BBQ but they don't have hoods. The beef was overcooked in their BBQ Beef Rice dish. Their Ca Gio is a little dry. I really like how it's so packed in there all the time. It's fun to eat at a hustling and bustling place. All the dishes come out so delicious looking. I enjoyed my experience overall.
4	Legit pho and awesome grilled porkchops.  Not sure how my family found this place, but I am glad they did.  After rolling by a ton of places lit up with fancy signs and neon lights, pulled up to this restaurant not expecting much.  How wrong was I.
4	Definitely a solid pho choice, especially coming off a hard night of clubbing.  I'm actually kinda surprised a place like this exists in Las Vegas.  I've been off Strip plenty of times, but even some of the stuff out there is pretty expensive.  This is quite the cheap option for sure.Got what I always get at a pho place: the special combo.  I guess here it has rare slices of steak, well-done brisket, flank, tendon, and tripe.  In other words, the same as I expect.  Noodles were solid and tasty.  The beef was very delicious and had plenty of flavor.  And the soup wasn't loaded up with MSG, thankfully.  And if I remember correctly (and I may not), this was $7.95, so about what I'd pay for a bowl of pho.Great service here for sure, they're super fast.  Hell, I was laughing when the waiter came out after 3 minutes and apologized for being late with our food.  If only other places were that fast!Does get busy, but there is plenty of seating.  A bit cramped, but nothing that makes you feel uncomfortable.  Def will come again.
4	This Pho So 1 is one of the most crowded pho spots in Las Vegas!  The weather for pho in Vegas was a perfect chilly 44 F degrees.  When we arrived at the restaurant, the wait time was about 15 minutes. The major complaint about this place was the service from the host that sat us down next to the blowing fan...it's cold outside! The host did not want to move us :o, which was rude. On the other hand, the eggrolls where really delicious--crispy on the outside and soft on the insidee with a lot of veggies. The waiter accidentally place the plate wrong that one of the eggrolls fell on the table and he brought us 2 more on the house!The flavor of the pho was very good, one of the best I've tried in Vegas and I've tried about 3 pho places thus far in my lifetime. However, it does not compare to the one in Denver :D.
2	Within the past 4-5 months, my experiences at Pho So 1 have been bad but didn't want to rush to judgment until now. I have tried Pho several times and other items that I normally ate at Pho So 1 and the food just weren't the same. I finally reached a conclusion: whoever managed the kitchen or whoever the main chef was, they must not be working there anymore.First of all, the good old day Pho broth at PS1 wasn't great but at the same time it wasn't bad. Now, the broth tastes so bad, I don't come to PS1 for pho anymore. The broth tastes like somebody went to the Asian market and bought the dried pho flavor in a teabag pouch and dip that pouch into boiling water and served that to the customer. It was that bad.Other food also did not taste the same. Beside Pho, PS1 was also known for their "Bo Nuong Vi", which basically allowed you to grill meet at the table. Their dipping sauce used to be soooooooooo good, but now it's smelly.Another good indicator is the place is not crowded like before anymore. Too bad, because I used to like PS1. :-(
3	Not bad place to go get some pho. I've tried better since I live in San Jose. Pros: plenty of parking, nice serversCons: Food taste ok. I still would come back to try it again next time...
4	Hello my Yelp friends.  I have been remiss in my yelping as of late, as I have made a major move.  I now live between 3 locations in the great basin/Mojave desert region, spanning Nevada, Arizona and the California border.  I'm living like the guys on American Pickers, buying and selling collectibles and anything else I can make a buck on.  I also direct the Food and Beverage and showroom department of a small hotel in Las Vegas...I know, how do I do it all?  Hence my lapse in reviews...enough updates,  here we go:In the miles I put in for work, a lot of meals are on the road.  I have a lot of Hawaii Yelp friends, so I'll start in Las Vegas....the 9th island.  Since leaving Hawaii I most long for the food.  Don't get me wrong, out here I am reveling in the great Mexican food, home made mashed potatoes, and wonderful bar b que.  But one has to go long and far out here to find the elements of what makes the Hawaii food scene so great in close proximity.  I love Vietnamese food.  This was one of my early quests as soon as I got out here.Pho So 1 is located in the chinatown district of Las Vegas.  The Chinatown here is more of an Asiatown, incorporating Chinese, Vietnamese, Thai, Filipino, Korean and Japanese restaurants, shops, services and industry.  It was 3 months into my move that I finally got a taste of Vietnamese cuisine...what a relief, as I was used to it at least once a week in Hawaii.  Pho So 1 is large by Vietnamese restaurant standards.  It will seat about 150, and is open from 9am to 3am daily.  Business is always brisk to crowded.  I tend to be a late night client and it's always bustling at this time, but I've always gotten a seat without waiting.My first visit:  Large pho #14 with tendon, lean beef, fatty brisket, stomach.  An order of  what we call summer roll in Hawaii, but is called spring roll out here.  And what we call spring roll in Hawaii is called egg roll here, but is not like the traditional Chinese eggrolls you get at the chop suey houses out here or at Jack in the Box...a little confusing.  I also had my beloved Vietnamese iced coffee.The "spring roll" was a welcome delight.  Every bit as good as the best "summer" rolls I've had in Hawaii.  The correct wrap, with the right pull, tenderness and slight chew.  This summer roll is fat with a great balance of noodles, lettuce, basil, pork and shrimp.  Served with a serviceable peanut sauce that I like to enhance with a squirt of Sri racha.  Selicious.The pho was big.  Copious amounts of meat and meat by products, I would say almost twice the amount at Hawaii Vietnamese restaurants.  Also almost bowl covering amounts of onion, green onion, cilantro on top which I love.  Noodles are also ample.  The broth is mellow but rich with a slight background of anise.  Also served on the side is the usual suspects of bean sprouts, basil, jalapenos and other greens.  I must say the bean sprouts here are pristine white and clean.  The problem is the broth is luke warm to my taste.  This has been the case each time I went.  They do steam the noodles separately because as I break the noodles, I do get a small release of heat, the the broth itself is not very hot...I wonder if this is a mainland thing with lawsuits of people burning themselves with hot liquid.  On a side note, a Korean restaurant I ate at next door to this place would not allow me to take out their ban chan or na mul because of lawsuits....I think the ignorant bought the kim chee and let it sit forever like dill pickles and got sick....that's another story.The ice coffee came via the tableside French press method, so I waited with great anticipation after a 3 month lack of iced coffee.  Their was a LOT of condensed milk....it really needed it.  The coffee sharp astringently bitter, not the real deal.....if you use all the condensed milk you have sweet coffee milk....sigh.Something else to try is their Hanoi style pork and egg roll Bun.  I have not seen this style of Bun in Hawaii.  This method plates the dish rather than in a bowl.  Two types of pork are served, the traditional grilled pork slices, sweet and robust, and a "pork loaf" grilled that is very meaty, not bready.   The usual veggies are laid out with the vermicelli, the meat kept away from the cold veggies in a separate dish.  The difference is the full leaf lettuce, meant to be used to wrap your meat, noodles and condiment vegetables, fish sauce and hot sauces.  This dish definitely covers the taste senses of sweet, spicy, salt, bitter, sour.  Textures are covered of crunch, chew, squish, warm, cold.  Nutrition covered with protein, carbohydrates both low and high glycemic varieties, vitamins, minerals, fats, sugars....clean and fresh with hints of grilled burn from the meat....pure gastronomic satisfaction.
4	I tried this restaurant while I was in town for the New Year holiday; I thought the food was great, authentic, and priced fairly.  The portions were just the right amount for me (since I ordered appetizer, main, dessert, and a drink), but the individual dishes are slightly smaller than what I am accustomed to from other Vietnamese restaurants.  Flavor, however, was great on everything I had on both my visits here.  The food tasted quite fresh and service was quite good.  Even though this place was crowded with a line out the door, service is managed well enough that we didn't have to wait much to get a table nor to get our food.
4	When it comes to Pho in Vegas...look no further. You will not find any better Pho even on the strip.
4	Pho is the perfect breakfast for the morning after.  Love the fact that they open at 9:00 a.m.  In fact, I suspect they open earlier than that, because when we arrived at 9:00 a.m., there were 2-3 tables of families already eating.
3	Solid pho thats open late in Vegas. The broth doesn't have alot of deep flavor, i think its missing or doesn't have enough allspice or clove. They do give alot of meat, which is good because when I get pho, I want almost equal meat to noodle ratio. The service is fast and courtesy. I would recommend this place when craving something soup-y after a night of clubbing and drinking.
4	OK AFTER MANY VISITS AND NUMEROUS AMOUNTS OF MOUTH WATERING PICS, I AM FINALLY DOING MY REVIEW ON THIS PLACE.Whenever I come here, I get one of 3 options.1. Pho (Beef Noodle Soup). I get the rare steak, flank, and brisket option. If you dont want your broth as greasy, minus the brisket. Just your basic pho with nothing but meat. No tendons or tripe. This would be a good choice for you first timers that dont wanna second guess what's in your soup. For you adventurers and seasoned vets, the combination has everything in it. Don't forget about the bean sprouts, cilantro, mint leaves, and sliced jalapenos that come on a separate plate for you to throw in there at your discretion.2. Rice Vermicelli. I usually get the Charbroiled Beef or Pork with Egg rolls and Vegetables. I get this because it comes with the crispy egg rolls that they make so good. So instead of ordering it as a side item, it already comes with it. They give you a small cup of sweet n sour fish sauce to mix in your bowl for that complete flavor.3. Rice Dish. I get the Diced Beef with Grilled Onions accompanied by Tomato Fried Rice. Very tender cuts of sirloin pan fried in oil and soy sauce. Very flavorful.I have also have tried their Seafood Barbeque Combination. When you order this they bring out a portable grill heated by a specific gel. On a separate plate they give you raw shrimp, beef, squid, and tripe. You cook these items yourself. So basically, this is their version of Korean Barbeque. It's pretty much guaranteed this is what you will be smelling when you walk in there. This is what parties of 3 or more usually get because for about 25 bucks you get a decent amount of food.Last but not least, I have heard great things about their Beef Salad. Eventually I will get it and it will probably be my fourth option.These guys are open until about 3 am 7 days a week 365 days a year. I know this because Christmas Day nobody wanted to cook so we went here. Their service is very efficient and they always seem to be fully staffed every time I go.The only negative thing that brings them to 4 instead of 5 stars is that the floor always seems to be littered with misc things. Not to the point where its piled up but if you look hard enough, you will see it. I will give them a pass because everything else makes up for it. Any questions? Message me and I will tell you everything I know! You can also check out their website: www.phoso1.comKeep in mind, not all they have on their physical menu is on their website menu.
5	Best Pho in vegas. Must be something amazingly addicting in their broth, because lately it's all I can really think about. Going to start calling it phocaine lol. I normally get Pho with Brisket only and no pasta, I'm really only there to get loaded on the most delicious liquids. The broth, amazing! The jasmine tea, double amazing! The thai tea, would be triple amazing if only they had boba and the serving was bigger. It's never really enough. The Cabernet was also delicious despite it being sutter home?? The only downside is the fresh spring rolls I order when I'm with company didn't come with peanut sauce, and when I do request it, it's not as amazing as it should be. A little to much soy sauce not enough peanut. Other than that I suggest trying this place over any other pho restaurant in town. Everyone seems super friendly and will go the distance to make a custom order if you have picky friends like me ;)
3	The essentials to Pho are the following: the broth, the noodles, and the trimmings.I felt that the broth was decent though, and so was the noodles. They gave me soo much meat though, which only tasted so so.
4	Pork vermicelli is light fresh and flavorful. This place has great food! Simple atmosphere, family friendly, and affordable!
5	Love this place  lot of fresh vegetable.big portionfriendly staff
5	The best pho I've found in Vegas. Good noodles. Quick service. Next to a Chinese supermarket so you can go for a cheap booze run after (or before if it's that kind of day).I got the house special pho. My vegetarian friend (weird, I know, that I have any of those...) was actually able to find something he could eat--vegetable with fried noodles or something. The rest of our table got the house special pho.No complaints all around. We were all so hungover from drinking all morning and afternoon that by 6pm after a well earned nap, we couldn't stomach the thought of another shot. Pho So 1 saved the day. And night that followed.
4	Had Pho Tai there and the soup was good the place was ok, i am a bigger PHAN of Pho little saigon. hope this helps
4	Seated quickly despite a full restaurant and lobby. Delicious food. Looking forward for a second visit.
2	This is a pretty standard pho spot,  with comfortable booths,  and less comfortable tables with chairs.  The staff can be kind of unattentive at times if you dont keep their attention.  There are no booths able to accommodate groupa larger than 4, and more than 4 needs to sit at the tables in pretty close proximity to other guests.  Overall a pretty good value.  My favorite is the triple meat beef tripe and the spring rolls. Cheers! -MikeB
1	they are quite generous with the veggies, but the broth is totally off. it's very bland and is not full of flavor. it almost tastes as though it's watered down. nothing spectacular with the spring rolls either. we ordered a drink, and it was not brought out but we were charged for it. =/
4	We came here literally because of the Pho So 1 in Van Nuys. We are such fans of the van nuys location that we went out of our way during our trip to Vegas to eat here. They are under the same ownership but this one is understandably not the same as the Van Nuys location. Still great pho though!
1	I had such high hopes for this place because of the high reviews, but i was sadly disappointed, my pho dac biet arrived so clear i could see all the way to the bottom of the bowl, i had never had pho broth that was extremely clear i feel like they just gave me a bowl of salt water with noodles and beef in it...after i got done eating i felt like i had a belly full of seawater. This is the second pho place i have tried and will not be back, i recommend jenni pho instead.
3	Bo Nuong Vi is yummy.Pho is just okay.The last trip I had there wasn't as great. The spring rolls had some type of old taste to it. The "Com tam bi cha suong nuong" (rice, dry shredded pork, egg cake omelette, pork chop) was good except for some reason half of the pork chop was delicious but the other half was super dry - how did that happen?This is a great fall back plan, but normally not my number 1 pick.
5	Give me pho or give me death! This place is so good. When you are driving around in Chinatown you will notice two things: the mind boggling number of foot reflexology stores and the incredible number of places to get Pho. I can't speak, yet, for the best place for your feet but I can recommend Pho So 1 for a wonderful meal. Delicious and authentic. The #10 Pho Dac Biet Xe Lua is incredibly filling and a bargain. The spring rolls in all honesty could be a meal instead of an appetizer. They are so big and delicious.
5	My fave place by far for Pho, its my fave place also for comfort food. I love the #11!!!
5	Love it.  Love it.  Love it.  We come here every year on our annual vacation.  The food is delicious, although it was a bit salty today.  The service was excellent.  The waiters are very friendly.
5	Best and fastest serving pho I've had in town. And everything else on their menu is amazing as well! Great prices and awesome servers.
3	Used to go here all the time until the last few times I walked in and couldn't handle all the dirty dishes sitting around and good covering the floor. I don't plan on going back. They really need some more staff or something.
4	I love the Pho here!  I am hooked.
5	Being 100% Vietnamese and having both parents originally from Vietnam, Pho So 1 is our go to place if we want to go out to eat for Vietnamese food.  The prices are very reasonable and the service is as good as it can get in Chinatown.  The pho here is very delicious.  I would recommend the pho tai (rare steak) and the pho dac biet (combination of everything: steak, brisket, flank, and tripe).  If you are feeling a little more adventurous, I would also recommend the Bo Tom Nuong Vi.  This dish is basically a dyi spring roll.  They bring out uncooked marinated beef and shrimp with a small grill.  With the grill, you will cook up your own beef and shrimp and roll them up into spring rolls (they provide all the fixings for you).  It's a little extra work, but the dish is absolutely delicious.  I highly recommend this place.
5	Bun Bo Hue.... that is all I have to say. You don't always find bun bo hue with that much flavor but this place has it all. I'll be back for sure
5	Cheap  and good pho! They have a good pho! Authentic taste, really good broth, and large portions!And their Bun Ga Nuong and Charbroiled Pork.. Yums!
4	Pho Ga (chicken pho soup) and crunchy egg rolls were both awesome! The broth was delicious and the prices were less expensive than other pho places. We'll come back here for sure!
4	I love the pho so 1
3	Fast service...the food is okay nothing special.  The egg roll is the best thing they have on the menu...they are very generous on vegetables.   The spring roll, on the other hand, was way too chewy for me.  The floor was super dirty....
5	We were referred here by friends and now is the only place we go for Pho. The service and food has been fantastic on each visit and the prices are quite friendly as well. Definitely recommend!
2	Pho so 1 use to be my favorite place for vietnamese food, I remember coming here every week for years and years. I have to admit the food here still taste great but the service is aweful. They have a sign that says" please wait to be seated" so i would stand next to the sign for like 10 freaken mins while everyone and there mom would just cut me lolz DU MA! Anywayse once you are seated, it takes another 10 mins for them to come get your order lolz.  I understand that sometimes its BUSY, but not freaken every time haha. Anywayse the food here is still great but it's not worth the wait .
3	The spring rolls were really delicious! The food was good too! The only bad thing was the service...they ignored us and my dad basically had to be our waiter!
4	this is the place i tend to eat at when im in vegas and want good vietnamese food.  Very friendly service and good food at a great price. This place has not ever let me down once. No crazy long lines and no wait. Every since person who works here is very friendly and they treat all their customers like they were regulars. I wish more establishments in vegas especially those big hotels hand friendly customer service just like this establishment.
1	Probably the worst Vietnamese place, I have experienced! When it comes to costumer service this hits a all time low. After being seating at a booth for 15 minutes, I had to flag down a waiter for the menu (Minus a star)! It seems the like the waitress and waiter are all gathered around the cash register talking amongst themselves to care! We have to inform the waiter that we never got any cold water (Minus another star). The waiter decides to gives us an attitude when we was placing our order (Minus another star)!WARNING: The establishment itself is a OVEN!!!Lacking AC in this weather is not a welcoming place to dine. When I ask about the AC the waiter claim it is working (on) and the heat is cause by the weather outside! Sorry that was a load of crap! I posted a picture of the thermostat of the restaurant and it reads 90 Fahrenheit. I am not a high maintenance person but temperature that high ruins the dinning experience. The food is nothing to rave about! The chicken dish was dry! The grill pork and egg roll with vermicelli was decent! You could have gotten this in another Vietnamese restaurant. I could not imagine eating Pho here because of the heat! Personally with the lack of AC (Las Vegas being so hot) with bad costumer service, I would NOT RECOMMEND this place based on today experience!
4	The best Vietnamese restaurant in Las Vegas in my opinion. They are always crowded especially during the weekend. All of their food is authentic, the portion is big, and my family loves it. Although we always got our order really quickly, the service is not very great there. They had a lot of waters/waitress on the floor every time I was there, but they either ignored us, or tried to be busy on other things else that were not really  important. Well, I don't think it is a big deal because their food is so delicious.
4	My family's go-to for Vietnamese food. The pho is delicious, piping hot, and all at a great price. I love getting their bo luc lac is my favorite, soft and flavorful. We've gone here everytime we go to vegas, at least once a year ever since I was little. Bring your family in to try!
3	First day of summer + making it to Vegas within 4 hours during EDC weekend called for a celebration of only one thing: a hot bowl of pho in the Vegas heat -.-Hits:* Big restaurant with lots of seating (that still feels hole-in-the-wall) so I'm assuming if there is a wait, it isn't long* For large parties, they can easily split the tab at the cashier when you're closing out the check* Decent pho, but nothing extraordinary that stood out* A server dropped off a water pitcher at our table for us to refill ...Good call!* A pho place that takes card in Chinatown :)Lessons Learned:* Leave the French drip filter alone if you don't want your coffee to drip slower than molassesI'll come back with friends if they suggest it, but I'd rather go elsewhere to cure a hangover.
4	Good pho with flavorful broth.  Crispy, delicious egg rolls.  Generous with bean sprouts, basil, mint, lime.  Fast, efficient service.  Would give 5 stars if restaurant had working A/C.
5	Truly one of my favorites, cheap and perfectly flavored, its always busy so you know its good, the combo with a couple extra meatballs, is a home run.   Add  Hot sauce and some other combos on the table..whalla...Fah  as in PHANTASTIC!
4	I used to come here very regularly, but it's been a minute since I've been back to Pho So 1 and I have to say they have remained consistent. The food wasn't as good as I remembered but it was still really solid and service was on par. We were served quickly and our server was friendly.I haven't tried their pho recently but the vermicelli bowl was good and had lots of fresh veggies, which made it all the better.
3	I have to admit, this place is just ok to me. I like a few of their options, but I usually get a rice plate and I didn't really love it. Refills were hard to come by, which was annoying, but it's ok for the price.
4	Service is quick and to the point, the place is full of smoke because they bbq in the restaurant need more vent.Rare beef noodle soup is one of my favorite.
4	Their broth is pretty good here. Taste really fresh
5	My new Pho stop when I get in town, love the broth, good service, always find a table.  good portions of meat.
4	i can only give a 4-star since i only came in for to-go.i just moved to las vegas and heard several good reviews about this place so i decided to give it a try. i came in around 8pm and the place was packed - keep in mind they open until 3am. i ordered pho with meatballs and bo luc lac just to try it out.i thought it was nice they offered me a seat and handed me a glass of ice water while i wait. i noticed they also sell beer and other beverages, there is a lot a lot of workers so i'm sure you'll get undivided attention if you dine in. i scammed around the restaurant while waiting and noticed a ton of non-asians. they say if an asian restaurant is filled with non-asians then don't trust the place, lol but this place was actually really decent!my soup was steaming hot even by the time i got home and it was delicious! it was so much food that i could barely finish (and i am a fatass), i thought the broth was on point.overall, i think this place is pretty bomb and i would prefer this place over pho kim long. give it a try!
3	Decent Pho place in vegas.  Came here on a Thursday afternoon around 11:30am and it started getting packed as the minutes went on.  I love pho ga (chicken) because I love chicken broth.  Not much of a beef person so i got the chicken pho.  To my dismay, the chicken was super dry.  The broth on the other hand was delicious.  My boyfriend thought his pho was okay too.  No other place to get pho than in Westminster back in California!  NOTE:-one bathroom-chairs are dirty since there was so much dust bunnies in the carving design on the backs of the chairs!
4	My go to place to satisfy my craving for Vietnamese food. They have delicious pho, great rice dishes and vermicelli. Usually has a good amount of customers, but today during lunch it was super packed. Thai tea is made pretty well. Pho has perfect ratio of noodles soup and meat and the portions are just enough to satisfy the craving, but not too much where I feel like I'm about to explode. The water actually doesn't taste like faucet water.Another good thing is the plaza has a good amount of parking. I would probably come here more of it wasn't so far from where I lived.
3	This is a decent pho place. It's a pretty large restaurant for pho so I'm assuming the service was slow because there was a lunch rush around when we showed up. It took probably 20 minutes for our food to arrive after we ordered. Not sure what the hold up was! Don't be put off by the servers here though, it is standard for a traditional Asian place. Very cut and dry, sit you down, take your order, give you your drinks, wait for your food, eat, pay at the register, and go.Oh the prices are nice too. $6.75 for a "small" bowl, which was enough to fill me up.I got the #13 beef pho with flank and brisket. The beef broth was decent, not the most flavorful I've ever had, but still good. The meat was very good! And there was A LOT of it! Large tender slices that was very proportional with the amount of noodles (ie, I still had meat left to go with the noodles by the end of the bowl). I was very happy with this, and very satisfied and full by the end of the small bowl!My friends had the pho ga (chicken pho) but said the meat was dry and not that good.The place was steamy and a muggy inside, could probably use some fans and ventillation given it's Las Vegas weather with hot soup/grilled items being served inside. The place looks clean but the tables were sticky, but that can sometimes be a good sign for a pho place. :) In this case it was not completely inaccurate.
4	It's been a tradition in family for us to always go here before we go back to Cali. My favorite thing to get is bun cha gio Tom thit nuong!
4	Decent pho place. Took off a star for dirty spoon and bad service. The food was good, hit the spot and comparable to pho Kim long down the street.
5	hands down best pho in vegas!, they also have a place located in van nuys california which is my home town, service is great but does get pretty packed at certain times, definitely hits the spot when craving something hot, spicy, lemony and delicious!
4	I was introduced to this place nearly a year ago by some co-workers. Outstanding! I have been several times and will continue to return. Although it has been a little while since I have visited Pho So, the waitress recognized me and asked if I wanted my usual, the steak salad with fresh veggies and rice. The steak is tender and juicy with just enough seasoning and spice. The egg rolls were fantastic as an appetizer. Definitely one of my better dining experiences. It's usually busy at lunch time, but it's never an issue with the attentive and efficient staff. The food is always served up fast and fresh.
5	This is the best Viet food I have had on the planet. Kudos to this resturant for doing it good, doing it big and staying open late. I tried the Vermicelli Pork bowl add bean paste shrimp and it did not disappoint.  The Pho here is as good if not better then any I have had in Vietnam. Wash it all down with a Viet Iced Coffee and you have what I like to call Heaven in the mouth. There is a reason this place is jam packed full of regulars. This is the real deal. Can't wait to get back to Vegas to hit this place up again!!! and Again and Again!
2	Dont eat here its nasty and they recycle their food.. The only good thing about this restaurant is its damn cheap hhahaha if you are cheap and want cheap quality of food then you eat here you cheap ass hahahah
4	Hands down, my favorite Pho spot in Vegas. I always get the Grilled Pork Vermacelli bowl. I take all my friends there. Quick service and delicious food!
5	If I could give this place 10 stars I would. This is the best Viet food in Vegas and the best Viet food I have had anywhere in the country of over 12 years of traveling the country trying Viet places all over. It is no mystery why this place is always crowded. You can not go wrong with the Pho here but I usually opt to get the vermicelli bowl with grilled pork, egg rolls and add the bean paste shrimp. This is one of my favorite dishes to eat anywhere. Meat is smokey good and everything is done perfectly fresh. My other go to dish here is the Cubed Beef Salad. It is like Filet Mignon over a bed of lettuce and yummy grilled onions. I always wash it down with a Viet Iced Coffee.  I love that this place is open late and the prices are so reasonable. No trip to Las Vegas is every complete with out a trip to Pho So 1!
5	Good late night food, been here a couple times with friends and family. I like their tripe and pho. The waiter is funny and friendly, this is my go to pho place. I usually go here for late night meals.
5	Pho So 1 is my go to Pho place! Even their location in Reseda, CA. The lightening fast service is why I go to this Pho place. I don't like waiting 15 to 20 mins just to get a table at other places, and wait another 10 just for them to order my food. At this Pho place they will seat you within 5 mins and they take your orders right away and the food will be ready in less than 10 mins. Honestly the pho in this restaurant is the best pho i've tasted and I don't think any competitors and beat the pho in PHO SO 1.
4	I'm a fan only when I am in Vegas partying or visiting family. My family always go to Pho Kim Long, but finally they tried this place and it's so much better. The broth here is savory and not salty. My goodness they load your bowl with noodles and meat that I couldn't finish it, but it's worth what you spend. The only problem I have with this place is their service, their servers do not come around to fill up the waters..argh..I hate that especially, when it's hot and spicy with siracha.
4	Want pho? Get pho? Pho so 1 is the best for late night pho and a good meal after a long night of being on the town, partying hard, or just getting off of work. The broth warms you right to your soul and the portions are always very generous. The staff is very accommodating and give great service. The large menu is a plus and a minus in my opinion. If you are familiar with the food it is a welcome assortment but for someone like me, it gets confusing. The restaurant is clean and the staff makes quick work of a finished table. Overall a great pho place. Go try it out for yourself and tell me how it was for you!
1	Well two days later and I am still sick from food poisoning.  I came from all the positive reviews  as I have just moved from Hawaii. It was the last meal I have had in three days.  I had #12 with added beef balls.  All my sides looked recycled and soup had a strong lime taste.  Needless to say I will not be back.
5	Love the food...my number one choice for pho during late night hours. Service is quick and friendly. Only place I'll eat the Bun Rieu. Cheap and worth the drive from the south side.
5	My favorite Pho place! Order number 54 with a side of grilled chicken and prepare for heaven.
4	My name is Gavin. I am a pho-a-holic. Let my share my story. I am a weekly regular here at Pho So1 for a reason! Having tried many pho places in LV, I keep coming back to this one for one thing...THE SOUP. This is the hands down best pho in Vegas. No questions. It's food crack, really. I just can't get enough. The broth has mystical powers and calls to me at strange times, begging for my return. The noodles and meat mingle in the bath of harmonious flavor and never fail to make me mmmmmmmm. Always order the Dac Biet #10 if you're really hungry or 14 if you're just normal. Tender brisket, delicious flank, melty chewy tendon and tripe if you want it. It's heaven in a bowl, baby. It'll cure what ails ya. Thank you Pho So1, for making me an addict.Only words of wisdom, avoid the lunch rush on the weekend especially and order quickly.. Some days they get crazy busy and service suffers. Still, I love em to death.
4	This place has pretty good pho. Its a little watery and lacks cinnamon/anise flavor. Nobody really cares about service at Viet places but overall it was not bad, just don't expect much and you won't be disaspointed.
2	Service was all right, the food was pretty good, but the bathrooms didn't look clean at all. I usually check the bathroom to determine the cleanliness of a place and the bathroom was disgusting. The smell of the last occupant lingered for a good 5 minutes and I still felt dirty even after I washed my hands.Anyway, the food was pretty good. I'm not really a Pho connoisseur so I got the basic pho with beef balls. The server we had was all right. He didn't ask if I wanted a refill on my drink which bothered me because he refilled everyone else's but mine.
5	This place has the best Pho in town.  I don't often go to a Pho restaurant, but when I do... I only get Pho, usually the mixed special with all the flank tripe tendon things in it.  And the place has the best Pho and best broth in Las Vegas.  Love it!
5	Been coming here for almost 20 years! So yummy. it all tastes exactly like my family used to make. I've watched this business grow and grow! I feel like I grew up with the sons. :) I work on the strip and I've met people who always make it a point to come here when they are in town. I don't need to go into details, if you like Vietnamese cuisine, this is where you have to go.
4	PROS: Delicious, hot food! The egg rolls (#1) are crazy good. I go here all the time and order completely different things each time, and I'm never disappointed. I've tried everything from soup to rice dishes! the taste is authentic and great :) it's cheap($13 and below), healthy, and comes in big portions, which I love! If you ask, they are happy to tell you what the most popular, most delicious items are. Mainly because the list to order from is pretty long! CONS: The service can be either excellent or iffy depending on who is serving you. Sometimes getting a table can be a bit of a wait. Bathrooms need to be cleaned better! lol
4	I always come here when I'm in vegas. Their pho is decent and hence the four stars, not five.  I love their bo nuong vi...their mam nem is soooo good. :-) this sauce isn't meant for everyone. They tend to very busy during the lunch hour and opens late. Nothing beats pho after a night of drinking!
4	Was craving pho so I came here to meet with my brother and his friend. I ordered #10 (pho with tripes, brisket, tendon, etc), eggrolls and the red bean drink. Pho had a lot of food in there which was awesome. Eggrolls were yum and I was alright about the red bean drink. It's not the greatest. There really wasn't any service at all but I didn't feel like we needed anything anyways.
4	Most definitely worth driving a little farther down spring mountain to get here. - parking lot is bigger and bigger is always better..to avoid bad drivers and for more parking spaces, of course.- no wait like the one you always get at pho kim long.- they give you TONS of meat in your pho. Happy recovery!
5	We've been coming here for 10 years now for lunch and dinner.  By far the best place for the Pho and the service is so fast.  You must check them out whether you're a local or a tourist in town.  They are always busy which is a good sign obviously.
1	Meat was very hard like rubbery. Ordered large but it seems like small portion...just in a big bowl. Ordered egg rolls and they came out all burned. Don't go here.  Not worth the money.
4	Location: Better than the majority of the other Pho place. Ample parking. Wait time: 10-15 minute at times. Service: Prompt, Server knowledgeable. Friendly.Decor: Acceptable. The place is old. Food:Spring Roll: Good. Wasnt too soggy and rubbery. Peanut sauce:ExcellentBBQ Pork Vermicelli: Excellent. Flavorful. Portion:GoodPho: Good.Wasnt too greasy. Meat:GoodOverall experience: Good.I give it 4.5. Why not 5? Because of the decor =-D.Strictly food; ExcellentWill return again.
1	I should have walked out upon seeing a roach in the woman's bathroom but I was with a large party and didn't have that type of influence on them.  So I went ahead and placed my order, the vegetable pho.  The pho tasted okay.  I've had better, I've had worse.  My rating for the pho is 3 stars.  The table next to use ordered something that required them to bbq at their table.  This restaurant has absolutely no ventilation system that gives them the right to allow bbq-ing at your table.  The smoke was trapped in the restaurant making your eyes hurt and difficult to breath.  When I mentioned this to the cashier, he acknowledged the lack of ventilation and apologized.  I got the impression that they are aware of  this issue but aren't interested in making any changes.  After factoring in the roach and the lack of ventilation, they are down to 1 star.  Would give a 0 star if that was possible.
4	This is located in a big shopping plaza off the strip but not too far. Apparently there is many similar ones, not sure if they are all a chain. The wait time took awhile even on a Sunday night!The pho quality is definitely up there and is pretty authentic. I could barely finish it. Other than that, it's a very typical pho place that fills your drunken needs. Service could be improved a bot but that's about my only gripe.
3	very big restaurant with lots of seating .had the shrimp pho and seafood egg noodle soup  . taste was ok .... I like my broth a little less sweet .good thing about this place  is , that they open until really late .
5	Yum.Thick slices of meat.  Not the thin frozen market sliced ones.  The portion of meat to bowl is very tasty. The broth is very good as well. I always get my Pho with the meat on the side. Slightly dip in the broth for a little and squeeze lime over it. Soo good!Overall: Definitely new pho spot when I come back to LV.
5	A review long over due. I am a regular here thanks to my Vietnamese friends' recommendation!  Everything is yummy, but I usually get the barbecue combination and fried egg rolls with lettuce. They are very generous portion, be sure to go with friends. Love their food!
3	Good solid food. Not much I can say about this place. They worked fast to clean the tables for us and within seconds of sitting down, we were already asked if we were ready to order. Nope. Need a few more minutes please. Okay. I got their beef ball noodle soup. Honestly, the pho taste just like every other pho place I been to. Nothing out of the ordinary, but their beef balls were kind of hard to chew. The only thing I really liked about this place was their egg rolls which had a good amount of flavor in it. Overall, I'll give this place 3 stars. The food wasn't totally extraordinary but it was good and the prices are affordable.
4	I thought I'd already found the best pho in Las Vegas last month, but Jennifer L. said that I have to try Pho So 1 if I was serious about my quest. I accepted the challenge.They were doing pretty brisk business at about 2:30pm, which I wouldn't think is a peak time for lunch. It was a good sign. I was tempted to order the pho dac biet, but I gravitated toward my childhood favorite pho chin nam (well-done brisket and flank) as soon as I saw it on the menu. A small bowl is $6.95, and a large bowl at $7.95, which is probably about par for the course here in Vegas.It took at least 5 minutes for them to come out with my bowl, which may not be a good sign. The best places will have a broth going and be able to fill a bowl very quickly. However, my worries disappeared when I started filling my mouth with piping hot goodness. The broth is nice and seems relatively clean, and the meat is generous. The portion size is also pretty standard.There were things that could've been better though. Unfortunately, I think the only upgrade from the small to the large is the amount of meat, not the pho noodles. I started running out of noodles about two-thirds of the way through. I also got a relatively small portion of thai basil on the side, but at least it's fresh. Most egregiously however, the flank meat was hardly cut at all, so I found myself tearing away at the huge slices with my mouth. I did enjoying having a large piece of meat in my mouth, but it's probably too much for some people to handle.For now, Pho Kinh Do is still the best in Vegas for my money, but I have no problems recommending this place as well. I might even go back and try some of the other dishes on the menu if I'm in the area.
4	Consistently great Pho open late till the wee hours. Good, hearty portions and good prices. Love that their vegetarian Pho doesn't use beef broth and is just about $7 a bowlTried a few bites of the bf's Bun Rieu which was something different and delish...wish it didn't have the duck blood though but thats just my preference as I like to keep pescatarian.Ever since I've had Vegas Pho / Viet, it has upped my standards for Vietnamese food...NY viet just pales (sucks) in comparison.
3	The food was delicious and my kids loved it. I did not love the service, though.  The waitress was weird & rude. When she took my order she didn't even look at me... She just walked by, wrote what we wanted, and left with a face of ignorance.
4	Pho was really good...
4	The pho is always tasty and full of whatever meat you decide to order. Servers aren't obnoxious and the prices are very fair. paying at the cashier rather than your table is a nice and convenient touch.
5	I absolutely love pho so 1. Delicious authentic Vietnamese food. The staff is great. I've been a customer for 7yrs.
4	I live so close to Little Saigon (down in SoCal) so I'm pretty spoiled with really great Vietnamese food. It's hard to find good, or even decent, Vietnamese food outside Little Saigon and so I was surprised when I found this place. My friend took me here and I was skeptical at first, but this place definitely has decent pho. Each bowl is about $7 and the broth and everything was good. If you're in Vegas and looking for a good pho place, this is the place to go!NOTE: they only take card with a minimum of $15, anything under is cash only
1	I don't know if the owner changed but the service was horrible. We had to keep asking for our hot tea. It didn't come until we were half way done with our meal.
2	Service is superfast, however the servers look like they don't wanna be there :) now to the quality of the pho, I've had #21 which is vegeterian pho , it was super LOUSY I ate here several times and this is the worst I've had however once it was delicious so it can be hit or miss . With so many pho places in town i'll steer away from this place for a while ...
5	What a pleasant surprise! Good Pho in Vegas. Our group arrived around 10PM, and the place was packed. Our server promptly seated us, and then proceeded to take our order when he saw we were ready. I ordered a Pho Chin Nam, and the pho was ready within 5 minutes. The reason why I like Pho So 1 pho so much was that the broth was done right. It was not over MSGed like most pho places. The broth had a lot of flavor in it. In addition, Pho So 1 included plenty of meat. The beef was thinly sliced and was melt in your mouth delicious. The veggies were clean and fresh. Couldn't ask for more.Pho So 1 makes one mighty fine bowl of pho. When visiting Vegas again, this will be our go to pho spot.
4	Why is it that Chinese and Vietnamese service tends to be lacking when it comes to guest care? They are always packed and it is sometimes hard to get a decent seat. Most of the time I am stuck at a table close to the entrance and the presence of a draft hitting me.Getting a server to approach you often takes some time. Waving at them will only irritate the best even more. It is best to just sit tight and wait until they are ready for you. With that being said, you better be ready to order once they come around. With all the cons, why is it even worth going? The answer, the food. I do like them better than their hectic and obnoxiously busy competition. The grilled shrimp wraps are amazing. They set down a portable grill in the middle of the table and all of the condiments for spring rolls and you just assemble them yourselves. It is absolutely delicious. Their pork and shrimp spring rolls are okay. After eating my mom's there is no doubt that homemade is better. Their pho is good for when I can't have my dad's. I still get thirsty, so that is a sign that I cannot be eating pho at restaurants too often.
2	Another Pho place and of course shitty customer service. If there was a book on shitty customer service they would take the cover. I can't stress how bad the customer service is here. It's really bad, really really bad.The food however is really good. I would consider this one of the best pho in town. I've had a few places around town, and this might be the best.I would visit this place a lot more if the customer service was better. I think I visit this place once maybe twice a year.I consider this the best pho in town, and the customer service is so bad that I only visit twice a year, so think about that statement. That sums up this place!
5	I Love this place they have the best steak spring rolls and hot jasmin tea. Best pho in town not including my girlfriends moms pho!! The service is ok, but the food makes up for any miscommunication.
3	Tasty place for a late-night bowl of pho- they're open til 3AM!Ordered the #10 (pho with rare brisket, tripe, and more, then added meatballs for $1.50 extra) and the #54 vermicelli bowl with pork and eggroll. Food arrived quickly, and was tasty- soup was piping hot, pork in vermicelli bowl had a good char on it, and the inclusion of the eggrolls in the bowl negated the need for an appetizer. Portions for both were generous. Toppings for pho and fish sauce for bowl were fresh and brought out promptly after placing our orders.Service was polite and friendly, water and tea were brought over before we even asked. SIgnage above each table indicates that you are to pay the cashier up front using your table number.Minus a star for $15 minimum- that's pretty high for a "minimum".
5	This place never seems to disappoint me. I'm always extremely satisfied on every visit. The food is great so as the service. It's a great family restaurant and caters crowd of every kind
1	Been here several times in the past.  Whenever we come to visit Las Vegas from Los Angeles, we would go here for lunch.   However, we recently tried their Pho and it is not the same. They either lost the original cook or changed their recipe because it tasted terrible. I am Viet, in an LA area, I know good Pho when I taste it. Must find a new Pho place in Las Vegas.
3	Pho places are always so hard to rate because they all kind of seem the same to me, to be perfectly honest.  The pho here was good, but I ordered mine with rare beef steak and tendon and they forgot the tendon.  The server took my bowl back into the kitchen and brought it back with tendon, but the broth was so hot that my rare steak was already cooked all through.  Their steak is a little tough as well.  Other than that, it was good. Not my first choice, but I'd go back if friends wanted to go there specifically.
3	I used to come here a lot more often than I used to, and I'm not sure if it's because I never appreciated food as much as I do now, but it's degraded.I always order #44 - the beef with soft or crispy rice noodle - and it's normally very good and filling, but they changed the method of cooking for the noodle. Before, ordering soft noodle would yield a sort of fried pancake that was softened by the sauce poured over the entire dish, but now it's actually just soft rice noodle. Hoping I could find the same consistency in the noodle, I previously opted for the crispy choice, but that's actually just a cluster of fried noodles.The spring rolls are still good - my brother's favorite - and the rice dishes are delicious, but the overall quality of ingredients and the amount of ingredients used has degraded quite a bit.I would recommend this place to a friend looking for a pho restaurant outside of Chinatown, especially since it's not as busy as it used to be. Usually, it's a good place for a reasonably-priced quick, casual lunch with friends.
5	THE BEST PHO IN LAS VEGAS!!!!!I order the same thing every time - #14 Special Combo, rare slices of steak, well-done brisket, flank, tendon and tripe. Describing Pho makes my mouth water. But really, I've tried as many Pho restaurants in Vegas (because this is so hard to get to and it's so inconvenient) but honestly... if you want Pho you have to do it right. The broth is perfect - not too greasy but OH SO flavorful. The service is hit or miss... you have to make sure they don't forget to put in your order. If they put in your order right away you will be staring at your bowl of heaven's broth and noodles in no time (about 5-10 mins). However, my order has been forgotten a couple of times.. but not worth docking stars. The taste makes up for it. MUST GO!
1	UGH NO! Today I ordered  chicken pho and when I got to the bottom noticed something brown in  the tangle of noodles I put in my spoon and saw it was indeed a small roach. The BF didnt say anything ( he shouldve) while we were eating but he wasnt touching his water because something was in it as well.If it wasn't for ordering chicken, maybe I wouldnt have noticed the roach until it was in my mouth if it was with little  brown beef bits like well done brisket.  It was also filthy in there too. Sticky bottles, the floor a mess, etc. It was busy, but there was quite a bit of employees so downtime could be used to maintain cleanliness.NONONONONONONONONO. it sucks because they weren't taking our order for the longest time and I decided if they didn't come after this last order they were serving we were going to walk out as 10minutes just sitting there after it's clear we were looking around and put down the menus. I wish I didn't have decent patience today as I could have avoided roach soup.We didn't pay, but that is not the point. It's the cost of fucking fastfood so it doesn't mean a lot. It shouldn't be happening.
4	Recommended by local poker players as the best pho in vegas. They were not bluffing. Huge portions and fresh pho feeeeeeexins. The BunBoHue was amazing. Savoury broth with appropriate meat to noodle ratio. Absolutely worth the trek off strip. #1 Vegas hangover cure. If only hotel room service was available......
3	To say this is the best pho place in Vegas, is sad. It used to be decent, but I ask you to try it out and see for yourself.SETTING: Located in the same plaza as market 168 and Honey Pig, it has a fair amount of parking. Be careful on the weekends when it's super crowded and everyone's a crappy driver. Restaurant is open, spacious. Seats and tables are gross and sometimes sticky. Might be a bit of a wait depending on the time and day. Fridays, saturdays, all major holidays are pretty packed. SERVICE: Hit-or-miss normally. Late-nights are good from 8pm-ish onwards when it's got a good crowd going, but they're still attentive. Can be very annoying trying to grab their attention. Like some asian places, don't expect them to pander, smile, or be fluffy with you. Cultural thing? Slightly. In vietnam, it's normally very business-like in the sense that you go eat and get out. You've got places to be. Casual. Still respectful though. Nothing personal. Am I the ONLY one that finds it bizarre that they serve hot tea in regular-size beverage cups?! Where are my teacups and teapot?! Not a huge deal, but it's comical to me. FOOD: one issue I've had consistently with the place for several years is the temperature of the broth. They either serve it slightly warm or barely hot. You might think this isn't an issue. Good pho is HOT (still shy of boiling hot) throughout the whole time you eat it and doesn't grow cold when you're almost or halfway finished. It also serves to cook your thin meat slices in there. I can't tell you how many times my pho has come out barely warm.If your pho comes out tongue-ready without having to blow on it (sorry, couldn't word that any differently :/ ), then they're doing it WRONG. Ruins the experience.Broth is normally flavorful for me, but nothing spectacular like "OH MY GOSH this is UH-MAZE-ING." I like to eat it as-is before manipulating it with hoisin and hot sauce. Whenever it is packed here, the food suffers. It's a pretty huge difference. Meat is fine, but I've found it oddly too tough sometimes. Hu tieu mi is one of my fave noodle soups, and they do a decent version of it. However, they LOAD so much into a bowl that it spills when I put my spoon and chopsticks in.Would I call this perfect or even the best pho in Vegas? No. It's mediocre bordering on okay, but I'm happy this place has some awesome love for it. I'd rather stay at home and make my own, honestly. Am I being elitist about this? Maybe. I've just had decent or excellent pho since I was kid to know the difference in quality.PROS: open late nights for the bar/club crowd and night owls. Okay pho, but seriously overrated. Good portions for both small and large bowls.CONS: service. The food. VERDICT: Okay food for the price. Affordable. Great option for when you're craving food to soak up all that alcohol late nights. If you're not super picky or don't care, it's an okay place to go. Far from the best, but still better than the worst.
4	Just what the doctor ordered, for a hangover.Very clean place, great selection of food. I got rib-eye steak pho. It was nice and greasy (in a good way). They don't skimp in the meat at all. The flavor was perfect. I also had the egg rolls. They were crunchy and hot. All of the veggies were fresh.
4	I believe that my taste buds changed because I used to really like this Vietnamese restaurant.  It is very authentic but my taste preference changed overtime.  For those who like pho, this is a good place to go to.  The only vegan option, I think, is there tofu vermicelli bowl.  I am not vegan but I thought I'd share that especially for that one person in a group that needs to know, "is there a vegan option?"...
4	Probably my favorite pho place around. I've tried most of the pho places around china town and I'd have to say this place ranks at the top. Their bowls are a pretty good size at a decent price. The food always comes out hot and fresh with tons of flavor. Our orders were taken pretty quickly and waters refilled occasionally.I usually get #10 and I like my steak on the side so they stay rare. Aside from their pho, I've had their bbq once and it was alright. I wouldn't normally go to a pho restaurant to get viet bbq though, that's just me. The spring rolls and egg rolls are pretty good sizes and tasty.
1	Worse food ever!!  My family went here for lunch for the first time and it will be the last time.  We had never tasted anything like before.  We got the com, pho, bun thit nuong, che, and it tasted really bad.
5	Got introduce here by my ex boss. Really nice place to have lunch or dinner. Food are great. I'd say A+ to their service. Will come here more often.
3	This is your best value in town for Pho!!Food is always consistent, and decent. Prices are very good, but when you get the bill,  check it against the menu. They like to sneak an extra dollar or two in there.Spring roll is good, but if you get it late at night, you know it was made at lunch time, and the penut sauce is not thick, so ask for an extra portion.The Pho is usually very good, though lateley, they have cut down on the portions of beef in the soup. This is not a place to take someone that you do not have a solid relationship with. In other words; if you're going on a date, I would suggest Ichiza, to impress, not this place. The floor looks like Mr. Clean's been on vacation for two weeks, the bathroom is frequently out of paper towels, and the floor nearby is sometimes slippery. Ahn D is right about the tables being sticky and gross. This place has been known to have Roaches who have lived in this place longer than most residents of Las Vegas. If you don't get the right waiter, you'll be unhappy. Don't be affraid to yell for a waiter. In the Asian Culture, there is almost no tipping, and the service reflects that custom. If you give a 10% tip, you're spoiling the help. Again, great for a larger gathering of cheap individuals, or family members you don't want to spend money on. If you come here on a first date, don't expect a second date.
5	My and my boyfriend's new favorite pho place. When we were craving some pho late at night, our usual go-to pho place in Korean Town had closed early, without our knowledge. Not wanting to drive all the way back home, I searched and called at other pho restaurants in the China Town area and this was the only one that was open late.Service is wonderful, they're all very attentive and polite. As soon as they seat you (which was immediately for us), they automatically set out some hot green tea. I love hot green tea with my pho. And the pho is great! I got the small vegetable pho and my boyfriend got the large chicken pho. I also ordered a side of fried tofu, which I'm happy the server got for me, even though he seemed confused at first. And the prices are just as good as the other pho place we usually go to, except at Pho So 1 there's no hair in my soup lol. Highly recommended!
3	Some of my old friends are Las Vegas locals, and I have them to thank because without them I never would've found out about Pho So 1. The restaurant is in a small strip mall in Chinatown Las Vegas, which would be easy to pass by if you weren't paying attention.I am in Vegas a lot for work, and I make an effort to come out to Pho So 1 pretty much every time I am in the area. The food is hit or miss sometimes - it ranges from average to amazing. For that alone I would normally give a 4-star rating, but the cleanliness and quality of service have declined a bit since I first started coming here.Restaurant is decent size and always seems busy, plus it is open pretty late which is convenient when you need pho as a hangover cure. Like I mentioned earlier, the pho tends to vary in quality but when it's good, it is really, really good. The egg rolls (cha gio - the fried egg rolls) are almost always excellent.I hate to say that aloof service tends to be pretty standard with most Asian restaurants, but it definitely seems to be the case here. Not that they're rude or mean, but they are not that attentive and can take quite a while to come around to you. My most recent visit, I didn't receive my ice water until I was nearly done with my pho despite the fact that I had been asking for it pretty frequently.That said, the quality of food here is almost always so good I can't resist. So I put aside my dislikes and drive out to Pho So 1 to dive into an awesome bowl of pho!
4	I came here because there was a wait at another pho place down the street. I ordered pho and the broth was good. It did not leave me quenching for water after so that's a good sign. They gave me a heaping amount of meat in my order! And I asked for 2 plates of onions and they happily obliged. Lots of meat & onions = winner for me. I will be back if I want pho next time I'm in Vegas.
4	We usually come here for pho, but tonight I'm treating my love to his childhood favorite , bo nuong vi! I still think the seating arrangement is weird, we stood in front waiting 10 minutes before we got seated. Food is always great!! Definitely reminds me of garden grove.
5	Great pho at a great price. Wonderful service too. My favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Vegas now. I eat here every week.
1	Found not only one hair but!! two hairs in my beef ball pho hahahaI had taken a photo and I think immediately when the workers saw, they look my bowl away - sadly the phone which had the photo got stolen.It sucks cuz this is one of the few places who open late (3am) but their service sucks and clearly so do their quality.Won't be back.
3	I have been here a few times so I thought I would finally review it. This place has pretty good pho! I can't complain about it at all. The broth, noodles & meat are all tasty! The only downside to this restaurant is the service, like others have mentioned. In fact, the service is pretty much atrocious and non existent. Every time I have been here, I've only seen my waiter once and that was to order my food. So, if you are expecting decent service, this is not the place for you.
4	Fast service, best pho around area. Don't even bother with Jenni Pho, service there is really slow.
4	Last night I was stoping by pho 1 and eat Vietnamese pho omg unforgettable tasting of pho in Las Vegas
5	I absolutely love this place . I've gone to many other places Jenni pho grill , old pho Saigon , pho sing sing , and little old Saigon those place are not bad but pho so 1 has the best egg rolls and the best pho  .
4	We've coming to this place since 2004, and although food is always great, service sometimes is inconsistent. The owners know us and we get great treatment from them, but some of the waiters that are new have left a lot to desire. Another aspect they need to improve is cleanliness, specially in the restrooms. However, as long as they keep having the best Vietnamese food in town, we'll keep coming back!!!
5	their food is just so dang delicious !!!! The best Vietnamese food in Las Vegas for sure! Their pho broth is on point  and portions are generous... No need to order extra noodles or meatballs. Egg rolls were crisp to perfection. Yum
4	I made a mistake with previous review , I just ordered something I was not familiar with , my fault . This is my favorite Vietnamese restaurant , very tasty food
4	It was my first time having Pho... yes you can judge me.  I never actually knew what Pho was so I never really needed to go.  Luckily we had some really great people bring us here for our first experience.   I'm glad we went with them because they knew what we should order for our first try.   We went with the all meat Pho without tripe.  Tripe, as it was explained to me, scared me.  We also ordered the beef and rice plate along with their egg rolls.  First off, their egg rolls were so yummy.   My husband normally doesn't like egg rolls but he loved these!  Yay! I think we were supposed to share these but we ate them too fast.  Oops.   I'll buy extra next time Roger...  The beef and rice dish was awesome.  So much flavor in their beef and so much of it!  Pho?  It's a brothy noodle soup with options to add chicken or beef or shrimp.  Loved it! We like spicy so we added some sriracha sauce to the broth.  Oh so good!   The place itself is clean with lots of seating.  I think there is a language barrier so I just have to point at what I want to place my order.  Otherwise I'm excited about Pho!
4	I'm one of those people that tends to shy away from anything outside of the realm of normal American food.  I'm down with a steak, burger, chicken wing, or anything without any discussion.  I really avoided going here for a while mostly because it didn't seem appealing to me.  I'm really sad I missed out on this for as long as I have.  This place is amazing.It's a Vietnamese place, and it''s good.  It loses a star because there are bvetter restaurants in the world, not because it's not worth 5 stars in the Vietnamese restaurant realm.
4	Really good Vietnamese food! You have to try the pork spring rolls and the bu lac luc (shaken beef).. I had a flavor overload ... Everything was super good!
3	The food was amazing, personally I didn't like the service. Definitely will be back for the food.
4	Probably my favorite pho place to eat at. For under $7 you get a bowl that can satisfy your hunger. I always get the pho with rice noodles, brisket, rare steak, tripe, tendon, and green onion. That's a lot for only 6 something if you think about it. The broth is just right as well.
4	Pho is great. The only thing I didn't like is that you have to spend at least $15.00 to use a credit card. Wish I would've known that beforehand so I could've gotten cash.
4	Best pho in Vegas. Hands down! The broth is flavorful, the noodles are perfectly chewy and the fish sauce (don't judge me because I like fish sauce in my pho!) is very tasty and not too fishy. Aside from pho, they also have very tasty egg rolls which I HIGHLY recommend. The service isn't all that great, and I tend to have to wait for a refill on my waters, so I had to take away one star.
3	the only reason they get a 3 star is because when you used to eat here all the time you expect consitency. I think this place has moved on to bigger and better things and they kept this joint because its well known and produces alot of business. Go to District One because i think the owner is there now and left pho so 1 as just as the second restaurant to be ran by others. i know this because my wife and her family know the owners really well an theyve taken care of us for years
3	This is my go-to for Vietnamese food, but that isn't saying much. On the upside, they're always open. However, there is so much preference and luck involved in having a favorite. Luck? Yes. The Chinatown quality inconsistency that I'm going to call luck.Immediately, the inconsistency/luck begins with service. If they want to be attentive, they'll be attentive. If not, they'll hardly be around. It's expected, but annoying. It just seems like they're always busy doing other things around the restaurant. Maybe moving a cart of dishes around. Mopping. Doing something in the kitchen. Who knows. You're distracting them by being there. Though, the owner is nice while being busy.The food. Sometimes the pho is hot. Sometimes it is lukewarm. It is generally what you expect in flavor. Generous in toppings. The spring rolls are sometimes old and sitting around for a while, clearly. Other times they've run out and have to scramble to make them for you. The peanut sauce is sometimes dense, other times liquid. If you're unlucky, it's more water than peanut sauce. I have indeed asked for another bowl of sauce before.Inconsistencies aside, I've come to love their uniquely flavored egg rolls and their fried shrimp paste patties with tofu skin around them. I like the bit of crunch the tofu gives the shrimp paste. Vermicelli bowls are generous in portion and have a tasty sauce to pour over them.Again, being my default choice isn't saying much but I've been here enough times to say it's a good solution for late night cravings.
5	read the reviews prior and expectations were high. the pho did not disappoint. everything was excellent. will be back next time visiting Vegas.
2	"Knock knock!""Who's there?""Pho So 1""Pho So 1 who?""So I Pho So 1 muhfuckas wanna fine me. First ninjas gotta find me. What's 50 grand to a muhfucka like me?"AHAHAHA! That was laaaaaame!!!Vietnamese thits and rolls are what I had here. Egg rolls, spring rolls that gave me fat rolls. "Are you ready to order?" Ummm...we just got here, give us a chance.Egg Rolls:My friend loves their egg rolls so we got them. They were tasty and they were actually not bad but I just think Kinh Do's egg rolls are better. 3.5/5Spring Rolls:The spring rolls themselves seem a bit dry and they're not fresh. The peanut sauce was really runny. 1.5/5#9 Pho Ribeye Steak:Their pho comes in either small or large but I wasn't asked what size I wanted. Out comes a small bowl of lukewarm pho. The broth was lacking in flavor so I had to use a lot of Sriracha and Hoisin sauce. 2/5#54 Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio:Charbroiled pork, egg rolls with vermicelli and veggies. This was good. The portion is pretty big. You get a good amount of protein and the noodles weren't dry even after re-heating. 4/5Sure, they're open til 3am but there's another Vietnamese restaurant (PKL) not far from here that's open 24/7 and has better food. Pay at the counter when you're done but be careful because the floor is very oily and slippery. Gross!
4	Very good pho most days. Sometimes it's watery. When the broth is good it's one of the best in town. I love their beef salad and egg rolls too. A lot of the waiters seem tuff as fuck! Wouldn't want to encounter any in a dark alley. Love this place!
1	We've been going to this place every time when  we in vegas. The food was ok with typical kind of Vietnamese foods. But last time i went here The waitress was messed up all the orders and been ruled to us. Serviced here was very bad and careless to the customers, i went to the manager to complainted but she not even listened to the customer complaints  but defended back for her worker. I was very disappointed with this place And wouldn't come back and wouldn't recommended to anyone to this place.
4	Perfect after a night of... Vegas fun. A little broccoli overload in my veggie pho, but it was all so satisfying. Don't ever expect great service at a place like this. The Vietnamese coffee was really good. Would go here again!
1	Wow. What bad customer service! Not even a hello when we came in. Nobody had a smile on his or her face,  from waiter to owner/cashier. The ph was less than decent. My cousin could not finish his bowl. When we paid,  the change was thrown onto the counter instead of handing it to us.
1	Never going back.Keep treating your customers like dirt.Rude staff treated us like we inconvienced them by walking in the door.Don't worry,,you'll never see us again
4	Always yummy food and prompt service. The theatre of people watching late night in this jount is priceless. Better than a show on the Strip.
3	Like always food is great but service is terrible. Seriously they need to hire wait staff that can handle high volume. Everytime i come here always have a problem with either waiting too long to order or wait staff doesnt understamd english to well. Its a shame to cause the food is great nothing here is bad food wise.
5	This is the best place to go for pho and to make your own spring rolls. This is my husband & I's favorite place to get pho when we are craving it and my family didn't make it home made. The broth is on point, there is plenty of noodles and lots of meat! They never skimp out on pho. I don't know any other place where you can make your own spring roll other than home, so this place is so far the best. Fresh meat, vegetables, vermicelli noodles, and rice paper to put in hot water. Cool experience if you've never tried. ++ they give you free hot tea
5	My favorite Vietnamese/pho place!  Wouldn't ever replace it!  Their customer service is about the same as any other Asian place lol but they're fast and I'm all about food quality it's a A+ to me!
4	The Pho here is pretty good, the broth very flavorful. The spring rolls were pretty tasty. Prices and portion sizes are good especially compared to Pho Kim Long. Service was adequate not great but you do not really expect much of that in these tye of places.
4	Pho # 1 (Pho So 1) is the real deal! I'm 100% Vietnamese and I've quickly added this spot to one of my favorite local Vietnamese restaurants on heavy rotation. Decent prices, incredibly generous portions and a great selection of authentic Vietnamese dishes that no one else has in the area!What I'm most excited about is that they offer Bo 7 Mon (special 7 courses of beef). It's Vietnam's version of tabletop BBQ, where you wrap it up into spring rolls after you cook it. Yes!! I'm super relieved that I found a place in Vegas that offers this Vietnamese style of grilling food. Being fresh from CA, we had so many great places to choose from, so I was upset when I moved here and thought that Vegas didn't have any. I'll be honest, it's not the best that I've ever had (compared to CA) but, if you're a local, you'll understand that it's very hard to come by (around here) and there is no competition. It does the trick since you've been craving it and too lazy to cook it! It even comes with the stinky anchovy pineapple sauce - Mam nem! Comfort food at its finest. Haha! For those of you that can't handle that sauce, you can always opt for the traditional sweet fish sauce "nuoc cham."We took our food to-go, but they did not skimp on anything at all. This place deserves to be recognized for their generous portions; they packed everything to the brim, our to-go containers were bursting. Also, I typically have to ask other places for extra veggies and lettuce to wrap my rolls in, but you don't need to do that here - they gave us over a pound of veggies and goodies without even asking! What a great surprise.  Here's what we ordered:- "Cha Gio" (4 large egg rolls $6.25), these alone, were a clear selling point for me. They come with dipping sauce (nuoc cham), a crap ton of veggies: lettuce, fresh Viet herbs, and Viet pickles to wrap them with. They were thick, crispy, extra meaty and flavorful. If they reminded me of how I would make them at home, then they are definitely winning in my books! Flavor rating: 5/5- Bo Nuong La Lot" (Grilled beef wrapped in Hawaiian "lot" leaf $6.55) - comes with 6 decent sized pieces of beef (a little dry), vermicelli noodles (bun) and a massive amount of lettuce, herbs, cucumbers, pickles (do chua) and also a stack of rice paper wrappers (about 20) to wrap them up - lol that's well over enough! I mean, the bo la lot meat is more on the dry side, but I would definitely order it again if the craving hits (Which it will and it will often.) I can't help it! My Vietnamese taste buds just can't get enough of traditional food! We also asked for both sauces, fish (nuoc cham) and anchovy (mam nem). They were both good, but I think the mam nem was on the weaker and watery side (the stinker the better!!) Flavor rating: 3/5- "Com Tam Bi Cha Thit Heo Nuong" (Charbroiled pork, shredded pork skin, egg meat loaf served with broken rice and pickled cabbage $6.25) - We ate this dish the next day for lunch since the other items filled us up to the brim! Yet, this wasn't our favorite dish, some parts of the grilled pork were dry, the broken rice was rather mushy, the pork skin was also extra moist and mushy, and the egg meat loaf was kind of dry and small. But it's still not worse then Pho Kim Long - PKL makes Pho so 1's version seem amazing. Flavor rating: 2/5
5	best pho in vegas
1	About 3 weeks ago I came to this place to eat pho, my experience with pho was really bad..slow down on the MSG, you don't want to kill the customer before they can finished their food and to day I got vietnames upon noodles (banh canh). Do you think all of your customers is stupid. When you say pork,shrimp, and crab the customer expect everything to be included not missing and say that it doesn't come with it. You charge me extra for it, when I can just get the regular for the figure price.
1	So apparently the owners of this place are the ones that opened District One on Jones. I. Just. Don't. Get. How. The Pho here is gross. It just tastes like MSG.
3	I like their pho. I like their expansive menu. I usually get vermicelli dishes here. And they're pretty good.
1	A friend of mine order some Vietnamese eggroll and got a little surprise crawling around on the lettuce. It was live snail! It just show that this place doesn't properly wash their vegetables.
3	I had to bump major stars down from Pho So 1 because of our second visit here - the food was drastically different! Although they offer a wide variety of unique traditional Vietnamese dishes, they are very inconsistent. This time we tried: "Pho Ga" (chicken pho) - Great news, they give a huge portion to-go! It was a good enough size for 2 regular sized bowls! Bad news, the chicken was very tough and super dried out, but that didn't stop me from enjoying the plentiful pho noodles and the comforting chicken broth. I guess I was forgiving and not too picky, since I was sick and I needed hot broth to sooth my sore throat. Flavor rating: 3/5"Bun Bo Hue" (spicy beef noodle soup) - Not good at all. It was really bland and watery. Plus the meats weren't tender. I wouldn't suggest ordering this here - Pho Kinh Do had a much more flavorful broth and overall tastier bun bo hue. Flavor rating: 1/5"Chao Tom" (barbeque shrimp paste on sugar cane) - This dish was terrible. The shrimp paste on the sugar came was so bland and gummy. It tasted like I was eating some part of a plastic container - it's nothing that I would ever consider ingesting. Don't even bother trying this dish here. Flavor rating: 0/5I raved about how they hooked us up with lots of fresh herbs and veggies on our to-go order last time, but not this time. I was really let down. :( It won't stop me from eating here, also they are still so much better than Pho Kim Long (PKL) - They offer many unique dishes my Vietnamese taste buds crave, I just know what to expect now.
5	This is where I go for some good PHO in chinatown. They also have an mobile app to order take out called " quick app-etite" on the app-store! I would recommend coming here if your looking for some good vietnamese food!
2	The food here is the best by far but I just can't recommend it because the restaurant is so dirty. The bathrooms are disgusting. The floors throughout are sticky. I just don't know how often I want to keep coming here to eat because I can't help wonder how disgustingly dirty the kitchen might be.
5	So far this place had been my favorite pho joint in Vegas. Still not as good as the pho in OC, but their bun tom thit nuong is spot on.
1	I don't know if they changed owners, but this quality of this restaurant took a nose dive. The old staff is no longer there and it has been replaced by young twits who are clueless about what it means to give proper customer service. Maybe these kids are related to the management or the owners. Otherwise, I don't understand how these imbeciles can work there unsupervised. If that is the case, I will say that family and business do not always mix. We visited a few times in this year and left the establishment after waiting over 10 minutes to be served. There were other people (Asian) who were being served as we sat and waited like fools. Whether this is because they are friends with the new staff and/or share a similar heritage is unclear. The one time when we were served we received crap service. It was never this way before as the the former staff used to treat all customers equally.
4	I was visiting Las Vegas and felt like Pho soup. My friend recommended this place and so we tried it. The food was delicious. The service was relatively quick except for my dish which came late but when it did arrive it was great. I ordered a combined chicken and vegetable pho so that may have thrown them off a bit but it was very fresh and tasty. The staff was friendly and the restaurant was clean and very busy. I would recommend this place to anyone.
5	Best place for pho.we are regulars here! We like tocome very late at night after work. They are very friendly, have great prices, and delicious food.
4	Favorite pho restaurant! This place is the first thing that comes to mind when i think of pho. Service is okay, but the food is excellent!!
5	Quick service and food came out pretty fast. A friend recommended this place for the beef pho. I was not disappointed.
2	Terrible restaurant !!! Do not come near this place!!! Food was tasteless. I have never paid for such disgusting food in my life. I will def not walk in there again. The only reason why I gave them 2 stars is because service was very good.
3	The first time we went to this place we found that the food was amazing, but the service was absolutely terrible.Me and my friend decided to return to this place because we were starving and craving their amazing pho. When we arrived I went straight to the restroom to wash my hands. I look down at the floor of the restroom and what do I see? A cute little baby ROACH!!! Yes, a roach! Where's it's mother I wonder? Probably with daddy roach reproducing more and more brothers and sisters so that baby roach won't be alone. Or maybe they are in the kitchen feasting on the delicious pho (hey, I don't blame them). Yes, it was just a little roach and yes it did freak me out, and yes we all know that when there's one theres probably many... However, when I got back to the table my fatass ordered some pho and eggrolls. I guess I wasn't too scarred! I refused to let the baby get in the way of my dining experience. I'm just glad the pho was delicious!!!!! Might have been the best and worst decision of my life Pho= 5 starsMy friend in the restroom=0
4	Hands down my favorite and IMO best place for pho. At most pho restaurants, the broth is lacking in flavor or super oily but not here! The broth is SO GOOD and really flavorful. It is always my first choice! Sometimes i like to order the rice vermicelli noodle bowls with eggrolls. I always ask for more veggies and less noodles.The restaurant is always busy so you know it's good! I've never had to wait for a table though. The service is alright but I'm okay with it. I wouldn't expect great service coming here. They do the bare minimum and check on you once or twice. Never had a bad experience here.I'll have to come back and try their BBQ!
5	Best pho in Vegas! I have been coming here since I was a kid and their eggrolls are by far the best. Always fresh and hot and not small skinny ones like you get at most pho restaurants. The pho is always good and the broth is the best I've had. The pork chops are yummy as well, but you have to have the eggrolls! I highly recommend this place for a good bowl oh pho, even late at night since they're open really late. Perfect late night snack!
5	We've been coming here for a while now and it's always a great experience.  Right when you walk in and get seated, right away you get a glass of water and get a few moments to look through the menu. Once you place your order the wait is not too long. comes out nice and hot and great portion also. the customer service on the other hand can learn how to smile, be up beat, and look like they want to help. besides all that great place to eat!! we order number 14 on the menu most of the time. we would recommend it.
2	Meh.  I've definitely experienced better.  Way better.Service was pretty horrendous here during my recent visit.  Granted, we had a group of 19 so I guess it was a bit understanding.  Our orders were mixed up and the person bringing our orders went around our table asking who ordered what.  Many times, he came to our tables with a dish that no one ordered and asked whether we ordered it.  It was pretty chaotic.The food was also horrendous.  The Pho we received were not hot, tasted mediocre, and they seriously should reconsider naming their Pho #1.   Horrible Pho.  I also ordered the Bun Nem Nuong and it was equally as horrendous.  The noodles were hard, the nem nuong were chewy, and the egg rolls were meh. I will never go back here.
5	Great food. Great service. Hands down the best Pho in Las Vegas. Definitely check this place out you won't be sorry.
3	My buddy & I wanted a quick meal after making the 4 hr drive to Vegas.  We wanted something in our tummy before checking into the hotel & going for a swim.  Apparently, summer has ended, but it sure didn't feel like it in Vegas this past weekend. So I had the #62 Bun Rieu for $8.95.  It was okay.  I've had much better bun Rieu from Na Trang in the San Gabriel Valley of Ca. (Look it up, folks).  My buddy had the rotisserie chicken & rice.  He thought the chicken was a bit dry but he liked the flavored rice.
4	Was in Vegas for only 2 days and was recommended from a Vietnamese friend to come here since we were in the mood for some delicious soupy noodles.  It was like 2AM and luckily this little gem was still open.  Simply put, this will be a must stop for me every time I will be going to Vegas.  The soup in the Pho is a perfect balance of non overwhelming flavor, freshness, and authenticity.  Servers are very charismatic and prices are very fair.  Only con I can name is the place is a bit dirty feeling, otherwise an amazing meal!
1	This place made me mad.  It was hot despite the fans running, there were flies.  I needed a minute to review the menu but the server didn't come back for like 5.  The food itself was good, the pho was great, the portions were generous.  I just feel like it's a bad idea to go in the day time if it's not winter, and I wish it were cleaner.  I might try again in the winter if the flies are gone since the other reviews are claiming this is a decent place.
3	I used to go to this place all the time but the last time I came and ordered Bun Rieu, I was very disappointed. The soup was bland and flavorless and it was $9.25! WTF! So overpriced. Not sure if I'll come back anymore.
2	I don't know what it was but when I ordered and my food brought to me everything was good but as I continued with my meal I became more and more unimpressed, and kinda grossed out...the flavour just was not for me.
5	Go in looking forward to the food and you won't be disappointed. With that said, do not pay attention to the atmosphere, staff friendliness, nor cleanliness. :) Great comfort food after a night out of dancing and drinking! Love that they're open 24!
3	It's alright. Nothing good or bad. Mediocre service, the inside of the resteraunt was chilly :(! Normally I prefer room temperature places to eat pho at, especially since the evening was really chilly. As for the pho, I ordered pho with rare steak: the portion was small, and there is one size only (I think). Soup was warm, but not too hot, and noodles were a bit too thin. Restrooms were messy and full of TP on the floor :(
4	This place is amazing! The plates that comes with your own grill is the best! You grill your own food and you can share that with 3 people! It comes with tons of veggies, sauces, and spring rolls wraps! It will leave you so full! It totally worth the price!
3	When I need a good pho fix and I'm dining on a budget, I come to pho so 1. This place is also good at accommodating big groups (I've come with 10-15people before). And another thing good is they are open really late for those late night or drunken cravings. Location is overall clean-ish but I you can't compare it to pho Kim long kinda clean. It's your avenue Asian restaurant-in-Chinatown kinda clean lolWhenever I've come there are always people  eating so I always find that to be a very good sign. I get nervous eating places without other people dining lol They have the small grill they can bring to you to cool your raw meats, they have the little stove for you to do shabu shabu (hot pot) kinda soup meals. But I come for the soup and fried egg rolls! My go to meal is the fried egg rolls (comes with 4 pieces and plate full of veggies) and #10 pho: special combo (all meats included) and I add beef balls. The #10 pho only comes in a large serving bowl tho so heads up. It's a big meal. Without adding the beef balls it only cost $8.95. So it's a good price. Always taste fresh and hot for me. And one time my friends ordered my soup for me before I got there so by the time I got there the broth had gotten not so hot. When I arrived the server came and brought me new hot broth to add in my soup!! They always give a generous amount of meat in the soup and I enjoy the generous serving. I love pho and I could eat it every day tbh. I love that the service here is normally quick. And even when we ask for more veggies for the eggrolls or anything really, they are very accommodating. Everything I've ever eaten here I enjoyed. So why 3stars? Okay I few things...Bathroom is never perfectly clean. Decor and ambience of the place is like I said earlier "restaurant-in-Chinatown" quality - nothing nice or fancy about it. And I guess because sometimes we come late like around 12-1am while we are eating, the servers dump out all the tips from their combined tip jar (all servers at this establishment share tips) on to a table and organize and count the tips. Idk I just always feel weird when they do that while I'm eating. I know it's late and they getting ready to close but still. And I mean I hope they wipe down that table they count at coz that's a regular booth table where people eat at. So even tho this is my go to for really good cheap pho... Still gets 3stars from me
5	This is my favorite pho restaurant in china town.They are super quick.I always ask for extra cilantro, onions, and A LOT of limes.Other places will not give you "extra", but this place spoils me. I LOVE IT.
1	If you are looking for great Vietnamese food with good service : go somewhere else !!!
5	Food is good & cheap. I come here all the time & the best part is that it's open late ! Service was excellent !
1	Horrible service. Server comes to the table on his phone and asks if we know what we wanted after seating us 2 minutes prior.... sorry we took take time away from your Facebook updates. Then we had to go up on our own twice to get water since no one was around.
2	Their customer service was a no star rating...  Went in with friends and we're ignored.  Had to ask for menus as well as water to start. We saw a sign saying "$15 minimum purchase required for credit cards"  we made a point in asking our waiter if that included debit as well...  He said it did not. We ordered our food and only had three people in our party...  They had served at least 6 people who had come in after us.  We were left waiting an hour.  I had to raise both hands to get the attention of a waitress.  After telling her we had been waiting for an hour she got us our food right away.  When paying for our bill the cashier said that debit card is included in minimum payment of $15 Pho and the spring rolls were very delicious which is why I gave 2 stars instead of one lol
3	Had the #71 (beef with rice) and O.M.G. It was good!! The meat was deliciously marinated and soft & juicy. Price wise, it is affordable and you can't beat it when the food is so yummy.  The location is not in the best of areas. For the most part the inside was clean though I was more into my food than how it looked. I do hope they tend to their bathrooms a better.
5	As someone who travels the country in search of great meals, Pho So 1 is in my top 5 below $10 meals in the United States.  This is Pho the way it was meant to be enjoyed.  Anyone who has reduced the stars to below 5 has done so because of:Customer Service or Location or They Don't Understand What Good Pho Is:As my wife says, if your pho place has a table cloth, get out of there!  Pho is like soul food, the place should be a little messy and unfriendly.  It's a $10 meal - family-owned.  They are great with locals and remembering names.I just love this place, and you would be hard-pressed to find a better meal in Vegas!
2	There's plenty of seating here so it's good for groups if you guys don't remotely care about service or cleanliness. Service is non-existent, which is expected at Vietnamese/Asian restaurants anyways. You have to demand what you need whenever a server walks by and pay up front at cashier.I still decided to eat here because I happened to be around this plaza in Chinatown craving pho, and too lazy to drive out anywhere else. I ordered the pho tai (pho w/ rare steak) and it was alright. Nothing bad, but not really that good. It came out warm, and not hot. There's only one size of bowl, I think. Their regular sized bowl is 1/2 a regular bowl of pho for me :( I also ordered the spring rolls and they were really dry. The peanut sauce you dip the rolls in had a runny consistency.They're one of the few pho places around this area open late but I'd rather go to Pho Kinh Do, Pho Bosa, or anywhere else in Chinatown for pho. I'd only come here again if I was desperate.
3	Wow. We have a Pho So 1 in Las Vegas Nevada. This is the first out of state Pho So 1 than the ones found in SoCal. Unfortunately, the majority of the Pho So 1 restaurants in SoCal still dominates on their taste in food than yours. Sorry. Here are my reason & suggestions for further improvements: 1. Your restaurant is way too crowded. I think it's best to have one of those call for reservations. This will hopefully organize the restaurant. 2. Disadvantage of crowded restaurant would impact the quality of the foods. Overcrowded customers can cause the crew to make the foods in a rush & food done in a rush of course would have poor quality tasting. I do recommend about having a larger crew than you currently have. "Hire more soldiers" to serve in your kitchen. I feel your foods is ok; the pho tasted like the Pho So 1 from SoCal. Though, I felt it was done in a rush, especially on crowded days. Therefore, I think if you have "more troops" to do the work, especially on crowded days, it would be doable. Overall, 3/5 stars from me. I might come back in the future. Follow those 2 suggestions above & I'll assure you that you'll improve Pho So 1 of Las Vegas. P.S. To the "founder" of Pho So 1 who's reading this: since you have successfully open 1 Pho So 1 restaurant outside of Southern California (i.e. Pho So 1 of Las Vegas), I do have further suggested locations of other additional locations you can open up Pho So 1: 1. Reno Nevada2. San Francisco California3. Oakland California4. San Jose California5. Phoenix Arizona6. Honolulu Hawaii7. Hilo Hawaii
1	I always review based on a restaurant's food, customer service, price, and ambiance. Starting with the food, my pork chop over rice was really dry and the portion was small. My mom ordered their classic beef flank pho was below standard in my opinion.  The beef was old and dry. Customer service was not up to par either. The wait to be seated took about 15 minutes. I get that it was the weekend but that was no excuse for the poor flow of the restaurant. I only saw two bus-boys cleaning up the whole store. And there were plenty of empty tables but too short-handed to clean up, leaving many customers waiting outside. When it was finally my turn to be seated, the waiter had really bad attitude. For such a small portion, the price was so not worth it! Even the price in New York was cheaper than this place! I felt really bad for the workers because I felt like this place was short staffed. Leaving the store crowded and poorly ordered. Many angry customers were waiting by the door with me. Hopefully some changes would be made!
3	The smell of bbq meat permeates the restaurant as you walk in. You scan the smoky room and wonder where the smell is emanating from. We thought we walked into a plain 'ol ordinary pho spot but it turns out that this place specializes in bbq. There are little round black grills sitting atop many of the tables, along with a big platter of Vietnamese veggies, herbs, and then a plate full of beef, or a beef + shrimp combo. People grill their own meat, wrap them up in the veggies, and devour. Awesome! Must come back to try that!Unfortunately, I was feeling under the weather and we stopped in for the chicken pho. This was one of the few restaurants that popped up when I researched "chicken pho" on Yelp. The reviews said the chicken was dry. I concur, the chicken was dry but the soup served its purpose and helped keep a temperamental tummy at bay.
1	Pho broth is no good. Service is no good. There are plenty of other pho places in the area. This one was not worth my time and money.
1	When we asked for onions, the waiter took very long to come by and gave it after we finished our meals, so there was no point. Not to mention, we found hair in the pho bowl...Overall, bad customer service, the waiters are also young.
1	Very bad service. Had hair in the pho, and messed up our orders. The pho itself was not good. My family used to come here every time they visit Vegas but this was my first (and last!) time and I am not the least bit impressed. Will not be coming back. You can give it a try if you want to eat in an old and dirty restaurant where the food isn't good and your requests are outright ignored.
1	If there was a possible zero, this place would get it. But, Yelp felt the need that all business deserve pity stars. From upon entering, we're greeted by an Asian fellow with glasses. There were two-three tables open for 10...he reluctantly seated us and was about to put us on a waiting list. If not mentioned, we would have wasted our time. Soup is less than mediocre, broth was bland and constumer service was blatantly disrespectful. We asked multiple times for simple sides like onion, and waiters would not acknowledge our requests. Just to top off the cake, there was curly hair in my #10 soup. The cashier was apologetic, but not by nature. She looked at my wife and I, trying to find out if the hair belong to one of us. The hair was curly and short, possibly armpit hair. For her to stare up and down at us, it was very offensive, we did not plan to eat someone else's pubes. For a restaurant that cries it is the number 1 soup restaurant, they sure treat us like we are the last people to come back.
1	Horrible customer service ! Every time we visit Las Vegas, this is the go to place to get breakfast before we leave. However, because of this incident, we won't be returning.They even manage to give us the wrong order. We had a hair in our bowl of pho. We asked for two small empty bowls, never got it until we went up to the manager herself and asked... Again. We even asked for three plates of onions. We asked three times, and all those three times, we were ignored. We didn't get it until I had to get up AGAIN and remind them. When I asked the manager for the waiters name, she hesitated and said his name was "Phat". Which was probably a fake name. This place claims to be number one, but I beg to differ on their service and food quality.
1	If you have bad customer service, at least have good food. The pho here is underwhelming and lacks flavor. I went here with my family and being treated so badly left a bad taste in our mouth (or maybe that was the pho).
1	It is a shame to called this place Vietnamese food. Rice is not cooked properly, meat is too dried, Pho is too sweet. Dont expect authenticfood here. However, the customer service was friendly tho. I'd give a star for that.
1	This place Phokin stinks... Bad odor in the restaurant.  Service is bad! Staff makes you feel  pressured to get out. Food was not great... I'll  never  come back
1	One star and here's the reason:(-1) The lack of flavor in the broth. Pho is known for the thick flavored broth and this just LACKS so much of the uniqueness of pho.(-1) We had 9 people. Everyone ordered their own pho bowls. Only 7 came out. We had a feeling they put the last two bowls on someone else's table because a waiter came to us with an order of egg rolls that we didn't order. Ugh. (-2) Our hostess was a rude. B.I.T.C.H. You do not wave customers off, bump into them and glare (Hello. You bumped first). As she was taking our orders, she was glaring when there was too much order. (Our pho order wasn't complicated so chill down lady. Lady you're working at a phone restaurant not Starbucks - THAT'S complicated). Service please.One star is for that young guy with a tied back fohawk hairstyle. You saved our tummy and fixed our orders really fast. And I saw him make sure other tables got their orders too (Ahem. Those eggrolls...)Anyways other than that, the reason why this place is popular because it's the one of the first pho you see along the way to hunger lane. So not worth the wait.
3	One of the more popular Viet restaurants in Vegas. Probably second only to Kim Long. I think there are better pho places in town (I'm Vietnamese) so I only come here if I want the Nuong Vi which is a combination of raw meats/seafood which you grill yourself at your table. If you're in the immediate area, you could do worse but certainly if you're coming from the Strip don't drive past all of the other restaurants just to come here unless you want one of their specialty dishes.
4	This place has faster and better service than Pho Kinh Do and Nem Nuong. They provide a good portion of meat in their beef noodle soup compared to other restaurants. The place is quite packed but they have enough staff that you can get faster service than other Pho places. Recommend: Rib eye Pho yummm!!
1	Shitty service.. Just want to call it how it is... First they got me sitting here in the coldest part of the restaurant... Then their tea taste like fuckin perfume... But u wanna know what really pissed me off? the fact that they gave me cold pho.. Like are u fucking kidding me?? It's already 34 degrees outside.. Not to mention my girlfriend ordered crispy noodle thing.. & didn't even get her food til after my other girlfriend was done with her pho.. Talk about bullshit... In the end It gave us a good laugh tho.. lol
2	So the family drove all the way to Vegas from LA to eat at a subpar Pho restaurant.  This is so typical of an Asian family.  So we walked in with a party of 15 and it took 10-15 minutes for us to get seated.  I understood that as this is not a normal sized party.  I ordered the spring rolls with shrimp and pho xe lua.  First off, I noticed how much more they charged here compared to LA.  The spring rolls were just ok.  Didn't have much flavor to it.  The dipping sauce did help, but still not that good.  My pho came out and I wasn't sure it was mine because it was a regular sized bowl.  From my experience, xe lua is supposed to be an extra large.  I thought that's why I paid extra for it.  I even asked the server and he said that the xe lua was the same as the dac biet.  I was confused, but I still ate it and didn't make a big deal about it.  When I took my first bite, I was underwhelmed by the taste.  The soup didn't have that much flavor even after putting in the hoisin, veggies and lime.  The noodles wasn't fresh tasting like I'm used to.  I forgot to mention that the food was luke warm.  It's not piping hot like it's supposed to be.  The meat was just ok.  Nothing out of the ordinary.  All in all, I would not come back to this establishment if I am ever in Vegas and craving for Pho.  There are so many other choices to choose from, and this one really bites.  The thing that really confuses me is that this is part of a chain and there is one located in Van Nuys that taste better than this place.  Food quality is definitely lacking at this Vegas location and they need to re-evaluate their whole business strategy.
3	Food is best in town. Customer service worst in town. I hate coming here when they are busy (which is most of the time). I hate saying that about them since they are so nice.  They need to hire more people.Bring your own water. They never refill. Appetizers come out whenever they bring it. Food served the same way.
3	We came here during the holiday and though the food was very delish, and service was good, they are not very organized.  It was a super busy night that night and LOTS of people out.  I think it was Christmas Day or the day after.Anyway, we were a party of 16.  The waiter knew our orders and who ordered which, but some people in our party got their food pretty quickly, which was my husband, son, mom and someone else.  Then, it was another 15+ minutes before anyone else's food came out.  I ordered the same thing as my mom, but I didn't get mine for 15+ minutes later, when she was almost finished.Then, a few more of our plates came out, which was mine, my brother's, my daughter's, my BIL's.  My daughter and my sister ordered the same thing, but my sister did not get her food.  Then, it took another 15+ minutes for my sister to get her food.  My husband, son, mom and someone else were all finished eating.  I was nearly done and she was just getting her food.They were so NOT organized and I give them a 1 star for this.  However, 5 stars for being delish.  And they were friendly Asians, so I give them a 4 star for that.
1	Lukewarm pho - i think our soups had been sitting out in the kitchen for awhile. Really bad and slow service. Won't be back.The table next to us remained dirty the whole time we were there. It was really gross.
2	Thai Tea = diabetes in a cupSuong Sa Hat Luu? = strips of jello in coconut milk...Pho Ga was so salty! (i guess they use the same meat broth for all of their soups? yuck....so much for the "chicken" part)the Pho Ga did NOT come with the nuoc mam gung (sweet fish sauce w/ ginger).. i was so disappointed...AND my bowl had like 4 strips of DRY chicken meat...2 stars for the service, i know they tried lolnever coming back...
3	Tried this place on the advice of a Vegas local who highly recommend the place. Good place to try if you're craving some pho. Overall, food was good, nothing spectacular but nothing horrible either. The biggest down side was the service, they weren't rude but it was hard to find any help. Took a while for our server to take our order and for our food to come to us (bigger groups who came in after us received their food first). But after we received our meal, our server was nowhere to be found, we had to ask other servers passing by for help.
2	Overpriced and poor quality. Their nem nuong cuon was pathetic. The meat was stale, and falls apart when you bite into it. It was about $6 and some change for an order of 2 rolls. I got the pho ga. It was ok. They gave me a lot of chicken meat though. My girlfriend's broth tasted like there was still soap in it. Guess they're pretty clean.
