4	I work about a mile from this sandwich shop, and a lot of my coworkers eat there regularly. I've had their sandwiches a few times, and agree with previous poster, they make HUGE sandwiches! Plus they are GOOD!The counter-lady remembered my name, from the few times I've been in.I've had hot and cold sandwiches, both excellent.(The only reason I didn't give 5stars, is they have Coke products rather than Pepsi.)
4	We work about 1/4 mile from this great little spot.  It used to be called the Brown Bag Sandwich shop and I ate there a few times a year.  Since they've been Arizona Sandwich Company, I've eaten there on average once a week, and for good reason.  All the sandwiches I've had are awesome.  The bread is so soft, it feels like a goose down pillow.  They hook you up with a healthy portion no matter what item you order.  The sides are delicious and the desserts look amazing too.  (I don't normally do desserts)We are greeted by name now when we arrive which feels great.  The daily specials are a no-brainer.  Lately I don't even peruse the menu.  I just go with the daily special and have yet to be disappointed.  Here's a tip: follow them on FB and you can get a $2 sando if you're hot on the status updates.  I recommend checking this place out.  It's directly east, across the strees (52nd) from the QT on the corner of University/52nd.  The best part, is that I can get in/out in less than 15 minutes.  That really helps for people with very busy schedules.  See you there!
2	So, I went here for lunch.  Paid extra to have the large sub combo so I would have leftovers for dinner.  Didn't happen.I ordered the BLT meal, paid extra to have the larger sub, cost about 9 and a half bucks.  OK if I can make two meals out of it, which was my plan.  This did not happen.  Not too impressed.Now the bread, 5 stars on that.  Thick and soft, good flavor.  Sadly, that is where the compliments end.  There was three pieces of bacon on the sub.  Three.  9 and a half dollars.  Three pieces of bacon.  9 and a half bucks.  (I am trying to prove a point here)  I am not happy.  It was basically a lettuce sub.  Everyone else I went to lunch with had more meat in their sub than Ron Jeremy has in his pants.  Not mine.I threw away the second half of my lettuce sub because, well it was a lettuce sub.The staff was friendly and service was quick.  Sadly, does not make up for screwing me out of the bacon content of my sub.  The slices of bacon that were evident were small, like the ones you get on a 99 cent menu fast food burger.  I was told to try something else by my friends if I go back there.  I don't think they will get the chance.Bacon up the BLT.  Until then... Pass.
3	There are a ton of sandwich places in Tempe and I've visited almost all of them. Arizona Sandwich Co. happens to be the closest one to where I work (except for Subway). Went there with some co-workers. Most of them really liked the sandwiches they got and I am sure a bunch of them will be back for more. When we got there, they were out of some of their ingredients which was disappointing. I got the A.T.C which was surprisingly good. The ingredients were fresh. Wasn't a fan of the bread because it made the sandwich feel somewhat heavy, instead of light. A choice of breads would be excellent. I was impressed with the quality of the ingredients between the buns. The coke was mixed well. More indoor seating would be nice and bar stools would be a great place to sit if you are waiting for your sandwich to be prepared. As for the other reviewer Jim's complaining about not being able to take leftovers home for dinner, all I have to say about that is "what a cheap bastard". In fact, I don't like how large their portions are. I wish they would reduce it to a manageable size as I am definitely not looking to eat my sandwich for leftovers. What generally happens when you take any kind of sandwich and leave it to set is that it gives the innards time to soak into the bread bun which leave it a soggy mess. That is why I don't eat sandwiches for leftovers period. Their signage in the window pays off because I noticed the place from the road and we went and ate there with-in the week. All in all you can tell that they take time to prepare each sandwich unlike some sandwich shops where you are rushed through the door in an assembly line. More than likely I will be back for more. Hopefully the quality of the sandwiches at least remains consistent.
4	A co-worker introduced me to this nice little sandwich shop a few months ago.  I have been back several times since.  It's close to my work and the service is fast and friendly!  Every time I have been in it is the same dark haired women at the counter taking orders and it's just her.  She welcomes you with a smile and takes your order.  She has a small set up with a phone and a laptop and does triple duty.  They have a daily special usually a half sandwich and soup or salad combo with a drink and it's resonably priced.  You can get a decent lunch for under $10.  On a recent visit I had a 1/2 turkey sandwich and a cup of chicken chili.  The sandwich was fresh and the bread was soft and absorbed some of the condiments well.  I thought the flavor of the chili was nice with just a tiny bit of heat.  On another occasion I got a sandwich, chips and a drink for under $9. Nice!!  This is a small, cozy place.  There are several tables available but if you get there while they are super busy you might not get a table.  I've noticed they do a lot of to go business too.  No tables outside but if you work in that area, there are plently of grassy spots for a little picnic.  You can call in your order for pick up too.  Thanks Arizona Sandwich Company!
5	Awesome!
4	Maybe I was just really hungry or maybe this was actually a great sandwich.  I'm going with the later.I had just gotten done shooting a TFCD with a model at a studio down the way.  Holy cow, talk about a 'hot' shoot.  Oh man.  But I was really, really hungry afterward.  This place was just a stone throw from the place I was shooting at.During my visit there was only one guy working the counter and making the sandwiches.  That would be my main gripe.  He saw me standing at the counter but gave me the 'I'll be right with you' line.  He wasn't being a jerk about it but it did take him about five minutes to finish what he was doing before taking my order.I decided on the ATC (advocado, turkey and cheese) and it was great.  I loved the bread and the toppings.  Normally, I'm not much of a mayonnaise person but I decided to roll the dice and let them make the sandwich as they do.  I had the 6 inch and it was $4.50 exactly just like it said on the menu.  It was definitely filling.I'll be back.
5	Best. Sandwich. In. Valley. Period.I go 2-3x each week.  Yes, I know.  I'm a weirdo.  But that should tell ya something about their awesome-ness!   (an my entire office eats there at least once each week, too.)People that know me, KNOW I know good lunch fare.  This is GREAT lunch fare.Be sure to tell Renee (she's the girl at the register) that DON sent ya!!!
4	I'm a bit of a sandwich addict. This place has the BEST tuna in town, hands down! Cheaper than Jimmy Johns, a bit more than Subway - but the fresh, locally sourced ingredients make up for it. It gets a little packed at lunch hour, so I recommend calling or faxing your order in first. Try the #4 or #10! The potato salad is also amazing. I have not had a chance to make it in for breakfast, but I want to. A few times, I ended up going down the street to the second location because they ran out of bread (they are that good). The other location is a lot less busy and you might get hit on by one of the dudes there, but this one has Renee behind the register and she rocks (and also owns).
4	Great Sammichez!  Great Pricez!
4	Fresh ingredients, great prices, and hefty portions.  Myself and two other co-workers got sandwiches from here and could all only eat half of the foot-long sandwiches we got because they had so much meat.
1	Will never go back! The service was awful & the sandwiches are sloppy, ugly, poor quality messes. Only 1 vegetarian option, old/soggy toppings. Told the counter girl I had not been there before.  She gave no useful information. Told her I am a vegetarian. She made some condescending remark (possible joke but not funny.) Told her TWICE what I did not want on the sandwich, the cook in the window heard me & they still got it wrong. DO NOT go there.
4	Great tasting subs well worth the money. Freshest bread around. My suggestion: order the sub by name with everything on it. Their way is just perfect :)  Yelper Raquel M.: I believe their specialty is meaty subs with everything on it, not a custom made veggie sub. Just sayin'...
1	Everyone remembers the Soup Nazi from Seinfeld well there's a woman who works at this location who reminds me on him, she basically sucks.  I used to go to AZ Sandwich Company twice a week to get a custom salad. It was always difficult to get them to put what i wanted on it but now it's impossible. They have apparently decided to feature only 6 salads -NO SUBSTITUTIONS (so intense).  I asked if I could pay extra but no go.  She said that her kitchen couldn't handle it, that it was too complicated to customize a salad...no offense but has the intelligence level of people sunk so low that a person who works at a sandwich/salad shop can't manage to add turkey to a classic salad?  Since this is what you do for a living you'd think you'd try a bit harder.  Ah well I guess I'll just go to Sack Sandwichs down the road, they're more then happy to customize and you get a free cookie with every order.
5	LOVE this place.  Prices are cheap-- and quality is high.  They load each sandwich with tons of meat and I love their special herb mix.  The staff is really nice and always good about remembering the names of their regulars :)   I find myself eating here several times a week!
5	Great lunch spot for me. Close to my office, friendly workers, the soda tap is set to tasty and they sell Otis Spunkmeyer Chocolate Chip cookies... I'm there about twice a week!
4	this place is super inexpensive and really fast, great place to take a quick lunch break
5	I just started going here a couple of weeks ago but now end up going at least three times a week. The sandwiches are loaded with meat and taste great, and the price just can't be beat; $5 will get you most of the sandwiches on the menu. Service is quick and personable.
5	This is one of those hole in the wall spots in an industrial park setting.  Basically you may not even know they are there until a friend or coworker tells you about it.I'm glad that they did! Aside from being in a nondescript location they have tremendous sandwich options!  For my first foray into their offerings I went with the Sparky, a mouth watering sandwich with turkey, bacon and avocado.  Since I'd gotten the sandwich in the Shorty Combo I was able to get some macaroni salad as a side.   If you don't like a heavy mayo taste in your macaroni salad I would advise against it as a side.  The potato salad or chips make an equally appetizing side.If you're going there for lunch be sure to go early or later than 12 since the seating is limited inside of AZ Sandwich Co.I will definitely go again!
5	I visited on a recent trip to AZ and WOW, if you haven't been you have to go! GREAT options, affordable price, and the tastiest sandwich I've ever eaten! Great for breakfast, lunch, and dinner options!
4	I just went to AZ Sandwich today.  It is hard to find this location and it almost looks like you are going to a bad alley. The location is in Tempe, so I knew it would be safe.I got a turkey club with avocado.  It was absolutely amazing and it came with a garlic vinegar sauce.  I opted to get the sauce on the side because my friend told me they have a tendency to drench the sauces on the sandwich.  I used the sauce almost like a French dip sauce.The sandwiches here are called "smallies." but they are actually quite a good size.  I actually got a combo thinking the size was too small, and I barely ate any of my chips.Overall, I am very happy with the freshness of the ingredients, and I feel like I got my bang for the buck!
5	Great quality meat and service with a smile!!
1	I use to work across the street from this place and would only go for convenience on super busy days that I needed a quick lunch. The reason is that the service is horrible and the food is alright but nothing special. I read the reviews and just laughed out loud because they are so true you really can't make this stuff up we had running stories at the office about who can top each crazy stories about this place. The strict restrictions are presented very abrasive and the funny part about that is when you are able to add on and pay for extras your order is missing what you asked for and you have to wait longer to get it right the second time or refunded. At some point I decided it was not worth the trouble no matter how close it was to the office I did not return.
4	Ive been driving by this place for years and finally decided to drop in.Its very tiny, only 7 or 8 small tables. They have fridges w/ bottled drinks on one wall, as well as a display of salads and other quick pick up lunch items. Above that is their huge sandwich board.Their options are vast, and most sound delicious. I went w/ a basic italian sub. When I got to the counter (the line went rather quickly) the girl at the register was very nice. I ordered, paid (decent prices!), and sat down w/ my husband to wait.We waited for about 10 minutes, and had our food! I really liked my sandwich, and would definitely order it again.  I got the sense that if you come here once a week theyll know your name by week 2 and probably know your "usual" by week 4. This place is really nothing to bragg about inside, but it still boasts a homey atmosphere.Stop in for lunch!
5	I really like AZ Sandwich Co because they make sandwiches and salads with integrity. it makes me feel good to know that someone cared/was prideful enough to make my sandwich delicious. Good people. Good foods.
4	Came here for the first time the other day while on my lunch from work. I ordered the #8 Sparky which was really tasty and was a great size. It was much bigger then I had expected. I wish they offered kettle chips or a better variety then Lays potato chips. Also, I wish they had some homemade potato salad like a red potato salad with dill. Something more exciting than the plain, old, boring, yellow potato salad that most places carry. So instead of getting a combo I bought just the sandwich, and went across the street to QT to buy a drink and chips, which is fine.Okay I do have one pet peeve about this place.  I think it's absolutely crazy that they don't answer the phone during the lunch rush. To me, that is really poor service. Don't get me wrong, obviously by my rating I truly like this place, but to say you're not going to answer the phone because of the rush seems almost...lazy. There are PLENTY of places that have lunch rushes, and some bigger than here and they answer the phones. I almost didn't come here because I originally was told about this place from a coworker so I Googled their number and called to find out more specifically where they were located. But instead of speaking with someone I listened to a message that stated no one would answer the phone during this time. It's a good thing I found them because had I not, that alone would make me not want to try them. It's a pretty big inconvenience to customers who have never been or would like to know about the items they carry. I just don't feel a business should ignore their customers just because they're busy.Even with the above I will still come here because the sandwiches are excellent!!! And this is coming from someone who isn't a huge fan of subs or sandwiches; I think it's because I ate them so much as a kid.
4	This place is right across the street from my new job which I started about 2 months ago. I have ventured across the street about once a week during this time and have grown pretty fond of Arizona Sandwich Co.  This place surely beats the hell out of Subway which isn't saying that much but I rather pay the extra two bucks to eat here every time. My two favorites are the Sparky (turkey, bacon, and avocado) and the hot pastrami. I get my hot pastrami with jalapenos and not pickles because hey what can I say, I like it hot.
4	This is a solid spot for lunch!  The service was great!  I got my food in a very timely manner.  My boyfriend and I LOVED the potato salad.  We also each enjoyed our sandwiches.  Mine had turkey, bacon, and avocado.  There was plenty of meat and the sub bread was really tasty and fresh.  They have lots of choices for both sandwiches and drinks.I also thought "The Office Hero" special was a clever deal.  You get 5 sandwiches with chips, cookies, and drinks for $30.  I don't work in an office, but if I did I would hop on that deal :-)
3	Ok, I work down the street and have seen the Line at this place and its UNREAL, ALWAYS been busy,, so I had a late lunch one day and the line wasnt bad,, Stopped in and got 2 samiches,, the Sky Harbor and the AZ Philly,, The price was great and so was the SUbs... this is a CAN DO place,,, Parking can be a BIA, so be warned,, Will add to a once a month rotation..
5	This location is near my job and when I order lunch from AZ Sandwich Co. I always get the Phoenix since  it has everything I like on it and the garlic dressing that they put on their sandwiches is down right sinful!  The sandwiches are always fresh and the staff is friendly, I go in after 1 pm and have never had to wait. For the deliciousness you get the price is right for the sandwiches, I never get the combo because I drink water more than soda and I usually have chips at work.
4	I've been going to this place to eat lunch for about a year now since I work down the street from the location. The sandwiches are extremely well priced yet the side items can be a bit expensive. $1.50 or so for about 10 or so grapes. They've made some very recent changes to their staff which has severely decreased the level of service expectations. I've been there 3 times this past week and received negative service quality each time. It has been very disappointing. But that won't stop me from going as the sandwiches are definitely "worth the weight".
4	Pretty quick and tasty food. Reasonably priced and big portions.Parking is difficult and the restaurant is packed during lunch.I am disappointed in them for writing a message on the pop machine today that said ice machine is not working but soda is still cold! It was NOT cold, luke warm at best, so I felt duped into buying a drink that I wouldn't have if they wouldn't have lied.I want to give this place a 3, but it is too solid, it deserves a 4.
4	The subs are great! Super Fresh food. Never a bad sandwich
5	Great selection of sandwiches, snacks, and beverages. Perfect little sandwich shop with good prices. I will be back for sure!
4	Had pastrami. Good quality meat-excellent bread. Macaroni salad was really good. Fast friendly service. I'll definitely be back...maybe tomorrow.
5	Today was my first time visiting this great sandwich shop. I got the #5 sub sandwich...basically the italian sub. The sub was full of meat and their special sauce was so good. It was some sort of garlic and vinegar sauce. They have a lot of choices and the subs are affordable.
1	I have been eating here for a while and never had any problems until today. I ordered a turkey and bacon avocado sandwich and I got a turkey and avocado sandwich. Probably they didn't have any more bacon from breakfast and where to lazy to cook more so they just hoped I wouldn't notice. I called back and they wouldn't come down the street to my work and fix there mistake, they where rude and told me that if I didn't want to eat their anymore that was fine. NO MONEY BACK EITHER,  poor customer service. I won't go their again.
5	I probably eat here way too much. But dang, it's so delicious! The club is the best! The staff is great; always friendly and efficient.
4	No lunch rush on Sunday afternoon. Place was empty of students and I had my turkey, avocado and cheese in minutes. Pretty good sandwich - the turkey quality might have been a tiny level below Boars Head, but still whatever it was, it worked well. They did not skimp on the avocado (more like guacamole) either and the combo was $7.25 with chips/drink. The better deal is just to get the sandwich for $4.50 and some water from the freestyle machine. I do love Mello Yello and they don't sell Mello Zero in stores, so for me, finding it in that machine made for an even better lunch. Lots of grab and go salads too that might have some potential, depending on how long they have been in the case. Good spot, especially with no crowds.
5	I love this place, I always try something new when I'm there and I am yet to be disappointed.
5	This place is AMAZING. I had been to a few other sandwich joints in the area and figured that this would just be another generic sandwich shop. Wrongggggg.I got the #5 which is an Italian sandwich and some mac salad and both are killer. The sandwich was full of meat, tasty lettuce, and the dressing they put on are sooooo good. Mac salad was pretty normal and I like when places don't fill it with a bunch of crunchy ass random vegis. I'd definitely go back and it was all under $10 with a drink too! I'm definitely full and they got my food out fast, even when they were busy!
1	I work very close and have tried this place many times, each time thinking I'm not going back, but one of the few handy places on university and area.  First complaint they take your order like McDonalds "hurry up I don't have time for your special requests". I have food allergies I have to be able to make special requests. The prices how ever are more than McDonalds.  Staff is not very friendly, I realize that they are very busy but always time for smile and to look someone in the Eye.  They don't even seem to talk to each other.  Then 3rd issue, I find something I like and I can eat with out getting sick, they stop serving it or run out by noon.  (Chicken Salad)  This time I tried to order the vegetable sub without the bun, this comes with out cheese is my assumption since it is considered vegetarian.  She said they would make me salad (not what i asked for but ok).  Came with Shredded cheese (had to pick off allergy) Lettuce was nearly full leaves, needed knife to get it bite size. also used romaine, I wanted Ice berg like on a sandwich.  Guess if you can just eat any thing and don't mind that but I know we send lots of visitors to our company over there and none are impressed any more than I am.
5	Excellent breakfast burritos. I work close by and came in to try it out. The only problem I will be having is not eating there all the time. Great place.
5	What a great restaurant. My wife and I are use to going to Morning Star Cafe not far away and wanted something for a change. This place is excellent. We both had their chicken and wild rice soup and it was very yummy. I had the turkey and roast beef sandwich while my wife had their daily special. We both really enjoyed the sandwiches. This place really has your drink choices covered as well. Lots and lots of choices! We will be back for sure!
5	Longer wait, but really great breakfast burritos. Bacon, egg, potato and cheese was very good. Looking forward to trying more from the lunch menu. And even the catering for work. Fresh carrot cake delivered in was the best part. We finished it before our food even came out.
5	Very clean.  Very fresh sandwiches.  Clearly a very well run operation - run by people who care.  The bathroom was very clean - I always love to see that.  The place looks organized.  My sandwich was truly delicious and the bread was fresh.  I stopped in just by chance as I was hungry when returning from the airport.  I am glad I did!If I was going to make any suggestions for  management, I would recommend that they add more tables - and improve the comfort level (and style of) the tables/chairs (the existing furniture is extremely basic).  I would also improve the signage - the only reason I found this place on a Saturday is because I was driving by and saw a little lighted sign that said "OPEN".  I almost missed that little sign....
3	This place is OK, but I wouldn't go again. The bread was incredibly dry. There are a thousand choices and a long line that is rushed along. When I got to the front I felt panicked. I ended up getting the trusty #1 (Turkey). All their sandwiches come with thousand island dressing and mayo and mustard, etc. That was the only unique thing I could notice. Only one size sandwich. Biggest plus? Their drinks are huge and they have a coke machine. They also have ice cream in a freezer if you want dessert.
5	Okay this was my first time here and I wasn't disappointed. Very clean place including their restrooms, which is a plus in my book. The Phoenix sandwich was great; can't wait to come back and try the AZ Philly.
4	I stopped in here randomly with a co-worker to switch up the daily lunch spot and have been back every work day two weeks running. The sandwiches taste great and are portioned generously and reasonably priced. The interaction with the staff has been pleasant with every visit. They have a variety of selections in sandwiches as well as bottled/fountain drinks, salads, and desserts...The fat kid in me has been eying that freshly sliced strawberry cheese cake for a while now, it looks so good lol. I will definitely keep returning to and recommending this place. 4/5 stars
4	I thought the ATC (Avocado, Turkey and Cheese) was a bit better at Submarina, in my hometown of San Diego, but this sandwich was by no means a bad one. Service was friendly and very fast - the six inch sandwich seemed smaller than what I am used to, but that might have just been my perception. I think I would try it again and see what another sandwich was like.
5	Came across this gem on a Yelp search and really glad I did. I can't wait to go back again and try something else the Phoenix rocks!
5	Best little sandwich place ever!! I stop by and get the sparky at least once a week. Quick service delicious food, their bread is to die for!
4	The bread is similar to Hawaiian rolls. I opted for the veggie sandwich and my sister-in-law opted for the avocado, turkey cheese. It would have been better if they put a little more meat in her sandwich, but for a $7 meal, not bad at all.
5	Awesome place! Delicious sandwiches and friendly people. Cant go wrong. Great prices and specials everyday and super fast. Lightyears ahead of those big chain sandwich shops.
