4	Food is great, real authentic italian food. Sushi bar seems a little out of place, but the sushi chef is great and the sushi is actually very good. The filet mignon was not worth the price, it was tasteless but EVERYTHING else on the menu is delicious. I have been a couple of times. It is bring your own wine.
5	The most authentic italian cuisine you can find. It's like taking a trip down memory lane.
2	Yes, I'm confused. The sushi was A-1, delicious, and pricey ($25.00 for an assortment plate). The pizza was quite nice but the linguini with clam sauce was not impressive, at this price don't you think that they wouldn't serve the unopened clams that circle the bowl, 1/3 of them were not edible. Astonishing. We finished off with the Tiramisu that was very good, but at $7.00 for a scoop? And literally, it appeared they use an ice-cream scooper. Just this side of skimpy for the price. Even with their faults, it would have been more acceptable if the waiter had been just a little more affable, maybe they were short-staffed, maybe that's how it works over there, he was often difficult to get a hold of. The fact that it's a byow establishment usually makes it all the more appealing, but I have an itch that there is better out there.
4	I was initially put off by the fact that we made reservations, came on time, but came in to see that there was no spot reserved for us and they had opted to give away our tables.Still, I didn't want that even to ruin my meal. I don't usually opt for pasta dishes but, when it's promised to be quality homemade dishes, I'll give it a go.I wanted to try the best pasta dish they could boast and chose, upon recommendation, the sweet potato gnocchi. It did not disappoint. The gnocchi piece were the size of meatballs and the mushroom sauce was delicious.It was a bit on the pricey side, as BYOW's tend to be (since you've already forgotten how much you've spent on wine). In any case, I'd rather spend $16 on a good homemade pasta than $13 on a crappy, out of the box pasta.The ambiance leans to the modern side and is very reminiscent of Au Vieux Four Manago.The sushi is a bit out of place but I've heard good things about it.
3	Comfortable ambience. Great sushi. Service can be very slow - if you are not in a hurry try this place out.
4	The food was very good. I had the veal scallopini with lobster in a cream sauce. Everyone in our party thoroughly enjoyed our food. The service really stood out. Very friendly servers, always around when we needed them. We were served by several people who brought us water, fresh pepper etc.I've had better food and possibly better service, but this was a very good combination of the two. Would go there again.
2	It's pricier for the quality I orderedI ordered the fish of the day (Mahi Mahi, 28$) it was undercooked and subpar. I had better expectations.I've also had the pizza and the crust is like their bread which is stellar but the cheese is also subpar.Bring your own wine is a positive part but I won't recommend this place.
