1	This office recommended very pricey dental work for my husband and my 3 year old daughter.  The office refuses to use any metal dental work--opting only to provide costly ceramic and composite dental work.  Additionally, the dentist made a recommendation for very significant dental work on my 3 year old (which would have included a general anesthesia) based on NO xrays.  I found this disturbing and appalling.
5	I have actually had a great experience here.they have saved my teeth.anytime you are getting quality extensive dental work it's going to cost you and here you get what you pay for.I'm very satisfied and have recommended my friends come here
5	I have never had a better experience in a dental office. They made sure I was comfortable & all my needs & concerns/options were addressed before they started. I have been more than happy with their work & service! I would have no problem going back & recommending this place to my friends.
5	I love this place. I had researched a lot of offices and picked this one based on the reviews I found. It's a beautiful office with great staff. I didn't feel like they were just emptying my pockets.. Infact, when I couldn't afford the initial price quote they found a cheaper option for me that still included everything I needed. Foothills Smiles goes above and beyond to help you out. Very recommended. And this is coming from someone who HATES the dentist!
5	The staff made me feel welcome from the moment I stepped in the door. Clean, bright, positive, new technology - everything about this place and the staff is great, especially in comparison to my bad experience at another office recently. As a new patient, you'll get a tour and actually be introduced to everybody. I was offered bottled water and even got to pick a movie (with headphones) while my procedure was being done. I am a wimp when it comes to dental visits, but there was absolutely no pain during the x-rays, exam, and cleaning out a tooth that will need a root canal tomorrow. I am hoping this five-star review won't be filtered out by Yelp - I really had a good experience at Foothills Smiles today. Dr. Jarvis is now our family dentist.
5	Everyone was very friendly! Great customer service. :) Great, clean, and awesome staff!
1	The used car dealership of dentistry.  I felt like a medium for their fleecing of the insurance company.  They refused to clean my teeth after I refused their up-sale to a costly (and unnecessary) procedure.  Also, the dentist didn't have the guts to face me himself and tell me this...they sent in the receptionist.  Not even a hygienist.  I recognize at least 1 of these "5 star" reviews as an employee.  Avoid at all cost.  Find a dentist committed to quality health care and not extracting the absolute maximum from the insurance company.  This place is what is wrong with health care in this country.
5	So it's kind of strange that I would have TWO dental office reviews on Yelp, but I can't help myself.  Although Foothills Smiles Dentistry is about 25 minutes from Old Town Scottsdale, my visit was 100% worth the drive. I had a little accident where I suddenly found myself with a chipped tooth! First one ever!  I was traumatized.  I immediately was in touch with Dr. Amy Younger who so kindly gave me a list of openings for the week for me to choose from; SIGN ME UP.Going to a new doctor's office is always stressful: update insurance info, paperwork, medical history, mouth problems, yadda yadda yadda.  At Smiles, the process took all of 5 minutes and was all completed on a computer! You can also take some time before coming in to fill this information out prior to your visit - how convenient! Dr. Younger personally came out to greet me (as I was a new patient) and once my x-rays were taken, came right in to begin fixing my chipped tooth.  With a excellent balance of professionalism and personality, Dr. Younger was finished smoothing out my tooth in about 10 minutes, all while entertaining me with her bubbly persona -and not expecting me to answer! Now that's a talent ALL dentists should have. Overall - great experience, definitely going back, love the dentist now. Dr. Amy Younger really made me "smile" and almost excited for my next cleaning.
5	Considering my experience with a previous dentist, I was hesitant to try a new one. But my experience was absolutely the best.  Foothills Smiles is the best dentist I have been to in the valley!! They are professional, friendly, and reassuring allowing their patients to feel comfortable during the visit.  Most people dread going to the dentist, but I feel motivated to continue going to my 6 month check-ups!!
5	You have found the best Dentist office in the greater Phx area. They get you in on a moment's notice and can have work done the same day as your first visit. I have never seen that anywhere else. Every person you meet on staff will treat you with respect and listen to your needs. I am so impressed with this office. They also have incredibly modern equipment and different treatment options depending on your pay scale. 5 out of 5
4	Let me start off by saying my mouth is a mess, I always end up needing something done. I was a patient at another dentist, who I loved, but couldn't afford to come up with thousands of dollars up front. So I searched around and found Foothills and Every Kids Dentist. All 3 of my kids were seen by an incredible pediatric dentist...he is awesome! My 12 year old I were seen my Dr. Jarvis, who is equally great. The front staff know you by face and greet you immediately and have your paperwork (on the computer) ready within seconds, you sign your electronic signature  and the wait is short. Like I mentioned I have had 7 root canals (2 with Foothills Smiles) so I have always prepared myself that I'll need something done. They have the front staff come in with the costs and try everything in their power to make it where it works for you...even when you make it hard for them. The only issue I ever had there was the actual root canal experience, which isn't a great one to begin with, but I've never been as uncomfortable with one as I was there these last 2 times. Dr. Situ is a bit rough and seems totally unsympathetic to the patient. This last one (a week ago) was the worst by far, and she did get the biopure on my shirt, which bleached it. It wasn't a designer shirt but I somehow got upset by it, I think I was cranky, and they did credit me $30 for the shirt, so unnecessary but so appreciated!  I always tell people they are great and I will continue to do so...they are incredibly friendly and helpful and seem to bend over backwards to make the patient feel comfortable.I would just say to be blunt with Dr. Situ, I tried and I might consider going elsewhere for any root canals but in general I love this office!
5	I hate the dentist, let's start off with that...In March, I woke up one morning and my face was swollen. I went to work, but I felt a fever coming on and the swelling was increasing. I called Foothill Smiles and they said they were booked. I told the receptionist what was going on and I could hear her concern over the phone. She put me on hold and came back with "Can you be here by 5:30?" Phew! Got over to them and they got me in just before they closed, so off the bat I'm impressed. During the X-Rays, I explain "Look, I know my mouth is a mess, I am terrible with my teeth. Please, I'm not interested in lots of work, I just need to get this done." They assured me they would only focus on my issue at hand and they did. The procedure was awful (the pain), but the doctor and staff were spot on. The billing person didn't rush me (even though they were staying late) and worked us through several options, didn't up-sell us on anything. I had to come back in for a root canal and bridge, so this one visit turned into 3, but they were very accomodating with my schedule, and called the day before each one to remind me (I need that, I forget everything!). Fast forward to today... I got a call last week for my "check-up" (again, I forgot, thanks!) I went in knowing I would need more than a cleaning. On my last visit, I found out the doctor I enjoyed had left to her own practice, so today I met Dr. Hilton. So, remember, I hate the dentist, but I'm also afraid when the dentist is younger than me (makes me tremble). My first instict "Sh*t!" We go through X-Rays (with Bonnie, who was there for my extraction, she rocks!) and Dr. Hilton. The doctor points out everything going on, and he seemed to have a good grasp of what was already going on with me even though I had been there maybe 10 minutes. He pointed out several root canals, but only one he felt was urgent, and some other work (some roots that are dead... I told you, my mouth is gross!) He was upfront and said "If you have the time, let's get this done, or let's schedule it for very soon." I was concerned about finances. The finance reps (is that what they are?) came in and I was overwhelmed. Sorry, this is going to have to wait. I was bummed to not be able to afford the procedure. They came back 5 minutes later and said "Sir, we have changed our policies on in-house coverage, and you appear to be pre-approved. If you don't mind, can we go through it." I said sure, but if you've seen my mouth, you've seen my credit report. BOOM! Approved, and for more than I needed! So, let's get the work done! They get me ready for a couple hours of work (and warn me ahead of time it will take awhile). Not going to lie, and you might not believe this, but Dr. Hilton was so good at what he does that I fell asleep in the chair. No, I wasn't not given anesthesia! Once they got working on the root canal, since it seemed like a long time, I closed my eyes, and I think I startled them when I woke up snoring! LOL! I also have to point out that Dr. Hilton played assistant to his assistant, often getting his own tools and running the x-ray machine for her (that was a first for me!). I know that when I go back for the rest of my work, I am requesting him by name. But I still hate going to the dentist... HA!
4	Hospitable staff.- cordial front office people- hygienists and assistants educated me about teeth, and seemed to care about my oral health.- Dr Jarvis was very professional and left me satisfiedOverall: I will be coming back
5	Everyone I have come in contact with at Foothills Smiles has been very nice and treated me as though I've been going there for years. I do not have insurance,  and  although the procedures I've had to have done (root canal, crown, another crown and now another crown) are expensive, their pricing is very competitive and perhaps the best in the area. Dr. Jarvis does excellent work and strives for no pain.The only negative (and it's not much) is that I would prefer more 'hands on' from the doctor instead of the assistant. But perhaps that is just me and things have changed in the many years I've been going to dentists.I would recommend Foothills Smiles and Dr. Jarvis to anyone.
2	Although the staff here is very friendly, Dr. Jarvis is incompetent.    When the crown he gave me didn't fit right, instead of offering to do it over, he suggested a root canal which I didn't need, and he kept me coming back for adjustment after adjustment.  During my appointment where he put on my crown, he cut my tongue which was very painful and was a long recovery.  He also had me waiting in his office for a 3 hour appointment when the machine that made the crown malfunctioned.  He also blamed the problem on my bite, instead of taking responsibility.  I switched to Dr. Ito at Sonoran, and he redid my crown in a much more skilled, nurturing manner.  It turns out I never needed a root canal.  I would avoid this place and go to Sonoran instead.
5	I have had nothing but great experiences with the entire staff here. I had an unprepared amount of anxiety my first visit, and everyone did everything they could to make me feel comfortable. I also was unable to afford the work they were proposing (not because it was exceedingly high priced, but because I have a low budget) , but they kept working with me and trying new plans until they found something within my price range. I was very embarrassed to go back because of my anxiety from the first visit (I had a full on panic attack and couldn't stop crying, ended up leaving before any work could be done), but I'm glad I did. Everyone was so understanding and warm, and it made things easier. They really listen to you and do everything they can to accommodate your specific needs. Dr. Jarvis does a great job of reminding you that you are in control and you can tell them to stop at any point, which to someone with anxiety, is extremely comforting to hear. Everything was also explained to me in detail from procedures, to pricing, to post op. They make sure you understand everything, and there are no surprises. I really recommend them, 100%, to anyone, but especially if you have anxieties about dental care. I honestly had nowhere to go because I was so afraid, and really considered just letting my teeth go without care and deal with the pain and embarrassment. If anyone reading this is in the same boat, definitely give these guys call.
1	Dental care without the care. This dentist was rude and unable to communicate clearly with our family the result was terrible care for my son. We are currently in search for a new dentist that has basic communication skills and is willing to fix the two cavities hurting my 3 yo
2	I will begin by saying the staff is extremely nice and patient with you. Going to the dentist can be difficult and having a friendly face greet you can make it a little easier. That being said, this dentist is not a place I ever want to go back to. Of the five or six times I had to go in for them to check up on/perform a root canal and give me crowns, I only left without tears in my eyes once. For two crowns and a single root canal WITH insurance, my total came to about $3000, and I have fairly decent insurance. That was last year. While working on those crowns they happened to knick another tooth. I finally went in to see them about it, they literally stuck a stick in my mouth to bite on and told me the tooth was cracked and I needed another root canal! I decided no. I was not going to pay another $1000 because my "insurance will only cover $200" (which I've double checked and it easily pays 50% or more of all types of crowns) so I decided to get a second opinion. Turns out a cavity got under an existing filling. Cost me $30 to fix. Looking at my bill for this recent cleaning/attempt to give me a root canal, I'm seeing this mysterious charge for oral hygiene instructions, which I've seen a few other users mention. If by instruction you mean staff members attempting to pressure me to get a crown I don't need then sure, I absolutely received that service. This office also does seem to push crowns on everyone. My last visit I heard them tell at least two other patients they needed a crown. Based on the other reviews I've read and things I've heard, I know that crowns happen but this just seems excessive. So glad I am never going back. Save yourself the tears and the cash.
1	I called this practice about a year ago to set up an appointment. Had never been to the clinic, but it was close to home. I ended up having to cancel, without rescheduling. They called me repeatedly after that to get me to reschedule. That should have been the first red flag. Eventually I set up another appointment for a x-rays and an exam, both of which are fully covered under my dental insurance program. Front office staff was very nice, no complaints about that, as was the gal who took my x-rays. Dr. Jarvis examined my teeth, then gave me the typical song and dance about how I should get the work done on my teeth ASAP. The estimate was around $1300. Then in came the dental hygientist who wasn't so friendly. Before I left the office, I was assured that they'd checked my insurance and it would cover everything...even remarking what great coverage I had. Fast forward one month later, I get an invoice in the mail for $50. I called them; they said they'd look into it. No call back. I called them again and they told me it was my deductible (which I should not have had). Turns out it wasn't my deductible; I was charged for some sort of fancy x-rays they took that weren't covered under my insurance! They continued to send me invoices. I ended up paying the damn bill just to get them off my back. Still, the invoices kept coming. I finally called their accounting offices (which is a third-party outfit in CA) and finally got someone to recognize that the bill had been paid. Obviously, I will not be going back.
1	I was told I needed a lot of procedures that, in fact, I didn't need when I got a second opinion at a dental office nearby. The staff is personable but that is about all I have to say regarding this. I was in there for 3 hours for just a consult and X-rays.
4	Ok who really likes going to the dentist but the staff at Foothills Smiles is so friendly and they make you feel so welcomed. Dr. Jarvis is awesome. He constantly asked to make sure I was ok and that I wasn't in any pain. Made my dentist trip more bearable that's for sure.
