2	For the uptown worker, there is always the quest for noon time sustinence.  a chance to escape the cubicle and enjoy an oasis of food until you have to punch back in.Located in the Overstreet Mall across from McDonald's, Brad's isn't that oasis.  Carrying all the weight of the Fuel Pizza corporation behind it and supposedly having a heritage of success in the Syracuse, NY area, Brad's is a bland sandwich in a brown paper bag... literally.My first experience was a turkey on wheat.  Basic.  And that was all it was.  Basic.A month or so later, I returned to give the chicken salad sandwich a try.  With a good chicken salad, you shouldn't need more than just cheese on it.  Brad's chicken salad came off to me as more of a chicken flavored relish.  There were no discernible chunks of chicken and the texture was dominated by pickles and celery.  Today, I decided for one last attempt.  The meatball marinara with provolone.  I mean, they are run by a pizza company, shouldn't be too hard.Quick tangent: a six inch sandwich is $5.95. A LARGE eight inch sandwich is $6.50.  And you have the choice of white or wheat.  That is all.  No italian. Nothing with honey or oats.  Nothing the least bit flashy as far as flashy bread goes.I digress.  Since, in my mind, the various Doritos and kettle chips they have to accompany the sandwich don't really go with my decided italian theme, I opted for the LARGE.It was very "eh" inducing.  And with an eight inch meatball sub and a medium drink ringing in at $9.05, I not only feel disatisfied, but also stupid.I shan't return...  Oasis?  Mirage....
2	I feel bad ripping on a place located in Uptown.  I mean, with all the disadvantages of placing a restaurant in this town (high overhead/rent, stiff competition, etc.) it's a wonder we don't only have McDonalds and Burger King duking it out in the Overstreet Mall.  That is why I was so excited to see an original "sandwichery" (my word; look for it in Webster's, next years edition) open up in the Mall.When you think of Brad's, think Quiznos, minus the good bread choices and creative sandwiches.  Sure, Brad's throws their subs through the conveyor toaster...whoop-de-doo.  When I saw they only offered two bread choices (white or wheat), I actually got excited!  Here I was thinking that a sandwich shop that only offers two bread choices must bake their bread in-house, thus restricting them from getting too wild and crazy.  Um, the dude took my roll out of a bag.  And it wasn't even a good bagged roll.The level of meat and cheese on the sandwhich was sparse, at best.  $10 for a subpar 8-inch sub, chips, and fountain drink is pricey, even taking into consideration the Uptown location.  Ri Ra's sandwich shop down the street will do you better, but even they aren't that good.Back to the sandwich drawing board...
3	I thought this place was a-ok for a quick lunchGrilled Cheese - not really melted but okay ratio of bread to cheese ( maybe a bit more would have been better but then again, I always think that ).  Bread was soft & had it been on the grill a bit longer, it wold have been nicely toasted.  The cheese was a nondescript white variety maybe like a Monterey Jack but it was tastyWhat really paired well w/ it was the pepper relish & tomato I added.  The relish provided just the slightest eek of spice to make it more flavorful w/out being at all spicyLots of different chips from which to choose - you're in.  You're out.  You're sandwiched.
3	Brad, I wanted to love you.  With your funky, colorful decorations, and your hipster-y face staring at me from the window.  But sadly, I could not love you. You are just outdone by all the other $8-$10/meal sandwich places in uptown. You need to put more meat on your sandwiches, have some interesting side dishes, or make your waiters walk around beatboxing or something to attract a crowd that has many many many many many other sandwich-y choices.I haven't tried the cupcakes or "organic" coffee that you came to our table and tried to get us to sample in the middle of eating sandwiches.  Because that's what I want to do, gulp down some coffee in the middle of eating my sandwich.  Alas, Brad, I think your days might be numbered if something doesn't change. Sandwiches are serious business.That being said, the staff and sandwich makers are very friendly, and when I went, they were still working out some kinks (I think it was like the 3rd day you were open), and someone messed my stuff up, so I got my sandwich for free, so that's why you get 3 stars.
2	Add me to the list of those who were excited for months seeing the "Brad's sandwiches and stews coming soon!" signs in the Overstreet Mall across from Mickey D's.  I LOVE a good sandwich!  Alas... Brad's has done nothing but disappoint."Toasted" subs warmed but far from toasted, small size, average bread, minuscule portions of meat, way too expensive for what you get...  Bah!  What a shame.  Based on crowd sizes I see as I walk by, Brad's days are numbered.  How about replacing with a Which Wich?
2	I really just didn't like the sandwiches. I thought that it was a sandwich I could have just made at home and brought to work. The bread was old, and the lunch meat was sub par. The manager is just not very friendly, and generally sarcastic with people in a rude way. I walk by this place everyday and choose not to eat there. Their cup cakes are alright though....
2	I used to go to brad's quite often when they first opened. I really enjoyed their Ginsburg Salad. Well after eating about two a week for a few months it was time for me to take a break. So I went back today and got my salad.First, lets start with the fact it's a $7 salad and I could make them for much less but to be realistic I am not going to do that. Now I do understand that the toppings on this salad are expensive (goat cheese, walnuts, cran-raisins, red onion) but the two leaf's of romaine lettuce...not so much. When I was handed my salad today I thought they were kidding. The container was less than half-full and there were no onions or goat cheese. To be fair he did realize he forgot the cheese while i was still staring at my salad in disbelief (I didn't notice the onions were missing until I had walked back to my building 4 blocks away).Needless to say, I ate my salad and I wish I had skipped the walk to lunch so I could go home an hour early. Should have just gone to McDonald's across the hall. Won't be returning Brads, sorry.
1	Can i give zero stars?  This was, by far, the worst breakfast we have gotten in Charlotte. The sign says fresh new breakfast, not even close.  Pls look at the pic of one of the "sandwiches" I posted.  Awful.  Styrofoam eggs, forgot the cheese on all sandwiches, and half a scoop of eggs an one sausage patty split in half for a hoagie roll. For 4+ dollars.  Why would anyone in their right mind go to this place, I was fooled once, pls don't repeat my mistake.
4	Ok, Brad, you've begun to reinvent yourself.  I approve.  Your soups are so fresh and tasty, and with a choice of 5 soups each day, there's something for everyone.  If you're a soup lover (like me), try the chili.  It's clearly full of fresh vegetables, and chunky, not just an occasional pepper and bean among a sea of super fine ground beef and tomato sauce.  And the fresh baked goodies?  Excellent, especially when they are BOGO after 2pm - genius!  I do wish, however, that you had more of a rotation in choice of cookies, rather than just triple chocolate and peanut butter chocolate.Salads are tasty, and different, which is great.  You may want to try charging less for the snackies by the register.  3 bucks for a tiny cup of jelly bellies seems a bit ridiculous, considering that Walgreens is a few steps away, but you're getting the idea with the snackitude in the afternoons.  Keep it up!
3	OK.... I decided to give Brad's another try, partly after stumbling across Jessica M's recent review that described some reinvention.  Went the same route I did that led to my initial two star review in 2011 and got one of their subs  While I still wouldn't call it toasted the way they do, there was a definite upgrade in terms of the amount and quality of meat.  Not overstuffed by any means and I would recommend they still work to add some more meat to each sandwich but, for the price, the 6" version anyway is now closing in on being worth what you pay.  I plan to go back and hope that they keep on improving.  I like soup a lot so plan to try one of their offerings in that category next go round.
2	Located in the Overstreet Mall, next to McDonald's. I decided to give them a try and ordered the Club, turkey, ham, roast beef, bacon & Swiss, with whatever additions, lettuce, tomato, etc. the line was long so I thought that is good sign. The bread was blah and the deli meat was nasty, almost slimed tasting. Too many better sandwich subs places downtown.
3	This place is just ok. The food is good but nothing special. Its definitely overpriced for what you get. They are trying to go for the very casual looking place but unfortunately it doesn't cone off as edgy and trendy....just comes off as they dont care. Supplies are left out as well as the parts for soda machine. If someone wanted to meet me there I would go but not going to choose to go myself. 9 dollars for soda chips and a sandwich I coukd have made at home is not worth it.
4	Though I have not tried their breakfast, Brad's has become one of my go-to lunch staples in Uptown since it is close to my office and they serve some tasty food...  FAST!  I think this location used to be another sub shop (more mainstream) but I think Brad's is holding its own in this location.  You move through the line fairly quickly to get a sandwich or salad - I do have to say it takes a while to get used to their system, but after you go through once or twice, it's pretty awesome instead of waiting for your number/name to be called out somewhere else or have a server or have to have a pager.Once you order your base sandwich on white or wheat the sandwich is then toasted and the cheese becomes melty and gooey.  The guy on the other side of the toaster puts your toppings:  lettuce, tomato, onion, etc.  They have standard toppings and premium toppings to add for an extra $0.25.  You can even get crushed chips in your sandwich.  Dressings:  mayo, oil, and vinegar... Brad's Italian is good on the italian sub ;)  My favorite is "The Sauce" that has just enough kick to give you enough heat for the rest of the afternoon.  Not overwhelming to where your mouth is on fire, but just enough.Your are handed your sandwich and then you proceed to pay at the register.  Simple enough, right?I have had their chili and other soups... pretty decent if you aren't feeling chips or if you want something warm to go with your salad.The dining room is small and kept neat - there is a street "feeling" so it's super casual and you wont get judged by your attire here.
