5	We order an 18" thin crust sausage pizza with a little extra sauce about once a week. Our order is always right we've never had a problem! I usually pick it up, but from time to time I have it delivered. They're usually here on time, I can't honestly remember a time that they have been late. The food is amazing and well worth the wait. I had a terrible time finding good pizza in AZ (I'm originally from Chicago) and this is the best I've found!
2	We had the Hawaiian pizza the other night. I gave it two stars only because it was ready on time.  It was the 18 inch, but did not have enough cheese or anything else to be the smallest size.  The crust was  one of the worst I have ever had.I grew up in Chicago; this was advertised as a Chicago style pizza.Except for the checkerboard cutting, no way!Worst of all, it cost almost $20!
1	Does anyone have an update on what is happening here!!?? I call and call and no one answers. I ordered a pizza a couple weeks ago that obviously wasn't the same recipe they had previously used ... in the mean time I've switched to the Rosati's on Val Vista (I've been informed it's the same owner).
3	great food, but spend as little time inside as possible customer service is poor, and I wish when you said open at 11, that when i call at noon i don't get a machine. 3 stars the food is worth it, but make sure your patience runs high.
1	HELLO??? Does anyone know how to answer the phone there? I have called a few times over the last several months. NO ANSWER!! I called again to order catering. HA, what do you know...still no answer!!
5	Update!! Talked to Rosati owner of the Power/Thomas location. He informed me he just bought 3 locations as of the week of Dec 12th. He bought the Greenfield, Crimson, & Val Vista locations. This is great news! Now we don't have to worry about poor customer service and still able to enjoy a Rosati pizza whenever we want to....not as before, when the previous owner decided he would work. All 4 locations are owned & operated by a husband & wife team. They even caterered our company Christmas party on Friday (12/16) with less than a 24 hr notice! Great job!
1	BEWARE THIS PLACE WILL RIP YOU OFF!!!  MAKE SURE YOU CHECK THE TOTAL OF YOUR ORDER WITH THEIR MENU PRICES!My wife and co workers ordered food last night.  They asked to pay separate for their orders.  The restaurant said it wasn't a problem.  They noticed after the fact that all 7 people were charged a $3 delivery fee.  THAT'S $21 ON TOP OF THEIR TIP THEY ALREADY GAVE THE DRIVER!!!  No one bothered to tell them they were getting hit up 7 times for a delivery fee, including the driver.They also asked if there were any specials or coupons going on at the moment.  The person on the phone said no.  They received a menu with their order and sure enough there were coupons.  On to the food, my wife's portion to the feast was salad.  For $14 she received 2 salads that fit in two small containers.  She said that a 99 cent salad at Wendy's had more going on than her $14 salads.  That's the last time anyone in this family orders from Rosatti's.   The bottom line is this area is CRAWLING with amazing Italian food.  IMHO, there is no room for ripping off your customers, there are so many other options in this area to choose from.  Judging by the low reviews and lack of effort this company is making to make things right, I can't see them being in business much longer.
1	the pizza was great for awhile, then the pizza started to taste like those big permanent markers. i guess it was the ink from the cardboard, got it 2 times, told the manager, he said no one else complained about it?  have to say it's the last time i go there
5	We had our pizza delivered to a friends house. I am pretty sure that this is the location he ordered from. The deep dish pizza was very good. The crust was light and airy, so we didn't feel like we ate 5 pounds of bread. We ordered the "monster," and the toppings were excellent.
1	No surprise, the place is gone.
2	Maybe I should have read the reviews prior...Told me my pie would be to me within THE hour...I clarified within AN hour right?  Correct.  An hour seems a bit long for a place 2 miles away.  1:15 later, called in and aoh yes, the driver is just leaving now.  nice.  $5 off the next pie ok?  NO.  ok $10 off the next.  Fine.  Arrived 1:38 minutes after ordering.  No high hopes here.  Pizza was luke warm at best.  Lovely.  and the wrong type!  We ordered DEEP DISH, got PAN.  Now if you read the menu, which I did, they have deep dish and pan.  Now I understand that.  called back and got a manager that tried to explain that deep dish means pan to them on their system!!  R U kidding me????  I am not interested in solving your corporate stupidity, I want the pizza I ordered and I ordered it exactly how it is listed on your site!Now the only thing that kep them from a 1 star rating is the manager offered to send another pizza for free, which I turned into next time and I did not have the time to wait for another timely delivery.  So KUDOS to the manager for doing the right thing, however everything else left a lot to be desired.  I know I will go back for 1 more pizza at least...
1	Long black hair baked carefully in the center of the pie!!  Yum Yum!
1	We ordered a Chicago Style Deep dish pizza from here tonight. I specified that the sausage topping should be according to company policy which states "they are spaced a knuckle's length apart". When I got the pizza home it just looked sparse on toppings. Yup IT WAS ! There was about 1/2 the required amount. I called the place and explained the problem. - Oh well I told the cook but I guess he didn't follow instructions. No offer to make it right!.The crust was also skimpy and thin.I have ordered this exact pie at the 1035 N Ellsworth Rd. Location on several occasions and was very satisfied. I'll just go the extra couple of miles and get a good pie in the future.
1	This review isn't based on just one bad night.First off, the Rosati's chain has been broken down... they're not all alike. This particular restaurants crust is a little soggier (but it's not soggy, it's just not what I grew up with or ate regularly when we lived in Scottsdale.) Also, the sauce is blander.  This restaurant seems to have a problem with time management.  My husband tells me that he usually has to wait a few minutes past the time they say to be there for the pizza to be ready.  He said it happens more often than not.We started having really bad customer service a couple weeks ago, though.  Last week I called in an order, but their internet was down.  It was a bit of a chore for the guy to get the order in because I am in a Rosati's club/program where I get points for dollars spent and they had given me a special Halloween coupon...  I spent $30 and never did get credit for that as it turns out.  Given the night, I am not surprised.  So I'd called in my order and they said to be there between 30-35 minutes.  We got there at 35 minutes from hanging up my phone.  Guy at the front took my money and then went into the back.  .....................................................  He didn't come back!  Right about the time we were wondering, "what the heck?" we hear the bald headed  bearded man kind of berating someone in the back.  They had not made our pizza, the guy didn't see the ticket or something.  And we waited.  Waited.  Nobody even came out to tell us they screwed up!  We waited for at least 20 minutes before they brought out the pizza.  He just handed it to me and said to have a good night.  My comment to him was that an apology would have been appropriate.  He looked at me like I was crazy.  He did not seem to understand that making a customer wait for their screw-up was not good business.Onto last night... I didn't want to give them our business again, but we had a GROUPON we'd already paid for.  I called and placed the order.  They said 25 minutes.  My husband got there at 30 minutes because he didn't want to wait.  His plan backfired.  He had to wait.  He said something to the bald headed bearded guy and apparently my husband got the "you're crazy" look that I'd seen the week before.  Husband takes pizza home.  We open box.  HORROR!  Ok, maybe that a bit extreme, but it was gross.  There was a big black pile of burnt crap on the pizza (plus a smaller one just to fuck up more of the pie, I think.)  (I'll post pictures here of the pizza.)  I think it was burned cornmeal, but it was clearly burned onto the pizza.  This means someone took this out of the oven, looked at it, and thought it was good enough to give to a paying customer.  I'm not talking about a little bubble of burned cheese (which, imo, is delicious.)  This was truly unappetizing.  We were starving so each grabbed a piece from the unaffected area and off husband went back to Rosati's.  The bald headed bearded man offered to make a new pizza, but he never apologized.  My husband was offended at the offer because he'd have to wait another half an hour.  When he asked to talk to the manager, the bald headed bearded man said HE was the manager (doubtful, not many business owners will treat a customer who comes to their establishment most every week this way.)   I guess this is the point my husband lost his cool and swore at the guy and  advised other waiting customers to not solicit this business.  Real shame.  I grew up in the Chicago area.  My first job was at Rosati's.  I've been eating there for 42 years.  Rosati's of Mesa won't get my familys business anymore. When I have a real hankering, I know the one on Shea in Scottsdale is top notch.
4	Not sure why others have had such bad experiences here. This is one of the best pizzas in Arizona. It costs more than the national chains but it is so much better. I love their deep dish sausage pizza. Amazing!
2	I paid $6.00 for an order of breaded mushrooms. There were 11 mushrooms when my order arrived. Total rip off and won't be repeating this mistake.
5	Seriously - 2 stars for Rosatis? IF you are not from Chicago, you may not LOVE this place, BUT 2 stars and to say that frozen pizza is better?  Please do us all a favor and take your mug outside and smack it with your left hand.I went here this past weekend, ordered 4 extra-large pizzas with various toppings (Saus/Pepp; Saus/Shroom; Saus/Pepp/Ham/Bacon).  All were coooked perfectly and were prepared as ordered.My order was ready in exactly 25 minutes as was quoted on the phone.  Also, I had a coupon for Rosatis and they accepted it with no questions.You can't go wrong with the stuffed or thin - but I usually opt for thin crust, sasuage, pepperoni and sometimes extra cheese.  Rosati's pizza, Pepsi (or Captn/Coke), and PS3 or Netflix and my Friday night is complete!
1	I purchased a Groupon for the Chandler location of Rosati's.  The Groupon fine print says "Valid only for location purchased"I tried to use it at the Rosati's at Germann and Alma School in Chandler.  Nope, they don't accept it there.  The gal at the counter told me to go to the Ray & McQueen location instead.  Then we went to the Rosati's at Ray & McQueen and proceeded to order our deep dish pizza (which had a soggy crust and barely had any toppings even though we paid extra for the monster pizza with extra toppings).  Afterwards we were informed that THIS location also does NOT accept Groupon.  They said "Try the one on Gilbert"NO THANKSI double checked the Groupon ad and it just specifies the city of chandler.  No where does it say which location I need to use the Groupon at.  Next time I'm just going to pick up the take'n'bake deep dish pizza from costco which not only costs less but has a wonderfully flakey crust and is lush with toppings.
1	Ordered delivery and was not happy. The chicken was burnt so badly. Salad was forgotten. Ranch was forgotten. Zucchini was frozen in the middle.
1	Please note we have been eating at this resturant for three years so this is the culmination of those three years. In the last six months the service and food has been slowly getting worse. Tonight was the last straw where for the third time in a row we got the wrong order and the food we got was vile. A dozen wings ordered-we got a pool so soggy breading/skin with dry chicken.Lasagna with meat sauce- we got spaghetti with sauce that came from a can.Caesar salad - we got frozen lettuce with a bag of stale croutons .At least 1/2 this meal went in the trash, and all this after the order was read back to me over the phone!!!  I was so angry I called to tell them I would never be back again and not one ounce of customer service was offered. This place needs to fade into history ..
