5	A great local bar! Finnigan's is a great place to grab a bite, drink and hang out. They are located right near PNC Park. Happy Hour is Monday through Friday 5 to 7pm. Not to mention Stan Savaran and Mike Logan from ESPN 1250am broadcast their Steelers Post Game show after every home Pittsburgh Steelers game LIVE from Finnigan's. You can even eat outside when the weather is nice. They offer 24 beers including: Draught Beers Domestics: Budweiser - Bud Light - Coors Light - Miller Lite - Yuengling Imports: Boddingtons - Harp - Guinness - Hoegaarden - Magic Hat # 9 Smithwicks - Stella Artois Bottled Beers Domestics: Budweiser - Bud Light - Coors Light - I.C. Light - Iron City Michelob Ultra - MGD - Miller Lite - Miller High Life - Rolling Rock Sam Adams - Sam Adams Light - Sam Adams Seasonal Smirnoff Ice - Yuengling - Yuenling Light Imports: Amstel Light - Bass - Blue Moon - Boddingtons - Corona Corona Light - Guinness - Harp - Heineken - Heineken Light Hoegaarden - Killians - Labatt Blue - Labatt Blue Light New Castle - Smithwicks - Stella Artois Finnigan's has great food as well including sliders, chili cheese fries, wings, pizza, tons of sandwiches, salads, burgers, quesadillas, sheppard's pie, beef & cabbage, chicken pot pie, fish & chips and much much more! My favorite thing they offer is the steak chipotle wrap! It is delicious! Juicy steak, blue cheese crumbles, corn salsa all wrap in a tomato basil wrap smothered in chipotle ranch sauce. Yummy! All in all Finnigan's is a great place!
2	We went there for the Steelers vs. Jets game. We anticipated that it would be packed, but it wasn't. While still busy, there was still a lot of room to move around. We met friends there so we didn't have to worry about finding a table. We ordered drinks which came out fast, ordered food which also came out fast. The pretzel buns were great!  These are the only reasons I gave it a 2 star and not a 1. Then the game started and it was so long server. We had a table of about 8 and not one of us could find our server. Every now and then we would see her at another table helping them but wouldn't make her way to our table. After waiting for about 45 min we went to the bar to order. The bartenders weren't all that pleased that we were ordering from them and not our server and told us she would send her over. This continued throughout the rest of the game, and we got service about once every 45-60 min. At half time we were craving something to snack on and decided on sweet potato fries. After waiting another 20 min to find the server we ordered. Having been a server for several years I know that fries take a maximum of 10 minutes to make. At the 4th quarter we still had no fries. We reminded our server thinking she may have forgotten. Then the game ended and we still had no fries. We gave up and asked for the check. When our server brought our check, she also brought with her the fries we had ordered well over 30 min ago. We sent them back and asked for her to take them off our bill as we were in the process of getting our coats on to leave. This bar might be fun to go drink a couple beers, but don't count on any kind of service. We won't be back.
3	Pretzel Buns? mmmm yes please! Get the Turkey Gouda Sandwich. It's awesome! Pizza? Holy Cheese Batman! Too much!Beer? Good selection.Games? Pool and Darts takes my vote!Service? The beers come quick but man is the service slow. Game day? This place is funny because if it is a game day they have a packed bar. Non game day? About 4 people at the place. (Service is still slow if you have a waitress)This place holds a place in my heart because it is where I consumed my first Guinness. :)
3	This is a nice northsore bar.  They have decent food.  I really like their veggie wrap and homemade chips.  The service ranges from spotty to surly at times, and is typically pretty slow (though not as slow as Atria's).  Pretty much, your server will do the bare minimum and then once you get your food, she's MIA until way past time to get your ticket.  But it's a good happy hour bar, if you're looking to unwind after a long day at work.  We stop in frequently after work and occasionally for lunch, and I'm never sorry.  Overall, given the northshore options, I would recommend.  A tip for the restaurant (other than getting new waitresses - seriously.  have you been reading these comments?  your wait staff is horrid) -- the northshore workers see your chalkboard coming out of the parking garage elevators every morning.  And every day, that chalkboard has the lunch special from the day BEFORE.  If you start writing up your chalk board the night before, you could try and entice businesspeople to check out your specials that day.  I always shake my head at that missed opportunity - it would save me having to call in and check on the specials too.
1	We stopped here for a simple beer before a baseball game.  They have a good selection of beer on draft but they all tasted wrong and a bit warm.  After 2 other beers coming out tasting like dirty socks I decided to get the safest choice... A bud light.  Even this was disgusting.  It tasted like they somehow added butter and Carmel to it.  Avoid this place or if you must go get your beer in a bottle.
1	Don't bother. Literally the worst service I have EVER experienced on the planet. How do you have 4 people working in the ENTIRE restaurant on the morning of a sold out baseball game that afternoon? Unreal. Words cannot describe it. It was as if we weren't even there, and the place wasn't even that busy. Guess that should have been a clue. Don't waste your time or money here.
3	Stopped in around noon on Saturday, we were the only ones in the place.  Bartender was attentive and somewhat talkative.  Can't really say much more.  Price was about right and beer selection was great for the location.
1	Worse service ever! My husband and I  went to the restaurant several hours before game time at PNC Park. We easily found a seat but waited 10 minutes to get a menu. After placing our order we waited 50 minutes just to get a simple sandwich. During the hour wait we got one drink and were only asked one other time if we wanted another.  When my sandwich finally arrived it was not as ordered. We certainly didn't want to wait another 50 minutes so I accepted it but complained. We were offered no compensation for the wait or the messed up order. We will not be going back; there are plenty of other options in the area.
2	We were in Pittsburgh for the weekend and friends took us to Finnegan's Wake. It's your typical sports bar near the Pirates stadium. The food is your common bar food and not that great. The bartenders are nice, but the entire place smelled like last night's vomit. It was pretty dead as well, which is to be expected since it's the baseball offseason. Maybe this place is more fun during the spring/summer but i probably wouldn't go back to check it out
