5	Swanky nail salon .... great nails ... professional ... clean ... friendly ... English-speaking :-)Manicures, pedicures, fills, gels, acrylics, glitters, designs, and most every other type of nail service you could imagine (ie, minx, gel-ish, etc.).  Very creative nail professionals that are up-to-date on the trends as well as the basics.Lynn:Tues-Fri 702-218-2841 Dawn: Sat-Sun 702-756-6424...
5	Great nail salon!! Lynn you are amazing!
5	Lynn does amazing things with nail art!
5	Lynn is the best in Vegas. So glad I found her. was in Vegas about 1 month before I found her.  Longest month ever.  Been with her for about over a year now.
5	The space is cute and super clean. Lynn is fantastic.
5	If you want THE BEST in gel, glitter. etc...Look no further.  I've been a client of Lynn's since she first moved to Vegas and she is AWESOME.  You are not only paying for the "designs/glitter", you're also paying for QUALITY.  In other words, you get what you pay for.  Although I'm in "starving student" mode right now, I'll be back Lynn. =)  Dawn is great too (never had work done but she is awesome)...
5	I found Lynn through Yelp a few months back and decided to book her because of the positive reviews and the convenience to my house.  I had no idea that I was about to develop an addiction to great nails!Lynn and Dawn @ LUNL are true professionals.  They specialize creative gel nail designs for both fingers and toes.  They also offer traditional polish.  LUNL has gorgeous glitters and Lynn is consistently creating brand new glitter blends and ideas to dress up your nails.  I visit Lynn for my gel nails every 2 weeks.  Since I've been a customer I have received constant compliments on Lynn's glitters and nail artistry.  Yesterday I visited Dawn for the first time for a pedicure.  She used a peppermint foot mask as part of the pedi that gave my feet a happy tingle for hours after I left the salon.They always try to have fresh new movies or fun shows for you to watch while you get your mani or pedi.  On my first visit, I was a little confused on how to find LUNL in Studio Salons.  Studio Salon suites is located on the 2nd floor between Hooters and Grimaldi's on S. Rainbow.  Once you get upstairs, just go straight to the end of the hall and LUNL will be the first door to the right.  If you get confused, just give them a call.
5	Worth the 30 min drive Lynn is professional and talented and she is also a very sweet person who cares about her clients
5	I went to Dawn on Sunday so I could get my toes done before Valentine's day and it was one of the best experiences ever!  She was ready for me when I got there so all I had to do was sit down and relax.  She was very nice and thorough, everything was super clean and my toes turned out perfect!  To top it off, it's only a 10 min drive from my house, so I think I've found my new nail salon.  =)  Thanks Dawn!
5	I've been getting my nails done by Lynn for about 4 months now and I couldn't be happier! I've only been in Vegas 5 months. I tried a couple of other places my first month here and just wasn't happy with the service or outcome of my nails. Lynn however, does a fantastic job! She has a nice selection of gel colors and tons of gorgeous glitters to choose from. Her work area is super cute and clean, not to mention high tech.. She ran my credit card on her iPad and sent my receipt via text. Talk about cool!! :)
5	I was looking for a new nail place, since I was getting bored with the colors at my regular nail shop. I checked Yelp, of course, and I found this awesome place. I made an appointment with Dawn and she was able to squeeze me in the same day I called. Yay! I was very pleased with Dawn's work! There were so many colors to choose from and that was exactly what I was looking for. I definitely plan on going back to see her very soon.
5	I made my appt based on all the amazing reviews that Lynn got and I have to say she lived up to those reviews!!!! Was an awesome experience and well worth the little extra it cost to get complete gel fill!!! She is so personable and easy to talk to.....felt like hanging out with an old friend....minus the cocktails!!! I would highly recommend her to anyone in the area!!! She rocks and her service can't be beat!!!!!!! Will definately be a long time return customer!!!Michelle.....new Vegas resident
5	Dawn is great!  Got my nails done before my Hawaii trip!Gonna celebrate the New Year with my awesome copper glittered nails!!!
5	Love my glitter nails (and toes) - - get compliments constantly!  Never chip or break.  Never worry about cleanliness or getting cuts ... absolutely perfect every time.
2	After reading several reviews, I decided to go here for a pedicure. Needless to say, I wasn't impressed. I was expecting the usual massage chair and jet foot bath. Not here. They fill up a small tub and stick your feet in it while you're sitting in a make-shift pedicure chair. The "lounge" is not a lounge what so ever. It's a tiny, closet sized room. It's only you and the person doing your nails in the room at one time. And it's a good thing because you couldn't fit another person in there!The place was very clean and professional looking and I greatly enjoyed the nail technician and the conversation we had. But for the price, you can go somewhere else and get a much better pedicure...
5	My wife called and made an appointment for Sunday morning to get a pedicure afte we arrived. She left saying she loved this place. She loved her nails and how she was treated. A small one person outfit so i would think you need an appointment. Well worth the drive if you are here on vacation. Priced reasonable, great quality, you can't get much better than this.
5	I went this morning because there was a sign hanging that said under new management and they were offering free paraffin dips if you got a gel manicure. That's what I was getting so I figured why not give it a try?  I'm glad I did!  I had Jenny do my manicure and she was such a perfectionist!  She went through each step focusing on making my manicure last as long as possible. That's exactly what I was looking for.  The place was clean, staff was friendly, and they offer a rewards program for customers. Why not get a freebie once in a while??  Loved it!!  I will definitely be back!
5	Lynn is absolutely the best nail girl ever. She's so extremely professional yet personable and you definitely get great service. I've only had a couple manicures and/or acrylics in my life for special occasions but now I drive my 80 year-old mother and myself 50 miles round trip just for Lynn and her fabulous "gels." Thank you to my wonderful daughter, Bayley, for sending me here. Amazing work! Amazing Lynn.
5	I love LynnI finally found someone who knows how to do the nails exactly the way I like them its always an entertaining hour and I consider her a friend
4	The Lacquered Up Nail Lounge is wonderful!! New to town, I took to reviewing YELP as I am pretty picky about getting my nails done.  Lynn is the BEST, nails are done to perfection and all the while, chatting or watching quirky movies that she has playing. Lynn has also referred me to other professionals in which I've had great experiences.  Make Lynn your new "nail professional", I did ;-).
5	Lynn is amazing. My gels last for weeks and weeks. I always my money's worth out of them. She always has the most vibrant colors whether it be plain, simple colors or her super fun, blended glitters. The salon as well as her space are clean, comfortable and professional. She always has a fun movie playing. The perfect nail girl to relax, get pampered and look your best. I would highly recommend her any day. In fact my daughter also fell in love.
5	I've been a client of Lynn's for over ten years now. She's become a friend as well. I've had my nails done elsewhere on 2 occasions because financially they fit my budget at the time. NEVER AGAIN. Lynn aka "Yin" lol,  is THE BEST. I love the little salon because my appointments consist of just me and Lynn. We have conversations and nobody is in our business.  The Studio Salons concept is wonderful. As for Lynn's work, she takes her time and listens to your requests and actually does what you ask. If it can be done, she will do it. I always leave my appointments happy and beautiful.
5	Lynn is awesome! Very personable. I enjoyed meeting her. I got a gel pedi and gel mani from her. She did a great job. Absolutely loved my nails and received lots of compliments. Will be seeing her again soon!
5	This is a tiny (one client at a time) room in a larger studio full of tiny rooms (with each room being a different business). Definitely a strange and new setup to me.How much you like this place is going to depend on your nail objectives. If you're looking to relax and chat with friends and stick your feet in a bowl, you're not going to hate this. If you're looking to have pretty, very durable nails that last, you're going to love this.Lynn is great. Friendly and good at what she does. And she likes to play fun movies in the background, which is enjoyable. And you can text to setup appointments. That is a huge plus for me.This has become my regular nail place.
