1	Now I love a great sub sandwich and Jersey Mike's makes a pretty good sandwich but unfortunately I have to say I will never go to this location ever again. The service was horrible every single time I went. It didn't matter if they were busy or slow, although I don't think I ever saw more than 5 people in the restaurant at any one time. I went early into lunch time, late near the end of the lunch rush and later in the evening and every time I was practically ignored while the staff talked to each other complained about having to work a day after a holiday and other staff members. On a couple of occasions an employee would come out from the back, where they hide until a customer comes in, and they would walk to the register and stand there staring off into space. Never making eye contact. Apparently they are not trained in making sandwiches or using the slicer but a hello, someone will be right with you would have been greatly appreciated. Then the sandwich maker would make their way out, they'd chat with the register guy and take their time washing their hands (much appreciated) and putting on their gloves. Eventually they shuffle their way to their position and ask me what I would like. They have on almost every visit, stopped in the middle of making my sandwich to discuss whatever is on their mind with their co-workers. Standing their with half of the turkey for my sandwich in their hand. There is never anyone who remotely acts like a manager around. Maybe they are hiding in that special room in the back. This last (and final) visit there were two other people in line when I came in. the staff was chit chatting and ignoring every customer. Eventually they asked the first customer what he wanted. Then proceeded to ask each of us quickly what we wanted and started making sandwiches. Instead of taking care of each customer as they came in they lumped us all together and made me feel like we were bothering them. When I finally got to the register guy he took his sweet time, presents with me a receipt that has a spot for a tip (really??) and then made an exaggerated effort to read what was written on my shirt making me more than a little uncomfortable and then proceeded to argue with me whether Yoga was jut like going to a gym. I really wanted to throw my sandwich at him. So to sum it up, Jersey Mike's good sandwiches! Terrible service at this location and I will NEVER go back. Sadly this one location has turned me off of the brand.
4	I am a huge fan of this location and the menu. The manager is often in the store and the one time I brought a friend and she did not like her sub, her remade it for her on the spot and she said it was fabulous. They handle big crowds easily, the space is clean and well thought out, the bread and meat is always fresh -- never that chipped, pressed stuff you get at like a Firehouse subs. I have had both hot and cold sandwiches and they do both fabulously. And I love the seasoning that is included when you order "Mike's Way" -- it is not something I would think I would love, but it is awesome on cold subs. On your first visit they give you a free cookie, which makes kids so happy! I think by keeping the menu classic and simple, they keep the quality high. Two things I do wish would change: I am not a fan of Pepsi, so I wish they would get new drinks and I think their chip selection is sort of odd, but I rarely order them, so that is a good thing.
3	Average. The one on Chandler seemed much better.
4	Jersey Mike's, in general, is pretty decent for a regular sandwich place. This is my irate trip to this location for lunch an it's busy. I mean, pretty busy. So, no issues with the chain. One thing I did learn is that they will make ANY of the subs hot!!! What??!?!? Nice.
2	Was in this shopping center for another reason and was hungry, so I decided to stop in Jersey Mike's.  I've been in this one before, but it's been probably a year.  First, the sandwich was fine.  Very expensive, though. $8.05 (including tax) for a regular sized sandwich.  If that was the only problem, 3 stars.  However, there were two things about the experience I didn't like at all.  The first was the machine (which looked new) used to swipe my debit card.  Before you can swipe, a screen pops up with pre-calculated tip amounts on it (10%, 15%, and 20%) and a small button off by itself reading "no tip".  How obnoxious.  Why would I want to tip someone who spent 2 minutes making a sandwich for me and other than me telling him what sandwich I wanted, had nothing else to say?  No, I'll save my 20% tips for my sit down restaurants and wait staff that actually talk to me, served me my food and refilled my water.  Sorry, asking for a tip on my debit card screen for making my sandwich was obnoxious.Second, the woman who rung me up was unfriendly and blurted out the instructions so fast for paging through the two stupid screens before I could swipe my card that I couldn't understand a word she said. So, I asked her to repeat herself, and once again, she very quickly (like a rehearsed script) did it again - and faced away from me while doing so.  She seemed like she couldn't wait to get me out of there so she could go on break.Anyway, there are far better choices all over the Chandler area for sandwiches (Planet Sub, Jimmy Johns, Firehouse, Which Wich to name a few).  Next time, I'll just drive the extra mile or two and go to one of these places.
5	Love, love, love Jersey Mike's subs. I would love to say that I've had a variety of their sandwiches, but I always have to go with the Original Italian - Mike's Way with mayo. Red pepper relish on the side.  The people that work at this location are very friendly as well. Yummmmm sandwiches :)
5	Good quality food at an ok price. I don't come here too often simply because of the price but when I'm ready to spoil myself I come here. Love their bread and quality of food
5	What great service, the two guys working were so nice and happy, great energy, would definitely come again especially if those two were working , I'm sorry now I didn't get their names
5	Always fast and friendly staff. Bread is always fresh and the meats and cheeses are excellent quality. 100 times betrer than Subway. Clean location to dine in if you choose.  Join their sub club to earn free sandwiches.
5	Went here for lunch this week with my daughter. Staff were friendly. Food was good quality. Bright and cleanReally pleasantly surprised. Definitely go here. Again
