4	Food & service 5 stars. Ambiance is More a club ambiance even in the dining room. Not enough privacy, but overall excellent!
3	Our server was wonderful. Food was on the pricey side, but decent. I also enjoyed the fact that, without asking, I received a side of mayo for my fries.Went with the chicken sandwich. Arugula was not the best choice of greens for the sandwich, and the mango mayo they claimed was on the sandwich was nowhere to be found.
3	20,000 square feet of cavernous warehouse space dotted with red lights suggests this place totally devoid of character, until you see the patrons - strippers and guys with tribal sleeve tattoos and Tapout shirts that make you think you're stuck in Vegas circa 2005. The waitstaff are friendly but the food is totally hit or miss. The sliders were dry and rubbery, but the shrimp salad was excellent. The burger seemed OK, but the ribs looked like a lump of loose stool. Overall, not much else  to say. This place is part of a suburban strip-mall-complex designed to jam as many people in and feed their gaping maws as they watch hockey games and listen to J. Lo and Pitbull at full volume. As a dining experience, total crap. If you live in Laval and just want to relax and have a burger, it's perfectly fine.
3	If anyone has been to Earls out west or Moxies then this is definitely a "Quebec version".  Mostly all young attractive women wearing some kind of "business sexy" black outfits in heels and mostly men 40's + crowd as patrons.  It was business lunch so I ordered a Thai Chicken salad which was very nice!  The person I was with ordered a Red tuna salad.  His came out with a nice huge piece of Tuna.  The catch was his salad was $24 and mine was $18.  Bill was a healthy $60 as my friend ordered a few beers.  Food was okay- good but pricey especially for lunch!
3	Went here two times while I was in the area. Food was good to average depending on who you would have asked in my group, service could vary depending on your server. Sat out on the patio the first time and our server Erica was very helpful &  very friendly since we didn't speak french. the second time we went in and sat at the bar, the bartender didn't speak more than a few words of english and really didn't help us that much, couldn't even order an ice t from her & there were bar backs that could speak english that cold have helped her.On the plus side, the waitresses here are very attractive, and so are the female customers that are all around, so sit out on the patio if it's nice & enjoy the scenery even if you can't order what you want.
2	Giving it two stars for our server, who was super efficient, and for their creative menu. But for the price I paid, I could have experienced better. I started out with the calamari. They were okay - kind of bland and too greasy for my taste, but they were calamari and I firmly believe there is no such thing as bad calamari. As my main dish, I had the Bison Burger with a side of sweet potato fries. I was really, irrationally excited for this burger. It sounded so deliciously amazing on the menu, but when I got it, I was underwhelmed. Maybe I built it up too much in my mind? Either way, I found it to be super tasteless, bland. It was almost like the meat overpowered all the other flavours - but seeing as the meat lacked flavour too, you were kind of just chewing textures.At the end of the night, my bill came out to almost $40 and I was left full, but unsatisfied. I've had much better for much cheaper, and for what I paid I expected better.
