5	As far as inexpensive, clean, charming, sit down restaurants, it's unbeatable. Clean (I don't taste yesterday's oil, which shouldn't be a standard, but that's average Asian cuisine for you), fresh food, and hell-a delicious also. From the red curry to the spicy coconut milk soup, the cucumber salad to the pad thai, this place is gold. AWESOME WAITERS, friendly, unpretentious and on the ball. I go on average once a week now.
5	REALLY great value! I have tried a lot of their dishes, and have never been disapointed. Always fresh and always tasty.They sometimes have lobster. Have you ever had lobster in thai curry sauce? AMAZING!!! I just love this little restaurant!
1	Before their expansion this restaurant was a pretty safe bet, however, tonight went back post expansion and was sorely disappointed. It seems that although they have physically grown, they have definitely not prepared for the increase in traffic. Tonight we waited 50 minutes for our food. We asked the waitress what was going on and she told us it was busy. However, there were several patrons around us who had arrived after us eating their main courses while we were still waiting for our appetizer! Took another 30 min and two asks to get our cheque. No apology either!Will not return again.
3	I've wanted to try this restaurant for some time now as it is just a few blocks away from my place and I hear great things.  I can tell it has recently been renovated, not sure if it is complete or not.  It does not feel complete, sort of just feels open and temporary...hopefully they do a little more because I think it has a ton of potential to be a cool and classy spot to eat at.As far as the food, it was very good tasting.;  Much better quality than I expected, fresh and clean tasting.  I had the basil beef dish as a main and it was great.  The green curry chicken wasn't too bad either and the spring rolls were obviously just made as we ordered.  I also had crispy duck as an appetizer and it was very good as well.Service, however, was a little lacking.  There seemed to be enough staff but they were very slow.  In fact one of our appetizers was cold, and I'm pretty sure it was meant to be hot!All in all pretty good.  The bill was only about $85 or so for two including a bottle of wine so I really can't complain!I would go back for sure after I try a few other spots in the area that I have been procrastinating on!
4	We were visiting a friend nearby, so we popped in for a quick dinner before...I never go to monkland village, but the neighborhood is quite lively.At first, looking at the menu, it seems quite unremarkable, it seems to be Thai food with a twist, some ingredients added, some omitted, or presented in a different way.I guess we can call it neo Thai. Eventhough it's not pure thai, I found the taste of the dishes to be good, it was well balanced with salty, sweet and spicy.We had papaya salad, thom kha soup, pad thai, and stir fry chicken chow mein, and spring rolls.When I looked at the salad there was no dried shrimp in it (fresh shrimp instead), but it tasted fine, it was well made and I'm not sure i missed the shrimps... also the carrots and papaya were shredded very thin so it made it easy to eat and light.The spring rolls were fine, (mine are better :P but I'm not selling hihi). The pad thai was good, a bit on the sweet side but a splash of lime fixed that. The soup again had some weird ingredients like brocoli but heh it tasted fine, tangy with sweet smell of coconut milk yummy...All in all, it was a good find, and very tasty!!!Khap khun krab, sawaddee!!!
4	I'm a big fan of their Pad Thai! You can choose how spicy you want it which is great for those who like it mild, and those who like it hot! (me, I like it hot)
3	Bangkok Express was one of the first restaurants suggested to me in the Monkland area--and even though I've seen it have some pretty stellar reviews--I honestly think it's a bit overrated.The first impression that I had with the restaurant is that, for the price point of the menu, they've definitely seated way too many people in the dining room. Chairs approach the front door and it's just a little bit too loud.As an entree, I ordered the Peanut Butter Dumplings for my friend and I to share. The dumplings are wonton soup-style wontons covered in a watery peanut butter sauce. They we're definitely edible but definitely not stellar. Peanut butter is usually a safe bet too...I had the Garlic Shrimp. The vegetables and shrimp tasted fresh, but the dish itself wasn't more than the sum of its parts.I ordered a lychee slushie too; probably the best part of my meal. This place would be great if the bill didn't make me feel like I overpaid. There is nothing wrong with running a noodle shop but I want to pay a fair price too.
