2	Not that Best Buy looks at this, but I'm completely disappointed that Best Buy did not want my money today...There was a promotion for a $50 gift card when purchasing a PS3 and Amazon matched it. So, let me break it down:Amazon PS3: $296 + free 2 day shipping + $50 creditBest Buy PS3: $299 + tax + $50 creditI had a 10% off coupon and asked if I could use that and get the promotion. I even mentioned that Amazon had already matched the deal with no tax and free shipping. The response I got was: "No." Really? Not only did they lose my sale right now ($300 may not be much but it's something), they lost my future sale when I would have returned with the gift card. Store policies are meant to be guidelines...they are not there to hinder any sales, especially when a competitor is out to snatch those lost sales right up.
3	I came in to Best Buys a few times before Christmas and was shocked at the reduced size of their DVD section. Now mind you, I shouldn't be that surprised since I buy music and some videos online these days. But, I use to enjoy visiting their long 5 or 6 rows of movies that are now squeezed into the former music section. Wow! That was a shocker for me. From what I could tell, the cameras and PS3/ X-Box sections were the main beneficiaries at DVDs expense. The other shocker was the prices for most items. In a few exceptions, I found I didn't see many bargains -- that is the prices I've seen advertised online and elsewhere were as good, if not better than Best Buy! Again, WOW. I had always viewed Best Buy as the low price leader, not anymore! Now, even Walmart has gotten into the act. So, I was left to wonder if the demise of Circuit City was viewed as an opportunity by Best Buy management to boost prices? If it was, then I believe management may have made a huge miscalculation.. Why buy a HDMI cable and plug for over $35 at Best Buy, when you can shop elsewhere and find it for just $10. Sorry, what am I missing? Guys (and Gals), you need to wake up and smell the coffee, because if you don't then next year you may be an 1 Star after thought. Sorry!
1	Terrible customer service. Lazy staff. Don't waste your time going here. 90th and Shea store is a little more helpful but staff isn't very knowledgeable on their product line. You're probably better off shopping online and doing it all on your own. In store pick up is at least convenient.
3	I needed to buy a cable modem, so I dropped in to pick one up.  It was really easy to find what I was looking for and an employee helped explain the difference between the various models.  I opted for the basic one.....it was $10 cheaper than what Cox wanted to charge for theirs....score!Overall, a nice shopping experience.  Will definitely be back.Return Factor - 80%
3	Large selection and decent prices.  Only game in town now that Circuit City is closed.  Not a fan of the extended warranty/service contract they always push.
2	I really thought I could trust Best Buy on honest answers to my tech questions. Sorry to say that the employees don't know what they're talking about! I felt like they told me everything I WANTED to hear, not the facts. It was pretty obvious that the guy was making up all the crap he told me. I asked if the editing software on my about-to-be camera worked on my type of computer and he said yes. I got home and the camera software didn't work...now I have nothing to edit pics and vids with. I would not recommend to a friend :(
3	Just went there to price compare on some laptops and surround sound speakers and the two items advertised to be on sale that week were not on display. The store is in a disarray from their remodeling. The two clerks were knowledgeable and helpful in locating the product I was interested in. I am not sure if I like the new store layout.
1	If your business model relies heavily on newly-minted, post-pubescent teens to sell electronic gadgets to consumers whose lot in life has been made miserable by THEIR OWN newly-minted, post-pubescent teens, something is seriously amiss with your business model.Hey Best Buy, major news flash....I don't listen to my wife half the time...do you really think I'm going to listen to some pimply-faced puke telling me why my hard drive crashed?I already know why my hard drive crashed and bad fan motor it was not. It was someone who walks, talks, and has the same complexion as one of your 'associates', who resides with us and instead of looking for a job, spends his days hooking-up the family computer up with internet STD's he got from porn sites.I'd rather you go all Costco on me with no-one in the aisles instead of having these dolts, (in large numbers)  lecturing me on how to close all my programs, turning the computer off nightly so the fan doesn't burn out again. Seriously?When you train these idiots to stay the fuck out of my way upon entering the store, I'll come back.Until then...I'm out.
2	I stopped here on lunch break to purchase a specific dvd player I had saw online for a buddy.  I asked a couple staff members who were standing around talking where the DVD player section was located and got an odd look and they just pointed.  I get I may have not been a huge sale, but I can't stand when an employee seems put out when being asked to do their job.
4	If you are buying a TV please go see a young guy named Frank. I went in to look for a new TV for my bedroom. I know ZERO about tvs. 1080dp, LCD, LED vs. plasma? WHAT??? Frank is so knowledgable and hands on. He broke it down for me and now I feel like I can explain it to someone else! I left with my knowlege in hand, went home did my own research and I'm actually going back on Sunday to pick up one of the Samsungs that Frank suggested.
5	Most business reviews tend to be from disgruntled customers. Shoppers with good experiences often do not post a review. So I thought I would share my recent experiences with this Best Buy.  I can't speak for other stores, but I've purchased multiple computers from this store and have never been disappointed with sales people or Geek Squad service.  Last month I bought another laptop only to discover that I didn't like the keyboard after a few weeks of use.  Best Buy accepted its return with no hassle.  I bought a second laptop, but after a few weeks, the touchpad began to intermittently malfunction.  The Geek Squad gave me some tips to try, but the dysfunction continued.  I brought it in and they immediately offered to exchange out the computer for a newer model and gave me back $21!  This is why I will not buy from other brick & mortor stores (had a very bad experience with repairs at Fry's electronics in Tempe) and with mail order companies (repairs take forever due to shipping times). Bite the bullet, pay the sales tax, and shop here.
2	When I visited Scottsdale, the worst thing that could of happened to a Yelper happened to me. My loyal Yelping companion, the Samsung Fascinate was dying. Without warning I had to find a new Yelping companion. Best Buy was nearby.  I am giving this Best Buy 2 stars because for smart phones Best Buy seems to be Worst Buy. This is a change from the Best Buy of nearly 2 years past, where smart phones were a good deal. Now back in Las Vegas, here are some comparisons I have made between Best Buy and Walmart. The Galaxy III is $148 at Walmart and $200 at Best Buy. The Motorola Droid X is $79 at Walmart and $148 at Best Buy. Buying the phone is $100 cheaper at Walmart. Screen protectors are approximately $8 at Walmart where they are approximately $20 at Best Buy. Best Buy is not the best buy.  As far as purchasing the phone, sales Associate Michael was friendly. He did not overdo it with the Best Buy card. There was sufficient sales help on the floor. Best Buy could also improve the smart phone shopping experience with demos.   I give Best Buy an additional star for their 14 day warranty program. Believe me I will be using it when I exchange my new Yelping companion for one at Walmart pricing. Stay tuned for a future Best Buy review.
2	...I don't know why I subject myself to Best Buy, I really don't.  Overpriced, meager selection, and quite possibly the least motivated employees ever I went here to use up a gift certificate that was about to expire and although I can't complain too much about prices since "free is free" the fact that I had to wait in line for twenty minutes listening to pop-Christmas overhead was enough 'cost'  to make it seem like it wasn't worth it.
1	Horrible service I purchased an I Phone 5 at this best buy and was Harassed to buy there cell phone insurance. I told them that I typically get the insurance through the carrier. They said the carriers insurance was garbage and that there insurance covers everything broken, lost , stolen, dropped in water ect. so they talked me into it they said if any problems come in the store and they will give you a brand new phone with a $0 deductible. 3 weeks later my phone was stolen no where to be found I went in to the best buy store they said it does not cover theft I told them that is not what I was told. I asked for the cell phone mgr of course he was not there. So I called him the next day and he was saying the same thing we spoke for about 30 minutes regarding the matter he said he was going to talk to the employee who sold me the phone and his boss than call me back. Never got a call back from anyone. This is a scam do not buy there insurance con artist
1	Having been serviced here many times, I have reached a point of overall extreme dissatisfaction. Although some of my visits have been pleasant, the majority have been time wasted.I purchased an iPhone with an extended Best Buy warranty so that the phone may be repaired or replaced as needed within a 2 year period. Unfortunately, the replacements they have provided me with are crappy refurbished phones that don't last because they are DEFECTIVE. THREE times I've had a refurbished phone that needed to be replaced within a month, and about 10 phones exchanged in total over the course of nearly 2 years. That's LUDICROUS! Where's their quality control? To make matters worse, each time the phone needs to be replaced, I am provided with a Galaxy in which I have NO IDEA HOW TO USE. Don't offer a warranty with loaner phones if you can't loan the same phone in which the customer knows how to use.  FURTHERMORE, each time I have to have my phone replaced, I have to back it up at home and then stand in line for up to 30 minutes to both drop off the phone and then another 30 minutes to pick up the new one. TIME IS MONEY!!! I have a business that makes it difficult for me to leave and can't be spending my days standing in line to replace a product that shouldn't even need replacement if provided with good quality.LASTLY, seeing as I have experience at exchanging MANY defective phones that served as my "LIKE NEW APPLE CERTIFIED IPHONE", you'd think I know what I'm doing by now when I walk in. Apparently not. As of a few days ago, they changed the line I'm supposed to wait in and didn't inform me of that until I had stood in that line for 20 minutes and watched the other line I was "supposed" to be in grow longer. How come there wasn't a sign or someone telling me there had been a change of lines? I was there 1 week ago to pick up ANOTHER refurbished phone and now I'm revisiting them for ANOTHER phone and told I'm in the wrong line literally 1 week later.Glad I spent my lunch hour in the wrong line that was the correct line last week. UNBELIEVABLE. I'm now back at work with a defective phone they gave me last week that won't even power on and I have no new phone on the way. I was told to come back when I have more time. I don't have time for bad service Best Buy... moving forward I will spend my time and money with another company that better knows how to deliver quality refurbished phones and uphold excellent customer service.
1	I had a virus on my computer.  I went into Best Buy off Frank Lloyd Wright and 101 for help.  The sales person recommended Kaspersky Anti-Virus.  I purchased the $40 product.  Once home I could not install the anti-virus and had to purchase a different anti-virus program that did work.  I went to return the software (their word for it) and the would NOT return my money because I opened it.  So let me be clear--- a product their staff recommended DID NOT work and I can't get a refund.  HORRIBLE HORRIBLE customer service.  I would have written a great review had the done the right thing but they didn't so I shall now tell everyone how horrible they treat their customers.
