5	I've been coming here for years, bringing them 3 of my cars so far. They are awesome people out there. I truly feel that they use good judgement, know what they're doing, honest people trying to run a  solid business. Their prices are very competitive, therefore they are using a healthy cost to ensure that it's quality service while not bankrupting either the customer or the business. So far I only know the two main counter guys but both are excellent employees. If it weren't for them I probably wouldn't be taking my vehicle there. Definitely recommended!
5	We have used Fletcher's for all of our auto service needs since we moved to Buckeye 7 years ago. They have always done excellent work and are very fair on their pricing. They have been very honest and helped us save money several times compared to other local places. Case in point, a few months ago we bought a used car and took it a few places to get estimates and determine what repairs were needed.........another local brake place (won't mention the name) gave us an estimate for almost $1900 for the repairs needed. We went over to Fletcher's and got the same work done for less than $1000. By the way, the $1900 estimate we received from their competitor was after we negotiated it down to that price, it was almost $2200 prior to that. Come to find out, 2 of the things on the list from their competitor were not even needed and were just added to pad the list of needed repairs. It is nice to know that we have a place we can trust and that will do great work at a great price.
1	Went in there the week of June 2nd, 2014 needing some professional advice on my boat trailer tires.  Asst Manager Jason was behind the counter talking on his bluetooth earpierce, didn't greet me although I was the only one in the lobby.  He finally asked, "What do you need?"  Hmm....  asked him to give me his opinion on my boat trailer and he just walked out.  So I guess I needed to follow him.  He gets out there and in 30 seconds says I need 4 tires, no explanation.  He then says something rude about not knowing dry rot (I'm not a tire guy pal) and I told him to go take a hike.  Went to Discount Tire 1/4 mile away, was 3rd in line and greeted professionally, even offered water.  Lobby was packed yet they took great care explaining my tire situation.  I went to the office and sent a formal corporate complaint and not surprisingly, nobody at Corporate has bothered to follow up.
1	Not at all happy with the quality of service received here. Had my tires balanced wheels aligned. Afterwards the car shook and the steering wheel was crooked. Paid another shop to fix and both were out of spec.
1	4 months later... after two messages to Corporate, no return phone call.  Fletchers Corporate doesn't even care.  Sad.
