5	Such a cute second-hand store for an older audience. However, I was able to find a great selection of classic/vintage handbags in mint conditions, not to mention most are name brands. Today's promotion was 25% off anything. Everything's organized and did I mention that the nice sister duo really adds an extra boost of charm to this store. They were very genuine, nice, and helpful.How the store works is that you can sell an item for 90 days, client can get 40% of item consigned, store gets 60%. After 90 days, the item will go to the clearance corner of $5 to &10. I found a really cute vintage snake skin clutch that's made in Italy, can't wait to use it!
5	I was looking for a place to consign some great stuff, and happened upon Lexi and Celebrity Encore. I couldn't be happier with Lexi and how easy it was to do business with Celebrity Encore. They have awesome items in their shop, and prices are absolutely fair for both the consignee and the buyer.I recommend highly!!
4	Pleasant shop.  Good stuff and some junk too. Got great deal on a dress and cute skirt.  Its a treasure hunt.
5	Wow Barbara H. something tells me you have an attitude everywhere you go and you probably torture people who work in retail because you think they are beneath you? You must have tons of time on your hands to write so much BS about complete strangers and trash their business ... shame on you.  You get what you give when it comes to interactions with people for the most part.Carol & Lexi are two of the hardest working, patient professionals I every met.  I used to own a boutique as well so I know what it takes to deal with the public.  Celebrity Encore carries price points for everyone's budget, and like every consignment boutique ... it takes time to find the gems ... but isn't that the rush we all aspire to feel when shopping?My mother recently passed and I happened along Celebrity Encore one day when I needed air.  Carol & Lexi patiently went through hundreds of items, and they were very honest about what would and would not sell.  Carol & Lexi treated my sister and I will respect at all times, and even cried with us sharing stories about the lovely women who purchased  our mother's items.  You do not find that type of heart in most boutiques because the owners usually hire young pretty girls who care more about texting and being on facebook, than connecting with customers making memorable experiences.Carol & Lexi rock it ... any new people reading reviews for Celebrity Encore ... look how many are wonderful and how many are not.   The truth lies in the majority of the reviews.Stop in and find out how wonderful these ladies are for yourself!
