5	I bring my car and my girlfriend's vehicle here for oil changes and regular maintainance. My parents also bring their personal vehicles, as well as their trucks and vans for their business, to this shop. Good service and prices keep us coming back.
5	My car was running rough, leaking fluid and spewing smoke from the exhaust.  I thought this would be major, however they found the problem, corrected it and the charge was minimal.  I was astounded.  Very honest.  Will recommend to others.
5	This is the only place that my husband and I will bring our cars.  The service is fantastic, they offer the best pricing around and the guys are fantastic-I completely trust them.  We recommend Imports & American Auto Service to everyone we know.
5	The best mechanic in the state of Arizona. Honesty, integrity are the most valuable assets when fixing your car. I brought my car in and i had a lot of problems with my engine. He rebuilt my engine in a short period of time with a minimal cost and my car run smooth with no issues at all. I cant ask for more, best value for your money......
5	I always trust my bmw to Al and Jim at imports and american. They are honest, do a great job and are super accommodating! Love these guys! And love that they take good care of my baby.
5	I am so happy to have found this great mechanic.  He is so professional and honest. He diagnosed my car's problem, installed the correct part and it's perfect.  Another time, I was having trouble with the accelerator sticking.  I feared the worst, but took it in.  He took care of the problem and didn't even charge me.  I referred my sister and he fixed her air conditioning for such a reasonable amount; she was thrilled.  I get my oil changes done here as well because I know I can trust them.
5	We have all of our vehicles repaired here!  I can't say enough about the honesty and integrity of the owner and all the mechanics at this establishment.  Every repair has been on point with no need to take the care back and with suggestions on how to avoid other costly repairs.  They are more than just a repair and maintenance shop, they give you quality advice on how to maintain your vehicle and get the most out of every mile!
5	I have been using this repair shop for going on 3 years now, I am one of those people who like to do my own repairs, unfortunately I am not real good at it!! Al is the only mechanic I have ever had the pleasure of doing business wit who has the patience and understanding to fix my screw ups,and also willl take the time to explain to me if I am on the right track and how to proceed to finish it. I have learned that this is the one place I can take my vehicle of which I have 4 of (krazy car fanatic that I am) and get the repair done right the first time at a very reasonable rate without the worry of B.S. charges. I have found their is nothing this shop can not do and it is nice to know that there are still places out there that you can take your auto and be treated with honesty and integrity and leave there with enough money to buy your next tank of gas. Thank You Guys great jobs well done!!!!!   James Miller    Mesa AZ  602-790-4026
