5	Ryan Hanlon is the Man-lon, FORREAL! Only contractor in the history of my lifetime to show up early, clean up after himself everywhere he went, and take the time to explain my options and the work he was doing.Priced medianly between the other electricians I called and met with (Roby Electric being the most expensive), Ryan quoted fair prices and offered to provide all the materials at cost OR send me a shopping list that I could take to Home Depot/Lowes. Being a DIY girl as much as possible, I took the list and made my merry way over to Home Depot on Wendover, where Ira the Electrician Guy told me that "this guy knew what he was doing" once he saw the complete list Ryan had emailed me.Arriving not a second past 9:30, Ryan took time to go over all the projects I wanted done in the home overall, and then started work on installing 4 outdoor outlets for my home. Along the way, there were some issues with my older home and the set up of the wiring, but he took the time to not only communicate what he was doing but also to educate me more on my home and the wiring of it (who knew I had a fuse box that was a fire hazard? go me!).Anyway, 6 hours later I had everything I'd requested and a few more things done by Ryan and I was already making plans for him to put in recessed kitchen lighting and change out a fan and chandelier. I can't say enough how impressed I was with him - I'm telling everyone I know! Definitely a contractor I'm going to keep on file for years to come (I know I'm rambling, but he was really that great!).
5	We just moved to the area, needed an electrician, found Ryan Hanlon on yelp.com, called him, he came over the same day and took care of us!!  Great!
5	My mom's house needed some electrical work done. When we called the electricians we had been using for the past 2 years, they made an appointment then never showed, called or returned any of our calls.I got a recommendation from a friend to try Ryan Hanlon and he was awesome. My mom called him at 2pm and he was at her house by 6pm the same day! Turns out an outside outlet had flipped the breaker on half of the inside outlets because the original electricians had wired it wrong. He fixed their mistakes and only charged my mom $100.Great find - highly recommend.
5	We just had some under cabinet lighting installed by Ryan Hanlon and I can't praise him enough.  We purchased the lighting and started calling around for quotes and almost thought the project was out of our price range when we heard how much people were charging for the installation.  I saw the positive reviews for Ryan Hanlon and gave him a call.  His quote was about 50% LESS than average so I was hoping this wasn't too good to be true.I was not disappointed!  He showed up exactly on time, did a first class job and cleaned up the area before leaving.  We couldn't be happier and now have an electrician for life!
5	I had an issue with a property I have under contract to sell. Ryan came out quickly and diagnosed the problem and repaired it in under an hour. Couldn't be happier! This is the best experience I've had with an electrician, and he was very reasonable on price. I definitely suggest him and will use him again.
1	I've decided that from now on when contractors either don't show up or don't return calls, I am writing a review.  Previously I have let it slide, but it happens way to often.  Based on reviews here on Yelp, I call Ryan for some help with about 4 electrical problem at my house that I did not feel comfortable doing myself.  I have yet to hear back from him.  I guess he has enough business that he doesn't need mine.
