5	Simply, The best donuts around
5	I became such a regular here  that once, upon ordering at the drive-thru window and discovering I had forgotten my wallet, the woman who works the window told me to just pay her the next time I came there (we visited every Saturday). Yes, the people who run the place are really that nice.
5	My darling husband was happy to go out in the cold on Sunday morning for a box of these tasty treats. When you think old fashion donuts (or sin on a plate) - Rainbow Donuts kicks dough-dough!
4	After tasting these donuts, I realized that not all Rainbow Donuts are created equal.These are the best I've had in the Valley.  Worth braving those early Sunday mornings to get my fix.
5	I'MOBSESSEDWITH THESEDONUTS.I want to shout it over rooftops! :) They are the best damn doughnuts that I have ever had in my entire life. Enough said.
5	Sooo good! The donuts are always incredibly fresh and delicious. My favorite is the Old Fashioned. Craggy, crispy outside, soft inside. Oh my goodness. These are among the best I've had. The coffee is pretty tasty, too, especially compared to what I expected. It's robust and flavorful. The staff is friendly and efficient and of course, who can beat the price of $5 or less for breakfast? Try it! You won't regret it.
5	I admit it I eat donuts almost everyday and twice on Sundays. Today a I found a new addiction, french crullers, uhhh they are soo good. Melt in your mouth.
5	I have read the reviews on this place a few times and driven by a few times. Unfortunately the diet/lifestyle i follow really limits as to when/what/where I can eat. Their hours don't really work with my weekly planned cheat meals and I refuse to get takeout and put it in my fridge and possible ruin a perfect *insert random food here.*Well Christmas morning I decided that today was the day that I was going to allow myself some room to grow ;)I woke up and hiked squaw peak.. drooling and thinking about the donut I was going to get afterward. I was smart enough to ensure they would be open. They were open Christmas day from 4am-2pm which is worthy of an extra star right there.I walked in and knew right away I had entered a happy place. The display cases were filled with amazing looking treats. I was literally SLAPPED in the face with that fresh baked donut smell.I picked out the following:glazed blueberry buttermilkglazed buttermilk old fashionmaple bar that had been sliced down the middle and filled with some of the richest whipped cream I have ever had.I cut them all into 3's and sadly had to discard the extra. There is a line between treating yourself and killing yourself.THEY WERE STILL WARM! they were amazing.. they, unlike most things that I drool over for months then finally get, lived up to what my brain expected.The girl behind the counter was so very nice. She put up with me asking what everything was and being very indecisive. After finding out that anything left over is trashed at the end of the day I had to ask what time they get there to make them fresh. I guess they have a bigger selection on weekends and the crew comes in at 10pm to open at 4am to give us these amazing treats. On the weekdays they get in at midnight.Next time you feel like treating yourself to a sugar rush this place is worth the visit. Always support the local guys when you can!I should have taken pictures and noted prices but I was so excited I couldn't help myself. I'll try and do better on my next review :)PS.. Please start making a blueberry buttermilk bar :)
5	No really - if this place goes anywhere Phoenix;  AZ for that matter will have lost something monumental.  I am not over exagerrating when I say, at the top of my voice.....THESE ARE THE BEST DAMN DONUTS YOU WILL EVERY EAT.  They are light and big, the long john with the cream down the middle is unlike anything you've tasted.  The cream isn't super disgusting sweet so it goes so well with the chocolate or maple frosting.  It is owned and operated daily by the same people.  You won't see anyone different every time you go there.  I have one drug.  Coffee.  Second drug every 2 months.  Rainbow Donuts on Cave Creek and Greenway, not all the same this is the best in the west.  Bar none.  Try it you'll see why.  Try not to cry when you go there.
3	Pros - Good donuts, gave me extra donutsCons - Closed before the time indicated in the store hours posting, employee/owner made me order from the drive through window, only had glazed donuts leftIt was really odd to have to walk up to the drive up window in order to buy donuts.  The only reason why I'd go back is because it's closer than the nearest Dunkin' Donuts.
5	First of all, I consider myself to be a donut aficianado, and would consider Dunkin Donuts chocolate glazed to be the penultimate donut around.With that being said, I still give Rainbow donuts 5 stars because the donuts, including the chocolate glazed, are fantastic and fresh.  They have an extensive selection and are sure to make everyone in your sugar-crazed party happy.Perfect for the after church crowd, and us sinners alike, Rainbow Donuts makes the best donuts in the valley!
4	I love donuts. It's so hard to find a good donut these days. Luckily, I decided to "Yelp" donuts and what do you know - Yelp comes through once again. We split a gigantic cherry fritter type donut and we still didn't finish it, mainly due to the fact we just had to try a buttermilk donut. But I did manage to scarf down the remaining piece of cherry donut later on and I enjoyed every bite. Crispy brown on the outside and moist and delicious on the inside. It's definitely something one would get a craving for every now and then. Decadent!
5	Reminds me of the donuts of my childhood, so good. The first time I went was this past Saturday and they had two trays left at 2pm and I thought that was limited but I got a glazed to try them out. Wow was all I could say.  OK so I went today 6/24/10 and they had only 1 tray left and it was mostly donut holes at 10am and this was it no more to be made today; I was bummed.  But I got a dozen of those little gems and left to eat and sulk about the whole matter at home.  So the moral of this story is get your butt to Rainbow Donuts early if you want a good selection. Otherwise don't say I did not warn you. They are open from 4am to 3pm 7 days a week.
5	The place is clean and the donuts are very fresh. I am a fan of their muffins. They use plenty of walnuts on the banana nut muffins! I bought a batch for the offcie and I was the hero of the day... just that day (Lol). From my observation though, they are pretty busy so you better get there early if you want to have a good selection. Nice staff too!
5	A classic American donut shop.Their glazed donuts are a sublime expression of the baker's art.   Every now and then I  buy two dozen and take them to work.   I have always heard expressions from my coworkers on how truly good Rainbow donuts products are.
5	Not really much for me say hear...fresh doughnuts....great prices....you can get 6 doughnuts of your choice for under 5 bucks....WOW. Pretty good service....indoor and outdoor seating to enjoy your dougnuts...but they are only open from 4am to 3pm so if you want the best doughnuts get there early or before 2pm or they will be generally out of what you want....because I don't believe they make any more fresh doughnuts after 2pm. No doubt these are the best Doughnuts in the valley...maybe in the entire state of Arizona.  Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!! This is review number 200 for me...I am so happy....wohoo!!!
4	Oh good, I'm a regular at a donut shop. I'm a pair of sweat pants, a NASCAR Snuggie and 11 cats away from spinsterhood.Anyway, these are some pretty awesome donuts. If you're looking for doughnuts, you can take your extra consonants and vowel somewhere else, my friend. If you bring these to work, you may get a raise.Apple fritters, cake donuts, glazed, jelly-filled... good stuff. But get there early because they're only open until 3pm during the week and on Saturday and 2pm on Sundays. Some weekdays, they are closed a bit earlier than 3pm (as I have had the misfortune of learning first hand).
4	Love these Donuts Always fresh and always good. This place has consistently great Donuts and good prices. This place is in my top 2 best places to get donuts in phoenix!
5	This place has the best donuts in the valley. I grew in Southern Cali and there are an abundance of locally owned shops there. It is a struggle to find a good quality donut shop around here. They are few and far between. I don't like DD and KK is played out. I was heading in that direction and decided to give it a try. These are the best donuts I have found in the valley. The prices are great as is the selection. I like that they have a drive thru, which make it very convenient and fast. The Apple Fritter was crispy and delicious. The maple bar is soft and the maple icing is soooo good. You can tell these are fresh donuts as they are soft and fresh. These are so good that I would get up early on the weekend just to go there and get the best selection before the rush came and obliterated them. Love it!!!
5	If you know of a better donut joint, please let me in on it. This place simply can't be beat.
5	Pros: Great Donuts and hot chocolate, Great Service,  Friendly most of the time, Open early, Convenient location, great prices, cleanliness - for the most part, OK Customer service.Cons: in the past I have seen flies - buzzing around the donuts, and they close to early in the day, when I'm out in the afternoon or late at night i am forced to take my business elsewhere - usually a convenient store with suckish donuts.when I start achin' for a donut, this establishment is usually my first choice.
2	Tom: I've heard great things about this place and it is always busy when I drive by so I decided to surprise some co-workers and grab some donuts for them for breakfast.  The donuts were pretty stale.  Although they looked like they make their own donuts the display box for the donuts were running low so I could tell that I wasn't getting fresh ones which was disappointing.  I saw a sandwich called a Egg/Ham/Cheese/Bacon and had a choice of bagel or croisant and I got the croisant.  Wow.  This was just a mushy soaked thing.  Don't really know how to call it.  Just awful.  Also, what kind of soda choices are these?  RC Cola?  REALLY?  I had to get a Sunkist Orange which is ok but come on.  Pepsi or Coke.  Won't go back...
4	This is a good donut place... with the awesome cake donuts that they lack at all the friggin Dunkin Donuts that they have in Phoenix.  I'm glad that I found this place and that it's relatively close to home- the generic chain donut places just don't do it for me like the little ma & pop run places.
5	I haven't met a donut I didn't like here at Rainbow Donuts.  The old-fashioned donuts, chocolate bars, and french crullers are my favorites.  They even make croissant breakfast sandwiches, which also hit the spot on the mornings that we come here.  Don't bother with Dunkin Donuts if you want authentic donuts at great prices.  The service has always been great and the young lady who works here is always smiling.  :)
5	The donuts are at a whole new level (in the vacinity off heaven) than your regular donut shops. I had no idea donuts could be this good. Go early to get the best.
5	You have to get here early and careful they close when they run out of donuts. This is a great spot for freshly made donuts. The prices are great and the breakfast sandwiches are good also.  I was a regular at D.D. in FL until they shrunk the portion sizes... Like we wouldn't notice Mr.Dunkin? Anyhow a huge tiger tail aka. Bow Tie or a giant Bear Claw for only $1.69, you can't beat it.   I've been a regular here for about a month, the only down side is if you go around noon your selection shrinks considerably. And don't expect them to be open by three. Enjoy your donuts, but if you start going to often you may have to renew your gym membership!
5	Setting:  We either go before or after church.  If we get there early, there is definitely more of a selection, although we have hit the gem going in the afternoon before they close on Sundays.Ambiance:  I would like to say I am somewhat of a donut connoisseur.  These deep fried goodness is definitely my weakness.  Once you enter, you are filled with the smell of..yup, you guessed it, donuts.  They have a great selection, a little bar to sit at, seating outside, and tables inside as well.Food/Menu:  The maple bars are my favorite.  They are soft, topped off with the right amount of maple, and fluffy donuts.  They also have small apple fritters that are deep fried on the outside that makes the crunch even more delicious.  These are definitely my two favorite donuts, but the rest I have tried have great quality and taste.Service:  This place is family owned with friendly service.  I have not had any problems with service.Overall:  Well organized and clean compared to other donut places.  I am about to drop some knowledge on you Arizonians: the donuts are fresh and they are THE BEST DONUT PLACE I have had in the Phoenix area.  If they had healthy donuts, I would be here every day.  However, I will stick to the occasion of 1 or 2 times a month before or after church.  We will see you again Rainbow Donut goodness!
4	Oh donut, how I love thee.Rainbow donuts has the best donuts (I've had thus far). I really like how they offer the classic donuts, but they also have new flavors all the time.My favorite is the cherry fritter, and they are very generous on the size! Their prices are good also, not too pricey, but more expensive than the grocery store. However, quality counts here!I would recommend this place to anyone who loves donuts or whoever wants to try a new place.
5	This is the best donut shop that I have ever been to!  It is a family run business and  the owner, Gina,  is always there.  Every person that works there is extremely pleasant!!  Unfortunately, this place is on my way to work, and my families house... so I am tempted EVERYDAY!  :) The last time I drove by my sister talked me into stopping but I didn't want to go in because the line was so long.   I gave in and we stood in line...but they were so dang quick that we didn't wait more than 5 minutes.   I must say, the young man behind the counter is very VERY patient.  A customer ahead of us was being rude and annoying.  The young man just smiled and took it in stride.  Yay for him!  I almost forgot.....their donuts are fantastic!! Bakers dozen is 14 instead of 13.
3	Good donuts, definitely not the best donuts around. They hit the spot in the morning for sure!stay away from the coffee, it's wack
5	Maple bacon only made on weekends! Worth waiting all week for!Oh this place is the end of my waistline! Yikes. Fresh donuts, need I say more? Oh yes, you can ALWAYS say BACON!!!!Friendly service, reasonable prices and fresh warm donuts. YUM. This place is my go-to spot for donuts when I'm in the Phx/Scottsdale area. HIGHLY recommended. And trust me, I've eaten a TON of donuts.
5	These are the best donuts in North Phoenix by far! I have yet to find another shop that even comes close. Anyone that eats at DD has no clue what they are missing out on. A couple times per month I will wake up early on a Saturday and treat the family to these delicious gems of heaven. Everything that I have tried is amazing but I particularly enjoy the whip cream filled long johns or the apple fritters. I feel that I can only eat a maximum of two donuts before I enter a sugar coma. From what I have read, this place is family owned which I would much rather support than a chain of donut shops.
4	I was nervous about going to this place because of how it looks from outside. After reading the review I decided to go and I am glad I did because the donuts were SO good I will definitely go back!
4	Good prices. Drive thru ... But always Fun sitting with the old folks on a Saturday morning.   Recently discontinued the Smoothies - the boy was disappointed. Fresh donuts!
5	Generous, fresh and well balanced donuts!  Love this place.  The creme filled do not have overly sweet creme--delicious.
5	We went this morning!! The service was fast and efficient! Out donuts were very fresh!! We took our kids with us, and they were very friendly and welcoming to them. We will be going back!
5	Excellent doughnuts. They are baked fresh every morning and the staff is very helpful and friendly. They have reasonable prices. I have been in the drive thru and walked inside. Fast , friendly service and clean establishment. I highly recommend this business.
5	With the addition of the cronuts and new flavors, I have to rave about the new variety but same old taste. What can I say? Being the duke adds responsibility of ensuring this place gets the credit for best donut shop in Phoenix!Now, what makes a good donut? It has to be light and fluffy. Not light as in fat free, but light and fluffy, as you take a bite, your teeth sink right through the icing and dough. It leaves a moist chew in your mouth while allowing you to savor the flavor. Rainbow delivers this with every single donut! You got that right, I just dropped some donut knowledge up in here.I have heard many great things about cronuts. I mean I love croissants, but mixed with a donut? Oh yea, I am feeling the jive now. We tried the glazed and cinnamon. It wasn't light and fluffy, but definitely a soft crunch that packs the same old Rainbow flavor that this location only offers. Does this beat out my maple bar infatuation? Please don't make me choose! However, I will have to be so bold to say that this place keeps getting better. The family is great, the service is top notch, and it makes this Yelper proud to be Duke! Lastly, they mix the cronuts with fresh fruit if you so choose. That is definitely next on my list! Do I even need to say I will see you again Rainbow? Oh yea, probably next Sunday!
5	Good donuts. Great selection. Workers are always cheery. My kids love this place. Me too!
5	BEST. DONUTS. EVER.Seriously, these are the best donuts I've ever eaten. I love donuts and I am ecstatic that I have found this place. We moved to Phoenix less than a month ago and this is a sign that we've moved to the right place.I've had a number of different types of donuts here and all have been great. While they seem simple, the glazed raised donuts are delicious. Cinnamon crumb = yum. The buttermilk bars are killer. The donuts holes are also really great. I haven't had any of what they consider "fancy donuts", but they look amazing. I also can't wait to try the croissants after reading the reviews here.You can't even compare Rainbow Donuts to Dunkin' Donuts. They are in a completely different class altogether. The donuts here are so light, it's dangerous. I could eat way too many. The baker's dozen is 14 donuts, but I haven't gotten that many yet. These don't keep long, which is a great sign that they aren't full of preservatives or unnecessary ingredients. The two college-aged kids that work here are super friendly, even after they've been asked a million times what each donut is. Unfortunately (or maybe fortunately for my waistline), they run out early in the day. If this place was open for a late night donut run, I would be in trouble!
5	Okay I have just started this yelp thing and found rainbow donuts because of other yelpsters.  This place is awesome.  Delicious light donuts melts in your mouth.  They gave me a warm foot long twist to welcome me.  Worth the journey!
5	Perfect, homemade, local donut shop. They have so many different types and flavors. The croissants are the best I have ever had, someone in the back is an expert baker. Really nothing but perfection. They have a drive through if your interested in getting donuts in your pjs.
5	Ever since we moved into our place a few years back this has been our favorite and only place to go for donuts.  A very popular and renowned donut shop has since been opened in our area, but Rainbow Donuts can't be beat!  After going to the new one once or twice we realized how much better Rainbow Donuts is.  They're always friendly, always delicious, and always a very wide variety of all the flavors you'd expect.  Highly recommended!
1	I found a thin rope in my donut!!! Not very clean, I would say!
5	GREAT doughnuts! I stop by on my way home once a week to pick up a bakers dozen (14) from Rainbow.. They are always so nice! Sometimes if you get there too early the selection is minimal although there's never been a bad one. The maple long johns are great and the croissants are hand made and AMAZING!
5	So....my husband decided to bring me a half a dozen donuts while I was taking a nap today. He got a variety box with some classics and something that looked like a chocolate cake doughnut but turned out to be the most delightful blueberry doughnut I've ever tasted. All the doughnuts were crispy and wonderful on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside. Absolute perfection; I'm in love.
3	Boo, we went here for a cronut today, but we must've come too late (they close at 2 on Sundays-not 4!) and we were stuck with a raspberry filled cronut. It was waaaaaayyy too sweet, and just a little "old". Same goes for the chocolate croissant. I've yet to eat the cinnamon roll or maple donut, but I'm sure it's the same. I just need to get there bright and early!
2	I am not really sure what the hype is about. We went by in the afternoon and the place was cleaned out. We managed to get a few of what was left plus donut holes (my fave!). The donuts tasted fine - nothing spectacular and nothing I would drive out here for. We were pretty underwhelmed *sigh*
5	I had a mango smoothie and a s'mores donut and it was so delicious. They also sell boba drinks here too and real cheap! Now I dont have to drive 30 mins to get boba drinks. The staff here are very friendly too especially the Manager lady and her daughter. Theyre both adorable and very pleasant to talk to. I will definitley go back :)
5	I got a milk tea boba and it was delicious! The boss lady always seems so happy its like she never has a bad day :) I think I'll get another boba and donut tomorrow, definitely worth the carbs haha oh make sure you get there early for the best stuff because they tend to be cleaned out by the afternoon. The earlier the better :)!!!
5	After pulling an all-nighter from studying for finals I decided to reward myself with a raisin bran muffin. Thank the heavens they were open very early :)
