5	Spacious, comfortable seats, and cheaper than the movies in CA....it was the perfect spot to watch "300" (which also gets a 5 star in my book).
4	Great place to watch a movie but I can't give it a 5 star rating......sorry!  However, this is a great place to take the family to for a little movie fun.  Not the best place for a date because of nosy guest and overbearing managers. I spoke in the direction of my dates ear when the lights were dimming and the nosy guest told me that I was talking too loud.  I apologized and we started to focus on the screen because the movie was starting.  About 20 minutes into the movie my date spoke softly to me about a scene and I had noticed that that same person was turned around looking at us.  Side note:  This guest was sitting in the row in front of me, 2 seats to the right.  My date and I noticed that this person was looking at us again so she leaned over to ask me if I knew this person.  When I told her I didn't the lady told us that we were being too loud.  The problem here is that I was sitting the same distance from a friend and his date and they said that they couldn't hear us talking at all. Hmmmmm!   So, we brushed that off and got beck in to our movie. Around 8pm I dimmed the light on my phone, held it low, and sent my children a, "goodnight" text.  I put my phone away and got back into the movie.    I had a creepy feeling that someone was watching me so I took a look around.  Well, it turned out that the manager was staring at me as if he wanted me to leave.  I stood there for about 20 minutes and every time I turned around he gave me a glaring stare.  He managed to completely creep me out and make me feel unwelcome......I'm trying to figure out what that's all about. I am very clear on movie educate and I don't think I broke any rules.  I did speak to my date but I did so in an appropriate tone.  I also had to use my phone to communicate with my children but I still kept the other movie goers in mind.   Overbearing is uncomfortable and ignorance is bliss, what can you do?  Either way, I will not let those little incidents stop me from patronizing this movie theater.  The next time I go I will be sure to be on my best behavior.  I'll keep my phone in my pocket and I wont say a word to my date, I'll be a good little boy!  Seriously, great place!  No 5 star because of the to idiots though....you're killing  a good thing guys!
5	I really like Harkins Theaters, especially the one at superstitions. This is my go-to movie theater. They've got comfortable seats, decent prices, great concession stand, and a lot of screens. The customer service here is always great too. I've never had anyone give me attitude or help me out when I asked a question. The facilities (even the bathrooms) are clean and inviting. Tip: if you like to watch movies regularly, get the loyalty cup or the t-shirt as you can get $1 soft drink refills and free medium popcorn every time you go to Harkins. It's a great deal and will pay for it self if you go at least 4-5 times a year.
4	I love coming here to watch the latest movies and spend time with my daughter!
3	If you google this address you will find that it belongs to the Blast Fitness Center in the Fiesta Village shopping center where there's now also a Big Lots, Walgreens, a Dollar Tree store, Avenue and soon to be a thrift store. All the reviews that have been written to date for this location are for a movie theater that has been closed for several years. I remember this movie theater well because I broughy my oldest, and then only daughter here to see one of the Disney movies back in the 70's before VCR's were even invented.  She's 41 now.The first time I came to see my middle daughter who lives in Mesa I think this theater was still open as a $5 theater, in 2009.  Unfortunately I never got to it and it had closed down by the next time I came, a year later. The venue sat empty for a couple of years and then the fitness center moved in and gone were the theater seats, screen, concession stand and everything.  I was sorry to see that.This entire center was dying untill the major chains started moving in.  I'm not crazy about chains but they did save this center.  I'm not sure which theater the other reviewers thought they were reviewing, the one at Riverview?  Superstition Springs? But not this one.  It's long gone.
