4	The Raj seem to always have an offer of 1983 prices. They certainly are reasonable. It's a nice restaurant which actually has a cinema at the back. The windows look out over the Water of Leith and at night it's a very cosmopolitan outlook. They do a green chicken dish which has to be seen to be believed. I've even been there for Christmas dinner and that was smashing.
5	I cannot sing this restaurant's praises enough.  I can truly say, hand on heart, my favourite Indian restaurant that I've ever been to - anywhere!!!  I've been here many times and have never not enjoyed or even been disappointed with any of the dishes I've eaten.  The flavours and spice combinations that explode in your mouth during each bite is spectacular - truly a pleasure.  What are you waiting for?  Go now...
2	This restaurant is at the Corner of my street at is a convenient  place for a little bite to eat. Staff are nice but the price is to much for the quality you reserve. Not the best Indian meal I have ever had. It is a bit dated and its reputation is better than in reality.Wouldn't tell people not to go but there are better Indian restaurants close by.
2	I've been to The Raj a few times since moving to leith 5 years ago and always thought it was ok. I went last month however and it was just a bit tired. No one there really seems to care about the business, which saddens me as it's a lovely spot with some unique stuff about it.The portions aren't particularly big, for the price you pay certainly, and none of the food really delighted me. I hope things improve before long!
3	My local takeaway and very hit or miss!The prices are excellent for what you get and although I've yet to have a *bad* meal from here, there is really absolutely no consistency to their offering.I'm a pretty simple gal when it comes to my tastes with Indian food and although I'll occasionally wander off piste I more often than not order the same thing. As such I've had a pretty good litmus test over the past year for that lack of consistency - sometimes my chicken passanda is lovely and creamy with a thick sauce that's just made for dipping naan bread in, and sometimes it's incredibly watery and soupy.Likewise, the peshwari naan wobbles about from divine to woeful. On a good day the inside will be beautifully coated, bright orange and so flavoursome you almost don't want to dip it in anything, whereas other times it looks like they just threw some dessicated coconut inside as an afterthought.A lot of this seems to be down to the day of the week, with weekends having the stronger serving, but I really wish they could just nail this all week round.Although I've ordered takeaway from the Raj, I doubt I'd ever choose to have a sit down meal there. The decor is incredibly tired and a bit grubby. It's not often very busy either which does bring the ambiance down a little. It could probably do with some background music to try to perk the place up a bit.They could also do with installing a till system. They simply tot up your order using a menu and a calculator and I don't think I've been quoted the same price for the same meal more than once!In summary, amazing food at weekends and a fab price, but pretty woeful otherwise.
