4	For those that haven't been to Sonic and aren't completely averse to fast food, what are you waiting for?  This chain has some of the tastiest, most artery-cloggingly good stuff.  They immediately get 2 stars just for having tater tots.  Everyone knows tots are potatoes in their finest form, it's just a scientific fact that cannot be questioned.  The official list is provided below:1.  Tater Tots2.  Hash Browns3.  Au Gratin4.  Twice-baked (because 2 is better than 1).5.  BakedThey get another 2 stars for having one of the tastiest beverage concoctions known to man, the cherry limeade.  Again, if you haven't tried it, I kinda feel bad for you.  However, I can't give them the full 5 stars.  While their peripherals are damn good, their actual main staples are kinda meh.  Also, at this particular location, there always seems to be a long, slow-moving drive-thru line.  They're probably just understaffed, but it does get annoying.
3	for my first time trying sonic after watching all those freakin commerical on tv here in the bay area.....i had to try it.  cherry limeade and the strawberry limeade was refreshing...slightly carbonated.  tater tots!?!?!  napoleon dynamite would love this place!  pretty good..not like those frozen ones you got in ur grade school lunch...i donno what it is....great option to fries.  their burgers were pretty good and so was the popcorn chicken.  luckily i had some friends with me so i can try different things.kinda cool old style drive up burger joint...and the dude was on roller blades...classic.  he actually dropped one of our drinks tho.mcdonalds still has the best fries...but nobody has tots like sonic.
4	I really only give the burgers in this joint 3 or 4 stars, but the other items on the menu, make this place amazing. Such as:#1 Tots.#2 'Breakfast Bistro' sandwich. You CAN'T get a better fast food breakfast sandwich.  A large, super-soft bun, egg, meat, and cheese. Once you have it, your mouth will water every day you drive by Sonic in the morning.#3 Quality commercials. The guy who wanted the 'last word' on his wife. You want some fries with that shake? They're all pretty funny.#4 Coconut Cream Pie Shake. Bits of pie in a shake. Good as hell.#5 Happy hour. Stop by and get a large Cherry-Limeade or Powerade Slush for 80 cents. You can't beat that.
3	First off, isn't this Sonic on the NW corner of Elliot and Kyrene not Elliot and Rural?If you order drive-in style then your server will roller skate your order out to you.  Yes, even if your server is a guy.  I'm not really that psyched on Sonic.  They have good onion rings if you like onion rings and their Route 44 Cherry Limeades have yet to disappoint me.  Safe bets.The other night my kids were asking for ice cream and I couldn't see taking them to McDonald's for a $1 dollar sundae when Sonic was just down the road.  So I took them to Sonic for a milkshake.  Two had caramel and my little guy had chocolate.  Having tasted my daughter's caramel shake before, I knew it was good.  It's subtle and not overwhelmingly 'caramel'.  I think it's probably the best flavor they have.  Chocolate,..eh.  After getting the drinks we drove around on the interstates and my baby girl (6mos) crashed out as did my son who ordered the chocolate shake.  Mission accomplished.  Okay Sonic, I'll be back.
3	I like the food. Try it for the first time. The strawberry limenade keeps me a happy camper. The only thing bugs me is that there is no instruction for first timer. And I feel lost about how to order. And the guy didn't even give me my changes back.
4	Tough to access when coming east on Elliot. Love this Sonic! Not usually busy, but then there's happy hour. Always friendly service and fairly fast. I come here often. Tator tots are great, corn dogs & drink selection is of the best! My regular favs.
4	Sonic is one of my favourite places to eat because of the good, friendly service. They are pretty reasonable pricewise as well and you can either go through their drive-through or park and have your food delivered by rollerskating waitresses and waiters. Also, you can park and walk up to their window and order and eat at an outdoor table. I recommend that BEFORE the temperatures reach triple digits here in Arizona!They have delicious choices on their menu and lots to choose from when ordering something cold to drink. They offer Happy Hour Drink Specials each day from 2:00 to 5:00 pm, so if you're jonesing for a Route 44 OZ Coke Zero to quench your thirst and you're in the area during those times, you can go get 1/2 off on that drink. The only drawbacks are trying to get in there coming eastbound on Elliot Road, & I am not crazy about their breakfast sandwiches.
4	We've never been disappointed with his location.  Great slushes and milkshakes.  Perfect stop on the way to costco!Happy hour rocks!
3	For a massive fast food chain Sonic is the lesser of evils. I occasionally visit for a chili cheese dog with extra onions and mustard - and maybe a grape cream slush. I prefer their Scottsdale location because you can dine inside.
4	I'm a sucker for Sonic! I love their happy hour and their chili cheese dog with onions makes me one happy camper. Frankly, all of their food is good!
2	Ordered two 44 strawberry fruit slush and one corn dog.  Gave 5.39, bill was 3.39 and Serena tries to give me $1.00 and change back and two 32 oz drinks.  :-(I brought change to her attention and had to check size on cup.On a more recent trip through the drive through I again had a similar experience in which the cashier at the window did not give me all my change.  I'm not tipping a buck to these people when I come through the drive through.  Seriously, this is ridiculous that they even attempt to pull off this little maneuver.
4	Sonic has some great burgers and shakes. Oh and don't for get the tatter tots. Sometimes you just want tatter tots. I haven't been in while because the service can be a little spotty. It has gotten a little better. If you don't like your job or are stressed out please don't take it out on the customer. We just want an awesome burger and some tatter tots. If you don't like your job go find a new one there are plenty of them out there. But while you are there do your best and try and be nice to people. It took me awhile to learn that lesson. I know how it is.Supersonic Cheeseburger with mustard! So good. All the food is good. Even the grilled cheese on the giant Texas toast is good. I will keep going here and put up with the slightly off the mark service sometimes because the food is so good.
4	Gut busting happiness resides at Sonic. One of my favorite food items to get here are the chili cheese tots. With the half price drink happy hour every day from 2-4, and the summertime half price shakes after 8, this is like my new second home! So far we haven't had any order mix ups at this particular location, and service has been fairly speedy.P.S. My favorite shake so far is the pineapple-banana.
3	Really good service this evening and they were busy.Took advantage of the half price shakes after 8 pm instead of dinner tonight.  Sorta torn cuz my shake is weird.  I think they mixed it wrong cuz it is not a chocolate cream pie.  There's some funky syrup or something in the mix that tastes more like suntan oil.  Blah.What happened there?!Well I did have polite service and they apologized for order taking so long. Any other time I would've went back and had my drink remade but too tired to care on this particular evening.
5	I've been visiting this Sonic since 2007 and cannot remember ever receiving an incorrect order - and have had maybe 1 or 2 slow visits at times I can only assume they were understaffed. Everyone is always super friendly even when I don't have cash to tip and paid with a card.I've never had anything bad to say about this location but I think after today I'll be visiting even more. I left something extremely valuable there today and instead of keeping it for themselves, a Sonic employee was able to contact someone that knew me so I could go back and pick it up.Honesty, awesome service and great tasting food & drinks - thanks Sonic!
1	This has got to honestly be the worst Sonic my husband and I have ever been to recently we went there for lunch and ordered two what I would consider are pretty simple drinks I wanted a cherry limeade he wanted a strawberry lemonade slush after repeating ourselves about 5 or 6 times we gave up and had lunch at a different sonic on Dobson and Guadalupe who had absolutely no problem taking the very same order. Though my husband still gave them a second try when he went to lunch with a coworker and pretty much the same thing happened he ordered the same drink it took them forever to figure out what it was and then his buddy orders a double burger and ends up with a single patty. Pretty frustrating
