3	I got the "pit boss" with beersPros: Nice large wood plate with a sample of everything that I wanted all to taste so it was perfect choice. The ribs were excellent, the chicken was very tender and juicy, not so salty. The pork was good, potato salad awesome ad ok coleslaw.Cons: Sat at the end of the bar, the barmaid was putting all the drinks going out to tables in front of me, I got to hear the employees and manager bitch about customers that came late, got to see the siting table chart on the counter in front of me, got to hear the employees giving a hard time to the new employee, yet, really not the best place to sit in the house. I would have to go again and sat far from the end of the bar or at a table to have a real dinner experience.  Lack of customer service and care.
3	I went here the other week with my gf, and was very happy with the place. It's got a cool bar and an out-door section in the back, but isn't really that big overall.We had the Mac 'N Cheese entree. It was OK, but since I'm Australian (and didn't grow up with the whole North-American-imitation-cheese-fixation) it wasn't life-changing.I had the 5 Napkins burger which was good. For the two sides (which you get with every meal) I had fries and corn, which made the meal massif and pretty good value. I really liked the (rib?) sauce on the burger - it was nice and smokey, which shouldn't be surprising as they bill themselves as a smokehouse.The guys next to us had the Pit Boss, and it looks like it would go hard. I'd like to come back and try it. It had pulled pork, ribs, half a chicken, and a few different sides. All of it was covered in the rib sauce, which I totally rate.Will go back here at some stage. It wasn't the cheapest, but good quality and still value for money. I'd really like to try the Bacon Brownies.For the guys: the waitresses here were really hot, and I almost gave them another star just for that. If you're catching up with some mates, go here and get the Pit Boss and check out the waitresses.For the ladies: umm, the decor was... nice? I don't really know, I was too busy checking out the waitresses to notice.
5	This place is amazing. If you love true southern BBQ....this is it! The best ribs I have ever had. Too find a great smokehouse like this gem in Montreal was bonus! The pulled pork Poutine was top notch.
4	This review is strictly on the food, because I ordered take-out.Ordered the pit boss platter, which is comprised of a half a rack of ribs, half a chicken, pulled pork, fries, tater salad and coleslaw for about 42 dollars.  It is a lot of food for the price.  The ribs were extremely good.  Best BBQ i have found north of the border in Montreal.  Very juicy and tender, falls right off the bone.  Next time I will just order a full rack for myself. The chicken was also very good.  Moist and not dry at all.  The skin had a nice flavor to it as well.The pulled pork was also very good, and when you add the bbq sauce to it, it elevates the flavor.Standard fries and coleslaw, but the potato salad was tasty.In summary, best choice if you want any semblance of what southern BBQ tastes like in Montreal.
3	I left disappointed. And disappointed that I was disappointed if that makes any sense. I wanted to love this place. I fist saw it on the TV show The Opener where (somewhat) celebrity Chef David Adjey help these 3 sweet guys open their first restaurant. I can see that most of what they put on the menu remains today. So I ordered the burger, and it was just boring. Like a burger from Chenoys would be. One of my friends had it as well and we felt exactly the same. There was some mystery meat on top of the patty, maybe bacon, but it was raw. My 3 other friends had the chicken and all thought it was real dry. Everything else about this joint was cool, the decor, waitresses, terrace, etc...I will give it another try when someone suggests it. This friendly lady started up a conversation with me as I waited for my table. She recommended the pulled pork and the poutine. Next time I'll listen to her.Give it a try!
3	Le Boucan is a great addition to the up and coming neighborhood, we all know when you're shopping for antiques, one might get hit with a barbeque craving and Le Boucan is there to calm the storm. As they've only been open a few months, there are a few things I'm sure they are ironing out and really not worth mentioning here. So if you're looking for a barbeque fix and there's white stuff falling from the sky, follow the smoke trail here.
1	Recently sent an out of town friend to pay a visit to Le Boucan to try their pork ribs.Ordered a full rack, carry out.I have to say I enjoyed the sauce which seemed like a nice mix of bar-b-q and mesquite.  Meaty, good cut of rib, not dripping with excess fat, not an old and tough piece.The sides (coleslaw and fries) however seemed a bit skimpy for the size of the entree.Beware of man-waiter/server.  Asked my visitor-friend for $36 but handed him a receipt for $32.19 ($28 plus tax) which he only noticed later.  Either ripping off the business (and should be fired) or ripping off tourists (English speakers -- I really hope this isn't the case).Ribs 5 stars, sides 2 stars, dishonest worker makes my review 1 star.
1	I got chicken sandwich with bbq sauce. fries and salade.sandwich and salade were very oily and fat.The sandwich was not what i expected it was loke checkdn burger and really not good. I dont recommrnd anyone to take it.Fries got dried and was intermediate quality.  paied 3$ for small tea!!
4	As a counterpoint to my vegan adventure the other day, I met up with some friends from out of town here to devour on some southern style cuisine comprising mostly of meat. Ordered two pit boss platters and some pulled pork poutine and the Cajun shrimps as an appetizer.The Cajun shrimps while good, didn't really strike me in a "try this again" kinda way. Maybe this place needs to serve up some crawfish instead. The pulled pork poutine was as tasty as it was unhealthy. Soft pork with the now gooey yet still crunchy fries. Love it. The platter was excellent with the ribs being the highlight. Tender but not so soft that you don't need to work a bit at the bone, I could have eaten another rack! Their 'cue sauce was fantastic, not too sweet and went great with our meat. The chicken was good too but I found the breast meat a little too dry for my liking. To top it off, I had the bacon brownie. Ridiculous!  As in, "How did I not have this before!?"Come here with a group or your favourite eating buddy.
4	Le Boucan's Chicken BBQ Breast with Fries & Cheesy corn was amazing!  Possibly the best chicken you'll find in town, and definitely one of the best dishes we've bad anywhere in 2012!
4	Pulled pork poutine. Does anything else need to be said? Okay, I get it, some details might help. I realize there are punk, wannabe poutines out there, that don't use curds, but believe me, le boucan has the right stuff, as much meat as fries, and as many squeaky curds as gravy. It's massive and will stop you in your tracks with deliciousness.We also attacked the ribs, burger, slaw, fries and a bacon brownie, all which are top bbq house choices in my opinion. The burger comes with two cheese blanketed patties, it is not a girly burger by any means. But it was delectable, particularly with the extra mayo on it. Love the bourbon selection here too. Make reservations, it's a teeny place (which as I have mentioned before means they must be masters of their food domain) and you won't want to stand waiting for a table watching the lucky ones devour saucy ribs. It just wouldn't be fair.
3	This is a boys restaurant! Strong drinks and meaty menu. Pretty much confort food with nachos, huge burgers, ribs and pulled pork. I think it would probably be a fun place for a bunch of guys to party after a game!
3	Chicken was good, sauce was awesome, sides were so-so. Friendly service. Nice terrasse out back. All around, a good option for a decent meal.
4	Comfort food almost perfectly executed. Started with the roasted tomato soup served with cheesy bread followed by the 5 napkin burger. The soup had a really nice smokey taste to it. I could get used to eating something like that on a cold Montreal day. Huge hamburger with 2 homemade delicious patties smothered in the best BBQ sauce. I wasn't a big fan of the sides...fries and creamed corn, they were just OK.
4	I love stopping in at Le Boucan every time I visit MTL. Tasty soul food in a casual, retro space. The menu is straightforward and the food is fresh and tasty.
1	horrible service, tight ambience, and the waiters were pressuring us to hurry. not going back
1	The 5th time I went on Saturday. Service and plating is inconsistent.  A 40 seat casual BBQ should not run on reservations as it effects capacity management put stress on staff and clients.  Some managers better than others, but the one on Saturday should consider working outside the hospitality field.  Unnecessarily awful service experience last.  Lost client.
4	Went with my boyfriend on a Saturday night at 9:00 and there was space for us - I've tried at normal eating time (7-8:30) with no luck. It is literally a glorified walk-in closet..TINY..someone mentioned 40 seats, I think that's probably at max max max capacity. You don't come here for the atmosphere though, you come here for the food..and to that regard, it is a GIANT success. In the MAINS: we tried between us the half-stack pork ribs and the chicken sandwich with white BBQ sauce; STARTERS: chicken wings with mustard BBQ sauce; SIDES: green salad, fries and cheesy corn; DESERT: bacon brownie and sticky toffee pudding.The chicken sandwich was absolutely delicious but the most succulent item was by far the pork ribs. They were fall-off-the-bone delicious barbecue comfortness - I'm not a big fan of ribs, they were my boyfriend's choice, but I wish I had taken them...The same goes for the chicken wings with mustard BBQ sauce. The wings fell off the bone and were smoked with a sweet and sour rub - they were hands down some of the best wings I've ever had...and the sauce well, let's just say we hid the sauce behind the napkin dispenser so that we can keep it for our main meals it was SO good.The salad side is really good as far as salad goes..we actually both enjoyed the salad more than our other sides; the fries were just MEH and the cheesy corn wasn't the greatest culinary choice I've ever made.The bacon brownie desert was nothing short of disgusting as there are actually pieces of bacon in it..not in a good way though, just take my word for it. However, if you were so lucky that god made the desert of the day sticky toffee pudding - you would be an absolute fool not to take it...an absolute fool. Definitely on a list of the best deserts I've ever had. hint: it's not actually pudding...its more like toffee sponge cake with caramel and pralines on top...it's just ridiculous..my mouth is watering thinking about it...don't pass on it!not a great alcohol selection and they were out of alot of menu items when we got there but their kitchen closes at 11:00 so it's understandable..All in all, if you've got a craving for late night comfort food; this is the place. Everything on the menu has a smokey taste - and I mean everything - so if that's not your gig then bring your business elsewhere.. I would advise against going too often though, especially if it is your gig, as "smoked" foods contain carcinogens and are not safe for frequent consumption...but once in a while, it'll do the soul a great deal of good ;)
4	I can eat a pulled-pork poutine any day and still not be full. Going to Le Boucan makes you feel like you are visiting one of the restaurants in an episode of Guy Fieri's Diners, Dive-Ins and Dives. I came across this place by accident when all the other restaurants on Notre Dame street were closed once the breakfast hour finished. It's not hard to find this place, you just need to follow your nose. I was lucky to take in the Southern atmosphere and western decorum, as I was enjoying my meal in their terrace in the back. The best part about the terrace is that you can enjoy your meal without all the background noise from the busy streets. Truly an authentic experience worth enjoying again. Did I mention they have bacon brownies? Enough said, try the place out for yourself. Just make sure you bring a hefty wallet.
4	Been here a few times, food is always good, fresh and somewhat consistent. The service is polite and friendly. They have a great selection of drinks, southern style food & drinks actually. I had a drink called the southern wheeler i think, the tipsyness made me forget its name. you couldn't taste much of the alcohol in it but it had quite a kick ! The Mac & cheese entree ( 8$ ) was great, I should have stopped there but I was greedy and wanted more so I got a half rack of ribs that I couldn't finish but they were good, a bit dryer than last time i tried them. The fries were good but I think they forgot the dressing on the coleslaw this time. Ill be ordering the wings again for sure, I think they were smoked, really good flavor and crispiness to them, comes with dipping sauce of your choice, Boucan bbq, honey mustard and bbq and white sauce. The place is always crowded on the weekends and Friday nights. They do take reservations so reserve in advance because its tiny. It's tiny but cozy and rustic which is so my style. ( not fancy )At some point they dimmed the lights and it made the atmosphere somewhat romantic and with some southern comfort and bourbon in my drink, I felt really comfy. To finish off, The buttermilk pie served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream is not describable so you are going to have to try it because its worth it.
5	Absolutely fun place to eat and drink in cozy neighborhood of Montreal.  The salmon was cooked to perfection.  Came with wonderful fries that had a balance of cajun spice and southern sweetness. Cheese corn was decent, but not spectacular. The vibe was amazing which made the meal even more enjoyable.Drinks were outstanding - the buffalo trace is definitely their specialty.  Pisco is ABA pisco, which is a decent Chilean pisco, but preparation of the pisco sour was slightly off, but bartender was willing to tweak to a better result.Service is phenomenal - chatted me up about my hometown and gave great tips on places to go in Montreal. Other patrons were equally friendly. Simply a wonderful evening for good food in a friendly atmosphere.
5	Best pork poutin ever had in Montreal! The appetizer of colorful taco plus chicken and cheese is joyful. Pork rib with green salad is also pretty good!
4	I had the pulled pork poutine recommend you take the hamburger instead very tasty. Owner kind of gave us attitude cause we had no reservation but otherwise good
4	The service was impeccable! Very friendly and  helpful tips on what  to  try for the first  time.Huge plates with affordable prices. The ribs , burger and mac n cheese are DA BOMBNegative points include a watery tasting sangria , bland potato salad  and not asking the cute waiter s phone number at the end of the  night :)
4	Good bbq! Everything, even the sides are really tasty. Great pulled pork. Wish I'd had room left for the bacon brownie. Good atmosphere, cool staff!
5	I ordered the pulled pork Poutine and loved it! I also ate some wings which were great as well. They have a great selection of drinks. I ordered my regular vodka cran but my friend tried a few of their whiskies. Our waiter was super friendly and knew a lot about whiskey and was able to make recommendations to my friend. The atmosphere was cool, there was a small terasse out back (we called to reserve an outside table) and all the staff was amazing. I can't wait to go back and try their Mac and cheese :) Update: I tried the Mac and cheese and it was good but there were too many onions for my liking.
4	Last month, for the event of my birthday, I was looking for a nice relaxed spot to enjoy a great meal amongst friends and perhaps have a few drinks along the way. After decided that (of course) the Burgundy Lion was the happy hour spot we would start at, Le Boucan seemed like the ideal location to continue the evening. It certainly helped that we could simply walk over from the pub... also I just love BBQ. I had only been once prior and quite honestly the events of that first visit are quite hazy for some reason or another. Because of that, I was quite excited to "re-try" Le Boucan.Located on a strip of Notre-Dame street that is quite literally booming, Le Boucan is a relatively small restaurant inside that was a nice terrasse out back to enjoy in the summer time. The interior has a rustic barn look - red wood panels on the walls, sliding barn doors at the washrooms, worn wood signs and hand drawn menu boards. The key focus point inside is the bar area with all the bourbon bottles exposed to the patrons to see. It is a very relaxed and enjoyable ambience.Le Boucan is a smokehouse so the menu is all BBQ - pulled pork, ribs, etc. On the drink side, they have a full bar menu with a particular focus on bourbon cocktails. As a starter, we ordered a pitcher of bourbon lemonade because well... I'm completely hooked to the stuff and can't ignore it when it is on a menu. This particularly version of it was quite good - not as sweet of many variants around town but definitely the strongest in terms of bourbon which was perfect for our evening.... but which made the second pitcher ordered later on a little more problematic...Needed a bit of food now, we grabbed some entrees. First up was a plat of Le Boucan's Nachos which I forgot to take a picture of..... either way, excellent plate of nachos with quite a nice amount of toppings over top. Sadly, you will just have to take my word for it. One of my friends ordered the meat balls. Topped with some scallions and served with some croutons and sauce, the meatballs were nice and moist. Nice flavour to them as well.I myself ordered the mac n' cheese. Served in a onion soup bowl, topped with some scallions and some bread crumbs, it was a nice macaroni however the cheese sauce was not creamy enough for my personal tastes. As such, the cheese didn't stick to the macaroni itself very well. The cheese sauce had a nice rich flavour at least but wasn't really one of my favourites.For the mains, most of us wanted to order some pulled pork however our waitress informed us that they had run out! Not cool so we worked around it. However, they had enough for one dish so one of us got the pulled pork poutine. Such a heavenly combination - beautifully tender pork with nice fries, cheese curds and some gravy. I would come back for this dish alone.... I guess I just need to make sure to reserve my portion early when I dine later.Given the lack of pulled pork, I went for the full rack of ribs with fries and cheesy corn. The fries were solid and the cheesy corn is a play on creamed corn which I enjoyed. The real star of course were the ribs. A massive portion of ribs - tons of meat on the bones with a good crust on them. No knife required to remove the meat here... that is the level of tenderness we are talking about. Very nice all around.The only other different main on the table was the rib and chicken combo with the side of potato salad. The chicken was nicely smoked - tender and juicy with a nice smoky flavour. The potato salad was pretty good as well - more on the chunky side of things but still creamy enough. A solid dish all around. Dessert was tempting but frankly at this point, we were too full to even consider the options. That will have to wait until next time.Le Boucan was a solid evening of delicious BBQ and drinks - the perfect setting to celebrate me getting another year older. Our group of 7 walked out happy and contend which is all I could ask more on this evening. BBQ in Montreal is getting better and better - Le Boucan has a solid spot in the best this city has to offer... thankfully I can remember enjoying it this time.Cheers!
4	I checked out Le Boucan last year and let's just say I've become slightly addicted to their pulled pork poutine. I get a craving for it at least once a week; but I got to fight it off or else I'd go broke. My boyfriend had ordered the ribs and they are literally FALL OFF THE BONE! Their BBQ sauce is amazing!I had the 5 napkin burger which should really be called the 20 napkin burger. It was delicious! The place itself is nice and intimate. The decor is cozy and barn like. The staff is super friendly and makes you feel like you're part of "Le Boucan family". When you sit at the bar you'll get to talk to the bartender and waiter like they're your friends; really cool people. The only thing I don't understand is the music they play...like rap and hip hop. It don't find it meshes well and completes the ambiance of the place.
5	This place is a small and cozy restaurant at first sight, but there is apparently seating out in the back too.Our server was friendly, spoke English, and looked like Ryan Gosling.We had a little bit of everything: Wings, ribs, chicken, pulled pork, fries, potato salad, coleslaw, and mac n cheese.I have been going to quite a few rib festivals this year and i have to say that the ribs here were one of the best, if not the best, I've had all summer.Everything was delicious. I will definitely come back and recommend the place to anybody in Montreal.
4	It's a small limited menu but what they do, they do well. I think a steak option would have been nice. Lots of pork, chicken, and the requisite Montreal poutine. Great and I mean GREAT coffee. Bacon brownie and Buttermilk pie aren't made in-house but are very good. Excellent service too
5	Best poutine ever, and the 5 napkin burger is to die for...The chicken wings were super goodThe music is entertaining and the staff very welcoming!Don't miss the opportunity to try the place
2	The food is good, that's for sure, but I look for a full experience - food, atmosphere and service, and the other two were lacking. We liked that there was fun 80s music playing, but we were awkwardly squeezed into a middle table where we were constantly in the waiter's way and a bit too close to tables next to us. The service is almost too fast to enjoy the experience of eating out - the food came only 5-10 minutes after ordering. (When I called to make a reservation, they told me we would have 2 hours - I think we were there about 45-minutes).Lastly, the waiter looked like me like I was an alien whenever I asked a question/request, such as: "Can I please have a knife?" Apparently, that's an odd request, even when you have a huge chicken breast to eat. It was just odd service. In the end, there are places I can go that have good food, atmosphere and service, so I wouldn't choose Le Boucan again.
2	My experience likely would have been different if it wasn't for the server. Nothing is worse than someone making you feel stupid for asking a question.As an example, my girlfriend asked for a better knife to cut into her chicken (she only had a butter knife). Our server gave us a look that made us feel dumb for asking and he answered back something along the lines of, "That knife should work fine." He eventually did get a better knife for her, but that isn't really something he should be arguing. Get a better knife - it's a simple request. He was also rude when she asked a simple question about having gluten free bread. It wasn't a judgement, just a question. We weren't expecting them to have gluten free buns or bread, but making us feel dumb for asking isn't what we're looking for. The food was spot-on, can't deny that. The rest of the staff seemed quite nice, too. First impressions go a long way, and our server simply didn't do his job. Beyond that, it's a bit small but those are the only negatives. Not the best barbecue I've ever had, but certainly top 5. I hope you have a better server if you try this place.
