5	Jenny is awesome! Not only are her prices amazing, she also does an exceptional job with her application! Don't worry about orangey streaks or missed spots- she is very professional and carries a great product! I'm so happy to have found this gem of a woman! She does tanning parties too, there's nothing wrong with a cocktail and tan in the comforts of your home?
5	Jennifer is a true professional! The process was easy and quick and I look naturally tan! If you have a special occasion, or if you just want to look great for every day, you Should tan! This so beats the bad effects of the sun and tanning beds. So happy with Chroma Tan!
5	Chroma Tan spray tanned me, husband and my wedding party for our wedding in November 2013. We all looked stunning and SOO natural. I recently moved and wanted to start spray tanning where I live since the sun isn't out enough for those who would sun bathe and for those who would like to go sunless there arent many mobile spray tanners. I contacted Jen asking if she would train me when I got back in town and be my mentor to get my business started. She sounded just as excited as I was to help me get on the right path to my own spray tanning business. When I met with her to train she had a print out of all information I could take with me since there is alot of information. Her information was easy to understand for someone who is new to the business and terms. She explained everything and even demonstrated and gave examples. I had a few people scheduled to come so she could demonstrate on and then I could practice as she watched. Only one person ended up coming and so she demonstrated without spraying for me and then guided me through as I spray tanned the client. She then offered to let me spray tan her so I could have 2 people to practice on. I was soo excited she trusted me to give her a good tan. Both tans came out amazing!! I got to see pictures the next day which was very exciting to see the results. She encouraged me to contact her any time that I had questions and even told me I WILL run into things I don't know and to make sure I contact her as she is always here to help. She went above and beyond my expectations and I feel very confident with my training that I know I'm on the right path to a great business and happy clients!! :) Thank you Jen at Chroma Tan for EVERYTHING you have done for me!!
