4	Pharmacy seems to have a lot of staff, at least 4 during the nite @ 9pm since it's open 24hrs.  I saw 2 come to the drive in & 3 pickups when I was there so it's steady but not crowded.  The store itself has a lot of business with people coming to get various sundries.  There's also alot of closeout clearance stuff in here so if you need something, it's bound to be either on sale or clearance practically.  For example they had plenty of candles on clearance of various sizes & types that you could give as gifts.  I got real Kleenex ultra soft on clearance for 0.57.  Trop OJ was on sale for $2.99 per 1/2 gal with a $1 back on your receipt.  Bargains galore.
3	I stopped here to pick up some 1/2 price Christmas cards for next year.  It's the best way to buy them each year.Parking is easy and I've found that getting in and out is quite easy.
3	The staff is very friendly and helpful, but I can NOT freaking stand how long the drive through line is every time I go.  I only go through the drive through to drop off a Rx or pick-up once I know it's ready.  But without fail, I always seem to get behind someone who either has 50 questions for the pharmasist or can't understand why their insurance is terrible.I really wish there was a "fast" lane and a lane for others who take 25 minutes!
4	Its a typical walgreens, nothing really sticks out about it. They seem efficient with getting prescriptions ready, and the shelves are always stocked. No comlaints here!
3	This has to be the worlds most busy drug store. I came here to fill my prescriptions earlier this week. During my "10-minute wait" that turned into 45 minutes, I am positive I caught an actual illness. Thankfully, this place has a drive thru. Next time, I will wait in my car so I don't expose my body to the germ-infested wait area. Shopping wise, they do have some decent deals. I stocked up on Chap-stick at 99 cents a piece and a bought a cute infinity scarf for $8. They do accept Culinary Insurance, so that was nice.
1	This review is for the minute clinic-Do not come here!! Go somewhere, anywhere else.I caught the flu so I checked online to see there was no wait time at this location. Checked in and the computer said it would be a 10-15 minute wait. No problem... Well after 30 minutes, some lady calls me up front to tell me they cant see me because they close at 5:30 and the doctor will not stay past closing. So frustrating. I ended up going to UMC instead.
4	You gotta love Walgreens they have everything that U could need and that's open 24hrs I mean how can you beat that!!! Drinks food etc... And fastest pharmacy ever
3	It's no different than any other Walgreens... Products & prices are the same, no matter where you go.I've shopped here for a while, I lived across the street at one point.The one complaint I've always had is, the slow check out, up front.Every other department is perfect, stock people, pharmacy, photo. As long as I live in the area, I'll visit this location.
1	The clinic in this location is a joke. I got there right at opening and waited for an hour and 45 mins. When I finally got seen she said "oh, im sorry you must have left." Umm no, I have been sitting in the same chair for almost 2 hours. She then sent me home with the DX of "allergies" and "no sign of infection" she was nice enough to give me a referral to a real doctor though. I went there later that same day and tested positive for Strep and also had a really bad ear infection. Needless to say I hope you choose somewhere else for your care needs. This place was a complete joke. I will stick with someone who knows that Motrin and Tylenol are different medications.
1	Robbery in the middle of the day! 52$ for a few passport picture!!!Don't take pictures at Walgreen!
2	Couldn't access the store this morning after dropping off my prescription the night before because there was a shooting and police blocked off the entire area. When I called later to find out if all was clear the customer service staff carried on a conversation with another employee in the middle of me talking to him it was very rude and I felt that it was unprofessional considering I was in the middle of a sentence when he very loudly just started talking to someone else. How the hell is he suppose to hear me when he's talking to someone else?!
1	Bad customer service and that's all I have.I have to say after a day at the doctors, fighting a nasty flu the last thing I expected to happen was a shitty drive thru experience picking up my meds hours later. I had no idea it took hours to get meds! Anyway after waiting in a long line I finally get up to the window to be told they don't have all my meds. I asked how that was possible because I called & checked status and of course everything was ready to be picked up. The girl has to be in her early twenties & could care less about my disappointment. She tells me to try target because they may have it. I of course asked her to call them to check because I'm not going to drive around looking for the other part of my prescription. She said she couldn't and at that point I drove away instead of smashing my car into her window :)It was a long day...After I drove off like a crazy lady I pulled over to see what the heck was received from them. Two different pills and something was still missing but guess what? There's no paper stating WTF is still missing so I have no idea what to ask target for. I now get out of my car to go inside to find an adult that maybe cares. I see my young new friend from the window and I ask for her manager. I now get a new girl maybe a year older than the other one and I tell her about my dilemma. She apologizes and says to try cvs across the street. I asked her to write down what the heck I'm missing and she says "that's a good idea". Lord help me keep my composure! There's nothing like being sick and forced to deal with careless morons. I got really nervous after this & googled all my meds to make sure I didn't receive some hormones or maternity pills! What a joke! Shame on our health care system for hiring morons to help us get better. I now realize that if you get really sick you'll be in trouble. It shouldn't be difficult to get medication ever.
