5	My wife and I would like to thank you for the fantastic job your company did installing the new carpet in our home. We were thrilled with the entire process. Everything from the product selection, installation and clean up went perfectly. The installers were polite and really took extra care moving and replacing our furniture. On top of all that, the new carpet looks spectacular. If you ever want another customer to see how our Tuftex 'Heat Wave' looks installed, they are welcome to visit our home.
1	I hate to write negative reviews.........but..............I had the WORST experience here.  I would stay REALLY far away from here.  They will quote you some outrageous amount and then not even follow up.  It is a SCAM!!
2	It's a shame when one needs to write a poor review but that's what I'm doing. Whether it was our salesman or the poor management attitude, but we could not get information we needed and their prices were high. We wanted prices on some moderate grade carpets but we were constantly steered toward the higher price ones. We wanted a quote on doing our home but was told they don't do that until the installers came out with the job request in their pocket. How can you buy when you are not given the cost in advance? Just a poor experience all the way around.
3	I give these guys 3 stars, which means A-OK'(according toYelp), and I don't mean to infer these guys are actually A-OK.  They're just okay...I know that these guys have a poor rating on Yelp to begin with, but we were under a bit of a deadline and they were going to be able to deliver.  The salesman was a bit condescending when he found out there would be competing offers, but he did a thorough estimate (showing us cuts and how the carpet would be installed.).  The other companies I got estimates from either could not install in time, simply did not get back to me, or I just didn't like (Empire Carpet.)  So despite being the most expensive, we went with Baker Brothers to install tile and carpet in almost the entire house.   First off, they don't have their own people.  They subcontracted our carpet removal, tile installation, and carpet installation.  They MAY have some of their own, but we never saw them.  They said "the company truck broke down so we're using our personal truck today." Haha.  Back to the salesman, he KNEW we were changing all of the flooring out because the previous owner let their dogs ruin the floors with urine.  We explained a long process of (1) removing carpet and padding (2) washing concrete floors (3) bleaching floors (4) treating the floors with an enzyme eliminator and (4) sealing the cement.  So we were surprised when they didn't want to take out the urine soaked tack strips.  After a very heated phone call, they did it. My salesman was off that day, but eventually they did it.  When they came back after a week of the floor being treated to install the carpet, it took them 14+ hours to install carpet in  the house.. 10 of that doing the actual carpet, about 4 doing tack strips.  One of the guys didn't speak a lick of English and didn't know a darned thing about installing carpet.  Plus they left their lunch garbage and several water bottles in our yard when they did leave.  The tile was done beautifully, with no problem by the way.If we had not been under a time constraint, we would have had the option of going elsewhere.  And because of the price, we would have.  But if you have a weird situation, and can pay a bit more -- I think they're the way to go.
4	We have travertine floors in the family room.We have a very high vaulted ceiling in the family room.We have an echo chamber in the family room. (Helloooo  hellloooo hellloooo...).The solution? Well we're not going to pull up the flooring so we went shopping for an area rug to help dampen the sound.  Name a store, any store and we visited it. Generally we found two things in common. One, area rugs can be very expensive and two, most rug salespeople don't have a clue what they're talking about.Bear in mind we weren't looking for a plain old rug. We wanted what could be described as an "oriental rug" but not fancy.  The salesman at Baker Brothers (Steve) was more than helpful. Rather than just pointing us at the racks and racks of rugs he asked us a bunch of questions. What colors? What's the room look like? Traditional? Modern? Children? Pets? Lot of foot traffic? After answering all of his questions he actually steered us clear of wool rugs and pointed to the less expensive man-made rugs (by the way, "less expensive" is a relative term).We found one that we liked but they didn't have it in stock in the size we wanted. So, what did Steve do? Let us take the smaller rug home to make sure we liked the colors in the room.  Nice guy.  We liked it and ordered its bigger brother which came in to town in about a week.Nice store, nice people, nice experience.  And, the echo is gone.
