4	Pina Colada, banana pudding, raspberry coconut lime, sweet potato, red velvet, strawberry, and chocolate are just a few of the slices of cheesecake sold here at Farrar's and I am ashamed to say that I have had quite a few slices from this little standalone booth located inside of 7th Street Station.  Each flavor has a slightly different crust and you can taste that they use only quality ingredients to come up with some of the best cheesecake in Charlotte.  The raspberry coconut lime would normally be the last flavor I would even think about ordering but after trying those flavors together it is now one of my favorites along with the pina colada......this place makes a very serious cheesecake if you're in the uptown area.  I was told that the restaurant Delta's serves their sweet potato cheesecake for dessert and I can certainly understand why.......yum times 3!  Oh, but do be prepared to open the wallet as the slices run about $6-$7 each.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVED Farrar's!!!!! Formally of 7th Street Market, now in South Park Mall outside of Belks, Farrar's has some fiiiinnnnneeeeee cheesecake! I stumbled upon the large refrigerator kiosk while stopping by the mall for a quick pick up. Farrar's stopped me in my tracks! I had a long internal gasp (and probably had my mouth open walking towards the kiosk) as I approached the cheesecake display. All of the little cheesecakes were so beautiful. I was able to sample (who doesn't love a sample?) the Praline cheesecake which was very good, a little sweet. I ended up getting the Red Velvet (my fav!!!!) and Sweet Potato. The color of the Red Velvet was so deep and rich, I almost didn't want to eat it. Gorgeous. It tasted good as well. I was so pleased! The Sweet Potato was also very good. Not overly sweet. They have a large variety of cheesecakes, a great alternative to the larger cheesecake factory, oops, I mean the larger restaurant in the mall that also serves cheesecake. I'm a supporter of this small business and when they get thier own shop, I'll be a regular!
1	Wish I could give more stars. However I just met some woman tonight at a fashion event... I am assuming that she works for this shop. When I asked "did you make the cupcakes! They were amazing ", she gave me a nasty reply with "the desserts?" Ummm! she could've simply said "yes" I made all of the desserts. This lady was a total complete bitch!  Not too sure who pissed in her cornflakes this afternoon. But I was just asking a question. I was actually very excited to meet the person who made these yummy cupcakes! So here's a thought to the woman with the nasty attitude.....Maybe that's the only dessert I was able to eat at the time! I'm sure the other desserts were good, BUT! Her attitude was absolutely disgusting! Everyone else saw her and started talking about her..... Very Unprofessional! I quickly dismissed her with a "NEVERMIND" after she snapped at me. Needless to say I will not ever come to this shop, and I will be sure to spread the word to everyone else.
