3	Oh, Chuck E. Cheese, how I have memories of hanging out in your urine-laden ball pit!  I took my nieces and nephew here yesterday for a small family birthday part for one of them and I noticed that although the ball pit is gone, the bodily waste wasn't.  Ah, children!First of all, the kids (4, 3 and 1 year) LOVED it.  The two older ones just went crazy on the smaller rides, playing the easy games and getting tickets and picking out their prizes.  They thought the pizza was absolutely de-voon.  They didn't see the wear and tear on the games - everything was perfect to them.  And hey, it's made for kids.  They're the ones they have to please.Of course, as an adult after I was able to see beyond the chaos, I noted that a lot of the games were broken or ate tokens (which we all know are precious Chuck E. Cheese commodities).  Of course the pizza was not good.  And although my  the kids didn't care, I was a little more than horrified to hear someone scream, "Dookie!" out of a tube slide.It ain't my cup o' tea, but it ain't supposed to be. But man am I glad I don't have kids of my own.
4	Brought my little guy here the other day to see how he reacted to such a place since he is just now 2yrs old. He just loved this place.But first ..when you walk in they stamp you and your kiddos with a black light sensitive stamp and the numbers have to match to the child you are trying to leave with in the end. I found this to be a great feature since you can never trust anyone these days.I was also glad to see there was no longer a germ laden ball pit. There was a huge climber thingy that was a bit to advanced for my little guy. But the games were all good for him. He loved the race car games the most.As for food..they have a little salad bar we decided to try for like 6 bucks. Not a huge variety of things but they had the basics and it was all freshly stocked by the kids that worked there.Of course I will be back..I have a toddler.
4	Staple in my household for six years now....We have had a birthday party there for at least one of my kids for the last six years.  This is the first year were it wasn't there package party in five years.  If you sign up for their emails, you can get great coupons. Then you can pop in for sodas and games.  Honestly, the pizza did get better.  It's not Pizza Hut, but not as yucky as it used to be!
3	Staff is really friendly!I really like the check in/ check out process they have going on here. Once you enter you and your child get stamped. This stamp is then checked again upon exit.  This lets you as a parent feel a little safer while your munchkin runs amok!I usually come during the day and haven't encountered any large crowds. That being said, it's an enjoyable time here. They do have a lot of broken down games which is what brings the rating down some for me. I also which the pizza was the way it used to be when I was a kid!  $6 gets you a "small" pizza that is actually not with it.
4	I always have a blast watching my kids have fun here at Chuck E Cheese. The salad bar is great and seems like the pizza has improve over the years.
4	We celebrated my daughters 4th birthday there today. Evey one was so friendly. Donovan was are party host and he was great! So nice and made sure everything was going well through the whole party. I couldn't have asked for a better host.  The lady behind the ticket counter was so sweet as well. She gave my birthday girl a little extra on her special day. This location is very clean and all the games were working as well. I think the only thing was the bathroom was a little out of order but nothing to make my day bad. I would return here without a doubt to have some family fun.
2	I can only give this place 2 stars simply because it just isn't nearly as fun as the one I remember from when I was younger.  This one only has some fairly lame video games, and a small tunnel system for kids to climb through.  Everything here is overly expensive.  Tokens themselves cost at least .30 cents per token, and kids win tickets playing games but unfortunately you have to spend about $500 dollars to get enough tickets for anything remotely cool.  The kids do like coming here, but kids are pretty easy to please when you throw some games and pizza in front of them.  I could get way better value taking my kid to the arcade museums we have here in the Las Vegas area.  The pizza is better than it was a few years ago, but it's still nto very good, not very big and cost about $20 for one pizza and 2 drinks.  There were several machines not working at all, with kids losing tokens because the games don't have any indication they won't work.  I came here for my son becaus the school was having some special school night here, but otherwise I would rather take my child to something more fun and more productive than this.  I have also been to kids parties here.  The parties always feel somewhat rushed by the young staff and is crazy expensive for what they actually give you.  2 stars because kids like it, bot nothing more because it's dirty, expensive, and the food isn't very good.    NOTE:  Parents do not seem to know how to watch their kids when here.  I always see kids stealing tokens off tables they don't belong too, and just kids in general runnning crazy with no supervision.  If you bring your kids here, I would hope you at least keep them being respectful and at least be aware of what thet are doing.
4	Was never a big Chuck E Cheese fan but these guys changed my mind. This location is the only Chuck E Cheese I've been to where the staff is constantly wiping down and disinfecting the games. The bathrooms was clean and well supplied. The staff was attentive, super friendly, energetic, interacted well with everybody and they were constantly bussing the tables. All the games worked just a few didn't give out tickets when it was suppose to but it didn't matter because every gAme was working. The kids had a blast, I had a blast everything that Chuck E Cheese is suppose to be happened today. Oh and the biggest plus when I first walked in I was NOT greeted by the overwhelming smell of socks like all the other ones I been to.
4	We love it here. Pizzas & sandwiches are good & staff is friendly. Always feels clean. Please fix ticket counter machine so there is more than 1 working.
4	I welcome the opportunity to say something good about one of these places.  Usually they are filthy and the pizza sucks.  The place is clean and pizza doesn't taste like cardboard.
4	Seems clean but this must be a very small location because most of the ones in California are really big! Also staff was nice.
1	I grew up in San Jose California where there still stands a 3 story Chuck E Cheese with full giant sized animatronics, a whole top floor of arcade machines and enough rides for about 20 kids to be on one at the same time.  None of these memories will my kids fondly remember.  If they remember anything at all it will probably be the time mommy almost had to bite her tongue from going vato loco on some absurd "Green Valley has-been" W.T. mom who was rude and vulgar after her daughter tried to steal something from our table.  From which the manager came in and completely ignored the fact that we were being discriminated against and took the anglo's side, of course.  Just a taste of the management from this location.All that aside it is always crowded, even on weekdays.  The machines are rarely all working.  Even though there are maybe 20 games tops and about 8-10 kiddie rides for the toddlers.  You can expect this Chucks to be as HOOD as it gets.  Go to the one Eastern & 95.  Just believe me on this.
4	Came with my bestie a the kids had a blast.  Fresh food and nice young staff!   Not to bad...day after Christmas fun!
4	Wonderful staff and lots of fun games. They just increased some of the games to 2 tokens, but still a great deal.
