4	Not gourmet but solid every time. The folks are always very nice and the good is delicious.
4	Good place for take out.  They are consistent and fast. Everyone is nice and the delivery guys are very nice as well.  I agree with Stephanie C. in that they will modify anything - which is a big plus! I especially like their Singapore Mei Fun and if I have a hankering for fried food, I order the Sesame Chicken.
5	Ma Ma Wok is a jewel.  If you look around most of the other businesses in the little strip mall come and go overnight yet Ma Ma remains.  There's a reason.  The place is very well run and obviously cared for by the folks behind it.  It's always clean and things are consistently busy.  They get good food out hot and fresh.  And it's consistently excellent.  We've tried many of the dishes without a disappointment.  Some of the dishes are on par with the best Chinese food I've had (Seattle, San Francisco, Vancouver).  Most are at least on par with any other Chinese place in town.  If you're a snob, this place is not for you.  It's simple, spartan decor is about efficiency not elegance.  If you dine in you might sit between landscapers and lawyers.  And if you do dine in, or carry out, or have your food delivered, don't hesitate to ask for what you want.  They can modify most of their orders with great ease and are happy to do so.  If you are in the Blakeney area do yourself a favor and give Ma Ma a try.
4	great Chinese food cooked and served quickly. very pleasant staff.  bare bones seating area, but they make it up in the quality and taste of the food.
5	Ma Ma Wok is the best "fast-food" Chinese place on the Southside. Always well-cooked delicious meals, timely and friendly service. A+
5	Best Chinese food around.  Definitely take out rather than dine in but that's okay.  The food is terrific and the people are nice. Haven't ever been unhappy with anything we've ordered. Food is always fresh, delicious,  and hot. They now offer online ordering (very easy and convenient) and home delivery.  We've tried other Chinese restaurants over the years but always come back here. Definitely our favorite!
5	Great food, big portions, fast delivery. When i think Chinese food I think MA MA Wok
3	This is clearly a take out establishment. Interior is lacking anything gteat, including a dated fountain machine. However, the food is good Americanized  versions of Chinese food. Like the open kitchen so after eating in I can see what's up. Kung Pao was perfect on spice but a little suacy. Fried rice on point. I'd do it agian but get it delivered...too bad I'm in uptown which is too far.
4	Always good. I am generally not a Chinese food fan but I found this place maybe a year ago and ever since I eat it regularly. I especially love the egg drop soup. We usually take it to go. Definitely great for a casual night in!
