4	I really felt the tech had some experience. though there was some sales techniques the tech did seem to only focus on what was necessary and took his time explaining each reccomendation. He was seemingly young. That was my only concern. As for the prices. Very relative to the other companies with in the valley. Service was outstanding. Could of been quicker with the job but then again it isn't easy. And there maintenence contract seemed more valuable then the others.^^^ hope this helps. Not alot on acclaim but that's the just of it.
1	1st - Don't get on their calling list. They hounded my wife for weeks with multiple phone calls each day. (That should be a dead give away, but my wife still let them come for a "FREE" inspection)2nd - OVERPRICED!! I feel that the price we paid for services does not equal the price for parts and labor.  3 Hours of labor at $65/hr would be $195. The parts replaced included a Dual Run Capacitor 60/5 $38.49 a Dual Run Capacitor 50/5 $12.99  and 2 Double Pole / 2 Pole 40 Amp 240v Condenser Contactor Relay $26.99 (53.98) The total at these prices would come to $300.46 plus taxes. Granted, that is Amazon prices, so I called another A/C guy to get a quote. He's quote was out the door $400 including taxes. But he went on to ask if the A/C unit was running. When I told him that it was he asked "Then why do you want to replace those parts?" I told him for maintenance, he said in his opinion that was unnecessary.  So now I feel like I not only paid more than we should have paid, but that the repairs were not even necessary.  We paid $727.32. Ouch. Which was with a "Maintenance plan discount" since we were on some plan...?3rd - RUDE! I called to complain about the price and explain my reasons for not being satisfied. The first guy tried to sell me on how shocked he was and how much everybody loves them. I asked him to tell me how much the hourly rate was for their techs. He couldn't or wouldn't give me a price per hour. He said, let me see if I can get my boss on the phone. I could then hear the muffled conversation he was having with another guy. "What's his problem???...We aren't as cheap as amazon? DID AMAZON TELL HIM WHAT WAS BROKEN?? Tell him we will call him back." 4th - No follow up call. But wait... I had actually forgotten about this until... Ring. Ring. Ring. They recently started calling again. I answered one of their calls, "Is this the boss or owner that promised to call?"  Not shockingly it was not the owner calling to fix their problem but it was another aggressive salesman trying to sell us on the FREE check up maintenance plan we have with them.
