5	This place is friggen AWESOME.  I've been a bare minerals girl for a couple of years now, but I've always gotten my gear online...until now.I was window shopping around the Fashion Show mall the other day and decided to go into the Bare Escentuals (bare minerals distributor) store to see what they had to offer.  Ladies, this is the MAKE-UP MECCA.  Everything you want, right there at your fingertips.  Best part about it is they did my make up for me!  They showed me all these cool tricks with concealer and eyeshadow...geez - stuff I wish I'd known how to do in college.All in all, a great girly girl experience.  And the best part is, no more waiting for my shipment to come in!
5	I stumbled on to the Bare Minerals make up line by accident. I thought the displays were pretty and I loved the variety of eyeshadow colors (for me...it doesn't get much better than green, frosty sea foam blue or purple eyeshadow). I go into the store (on the day after Christmas no less) and it was crowded (makes sense...they have a great product). I am a patient person and I am well aware that the world doesn't revolve around ME...so I was more than fine waiting and browsing. No need because Kendra came up to me quick as lightning. She was ever so helpful in choosing a blush and concealer to give me more coverage (i'm getting old so I need more help). Her and I had a great conversation (as we both moved to Vegas from Denver) and a few laughs. She was awesome and great at applying makeup. Love Bare Minerals make up (it makes your face look naturally pretty...not skanky) and Love Bare Escentuals store (see Kendra for all your makeup and skin care needs).
5	I absolutely LOVE Bare Escentuals makeup. I started wearing makeup in my early 20's, and quickly stumbled upon this line. Its all natural, so its good for your skin, and being a loose powder it feels like you dont have anything on at all. But, I am digressing from the fact that this is a review of the STORE, and not the makeup itself. Going back on point, it is SO MUCH BETTER to shop for their makeup in one of the boutiques as opposed to going to a store like Sephora. Why?SELECTION.If you go to a Sephora store, they will only have a small handful of the different eyeshadows/blushes/etc in stock. You go into the store, and you're amazed by the wide range of shades and colors available. It's like walking into a rainbow, except the rainbow is tiny pots of color all laid out on a table for the employees to work their magic on you.I brought my friend in because she really needed to update her makeup. I suggested she check out this line because since she rarely wears it, it would be something that could last for a while, as well as give her the flexibility in amount of coverage and color she wants.The salesperson we had (I'm sad I didn't get her name), promptly showed my friend different colors and techniques to apply the make up on. She patiently answered all the questions my friend had, and even did up her eyes completely at my friend's request. She explained the different brushes, and how she achieved the look and everything. My friend was ridiculously happy and walked out with her brand new makeup confident that she could replicate the look herself.  She even color matched me to make sure that I was using the correct shade still (which I was!).Another benefit of purchasing the set at the store is that you get a different "freebie" inside the kit as opposed to Sephora. At Sephora you get a small tube of the foundation primer, but at the store you get a full tube of the brush wash, which I think is more valuable than the small primer sample.I can't wait to go to my local Bare Escentuals store now and pick up some new eyeshadows!
5	Is it possible to come here and walk out with nothing? Uhm no! :) lol If you come here you'll likely have one of their sales/make-up artists help with color selection and basically help you play with different eye shadow colors.  It's always so much fun to get a different perspective about different colors, and make-up techniques for your skintone.  You don't get this personal shopping experience elsewhere, and I love it.  I also love that the mineral makeup is so light and feels like you aren't wearing make-up at all.  I'm a Bare Escentuals girl for life!
4	If you are interested in mineral makeup, even if you already use it and just want to restock your supply, it's worth a visit to one of their boutiques.  This well-appointed little boutique near Neiman Marcus inside the Fashion Show Mall on the Las Vegas Strip is a quiet, calm, happy oasis.  The very helpful staff quickly got me into a chair and tried a few different day and evening eye makeup looks (what I walked into the store for.)  They also checked to make sure my daily routine is working, including confirming that the shades I use still fit my skin tone.  I really appreciate that there was no attempt to sell me things I didn't need.  Very low pressure, very friendly, very easy-going.  I learned some simple new techniques which I will incorporate into my daily makeup routine at home.If you are a regular, get a punch-card, which entitles you to free products.  One potential drawback for visitors to Las Vegas is the insanely high Strip sales tax -- 8.1%!  But other than that, definitely worth a visit.
5	I have been here several times and each time it has been a great experience. I am sort of a makeup junkie, especially Bare Escentuals (I've pretty much been a loyalist since I was a teenager) and everyone here is so knowledgeable about the products. Returns/exchanges have always been easy as well. I also appreciate how they don't work on commission, that they just want to give you products that you need/want to spend on. The selection and kits here are awesome. A word of warning to anyone thinking about converting: never fall in love with anything from a kit. The colors are often just kit-specific and don't exist as individual products. (Love u, citrine radiance. come back to me, pls.) If ever you want to try mineral makeup, BE is where it's at. Don't go for the cheap stuff, because it won't last and won't give you the result that you want--believe me, I have tried to get out of spending $27 per unit of foundation and it just isn't the same! Try it out--they take everything back with receipts and have a very generous, flexible return policy!
