4	Went to this store in need of a "no bark" system for my dog. I purchase the sonic sound brand. When it came down to buying a shock collar I could not do it. I read some reviews on the leading brands and the responses were mixed. Some owners said that it worked miracles and others said that it negatively affected their dogs behavior. The sales person that helped me was polite and very helpful. I love that they have a self serve treat station. My puppy Charlie loves treats and they work great while training. Still working on getting him to go outside but taking it one day at a time. For now the puppy pads will do :-) Im interested in the training pad that looks like grass...kinda expensive though. Recently my puppy has started to give me a fight when I go to clip his nails. So the sales person suggested a calming agent. I also bought a different kind of nail clipper and some blood stopper. I would suggest this for any person who is no comfortable with clipping their dogs nails. I know it seems simple (only cut the white part) but some dogs have the black nails also. This blood stopper works wonders, we used it at the vet clinic interned at. I will be returning to this store for all my future pet needs.*I believe I saw a vaccine schedule if you need to get your dog/cats shots up to date.
4	My wife and I drove our crazy whippet/jack russell mix ALLLLL the way out to this Petco location because it's the only location that does the shot clinic on Sundays. That's a bonus for someone that works Tuesday through Saturday! There was a line about 15 dogs deep when we got there but the techs were fast and efficient. We stood in line for about 20 minutes, and the actual application of the shots were quick and painless for our little princess!! We will definitely be back... when my other dogs need their shots
3	Had some time to kill, so I stopped by this place to see if there was anything on sale that I could pick up for the pooches.  They had some treats on sale that help with old hips & joints...so I picked some up for our older dog.While I was here, I browsed the animals for sale....while I enjoy looking at them, I will never buy one from a store, we adopt from shelters.Return Factor - 60%
4	A good store, kinda busy sometimes but not as busy as pet shops I've seen in other locations. The staff are always helpful and friendly, the animal cages & fish aquariums seem to be well-maintained.
