3	stopped by this place for a quick beer and what did i find on the menu, to my delight?  cheese curds... the girls working the front desk at my hotel kept raving about the local fried cheese curds... fried cheese curds are similar to mozzarella sticks but they're not.  i don't want to get into a long explanation involving texture and taste so to keep it short and sweet, it's fried cheese, dude.. what more can you ask for?the service was great and local beers were pretty good.  try the spotted cow.
1	First time I went there I ordered a Reuben and was it was served with roast beef, the waitress and manager insisted it was corned beef.  The table next to us ordered a Reuben and the same server told them they were out of corned beef.  I was refused a refund or another menu item.  The server had the audacity to ask why we didn't tip her when we paid the bill.  This type of service I have found typical of many Madison restaurants, the owner is never there and the place is staffed with teenagers.Second visit I was dragged along with some employees for Taco Tuesday, for the price it was decent but I won't go back there.S K I P   T H I S   P L A C E.
1	My mom and I went there for St. Patrick's Day and had a very bad experience. We arrived around 11:30 and the place was starting to fill up.  We were the first two on the wait list. The host did not notice there was an empty table and went to clear it after we pointed it out. It was a booth, and the host insisted on sitting my mom and I "family style" with two strangers, as the wait list was starting to grow. We didn't like that idea and said we'd wait for a smaller table to open up. The host grunted, started walking toward the booth and promptly turned around and yelled at us to follow her. We decided to leave. We understood that St. Pat's day is probably an unusally busy day for them, but we were treated very unprofessionally.
2	I went here for a couple after work drinks and a quick bite to eat with some friends. It was very meh. We were there around 6 on a Tuesday and the place was pretty dead. The happy hour drink specials were alright, but nothing spectacular. My friends only ordered beers so I can't comment on how strong they make their drinks. I had a cheeseburger with waffle fries. The burger was decent. The bun was nice and the meat to cheese to bun ratio was good. The waffle fries were very disappointing. There seemed to be more batter than potato or something and they were overly crisp and dry. They were supposed to be seasoned as well, but I couldn't taste anything special. The bartender was friendly, but when we moved to a table to eat, the waitress was a bit over attentive. I get that the place was slow, but you don't need to ask us every 2 minutes if we are ready to order and then reach across in front of people still eating to remove other people's plates.
1	A bar like O'Grady's is what happens when a drunk makes the misguided decision to open a bar to support his habit: bad food, poor service, overpriced beer and an overall indifference to customers.
2	So much hatred for this place!  I though, will always know it as the first place we ate when we visited Madison.  It's definitely a hole in the wall, though by the signage all over the place, I could envision it getting pretty busy on the weekends and at night (we went for a mid-week lunch at 2 o'clock in the afternoon).The food was OK - I had a salad and we tried fried cheese curds for the first time.  It's just cheese, apparently, that's been fried.  Somehow I had been expecting more.  Unfortunately, the service was not great.  There were about 4 tables worth of people in there, and it still took forever to get everything.
2	I had the special (a chicken sandwich) and it was okay.  I've only been once and it seemed a little pricey...but I could be wrong.  I will probably head back sometime though.  Good place to play Trivia on Tuesday.
4	Great cheese curds and one of the best places to watch a Packers game. I mean if you go into a dive bar expecting amazing food then that is your own fault. But for bar food they are pretty good.
4	O'Grady's always reminds me I'm home for the holidays. I love coming in here for a drink with friends to catch up. The bartenders are very friendly and it doesn't take them long to remember your name. The atmosphere is pleasantly diverse with friends, college students, sports fans, and working class heroes.The food here is great for a small pub. I love their wraps, burgers, and onion rings. During sports games and the weekend this place is busy, and the bartenders continue to impress with fast and effective service.Don't shy away from this place, it's friendly and enjoyable.
1	OMG...the service was HORRIBLE.  The food mediocre.  The server was NOT busy.  Stopped by for sandwich on Sunday mid afternoon...so not busy.  There was one one other table besides ours.  We ordered club pub sandwiches.  The order came up and sat on the hot table while our server texted and talked to co workers.   She finally served us, without napkins or flat ware.  I had to go to these bar to ask for napkins and a knife.  OMG, "here you go, I will give you a knife AND A FORK..." novel concept!  Then we requested a diet coke, and because she was so BUSY texting and talking on her phone, Moshe forgot.  We sat there for at least 25 min before she came back to the table.  The other party wanted another glass of wine, but she never came back to check so needless to say, we got no diet coke and not another glass of wine.  Upon finishing our sandwiches, she stated oh, I guess you are done.  Never asked if we wanted anything else (I wanted another glass of wine, my companion still had not received her diet coke), but we chose to leave since she was so BUSY on her phone texting and calling other people.  She offered to give us a "go diet coke", but never addressed the additional glass of wine.  I will NEVER go back again.  Don't know if they changed management or what, but the place and service SUCKS.  GO SOMEWHERE that is reputable and good service.  They employ the s um of the earth with more ink on their body than on the menu!
3	I stopped in for a lunch the other day.  Meh.   not impressed.  I had a "tuna melt" - which ended up being a bland tuna sandwich on toasted bread.  Onion rings were from a frozen bag....lame.
1	Am still trying to get the metallic taste of the special meatloaf out of my mouth.  I would never eat at this craphole if you paid me.  Ugh.  Anyone who posts a positive review of this dump has no taste buds.
3	Have been their twice in the last 6 weeks. The food was just fine. Had appetizers the first time and burgers the next. No complaints.
1	PLEASE IF YOU ARE GOING TO CALL YOURSELF A $#$#@#$ IRISH PUB, SERVE IRISH FOOD ON MORE THAN JUST WEDNESDAYS. THANK YOU.Also - our server did not know ANYTHING about the menu. Her exact words were, "I don't know anything about the food, I just serve it". All I asked was if their ravioli were made fresh or frozen, and my fiance' asked if their French fries still had the skin on them. She didn't know the answer to either question, and she didn't offer to go find out.Thankfully, I avoided the ravioli, but my fiance' ordered the fries anyway... and they came - with skins on.So I ordered the rib eye, rare... it came perfect. Ordered with it, a bowl of clam chowder (was home-made, yes, but under seasoned & tasted like a cream soup with clams instead of a clam chowder). I took a side of fresh fruit... what I got was 1 slice of pineapple... 2 slices of cantaloupe that were not ripe.. and 2 dried out orange slices... quite depressing.My fiance' ordered the grilled cheese w/fries - again, fries came with skins on, so she had them sent back and asked for the fruit... she got more pineapple than I did, but her orange slices were dry, and her cantaloupe was not ripened enough.
3	Good beer and good food. 0
3	A nice clean sports bar. For lunch had the grilled cajun tuna sandwich, the special, with hash browns. The Cajun spice was understated, but this is the Midwest and one would not expect real spicy food. It came with a spicy mayo on the side. the mayo was interesting but not what I consider Cajun. The sandwich was good just not Cajun. The hash browns were homemade and very good.The service at noon was good. The waiter did everything that I expected from a waiter.I thought the pricing was in line for a Madison eating establishment.
4	Good food, Good drinks, cheap and bar tenders are friendly. ENOUGH SAID.
4	First of all, I don't know why there are two of these on Yelp when there definitely only needs to be one. Anyway, we went for the fish fry and it was really good! Nice breading, very light and crispy. The fries are out of this world! I forgot how good they were so I ordered the hash browns which were only okay. I do have to wonder why they don't give you seconds on the sides during their all you can eat Friday fish fry. It seems that it would be cheaper to dole out fries as well as fish since potatoes are cheaper than seafood. Anyway, not sure why it's not rated higher. I'm definitely willing to go again!
