5	This is a hard review to write. This is not a place pet owners look forward to visiting. During an emergency when your fluffy loved one isn't feeling too well and you're at a loss on what to do, this is the place you hope to find to fix your furry friend.Last weekend we had an incident with our chihuahua, Oliver. He was extremely under the weather and we needed to get some emergency help. I located this 24-hour emergency and critical care center and rushed my little guy over there. The staff met us at the door and took Ollie to the back to treat him, while I met with the intake specialist to discuss what was wrong with him and give them his information.The staff was extremely kind and sympathetic. They kept us informed about Ollie's condition regularly and when they had us meet with the vet to discuss possible treatments and outcomes. They discussed everything clearly and concisely to help us understand without using too many complicated or confusing terms. After all was said and done, our little Ollie is doing just fine now and we're so thankful for the TLC given to him and our family. it was a harrowing night, but I'm very appreciative for the wonderful staff at this emergency facility.
1	Please, if you love your pet, do NOT bring them here!  Our cat was hit by a car last night, and we rushed her over here since it was close to home.  The only thing they seemed concerned about was getting us to approve their $3,100.00+ 'estimate'.  I just wanted to know the extent of her injuries,  so I can make the decision whether or not to take her to my own vet in the morning.  Their 'low' estimate was over $1,800.00 so I refused to sign it, but authorized them to charge up to $900.00 on my credit card to get her on pain meds right away and look after her that evening until I can go to my regular vet.  And I assumed an x-ray was standard procedure in a case like this. (Other emergency vets charged me $600 which included x-rays)  Attached is their estimate for the surgery they would also perform (funny, how do they know what to do without an x-ray?)...so grand total could be over $6,000!!You would think that with blood coming out of my cat's eyes and nose, they would at LEAST X-ray her to see if she had any internal injuries or skull fractures.  NOPE!   Dr. Cole was so uncaring and a bit condescending in his attitude...a very cold individual, in my opinion.  He said I refused diagnostics, which is BS...I WANTED them to x-ray her to make sure there were no life threatening injuries, but they seemed more concerned about getting their outrageous fees then helping my cat.  He then proceeded to tell me how much it costs to run a place like that to justify why they were gouging me.  I'm sure it's not cheap, but all I wanted was an x-ray included in the $900.00 agreed upon charge.  Sheesh.  I took her to my regular vet at Sahara Pines in the morning (they are AWESOME!) and told my doctor about my experience.  He was shocked that they didn't x-ray an animal that was hit by a car.  He said that is the first thing they do.  Plus, he is genuinely concerned about the animals, and it shows.I really have a problem with VECC's lack of compassion.  I feel sorry for anyone who has the misfortune of ending up here.  They do not care about your pet's welfare, just $$$$!  And although the tech that worked there was kind, I feel Dr. Cole needs to go into another line of work that he actually has a passion for...I will never go there again!
1	If I could give zero stars I would. This facility and it's "doctors" KILLED OUR DOG.   Frank Fasanella Dvm in particular. Las Vegas Dog Parents BEWARE. please share and keep your dog and other dogs safe and away from butcher's like this. ALL THIS PLACE CARES ABOUT IS YOUR MONEY.  They will do anything.  Even willfully recommend surgery on a 15yr old dog without telling you the risks!  This is not a matter of just my opinion...DR. FASANELLA WAS FOUND GUILTY by the Nevada State Veterinary Board. He was fined and now has a disciplinary action on his file. You can view it here: https://www.nvvetboard.us/DataTier/Documents/Repository/0/0/0/0/74c80a0f-4e4b-4536-822e-27cbd4070661.PDF  PLEASE SHARE THIS INFORMATION. Because our babies (pets) are viewed as property - this case can only ever be a civil one and Vets like this rarely lose their licenses or suffer much more than a slap on the wrist. By sharing and networking these types of doctors we can help all animal lovers not suffer the same loss we did. Nothing will ever bring her back but hopefully our sharing of this situation will ensure it doesn't happen to anyone else's baby. FRANK FASANELLA DVM KILLED OUR DOG. BEWARE. Here are two other similar complaints!  http://www.ripoffreport.com/veterinarians/ve-cc/ve-cc-vecc-dog-owners-beware-57e0f.htm#http://www.yelp.com/biz/veterinary-emergency-and-critical-care-las-vegas#hrid:LaLrPKdw6mEyjzZj5GlliAYou can view our beautiful baby in all her glory - before this butcher and the butchers at Veterinary Emergency and Critical Care Center killed herhttps://www.facebook.com/pages/Bears-Angels/265568876801720
4	With all the pets we own we have unfortunately visited emergency rooms over the years, sometimes not with a happy ending.  Thankfully this visit has a happy ending.  We had never taken the time to locate an emergency vet clinic and I am so happy that we found VECC.  Our youngest French Bulldog's left eye looked horribly deformed all of a sudden.   In all our years of rescue and ownership I had never seen anything like this.  I was so worried that it was a serious injury.  A quick Internet search and off we went to the clinic.We were greeted warmly and our information was gathered.  Even while our info was being gathered a nurse took a quick look at our girl to make sure she was OK.  We were then taken to an examination room.  Another nurse came, SAT ON THE FLOOR with our dog and gathered more detailed medical information.  She was warm, caring and made us feel very comfortable.Our pup was taken back to the doctor where she was examined by him.  Dr. Fasanella then came in and explained what he thought it was and our choices to further determine it.  We came to a decision together and off he went to numb her eye and really get a good look.  He was awesome, kept us informed and really took care of our baby girl.We were in and out of there in less than an hour and it cost us less than it would have cost at our regular vet.  I am so happy we found this clinic, now when we are in Vegas I know that no matter of the time our pets will have someone there for them.Thank you VECC and Dr. Fasanella!!!  Penelope sends you her doggy kisses.
5	Dr.s Mason and Burr are the best!!!
5	My sweet pet was recently released from VE-CC and is now on insulin 2  x a day. I am still shaky with the needles and Brianne (sp) was very understanding and we arranged that I could bring my dog in - (I supply the needles/insulin) and they would help me with the shot.  Thank goodness they are less than 10 min from my home and are open 24x7. Thanks Brianne!
5	They save my cat.
5	In times of critical need, I have always found comfort that this hospital exists.  I cannot thank them enough for the incredible work they do for my and my entire family of four legged babies.
5	They were absolutely amazing taking care of our Shadow especially after the bad experience I had at another facility.  They really cared about our dog they explained everything in a way that made sense they were going to perform blood work prior to treating our puppy which made more sense than the previous place that said they would not do blood work until after the antivenin.  They looked him over and saw a healthy puppy other than the swelling they suggested keeping him overnight and we agreed.  They let us spend time with Shadow before they took him in for more tests and said they would know for certain in a couple of hours and when I spoke to them they let us know there was nothing wrong with his blood work and we could pick him up in the morning.  We got a call in the morning to pick him up and I can't say enough about how great they were with us and Shadow.  And all for  10 x less the price than the other animal hospital.
1	Do NOT I repeat do NOT take your animal here.  These people are money hungry.  I took my dog here twice because I literally had no option or at least I didn't think I had another option because of the day and time I had incidents with my dog.  The first time I took my Boxer dog there was on a Sunday evening before a major holiday and he had hives and couldn't breathe properly.  Frank who looked like he was fresh out of vet school didn't know what caused the hives.  He couldn't piece anything together, then wanted him to stay overnight.  I turned that down because I know hives are not life threatening.  I was given some antibiotics and paid $170 for that.  2nd time was a lot more serious as he needed immediate attention as he was throwing up white foam every 30 minutes then finally when he arrived he was throwing up blood mixed in.  Spent 2 hours in that place and everytime Dr. Porterwood came in to talk to me it was always more options that just kept on getting more and more expensive.  I had an xray done to see if there was anything he might've swallowed and then did bloodwork and the xray didn't show much of anything and everything looked normal and the bloodwork just showed the normal signs of him being dehydrated from not being able to hold any water.   So I left him there for about 4 hours from 3:30 am till 7:30 am so he could get fluids, when I picked him up it only got worse as I rushed him to a REAL Veterinary practice (Sahara Animal Hospital) where he on the way there he was drooling and then upon arrival spat out a puddle of liquid mixed with blood with a really foul smell which was later told to me by Dr. Arteaga is the smell of death.  Dr. Arteaga took in my Boxer for 3 whole days and nursed him back to health and basically saved his life as I was told he was dying.  I later found out that what my Boxer had was a fairly new virus going around that's called circovirus and is very deadly if not attended to right away.  So just be aware that this place isn't out for the care of your animal but they're out to make their wallets fatter.  They'll try to run all sorts of tests that aren't necessary until your run out of cash.  If anyone reading this want the number to a real veterinarian who will take care of your animal no matter what time or what day then please feel free to contact me.
5	There comes a time when a pet owner just has to go to ER for their pet. I was in Las Vegas visiting my brother (and of course the nightlife) with my baby german shepherd. This is my GSD's fifth or sixth time in Vegas and this has been the only time he has ever had to see a vet down here. I brought him in after I found blood in his poop and all over his tail! I was in a panic. He had possibly thrown up or just couldn't hold the diarrhea in my brother's apartment. I let him out and he was constipated but with runny poo and then blood! I was crying because this has never happened to him before! So I hopped on Yelp to find a vet to attend to his urgent needs. I found Veterinary Emergency and Critical Care because it was literally down the street.Anyways the reviews are def spot on. The vet and the lady at the front desk was so nice and informative. I was seen immediately as soon I walked right in. The vet and his assistant were kind and really made the time to get to know my dog. I loved how they gave me options of treatment before just doing something and charging me $$. We all probably experienced a time when someone just charges you the most expensive treatment which was not even needed! Like all other emergency services, a one time visit is $95 dollars not including the treatment yet... Yes pricey. But I definitely recommend coming here for emergency needs for your four legged friends. Nicest and most genuine vets I've met!
5	With the misfortune of having to take my Chihuahua/Yorkie Terrier to the ER for having a bone lodged in her throat, VECC did an EXCELLENT job of providing her comfort and relief.  Yes, emergency care for your pet IS expensive!  Had it NOT been for the persistence and compassion of Dr Sarah Korf, my family would have had to say 'goodbye' to our beloved Evie.Hats off and Hugs to Dr. Sarah Korf and Joseline for a JOB WELL DONE for saving the life of Evie!!!  THANK YOU!!!!!
4	Had an excellent terrible experience here.Was referred here by my Vet (Haven Animal Hospital -Great BTW) due to Chief being in bad condition and needing the attention of specialists. My 10 year old English Bulldog was seriously weak and unwell.Came here on a Saturday and learned my dog had cancer. Dr. Weatherton was excellent and did a spectacular job of laying out all of the facts and the likelihood of various possibilities of recovery. All of my questions were answered in an easy to understand manner with lots of relevant details and the costs.  In the end it was abundantly clear that any of the choices would prolong the suffering of an old dog at the end of his life so we had to put my best friend down. It was a terrible experience but Dr. Weatherton made things as easy as they could be.The place is definitely expensive. No doubt about that.
4	Pros: I love the staff here. There Friendly and truly care about the welfare of your pets. I wouldn't take my dog any where else. I especially enjoy the rehab technicians and the ophthalmology department. Cons: It's gonna cost u every time u come here. But for my pet I pay for quality not quantity of care he gets. The choice is inevitably yours. I would definitely tell you to give these folks a try.
1	Don't trust them.These guys will size you up, and get as much money from you as they possibly can.We applied for credit through them, they did testing and applied other charges to bring the bill up to the maximum credit, then told us that there was nothing they could do and put her down.They could have done an x-Ray, but instead did an MRI for 5x the cost.Thanks for fleecing us before you put our dog down.Also: the doctors and vet tech/assistants were incredibly insensitive and caused my dog unnecessary pain.  The doctor moved her around aggressively and the assistant tried to lift her up by grabbing her by the feet and lifting, despite my dog having knee and back problems.
4	Mama Gump had the right idea when she said, "Life is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get." What would've been more helpful advice though, is what to do when your Fido EATS the box of chocolates. YES. I came home one night to find my dog curled up in bed after having YOLO'ed way too hard over an entire box. As in, more than one piece. So what's a concerned pet owner to do? 1. Panic. 2. Google "Fatality rates for dogs after eating chocolate." 3. Call a friend. When he says this has never happened to his dog, panic more.4. Consult Yelp for a 24-hour vet.5. Drive like a maniac. I called ahead to see if I could get a ballpark on the service, but without seeing my canine, it was pretty up in the air. The vet was quick to explain the what they had done - induce vomiting, give him painkillers, etc., then walk me through what to expect during recovery, leaving me much more at ease. More than $100+ later, I learned my lesson that my pet sure loves instant gratification. I'm pretty sure he learned his too - THE MORNING AFTER SUCKS LIKE A MOFO.
5	Brought my 1yr old French Bulldog in here this morning after he had an allergic reaction to something.  His normal vet down the street wouldnt be able to see him until later on in the day and that just didnt work for me.  I called them and they said  to bring him on in, soon as we walked in they took him to the back to examine him.  From the moment I walked in the door until the time I left I was pleased with the visit I had.  The cost was way less than I expected and this was before hours too.  They ended up giving him an injection and steroid to help make the swelling go down.  He had bumps all over his hind legs, his wrinkles under his eyes were swollen and his breathing was starting to get raspy.  So glad this place is close to our house, the doctor that explained everything to me even offered to let him stay there for observation at no extra charge until unch time.  If I ever have to take our babies to the emergency clinic again after hours I will definitely bring them back here based on the quick service and good care they took of my fury baby!!
1	Will never go there again, and I will tell everyone I know not to go there either. Brought in a dog that was hit  by a car. this is my letter to the clinic director. I have not gotten a response. To: Dean PennimanFrom: De SimonRe:Patient Diamond C. and Ashley Love 12-30-13Mr. Penniman,                        I would like to start by saying I have never written to a company or organization to complain about the services I have received, but I can't get past this one. It has been bothering me for months. Diamond C.is a pit bull who was hit by a car going about 45 mph and brought into your clinic just after 8pm. I called Durango Animal Hospital first and they recommend we come to you since dog vs auto was your specialty and they were closing. My son and his friend T.C brought Diamond in immediately, she was hit at Ft. Apache/Tropicana intersection (5-10 minutes ). When I arrived at the clinic Diamond was in the back and T.C and my son were waiting in an exam room. It was made clear in the beginning by T.C that money was an issue,  After that the tech was the only one we saw, she said if we could only spend a few hundred dollars then  supportive care for a few days would be best . I asked if  x-rays could be done so we could see if supportive care was needed, because if Diamond needed thousands of dollars in medical treatment or was injured beyond repair then there was no need to put her through any more. I stated that to the tech, she went to the back to talk with the vet and then came back still talking about supportive care and how they didn't think there was any serious damage since Diamond could stand when she came in. I asked how the could be sure there was no serious damage without x-rays and also 80 lb dog against a car doing 45 mph is a bad combination and I didn't see how she wasn't seriously injured. The tech said they would do x-rays tomorrow if needed. I asked why not now because we didn't have the money for an overnight stay and if she was seriously hurt she shouldn't suffer.  The tech said start with supportive care  and go from there or we could take her home and then to a vet in the morning. Are you confused yet? I know i was by this point. She needed to stay for supportive care but she wasn't seriously injured , We wanted to pay for x-rays so we could get a better idea of what was going on but they didn't want to do them and we were not going to pay for a few days in an emergency clinic without them. So we decided to take her home and to our vet in the morning.   I still have not seen Diamond while this whole thing was going on. When the tech brought her out she was laid out on a small gurney covered with a blanket unable to move, I said to the tech I don't think she can move. She said" Diamond is sedated, I can get her up if you want to see her stand up. " .  I said no, leave her alone. She was heavily sedated and again if she wasn't seriously injured , why? When we got her home we carried her in and laid her on a blanket. She didn't try to move, even as the sedative and pain meds wore off. She did moan all night .She looked kind of crooked in the back end but I thought it was just the way she was laying. We gave her the oral meds and waited for morning. She wouldn't stand again.We took her to Sunrise Animal Hospital, I've been taking my animals there for the past 25 years. I may not always like what I'm told there but I get the truth. Dr. Henderson examined her and found that her pelvis was crushed,  no pain response or feeling in her back legs, pale gums, and stomach bloat= internal bleeding  that was found without x-rays. Dr. Henderson recommended we put her down. Either Ashley Love is incompetent or cruel. What ever the case may be , you should know about it. Perhaps you already do and don't care. I don't know.I do know his dog should have been put down in your clinic not moved around and made to endure more discomfort. I knew when I saw her on the gurney she was done and even if we left her there for "supportive care"  we would have a huge bill and then have to put her down anyway. Remember 45 mph.Diamond was a sweet and gentle pit bull who deserved better. She was in a considerable amount of pain the last 10 hours of her life and never lashed out at anyone while we carried and transported her across town. The only time she really tried to move was right before she was put down, Tyler was saying goodbye to her and crying, she lifted her head and licked his face. That was one of the saddest things I have ever seen.We were just looking for an honest evaluation and that's not what we got.RegretfullyDe Simon
5	This place treated us well. Unfortunately our little 2 1/2 year old Yorkie, Mimi came in with a real bad allergy attack that shut down her insides. After several days and staying optimistic she did not get better. She had kidney failure and had to be put to sleep. The staff was very friendly and the doctors we talked to treated us great. Thank you to all of you!! I can tell you guys are true animal lovers and caring individuals.
5	My pooch suffered a ruptured eye and this place has a doggie Ophthalmologist on staff. The care and attention he received was wonderful.  I recommend this place for all your pets emergency needs.
1	Well I will say they helped my baby boy get out of pain... Thank You... The sick part about this place is that all they care about is $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$.. In order for them to even treat your dog they want 75% down.. Yes like we all have $3000 just laying around.. They are heartless and look down at you if your not rich.. The front desk staff is RUDE.. Your baby is in a world of hurt and all they can do is ask you for money, money and more money...
1	Let me start by saying: I know my dog is getting the best care possible, because if not,  I would have to kick everyone's teeth down their f**king throat,  but this place ROBS you. My chihuahua mix suffered from a small stomach puncture by another dog, there was swelling, so I took her in to West Charleston animal hosp. They bandaged her up, & said wait overnight to see how the swelling heals. I wasn't comfortable with that, so they recommended this place. So three nights stay at this place for my pet rounded up to about 5,000. REALLY??? I know animal hospitals are not cheap but this place is just ridiculous.  & even better ...they don't accept payment plans! So pay up or you will not get your pet back. I won't be coming back here ...
5	My 12 year old dog, Darlene has been a patient with Las Vegas Veterinary Specialty Center since I moved here 2 years ago. She has Cushings, a serious disease. Today (Thanksgiving!) she woke up with what looked like an infected eye. I called VECC (the emergency side) to double check that they were open, and Chelsea assured me they were!Once there, I met "Danny" the Vet Tech; a very kind young woman. Darlene was taken to their back area to be checked out. About 30 minutes later, Dr. Jung came in to tell me her findings. She even apologized for my "long wait", which was truly unnecessary, since it was busy and Thanksgiving!The Vet explained the test she did on Darlene's eye and her findings. Happily, it was not as serious as I had thought.I would like to thank ALL the staff at VECC for their dedication. While this is the first time I had to use the emergency side...I am so thankful for the staff.As for the prices complained about in other reviews, I find it absurd that anyone would think an EMERGENCY center such as VECC should be charging less. I am very hapy with their fees. They are there 24/7 and each and every animal is important to them.
1	Honestly, I wouldn't even give them a 1 Star. If I could I would do a negative 10. So I spoke to Audrey, useless to talk to her by the way. I explained how my dog was crying and I found his nail curled all the way around. He doesn't look well and it's scaring me. I know a nail isn't a huge deal but I love my dog and I want him to be okay. Well after explaining how I don't have a family vet she said to me and I quote, "well, that's not an emergency don't worry about it. You can call your family vet and ask them." 1 regardless if it's an emergency or not, it is YOUR job to help me or point me in the direction to someone that CAN help me. 2 maybe listen to what people say? I just said I don't have a family vet. She treated me like my dogs problem didn't matter. Honestly I will NEVER recommend this place to ANYONE. If you are looking for a place that will treat your animal with care DO NOT TAKE THEM HERE! Please I am honestly trying to help you. I would never trust them with any animal.
