4	Well, this is a franchise I have been meaning to try for a while! Ever since I lived in SoCal, I wanted to try Five Guys! I have always heard that they are very similar to our SoCal favorites like In-n-Out. Five Guys just opened a new franchise in Surprise! I have lived in Surprise for the last two years, and have not seen as many youngsters at one place than the night I ate at five guys! It was nice to see everyone there having a good time eating dinner! First! the only thing that is similar between Five Guys and In-n-Out was the atmosphere or the ambiance? (Trying to includes some tricky words today?) Burgers are totally different. I ordered the Bacon Cheeseburger w/ BBQ sauce, grilled onions. Burger was very good, my honey had the cheese burger, and we shared a large fries! Here is some tips!1) We had way to much food, If you want one patty! Order the little burger. Their regular burgers come with two patties!2) Wife and I could have shared an small order of fries, their larger fries is enough for four people.Other than that we had a great time, nice trying something new, and really nice seeing a place where people can hang out and have fun.
5	Whoa, whoa, whoa!!  Pay ATTENTION!  I'm pretty sure that was the best burger I've ever had!  The flavor was fantastic!  I had the "bacon cheeseburger", which comes as a double, (which is standard, you apparently have to order specifically to get one patty), with fried onions, mushrooms, lettuce and ketchup. OMG!  So juicy, so flavorful, and a really nice size, too. I didn't get any fries, but they looked good. I noticed two interesting signs on the wall, one: "Today's potatoes come from: ID, "Tibbits Farm"", and two: "All our burgers are cooked Juicy and Well Done". The restaurant looked nice, 50's style red & white, and very noisy, lots of hustle and bustle, especially with the order-fillers BELLOWING out the order numbers!  Fun place. My wife was not happy I tried it by myself, so we're going back, tonight!!
4	picked up burgers for the in laws after a horrible day at the surgery center. So, my review is based on the feedback from them, and our experience ordering. Mr C and I have not personally tried the burgers yet, but we will. Monday night, around 7:15 PM. The place is packed. Yes, its noisy and has hard rock music playing, loudly.  Good thing we knew ahead of time that the folks wanted the 'little' burgers, otherwise we would have ordered them a regular.. which is huge. Also, we started to order large fries, but the gal at counter said, you may only want the regular, which is enough for 2-2.5 people.  So, for $13 bucks, we ordered a little cheeseburger, and a little hamburger and specified what we wanted on them and a regular french fry.  We stood and watched as the 10+ orders ahead of ours were prepared, and it was a pretty smooth operation. The burgers are fried on a flat top grill, and the toppings looked of good quality and liberal. Oh.. lots of peanuts to be had, so if you have a severe peanut allergy, you will want to avoid this place. I picked up dad next morning for his post op appointment and he was quick to say how good the burgers and fries were.  So, Mr C & I will give this place a try one of these days and then Ill update my review from my perspective on the burger.
2	Heard a lot of people raving about this place so I had to try it.
3	Over Rated, Smash burger and Inn and Out is better .
3	I've been to Five Guys twice, each time for lunch.  This first time, I chose the veggie burger.  Big mistake.  There was no burger.  Just their veggie toppings piled onto bun.  I wish there had been more information either on the menu or from the guy taking my order.  To be fair, I think it was his first day.  Good news, an order of fries is HUGE. Plan on sharing.  I ordered a regular hamburger on my second trip, and it was fine. Nothing to write home about, especially considering that I had heard a lot of comparisons to In & Out.  Overall, I might go back once in a while.
4	I think I might be the last person who knew about the Surprise location, but better late than never! The place was stuffed to the brim on a Sunday night, you had to find a place to stand and according to the nice lady in line behind me, it's always like this :)The burgers are fresh, better quality than most fast food restaurants, & yes, you get to pick your toppings,,,, but (don't hate me!!) I like In & Out burgers just a tad bit more. Both my daughter and I got the little burger, which is a single patty vs the 2 patties that come on the regular burger. The CAJUN FRIES on the other hand are literally to die for! Best I've ever had, hands down! The portions are HUGE. 1 order could easily feed 4 normal people or 2 teenagers :D  They are also REALLY greasy, so I could not recommend you eat them on a daily basis, but if I want to splurge this is where I would do it. The kids behind the counter were working at full speed (they must be EXHAUSTED when they get home!) & all seemed to genuinely enjoy their work. That always makes the experience better, especially since you're watching them cook up the orders...... there's no where else to look, lol. Be prepared to take your meal to go, seating is limited. My daughter & I managed to snag a table, but I must say that I felt a tiny bit odd eating while a line full of people watched on (some circling the table) so they could get dibs as soon as we were done, lol. Oh well, now a larger population know that I'm a messy eater :)
4	Good food, the fries are served in very generous portions, but the soda machines are the coolest ever!!
2	Everyone always says how amazing this place is across the country, so of course we had to try it out. The first one I went to was near Chicago, and it was okay. Then again, I don't really eat burgers (or fast food) all too often!The Surprise location that just opened up, however, is not even comparable to the Chicago location we tried. My aunt really wanted to try it out, so we met her there during her lunch break and ordered some burgers and stuff. I don't remember it being that confusing to order before, but we were completely lost with all of the options/process and the people taking our orders were not very helpful. It was also extremely busy, but that was expected. However, some of the employees were extremely rude to other customers around us. They weren't rude to me personally, but I didn't like the way I saw a few of them speak to other customers. I thought I'd speak up for them, whether they realized it was happening or not! :P Some people are pretty oblivious, but employees shouldn't take advantage of that lol.In my opinion, our orders were extremely simple. A few burgers and fries, nothing special about any of it. However, they took forever to get them out to us. The soda machines were pretty neat, but it was hectic trying to find the correct beverage with how busy the place was and the location of said soda machines. It was right in the way of the queue of people waiting for their orders, so it was also hard to tell who was waiting for what. It was also hard to hear which order numbers were being called, so I just stood right next to them waiting. I probably annoyed them, but oh well! Even then, I still could barely tell what order numbers they were calling out. I think they had a microphone to use, but they didn't seem to want to do that for some reason. (This is also one of the times I heard them being rude to other customers... this guy calling the numbers out called one customer's order two or three times, and the poor girls couldn't hear him. He finally got their attention and bitched at them for taking so long to get their order from him. I thought he was kidding with them at first, but the look on his face said otherwise.)Overall, we weren't at all impressed with the price, the food (which was simply mediocre, nothing special), and service. Luckily I don't care about burgers because I'm not very American, but still... a disappointment for sure.
3	Service and staff was good . Food was ok at best . Unless you like greasy burgers then you will be ok .
4	Share the fries! ....... Seriously you can't eat them all and even if you can... you shouldn't!
5	LOVE IT! I am not a burger person and I LOVE these. My husband does too. So happy to see they expanded to the west valley. Love the fries too. Also, as silly as it sounds, the soda machine is awesome!
3	Not on my radar for a burger and fries craving.....First off be sticker shocked on the cost for a burger, yes I do get the larger one, but still to drop 10 bucks on a soda and burger is on the higher cost chart.  No fries, just the large burger and a soda!I can say everything taste fresh, say Wendys like?  The extra toppings and additional sauces help.If you like "building" your own burger this is the place for you. They let you select topping and sauces or you can ask for one with the fixings which includes alot of the toppings.  I prefer premade flavor personally.  I want the restaurant to build the flavor profile so I don't have to mix the wrong items together and get a unsatisfing end product.  If you want a fresh build your own burger this is the place.....For this price range I want gourmet burgers....Try Amuse Bouche in surprise if you want a burger with a great flavor profile....They sometimes run out of the burger so call ahead :)
5	This was the best part of my vacation almost lol it was the 4th of July holiday weekend and i was in surprise and my sister kept saying you just got to go to Five Guys and we did it was Great all the way from California and we will be back
5	Love that they offer the option of veggies on a bun and their awesome fries.  It would be even better if they offered a decent vegan burger (not processed). Fast, friendly service.  This location wasn't as busy as others I have been to.
5	If you are a burger lover this is your place, but prepare to spend a little bit more comparing to other fast food places. Have in mind that Five Guys is indeed a high quality juicy burgers and of course endless french fries with the skin. The only thing to consider in this location is the hours that people go to this place, what I mean is this place became so popular in the area that it can be full sometimes. My recommendation is visit it after 2:00pm or in the evening hours not late than 9:30pm. They have a great costumer service, is family friendly, and of course delicious.
4	One of the best burgers I've had in a while, when you go in there, the place is full of  Definitely orders the fries because you get a A LOT of them and they are hot n fresh
3	The burgers are good. Didn't upset my stomach like some other hamburger joints. The cheese dog was OK. Nothing specials. The french fries at this joint are supposed to be the best but I was left feeling UNDERWELMED! They were not cooked at all and it left me with a cold oil taste in my mouth. The cajun fries in my opinion suck! They're loaded with obay seasoning and I can feel my Blood pressure rising with each fry.
4	Yes it is very good. Yes it is too expensive for what you get. However, if I'm in the mood for a juicy delicious burger and fries as a once and a while thing and not an everyday thing, I would much rather have the $10 burger and fries here than at applebees around the corner.
3	Lived in Maryland and used to go to the first 5 Guys in Virginia...O.K. Now the review... Fries are to die for and I go just for them.. Biggest problem with 5 Guys is they haven't figured out their hamburger buns are weak, flimsy and need changing. By the time you're done eating you need 15 napkins to clean the mess off your fingers... For that reason I give them only 3 stars...
3	Service is good. Staff were very nice. The wait was not long. But the prices are completely insane. No combos whatsoever. Every item you have to order separately.. 6.40 for a cheeseburger. I thought it would be a really huge cheeseburger for the price. It's not. Fries were good but also overpriced. Just blown away by dropping $20 for my son and I to have two cheeseburgers, 2 reg sodas and share a fry. Culvers is way better and half the price.
5	Fantastic burgers! They were made the way my wife and I asked! We were at the Surprise location, the staff was extremely nice and helpful! I was hesitant to try this place based in other yelpers reviews, however, I have learned not to buy into what they say and judge for myself!
3	Good old fashion burgers with any and all the toppings that you could imagine.  They give your more fries (seasoned or plain) than anyone should be allowed to eat and you can have your choice of just about any coke flavor that you could think of.  They have a self serve soda machine that has about 120 different flavors of anything from Coke, Diet Coke, Sprite, etc and then on top of that you can any flavor to your soda.  Nice.The only negatives that I can think of is that the music is WAY to loud.  I love music, don't think I'm an old prude but I found that it was impossible to chat with the people I was eating with.  Secondly - this place is really expensive.  My wife and I ate there and had just the normal stuff, burgers, fries and soda.  Cost = $23 and change.  We can go to just about any other burger joint and have the same thing for about $10 less for the same thing.  Just saying.
4	Good burger, fast service
5	Great burger and fries like usual!Love the fact that they are gluten-free friendly.I had a concern when I received a large fries for $4.99 that was the same size as the regular for $2.99 but they were friendly and will resolve this for me!
5	GREAT burger and fries, wonderful customer service!!
5	I am a fan!Love the new Coca-Cola fountain machines!
5	Even if you hate the food, you got to love the people who work there. They are the friendliest of any burger places in Surprise. I have never been rushed with my orders and their suggestions help quite a bit, too. My son's favorite is the double bacon cheeseburger and mine is the single cheeseburger with mushrooms. If you are going to order fries for 2-3 people, order the regular sized one. It's more than enough. I love the food, I love the staff, and I love the ever confusing soda fountain. 5+++ stars!
5	We had a late night meal here after going to pick up a drunk from Nascar. The Staff was more then excellent, man did those young guys have the customer service skill down. They asked all the right questions the register while ordering, offered to refill drinks for an elderly couple, cleaned and wiped tables for people. I was impressed. The food was standard 5 guys, which is one reason to continue to go here. Quality and consistency. While I think 5 guys is an average burger I gave the extra stars for the staff here.
1	Heard nice things about Five Guys and tried to go while I was in Portland but didn't make it. I found out about the new location in Surprise and paid a visit.   I went on a Saturday about 12:30 which was probably a mistake. The place was packed and it took about 25 minutes to get my order. You could hardly hear the numbers called because of the music and crowd noise.  The food tasted ok but is a bit messy to eat. It has good portions but I paid $13.13 for the bacon/ cheese burger with large fries, no drink, so it's a bit spendy. It's probably not a place I would go to again. In/out burger is quicker, cheaper and is not as messy to eat, so I'll stick with them in the future.
4	awesome burgers and fries... wish i could eat this all day everyday...
5	Probably the best place to grab a burger in Surprise and one if the better fast food burgers out there. Multiple topping options along with awesome French fries. I personally love their hot dogs but wish they were a bit bigger. I have always found the staff to be very friendly. There are free peanuts to munch on while you wait for your food. There is no drive thru so walk in only. They serve coke products and have the new fountain that offers a multitude of options. Great place to eat.
3	I wasn't impressed with their burgers, they were ok but nothing special! However, the service and atmosphere were good for families with children
4	Another burger joint of the week place. OK so I get it. Good burger and I do not like soft fries anywhere so I will not comment on the fries. Interesting taste in the burgers. Very popular niche type place. Again it will satisfy the occasional craving.
4	First time here and was happy.  Its is very simple you walk in get a hamburger if you tell them what you want one two or three patties tell them what else you want off the menu to put on your burger and that it not very difficult. Burger Fries  I think they do have a a hot dog or something on the menu but you really go there for the burger and fries.  Fries are awesome !  They have stacks of potatoes lined up as  you walk in and stand next to them in line. When they run out someone comes and grabs a bag so they can freshly cut those bad boys and then into the deep fryer they go.  I did try my fries with malt vinegar for the first time ever and the taste just explodes in my mouth. Mouth is watering as I write this..... I do also love how they have the fancy soda machine. This machine rocks because I do get my Cherry Ginger Ale. And that makes me happy.  So when I crave these mouthwatering fries I will know where to go. 5 Guys Burgers and Fries.  Um the prices are a bit high. So I can tell you that I will crave fries more than the burger,
4	been here twice now, and the burgers are awesome.  i love the ability to build my own burgers on the phone APP at a stop light and then pick it up 15 minutes later.  the first time i went for some reason the order never got made but i only had to wait a few extra minutes and they got it for me (and the workers were VERY apologetic) It;s close, good price, and good food, and i will keep going back
4	The wait time is a little long but I guess that is expected from a made to order place. Other than that everything was delicious. I ordered the Bacon Burger with mayo, grilled mushrooms, and grilled onions. It was one of the best burgers I have had that wasn't from a steakhouse. I also loved their fries, the seasoning is on point.
2	If I am going to spend this much on a burger, I am going to go sit down and eat a good burger at say Gordon Beirsch or something like that.
4	Have been here several times and I have yet to be disappointed.  Build your own burgers that are juicy,  delicious and can be wrapped in lettuce...it beats any fast food burger and many sit down restaurants. The multi option coke machine is fun, but can get backed up when it's peak earing time.Note: the regular size fries are plenty enough to share with someone.
5	Most amazing burgers ever. Kind of spendy but well worth it. The service is always top notch and they're incredibly friendly. The food quality is never poor, their choices are massive, and no matter what size fry you get, you'll have enough.
2	A overall disappointment! I always enjoy going to a place where they give out free peanuts, but normally the fun is throwing the shells all over. Here they give you the peanuts, and no real place to put the shells. Apparently, the floor is not expectable here. Also, the "build your own burger" theme is not original at all! In fact go to McDonald's and ask them to add or take off any topping to any burger and they will.....way to go you "built your own burger." I just saying that this can be done ANYWHERE.Then I ordered the bacon burger with grilled onions. I ended up with no bacon and for some reason mushrooms. Once I advised them of the problem they were kind enough to give me some bacon that looked like it was cooked yesterday. The bacon was cold, old, dry, and all broken up. At that point I felt like they might as well just have given me bacon bits from a jar. If I or anyone else is going to pay $11 for a drink, burger, and no fires, they should at least get the order right.
2	Way over priced. The deal here is to fill you up on overloaded French Fry's. The bill for 2 burgers, 2 Frys, and 2 drinks was $28.00. Even eating in, they must treat it like take out because our order came in a brown bag. So we had no tray, basket, or plates. They put the burgers in the bottom of the bag and filled 6" of French frys on top of it. Way more than any one person would want to eat. Each order of frys looked like the equivalent of 2 whole potatoes. The only good thing I could say was the burger by itself was very good. It was cooked just right. Juicy and flavorful. Still, the price can't be overlooked. $28.00 for 2 people is too much for a lunch of fast food
5	This is a really great place to eat.  The fries with vinegar are awesome.  Only thing that sucks is the price.  But sometimes you just gotta go for it and enjoy
1	After hearing good things about Five Guys,  we thought we'd finally try their burgers.   Wow!   We were not expecting them to be as pricey as what they were but we don't mind paying if the food is good!  We received our food in a bag for dine in.  When my husband started to reach into the bag,  we noticed the fries had been put in the bag but some excess was just thrown on top of everything in the bag.  The outside of the foil wrapping on the burger was greasy.   There was definitely no flavor to the burger,  thank god I asked for cheese & bacon.   The burger itself wasn't warm enough to melt the cheese that was on it.   Then the fries were very under cooked and so salty we couldn't stand to finish them.  The restaurant was soo cold inside & if the music wasn't loud enough, there's a kid working in there that had no problem singing the songs loud enough for all to hear.  Then just as we are about done eating, one of the girls came around sweeping the floors.   Gross!  You're sweeping dirt & peanut shells & stirring up god knows what at the table right next to where I'm eating.  Really?   You couldn't wait until we were done?   I definitely won't be going back there!!!!
1	This was my first time at 5 guys.  After hearing how great it is,  I just had to try it.  Boy was I disappointed!  First off i had a bit of sticker shock at the prices. Don't mind paying for quality food but  $27.00 for 2 burgers,  2 drinks & 1 large fries is  a bit much . Okay maybe it is just that good...NOT! I ordered a bacon cheese double, the bun was stale & although the burger was just cooked it was not hot enough to melt the cheese. I ordered grilled onions & mushrooms, they were cold.  This would have been tolerable if the burger had any flavor.  Let's get to the fries, I love fresh cut fries with the skin when they are cooked properly, which these were not & did i mention all the salt. There was so much salt that my throat was burning,  would have been nice if they had used some of that salt on the meat.  The ac was cranked so low i almost needed a jacket,  this helped to make my fried get cold super fast.  The staff was courtious other then the guy behind the counter that thought it was karaoke  time and was not shy about singing to the music.  For another employee to start sweeping the floor while i was eating was also unacceptable.  I drove past 3 other burger places  to go here , wish I would have stopped at another place. I gave 1 star only because I could not give a negative  number of them.
