2	A friend and I came in here.Ridiculously good selection. Ridiculously high prices.For a used store they have lots of stuff, but you will pay for it. They had tons of road bikes- 30 years old, slightly higher than garage sale quality for about $200 (way too much).Also, we saw a bike, and he said he had the same model. He got it NEW last year for $100 less. Just saying...
5	Came through just when I needed it.
1	When I first moved to Madison, I drove by and thought "Oh BUDGET bicycles! this is the place for me!" I walked in the large showroom and was impressed with the sheer volume and selection of bikes. I love vintage bikes, and appreciate those who ride less-expensive and older models. Looking closely at "Budget's" selection, I quickly learned the cheapest bike there was $200. All but the newest bikes were covered in rust, with bald tires, fraying cables, and other telltale signs of an impending expensive repair job. I almost laughed when the salesman told me they rarely sell bikes for under $200. He tried to give me some lip about the price of the bike including a "premium tune up." Trust me, I've been riding bikes long enough to know when I see a sack of shit that can't be helped, premium tune up or not. Seriously, many bikes I saw here were barely worth their weight in scrap metal at the town dump. If you're a poor college student looking for a bike, don't fall prey to this scam of a store. Buy a used bike off craigslist, or at a yard sale. A $15 yard sale bike is about as good as most of the bikes they sell here. They prey on vulnerable/desperate college students in need of a ride.
5	Friendly and helpful are the guys at budget bike.  Went there to find some accessories for our 14-passenger bike and we got: cool brass side mirrors with reflectors and matching horn!  Perfect for us as we cruise the city streets.Capitol Pedaler
3	3.5 stars. Kind of a mixed bag for this review based on my experience. The Good-Lot's of selection of bikes, parts and accessories. -My girlfriend bought a new bike there and proved to be a positive experience. The free tune-ups that she received were done well but did take a couple of days, even in the off-season.-The good employees there take care of you very well-Decent prices on new bikes and parts.-This may have changed, but Budget used to have the best deal on free tuneups for newly purchased bikes. Store policies do change so make sure you check first.The Bad-A few  employees I have interacted with  are either incompetent or jerks. Or both.--Used bike prices are insanely high. Craig's List is the way to go on this but make certain the bike is not stolen.--An employee attempted to sell me a very used Trek for $379 when the same bike sells new for $399 at another LBS. He was also untruthful about the quality of the bike model and the components on it.It's hit or miss here depending on what you are looking for and who you are dealing with.
3	On a recent quest to find a Made in the USA bicycle, we headed to Budget Used downtown.  Be prepared to be overwhelmed when you walk in the door, I bet there are no less than 1,000+ bicycles wedged in this space on the floor and hanging from the ceiling.  If you walk in with no criteria your brain can easily explode, but for me I was looking for a Cannondale pre-2009 Made in the USA frame that was under $1,000.  We found three, pulled them out, and took a little test ride.  Settled in on one that I liked and bit the bullet.  The downside of this place is that they are overpriced (as other reviewers noted), but you do get a free tune-up (worth about $100) that you can use whenever you'd like, a four month warranty,  and you know that the bike has been checked over and "loved" before you take it home.  Bottom line is that I'm impatient so I didn't want to sit and watch Craigslist for a better deal, so Budget was the next best option.  Plus I'm willing to pay a little extra to support a local business!
