4	This place is pretty big place with just tons of options of every type of flooring you can think of.  We didn't actually buy our floors here because we just found a certain color shade for the same price elsewhere but we really liked the store.  I wish I would have gone back to get the underlayment for our laminate floors because they had a lot of options, when Home Depot only had 2.
4	When they say floor, they mean it!!  They have a wide selection, and their price on what I needed was 30% less than their competitors. Will definitely be back...
4	Floor and Decor is FABULOUS.  They have a great selection of flooring products (all except carpeting, which doesn't bother me in the least) and their prices are far better than Home Depot or Lowes.  They have great and knowledgeable associates and we were able to get all of our questions answered and left with the luxury vinyl plank flooring that we were hoping for.
1	Worst customer service ever, called up to find out if my order had come in, I get a girl who clearly cant speak or even understand English I had to repeat myself 4 times to her and she still couldn't understand me, then I get put on hold for 15mins, I then hang up and call back oh and what happens same girl I mean seriously why dont they get some decent staff I then tell the other girl that comes on the line how unprofessional it is and poor communication and I don't appreciate to be put on hold for 15min, She didnt even have the decency to apologize just carried on. Will not be going back there.
3	There are so many materials here that you have to spend at least two hours. At least. I can't review the customer service as I didn't engage anyone for assistance. But the location is huge, tons of choices, and I love that they have previously put together designs to inspire you and so that you can see what the tiles (etc) will look like in a collection.
1	Terrible customer service the checkout has no idea what they are doing everybody who works here walks around with their head in the clouds no organization, no professionalism, no communication, I paid for grout and waited 45 minutes for them to get it from a pallet??!!! Good job 5 stars for the worst place to shop...
1	Is there any chance for zero stars?I guess not......just an advise:stay away from that store...no customer service.....
5	Floor and decor is a great place to buy materials to upgrade your home for less! Especially if you are doing it on your own. We purchased our laminate flooring here after my fiance's sister raved about how cheap she was able to re-do her shower while still getting an upgraded look. There are a lot laminate flooring options here and we were able to stick to our budget of $2K (laminate + pad). It covered our living, dining, kitchen, hallway, laundry and spare bedroom.Our floors look amazing and it feels awesome knowing we didn't have to spend the $7-10k the crazy lady at Empire tried to tell us it would cost. We did lay the floors ourselves, but it was well worth the money we saved! The click and lock system was a little difficult at first with these floors. They allow you to return extra wood/padding as long as it is a full un-opened box. We did have extra wood and pad to return and it was quick and easy. No fuss.
1	I had the WORSE experience, they got our orders all wrong more than once and when I tried to talk someone they didn't want to help. I have had the lowest customers service in my life at this place. Very unprofessional, very Rude. The worker's name was Cassie L. she was very rude, very Discourteous!
