5	Where to begin!?! I guess the initial reason why we stopped in. Just moving to Vegas my mother and I were looking for a quality mattress that wouldn't cost her too much. She has never had to purchase her own mattress and she was overwhelmed to say the least. By saying Mattress Firm and Greg were our saviors is no joke! Not only was Greg kindest man in the world (he proves patience is truly a virtue) he know everything in his industry. He started with our budget and from there worked on finding EXACTLY what we were looking for. He educated us and helped us find a bed that we would have never thought we could afford, and at the same time taught us what kind of bed she actually wanted. He explained that there was a 100 day promise that if we found a better price for our bed then he would match it. Looking back it's laughable, because we now know we could never have found better service or selection. Greg even went as far to call his manager to ensure that he was getting us the best price possible. The bed was delivered by two of the most professional and once again kind men I have ever encountered. One even got on his back on the floor to go under the bed to answer my mother's 1000 question. They were on time and fast. I cannot rave enough. If you ever have to choose or recommend a company rest assured this is the only mattress store to turn to!
5	Bought a too soft Tempurpedic. 90 days later exchanged for the Tempurpedic Allure. Best sleep in over a year. Thank you Mark Platt and others for your help and patience.
5	I had a great experience when I bought my bed from Maggie Goodrich. She was very helpful and very patient.
5	I have been looking for a specific mattress for a year now and kept coming back to the 410 Marks location because of the friendly customer service.  So my decision was to buy from Dave and Maggie......Dave even remembered me from a year ago.  I was in and out and happy as clam with my new order of the Serta IComfort Brilliant King with Base - can't wait to start getting some good zzzzzzz's.  Amazing buying experience - Happy Customer!
