4	New thrift store here in Henderson in the strip mall across DMV just opened up. They have clothing for kids and adults in all sizes, accessories, housewares, small kitchen appliances, outdoor tools and all kinds of cool finds.  You are bound to find something you want here. Everything I saw was in pretty good to practically new condition.  One of my finds was a brand new purse w/matching flip flops with the tags still attached to it! You walk in there's none of that musty thrift store smell at all. The place is clean, bright and well lit.  Everything is organized and signs above made it easier to check out merchandise.  There are little nooks in the store that's sectioned off with signage above indicating what the section has. The clothing racks are separated by sizes, so that makes it easier to find what you are looking for as well.  What I learned is that this particular thrift store has partnered with a local church and non profit organization God Behind Bars.Their proceeds go to help at risk kids and families in our community.  They do welcome donations, just not large furniture (ie couches, mattresses). Hey! Spring cleaning is just around the corner! (wink wink)  Awesome service, everyone was welcoming, friendly and helpful. Nice to see this area of the Stephanie Promenade Center has more places to shop after having lunch over at Henry's. So stars for having nice selection,low prices, clean and nice smelling store, and great service!
5	looking for some stuff to fill my house in Canada, stumbled upon this place,It just doesn't look like a thrift style store,very friendly staff, good looking productsgreat pricesThe store is nicely designed.lots of choices.Can't ask for more.Bought a stereo unit for a song and left well dressed...
5	I love this place.  It's like shopping at a private upscale botique with thrift store prices.  The staff is wonderful, the shop is beautiful and their donations go to help good people.  I even bought my wedding dress there!!!! Keep up the great work ladies.... always a pleasure to shop there!!!! You all ROCK in the name of our Lord!!! thank you!!
4	I was having excellent thrift karma today so I decided to stop in after my mom told me I would like this place. And she was right! As soon as I walked in there was an adorable "shabby chic" chair calling my name... however I didn't think I'd be able to fit it in my little compact car. The space is small and well organized, but somewhat cramped. I had a hard time maneuvering around without bumping my huge purse into the racks, or other customers! They have a wall of t-shirts for $2 each, a huge display of folded jeans, and a nice selection of shoes and knick-knacks. I didn't find as much as I would have liked, but I was able to leave with an awesome new-with-tags leopard print cardigan for $10 (the original tag price? $50!)The cashier was incredibly friendly and overall it was a really nice shop, and I can see myself finding a gem or two here in the future. I'll definitely be back whenever I'm in the area.
5	This place is so nice and clean!!!! It looks almost like a retail store with how in order everything in the store. The woman working there knows a good amount about all the stuff that is on the sales floor. I got a lot of goo finds and the price was right! Will go again.
2	Hmmmm. I stumbled upon this shop one  Saturday in November and was excited. Thought I knew most all the good resales in the City, but missed this one somehow.  Got there early and waited for it to open.  Walked in...nothing impressive or unique to capture my attention, but no problem. I need to "hunt". 5 women walking about doing stuff but not one offers me a hello, or can I help you or welcome.  Finally one walks past me, Smiles, and says "Hi" and keeps going. I AM THE ONLY CUSTOMER IN THERE!  I look at a couple of things but seeing nothing and not knowing anything about the very eclectic store I stroll out in about 7 minutes.  Did I expect more than I should? Is their approach one of "let customers browse alone?" It was as though I was invisible. No "Thank you for coming" or "Have a good Day". I was just...Cast Away. :-(
5	nice place, very clean and well organized.  bought a couple of items that were both designer labels.  turned out they were half-price because of some sort of sale on a certain day of the week.  my price went from $8 down to $4..would have bought at $8 price.  not a large store compared to a Savers or Goodwill, but definitely worth a stop!
2	Being a thrift addict I was pretty disappointed in this place. Actually we all were. The racks are insanely set up for the clothing they twist and turn like a maze. T shirts are on the wall and if you are short forget about looking at the top or getting one down. The prices are pretty high for a lot of items, if you have the time to really go through anything you can find some deals though. They have a lot of junk that I wonder why they even put it out. And I don't care for the service, for the most part there can be 5 people walking around gossiping and no one will help you with anything but when you get to the register they smile and swoon about all the good deals you supposedly got.. Whatever.... Too much work for what we find. I only go when I am in the area. Nothing worth going out of my way for.
5	I like this thrift store - people have always been nice. They have a nice selection - the jeans are a little work to look through but I found some great Levi's for only $5.  Found a lot of work clothes here too. The dressing room is tiny but works. The only issue for me is that sometimes there is a glare from the sun - maybe some sun shades on the windows would help. Overall a great thrift store. Look for the half price tags.
5	Enjoyed this thrift store immensely. Picked up 2 nightstands for $20. The furniture is priced right. The store is clean and organized. I will be back to find more underpriced treasures.
5	Should I be writing this review? Or should I  try to keep this place all to myself.?Castaways is one of Henderson's best kept secrets for bargain shoppers.  The proceeds go to charitable causes.  Who could ask for more?  A great place to donate as well.  i cast myself their way once a week just to see what' has come in.  But if you see something you like, grab it.  It won't be there next time. Hugs and smooches to all the folks at Castaways!
5	Clean, clean, clean. Nice staff, great selection. Worth the visit. Monday is military discount. Plenty of parking and easy to get in and out of the shopping center. Walmart to Newman Marcus. Something for everyone.
4	Second time I've been here. I took my HUBBZ here today and it's small area but has more of a furniture/large pieces selection than savers. If we had a larger car I'm sure we would've walked out with new furniture pieces for our newly moved into home.It seems as if they get things just as fast as they sell them cuz I was just here about 2 weeks ago and they had completely different set up with furniture today.
3	The place is small compared to other thrift stores and the selection is every limited. Jeans selection was only one or two racks. Tshirts were only on one side of the wall. Pretty bummed at the small selection. But, prices are awesome here. Had sales from 50-75% off and I bought a skirt for only $2.97. You just gotta take your time and look through the racks.
3	I noticed the sign while driving by and decided to stop in. The store is beautifully decorated to look like a charming shop, not a thrift store (+1). The racks were placed close together and the children's clothing options were few (-1). The staff was friendly (+1). It was a pretty small space and didn't have a whole lot to choose from (-1). I found out that the back wall has little rooms (room of books, room of toys, etc.) so I decided to wander in there and I found .... I found ... a large safety glass mirror for $6! Score! The prices are okay ($2 for 0 - 12 month onsies) but not exceptional. As you can tell from my review it's not a great and it's not bad. If I'm in the neighborhood again I'll check it out. I wouldn't go out of my way to visit, but it's on my list of thrift stores in the area now. Happy thrifting!
5	I stopped in here for the first time right before Thanksgiving and was surprised at the excellent selection of clothing they had.  I found a gorgeous thigh length black leather coat with faux fur lining for $30 that I just had to have and took it with me on my Thanksgiving trip to Wichita and Arkansas and was so glad I did!  I got a lot of compliments on it and loved the fact that no one knew it was my resale store find of the year!!  The clothes are all sorted by type and by size, something I really liked since many resale stores don't separate by size very well.  I hate seeing a really cute blouse or pair of pants and upon checking the tag find it's too small for me.  This way I look at clothes I know are my size.  Some of the items are brand new and others used but looked in excellent condition.  They have very nice furniture, reasonably priced and a lot of kitchen ware.  They have separate rooms for the kitchen stuff and toys and books which was nice.  The staff have been very friendly, asking if I needed help and not bothering me when I just wanted to browse.  All in all a great store with great prices and I will be back again and again.
