5	I will DEFINITELY be using Momentum Carpet Care again!!! Not only was their quote less than the company I used to use, but they did a much better job! The guys that came were well dressed and funny. They were quick and my carpets look AMAZING!!! Thank you!
5	This company is amazing! When we returned from vacation, we had multiple rooms that reeked of cat and dog urine. Momentum was very flexible and able to do a same day appointment. Within hours, they arrived, treated the stains and cleaned our carpets. The smell was gone and the carpets looked like new. Kamil (the owner) is professional, very knowledgable and took the time to answer our questions and explain his proces. Their price was reasonable and we will definitely use them in the future!!
5	This is a an awesome company. I had a rush on an apartment that needed the carpets cleaned for a new tenant. It was Saturday and I was having no luck with my normal companies. I found Momentum with a google search that led me to Yelp. I read the reviews and called to see if they could help me. We had to wiggle a little to match our schedules and they showed up at the exact time. When I saw there truck and equipment I was impressed. Great equipment! Then I watched as the cleaning. I had my doubts about how the carpet would clean up but knew within a short time that it was going to be great and was I right. I now have a new go to carpet company with great service, awesome equipment and people who care about the job.  There was some carpet damage that needed attention. I asked if he had someone that could help with that. He did and they were there the next day (Sunday) making the repairs that I needed. He called me Tuesday to make sure I was happy with the job. Totally Awesome! Yes I do give 5 stars and they are well deserved.
5	Fast, friendly and the carpet looks great! This was for a rental property that we own in Phoenix that the tenants had left with stains, gum and ink marks. Kamil was there on time and was done very quickly. I would use him again.If you need housecleaning services, his girlfriend did an amazing job, too.
5	Great service - from the first call.  Cleaned my carpets the next day and did a fantastic job.
5	I recently moved to Central Phoenix, and the carpets needed some serious attention due to high traffic from the prior residents.  I called Momentum on Monday, and Kamil, the owner & operator, advised he could come out the very next business day.  This gave me a huge sigh of relief, because there is nothing worse than moving to a new place and having to deal with dirty carpets.Kamil was on time, pleasant, professional, and explained how to maintain/take care of the carpet to minimize the need for professional treatments in the future.He did the entire condo, covering all the carpets in all rooms, and the kitchen floor and tile at the entrance, in about two hours.I am so appreciative for his attention to detail and for coming on short notice.  The carpets now look clean and I will be comfortable inviting guests over because they won't be looking at soiled carpet stains!Thanks, Kamil, for the wonderful services you provided.  I will definitely be a repeat customer and will gladly refer my friends/colleagues your way!
