1	My taxi fare from the airport to the hotel (six miles... took about 10 minutes) was $22. What the heck is that about??Also - he wouldn't take my credit card. Cash only? Fine. I only had two $20 bills on me, so I asked for change. He didn't have any. None. NO CHANGE. Rat bastard.
1	We have ordered a cab 50 minutes in advance. They knew we needed to go to the airport and even asked about our departture time. When it was 5 minutes past the agreed cab time, I called them to ask what's going on, and was told (without any apology!) that the cab is still 8 miles away! I was shocked, asked whether there is anyone closer ("no"), whether we would get a discount ("we do not give discounts"). Waited for the supposed cab for another 10 minutes and ended up taking our own car (the agent on the phone even said "if you want guarantees you need to use your own car'!). Have not seen the cab anywhere in the area when was leaving, so it was AT LEAST 20 MINUTES LATE. Plus they never actually called me when the cab arrived. WILL NEVER USE THIS COMPANY!
1	Is there a way to give zero stars?? I was waiting in a long line for a taxi home from Phx Sky Harbor. When I finally was given a cab I asked if they took credit. The cab driver said if he had to he could but asked if I would be willing to go to an ATM for cash. I explained after a trip all I had was a credit card and he went on to complain about how he was going to get paid less if I used credit.Okay, that's annoying but hardly the beginning of it. I live about 2 miles from the airport. The driver kept his meter covered by paper. When I asked why, he said I'd be paying $16, which was the minimum. I asked why the sign said the min. was 15, and he said if I was going to argue he'd leave me there at the side of the road...  Well, I wasn't arguing to begin with, but that was enough for me to shut up. I was a girl alone in a cab and pretty intimidated. I sent my friend a txt trying to explain my situation and he called back to keep me on the phone so I could continuously update him on my location in case the driver decided to be any crazier. Once I was at my destination I decided it would be best for the driver to drop me at the front of my complex so he wouldn't know exactly where I lived. He used a carbon copy device to get my card # and handed me the receipt to sign without giving my card back. I scribbled in a $2 tip worried that he was going to give me a hard time about giving me my card back or allowing me to access my suitcase in the trunk. The driver was completely intimidating the entire time and insisted I leave a phone number with him before he would return my card to me. When I got to my apt, I called the company to complain. The first person I spoke to was very understanding and apologetic for my experience. She took down my acct and said she'd put it through to the road supervisor who would have to do the follow-up. She promised the my information could stay anonymous from the driver upon my request.About an hour later, at nearly 10pm, the supervisor called and asked me to repeat the situation to him. He said he NOT able to keep my information anonymous. That he would deal with the driver tonight to hear his side of the "story". That if I felt my personal safety was in jeopardy that I would have to contact the police. Absolutely one of the worst cab companies imaginable. I cannot believe any business can successfully run like this. I will go out of my way to never use them again.
1	After filing my complaint on Sunday, I was told  I would receive a follow up by Monday. It is now Thursday and the company has continued to give me the runaround. I have been given multiple phone #s to call, every person I speak to makes me repeat the entire situation and then tells me to call another person. I finally got the number to who I was told was the General Manager but is actually the Fleet Manager only to get a full voicemail box. Probably filled with similar complaints...
1	First, let me state that I never actually received a ride from this company. I've tried on two separate occasions, but their dispatch team has never allowed me to get that far and has MAJOR customer service issues. The only reason I've ever called this company is because their phone number is so easy to remember.On my most recent call to the company (which just happened to be last night), I had to call from a pay phone because my cell phone battery died. Someone answered about 6 rings later and mumbled "hello," no mention of the company or even the employee's name. I asked for a ride home from the Phoenix Public Library over on Central and McDowell, and the dispatcher asked for the address. I told him I don't know the address and he told me to "ask someone for it." I explained that I can't just walk around asking for the address because I'm on a payphone and there is no one within 30 feet of me. So he responded, "Oh, well, I need an address to get a cab to you." I ended up looking through a stack of torn up phone books searching for the address while he held a conversation with one of his co-workers. None of them listed the library address and the dispatcher hung up on me after a minute.I called another cab company immediately afterwards and had absolutely no problem with them. The dispatcher didn't ask for the library's address (in fact, she stated it just after I told her where I was) and didn't hold a conversation with co-workers about weekend exploits. Never calling Yellow Cab again.
1	Called a cab about an hour ago and was told 10-20 minutes.  20 minutes ago was told 17 minutes.  Using my cell phone's last remaining battery life to leave this 1 star review.
1	Another dismal review for this company. I called for a 6 AM pickup to the airport like I had several times previously. Dispatch informed someone would arrive. I waited until 6:10 AM and called again-dispatch then told me another 15 minutes until pickup! I stated that was not acceptable as I had a flight to catch. I ended up driving myself to the airport. Oh yeah, the driver called, as boarding for my plane started.
4	Yellow cab currently has all one-star reviews, and here's my four-star addition. I think the difference here is that I didn't have to call for a cab, I simply rode one to my hotel from the airport... and I gotta say, it was one of the best cab rides I've had in a long time.For the most part, I dread cabs and usually expect a bunch of things to go wrong. Cab rides are usually full of bad attitudes, bad smells, bad driving, and weird added charges. Not this time! My driver from Yellow Cab was so nice and professional, and I was pleasantly surprised when my "extra charge" was only $1 instead of the usual $3-4 cab drivers love to tack on due to my luggage. He asked me a few times if the temperature was okay, and provided me with a calm, quiet ride to my hotel (which is always appreciated after a long morning of travel.) Plus, he taught me how to pronounce the name of my hotel correctly which absolutely prevented me from sounding like a total dumbass later.He gave me a receipt without me having to ask for one, had change for my larger bill, grabbed my bag out of the trunk and was on his way. Pleasant, drama free, and just the way a cab ride should be. Thanks Yellow Cab!
1	Booked online for an 8:15 a.m. ride to the airport.  The site gave me a confirmation number.  At 8:18 a.m., we called in, and an automated message said a cab had been assigned and was on its way.  At 8:30 a.m., we called in again and noticed that the automated message said that "cab zero" was assigned, which didn't sound good, so we spoke with a human who said that the online submission had not specified a regular or special cab.  I was pretty sure I had specified "regular cab"--but if there was some uncertainty, why not call me at the phone number provided, before the time I was expecting a ride?  We ended up having to drive to the airport and park in short-term parking for a week in order to catch our flight.  Discount Cab, by contrast, has always shown up reliably on time when booked via their website, and I will use them from now on.
1	I pre-ordered a cab on Saturday night. Over an Hour Before 2AM. The Supervisor was supposed to call me back because it was 2:30am and we were waiting in the parking lot and They could not give us a straight answer on when the cab would show. Well the supervisor that was,"Working On it", never returned my request to call me, and the cab NEVER SHOWED!!  What kind of service would you call this? THose cabby guys don't pick up call aheads, they just do what ever the hell they want. The operator said she couldn't get the cabs to answer them. So now you will be seeing my bad reviews, I recommend calling more then one cab on the weekend here in Gilbert, and don't feel sorry when you call over an hour early and maybe one shows up. I would not recommend this company. The problem seems to be from the Supervisor down.
1	Yellow Cab is the MOST untrustworthy and unprofessional cab company I have EVER dealt with.  They double charged me for an expensive cab ride.  They will not take care of you if you call them with a complaint.  You do not get to speak to a manager.  They refuse to come to the phone.  I am going to small claims court.
1	The worst customer service I have experienced in my life. How is it possible you are even in business?
1	Way too many fucking issues.   Lets start with the customer service when you call for a cab.  Unprofessional, talk in slang.  I called for a cab and then got a call telling me my cab was there, went downstairs never saw the cab.   Called the taxi service number and they kept insisting that i was the idiot n said well the cab is there waiting for you.  Puts me on hold and tells me 5 minutes later to tell them what im wearing.  I said a black shirt and why is that relevant.  Lady says quietly we're going to send another cab.    I said another cab? There wasnt ever a first one.  She insisted yea there was until she finally admits 30 seconds later yea sorry he wasnt there.  How the fuck can u call me to tell me my cab is waiting downstairs when they werent ever there.     Now my actual can driver.  First thing he asks can u pay cash? I said sorry i only have card, then he goes, " can we stop by atm?"   I said no because im already late enough because of your company.  I know its not your fault but i need to get to te tempe campus for a meeting.    Thia fucker still asks to stop at the atm cause its 2 blocks away.   He doesnt fucking understand i dont have time.   Then asks for directions to tempe campus.  Idiot gets lost and asks to borrow my phone as gps. Fucking whack.
1	My worst experience with any cab company at any time in any part of the world. After being told that the cab will arrive in 10 to 20 minutes I kept waiting for 50 minutes before I was told to find alternate means of transport if I wanted to catch a flight  My recommendation is to dump this company and find other cab service companies. Good bye, Yellow Cab.
1	I would give them a negative star if possible. I scheduled a 2pm pick up to the airport and No Show No Call!! Discount cab to the rescue! Yellow can suck it. Unreliable!!!
5	Yellow Cab saved our early morning flight to the Bahamas for our wedding. Already being stressed out about the wedding, the last thing we needed was for Discount Cab to blow off our website made reservation (AND we talked to them on the phone to confirm). Discount chose not to call us when they "couldn't find us" and left for an new fare. While dicking around with them, I called Yellow Cab and the were there in 15 minutes. Driver was friendly and did a great job at sensing our eagerness to get to the airport (as now it is about 30 minutes later than our original pick up time with Discount!).  He didn't gripe about how many suitcases we had and was beyond courteous and polite.We will call Yellow Cab again before we ever call Discount.
1	Every driver I've ever had from yellow cab has been very polite and always on time. I have zero bad things to say about any of the drivers. But when I had to call recently and try to find something that I lost, the man and woman in Lost and Found were so rude to me. They made me feel like an idiot and that is terrible customer service. I called again today just to make sure that what I lost wasn't found after a few days and the woman I asked to transfer me the Lost and Found was again very very rude. If it had Just been that one time I would have chalked it up to them having a bad day. But i spoke to different people on different days and all of them were rude. I'm very disappointed with the customer service at Yellow Cab.
5	Called Yellow Cab for a ride from my home in Scottsdale to pick up my car being serviced. They promised a 10 - 20 minute pickup, texted me with a 10 minute ETA and arrived EXACTLY as promised. The cab was new, clean and fresh, the driver was pleasant and polite. I could not have been more satisfied with the experience. This is my new best cab company for sure. Job well done!
3	Home alive but cost $6 extra to turn around cuz we got in on the wrong curb.  But home alive is priceless. We use them to get to the airport a lot. Never had an issue. The driver texted me when he was close. They are always courteous and no issues with five or more uses...
1	Wow! Worst experience ever! I am sick to my stomach that a company can have ALL,of their employees be so rude. They are disorganized, my driver tonight tried to get in a verbal fight with me over my address.. WHERE I LIVE. He slammed on the breaks in the middle of the intersection, and demanded I,pay him then. Then when I called the company about the incident, they conveniently had no record of me calling for the cab in the first place. I wouldn't recommend them to,my worst enemy. Horrible.
