5	I came here by myself on a Wednesday evening. I was planning on going across the street to see a movie at The Odeon, but there was really nothing playing that captured my fancy... My host was going on a date with her boyfriend and the friend I'd made while in Edinburgh left town earlier in the day, so I had absolutely nothing to do after dinner -- why not explore, take a chance, try something new.What an awesome nightclub -- It's in caves -- stone-vaulted ceilings! Music was really great, there were a couple of dance-floors, the sound system was really good, and there were really affordable drink specials (I always ask)... I arrived early and saw some live acts, but I was so transfixed and transported by my surroundings that I stayed very late into the evening and stumbled home a sweaty smiling glorious drunken mess... A fantastic experience all-around -- Cabaret Voltaire will be in my dreams.
3	I am not a huge fan of Cabaret Voltaire- or Cab Vol as we locals call it.Its a very popular club with the trendy, indie, scene crew in Edinburgh. But its just not my type of place. I can appreciate why others may enjoy it, but not me. Firstly its very cramped inside and there is not a lot of seating. Yes I like to have a seat, so shoot me. I'm generally not intoxicated enough to be throwing myself around the dance floor like everybody else. The drinks are fairly cheap which is a plus side, but it does mean that attendees are usually pretty drunk so there is that kind of atmosphere in the club. The music is commonly indie/electro/drum and base which I personally don't enjoy. But if that is what you like, then you will probably like Cab Vol. I have been to see a few bands play here and it does make for an intimate gig which can be quite good. However the night club side of it is just not for me.
4	Cabaret Voltaire is easily my favourite club in Edinburgh. It offers different club nights each day of the week with resident DJs and special guests, in the past these have included big names like Annie Mac, Steve Aoki, Krafty Kuts, Justice and Plump DJs. The music is mostly electronic (d'n'b / house / electro / techno), however there are sometimes gigs on earlier in the evening before the club nights start and these tend to feature up and coming indie bands, I saw Florence and The Machine & Little Boots here before they hit the big time. The club is situated in some vaults underneath South Bridge, and when you're inside it really does feel like you're in the bowels of the city. Admittedly the place does get pretty crowded and sweaty, but that's an intrinsic feature of its underground charm. This is not the place to go if you just want to pose and observe the world from a seat, dancing is obligatory!There is no dress code and you could feel equally comfortable here in a pretty dress or your scummiest jeans. Drinks are relatively cheap, prices do vary depending on what night of the week you're there though.If you're into music or the club scene, Cab Vol is definitely somewhere you should visit.
2	Cab Vol is great if you're into less mainstream music than you'll hear in a 'normal' club. And if you don't mind sweat dripping off the low ceilings onto you at least once a minute, or drinking out of plastic cups.I have to honest, it's not my thing. I've been dragged along on a handful of occasions by friends, and each time I go i'm determined that this will be the time I have a great night there and leave at 3am completely converted. It's been four years, and it hasn't happened yet. That has a lot to do with the people that go though, as opposed to the club itself. On tuesdays this place pulls in a lot of "rahs" from Edinburgh Uni, thinking that wearing weird coloured skinny jeans suddenly makes them alternative. It doesn't, and their huge back-combed blonde hair dos look even more ridiculous than normal.
4	This is an underground club with a great mainstream music sound system and some of the most fun nights out in Edinburgh. At the beginning every month they have a 60s night which is grand, but Tuesdays and Thursdays they have electro and drum and bass with no entrance fee! As a music venue, I can say  I have been very pleased, I came here a couple of weeks ago to see the ever so lovely Angus and Julia Stone, and I was impressed with the effort put into the show. It was only in one room, and packed, but somehow the underground atmosphere just brought so much to the show. The bar tenders were lovely and even the door men are not as aggressive (as seen in other well-established clubs). Why do people always get cramped in the back at gigs? There was plenty of space at the front where the stage was, and luckily the stage was higher up so everyone could see. The sound was superb as well, and even when Julia Stone was confused with her amp, the sound man was superb and efficient.  The only think I can really hold against this place as far as gigs are concerned is that after the concert the lights are crudely turned on and cleaning starts immediately whilst we are all still there, in order to be ready for the next event.
5	I love Caberet Voltaire.In fact, I only have one complaint - so lets start with that. Cheap coke. Simple and not very much of a problem, especially when it has a double something or other in it. The trouble is when your are just gasping for it by itself and it tastes a bit 'bleugh'.Anyway, my one complaint over, I can get on with how good this place is. Firstly, Cab-Vol is underground - in the vaults of Edinburgh meaning the sound system in here rocks. Its amazing. Secondly the music they play varies night to night, so one time you might be listening to drum 'n' bass, and the next night somethng far more indie. Pretty cool, and although some nights may not be everybodies cup of tea, I love all of it. There are also some live music evenings, which are usually followed by an after party - which I thoroughly recommend. Thirdly, the layout of the club - it doesnt sound like something great, but one room can have the atmosphere of a quiet pub lounge while next door (albeit through 3 foot of heavy stone wall) there is a rave going on with the volume turned up to 11.Drinks are cheap (so the nasty coke isnt too bad...) and generally Cab-Vol is consistantly one of the best nights out in the city.
5	This is such a f'ing cool club.When you go here (because you will, trust me) make sure you're looking particularly cool. Get rid o that waist-coat and cardigan and don some ripped jeans and a nice tee. They have some amazing nights here, particularly Music Boutique, and rank in some brilliant DJs.The club itself is really cool, it;s underground so has the whole stone-work arches going on, high ceilings and a lavish upstairs. It's one of my favourite places to go to in Edinburgh  - if I was cool enough  I would be here all the time.
4	Cab Vol (cringe at the abbreviation) is popular amongst students and locals alike as a place to find alternative music within the confines of an interesting environment. By the latter I refer to the burrow like low ceiling, hidden hallways and moody lighting. By the former I refer to the surprisingly good drum & bass events, and alternative house sets. Drinks and entry fee are pretty standard in terms of price and in general it's a reliable and fun club to spend the  night. Expect excruciatingly long queues at the weekend.
4	I'm quite partial to the underground, cave like feel of Cabaret Voltaire. I like a nice dark, moody atmosphere, where you can lurk around in the shadows sipping a drink and pretending to be mysterious. Being a massive sneaky people watcher, this scenario appeals to me. Alternatively, you might just want to be normal and go there and have some fun and good times.The gig space of Cabaret Voltaire is kind of like being in someone's basement, and isn't particularly big, but it has given any gigs I've seen quite a cool, intimate feel. I recently saw a few really decent bands here and smugly stood right at the front, just because I could, so it's a good place to catch any bands that you want to see close up. Apart from gigs, Cab Vol hosts a range of regular club nights and has showcased some fairly big name DJs in its time, so it comes well recommended if you're looking for something a bit alternative and not your run of the mill chart music assault.
3	Cab Vol for short. I was always under the impression that this was filled with Uni students, however there does seem to be a following of late 20s going as well. Personally drink prices aren't anything special, nor is the music but like many places in Edinburgh, the venue itself makes for the great experience. Based on 2 floors, upstairs although featuring a dance floor usually becomes host to larger parties relaxing in the big booths underneath the stone arched ceilings. Downstairs boasts 2 bars and a few different rooms to get on with dancing. Personally the music is sub-par, featuring alot of techno. Drinks are what they are, for being advertised as a student venue I can't say their prices match this standard. Great on thursday nights when there is no cover. Open till '3am usually starts to get busy around midnight.
4	Cab Vol (as it is known to locals) is a mixed bag. Sometimes it is pretty rubbish, but I have also had some of my best nights out here. The club is pretty cool to look at, being underground and open brick walls giving it a cave like feel. Built under the arches of South Bridge, it breaks itself down naturally into two rooms, which both have a kinda cool grubby chic to them. Although often packed, the club is the sort of place where it matters less than those on George Street. This is mainly down to the music; claiming to be a more alternate club than we are used to in Edinburgh, Cab Vol plays drum n base, dubstep, electro and other similar genres of music. Due to the monging / moshing nature of this music it doesn't matter if you're squashed up against someone as you really don't need to flash your coolest dance moves. Also most people in their are either wasted of just a bit off their heads so it does have a slightly out of control but fun atmosphere. The prices for drinks are ok and the bar stocks most of what you'd expect from a small club. Tuesday is the most popular night, and this is also it's downfall. Most of the time it is great, with free entry and good drum n base meaning it's popular with the cool kids. However word of mouth has also meant that any Rah wearing bright coloured skinny Topshop jeans, high tops and who knows one Pendulum song so thinks they're proper dnb kids turn up which kinda puts a bit of a downer on what otherwise is a good night.
4	It's a little shameful that I still haven't been to this Edinburgh club on a night out, but I finally made it there to see a comedy show. The most bizarre show I have ever seen, but this review is about Cab Vol (as it's popularly known) so I'll stick to that.It's extremely central, being just a few minutes walk from the Royal Mile. I was surprised by the sheer size of the place; normally this may create an almost impersonal atmosphere, but Cab Vol is quite cosy and cave like, spread across two levels and wonderfully lacking in day light of any kind. As I said, I haven't been when the whole place is vibrating with music, and packed with people, so I've got more Cab Vol experiencing to do! However, it's worth heading there on a Tuesday night, when entry is free and music is dubstep, house, and techno. It's definitely going to be the first night I head there anyway.
3	Maybe it's just because I'm old, but I swear this place was better when it was called the Honeycomb. I lived in Edinburgh  '96-'98 and was a regular back then.Had the same experience as Gavin M. in having to pay twice to get into both rooms -- except we only paid for one and sneaked into the other later on.The night I was there, Jon Pleased Wimmin -- who I was very excited about; I'm old, remember -- was playing upstairs. He was disappointing; looked like he couldn't be arsed as he kept wandering off somewhere.We sneaked downstairs and it was like the old days again -- even spotted a few of the old faces.I won't hurry back, but for nostalgia's sake, I will be back.
3	So there I was with no ticket or even a poor soul to drag along with me but I was determined to see the resplendent Walter Schreifels & Band. A cheeky face value ticket from the support act, you say? That'll do nicely thanks. (Aside; I abhor the middleman that comes with booking online so from now on I'm going through the actual acts themselves. Stick it to the Man, man!) Close to Waverley Station and nought but a short walk over North Bridge. It's got a nice cosy cave-like feel to it, ideal for gigs. Now I've not been on a 'night out' here and to be honest I'm not exactly bothered by that. Dark nooks & crannies are my favourite spots but no need to take a sudden deep interest in your shoes; your fellow patrons are friendly and it's not hard to strike up a pleasant conversation here. There's one thing I really dislike about Cabaret Voltaire though and I think it puts a dampener on things; come 10pm, no matter, the place gets cleared out for a club night at 11pm. It's like your parents coming home annoyingly early and chucking your pals out. As well as you. And the entertainment. Uncool in my opinion. A-OK-and a half.
4	I've been here on a number of occasions to see bands and I really like it. I've also heard that the club nights are very good.It's a bit like a cave, would make a good Goth club!
4	Judging by past reviews of Cabaret Voltaire, it's something of an Edinburgh institution. But it had shut down, right? Nope. Cab Vol just relaunched last night (May 2012) and is looking quite sexy I must say.I hadn't actually seen it before the relaunch, but was told that whilst it was still cool in it's underground cave-y-ness, it could get a little humid (exactly because of the underground cave-y-ness) and was a bit fousty.With that so-fresh new-paint smell still lingering, whatever they did has served it very well. A nice bar upstairs, with big booths up the back, and apparently cocktails in teapots with dry ice to follow soon (I KNOW), then the sprawling club downstairs with two different dance floors and two different bars, it's got a lot going for it.The crowd on the night of relaunch were young. I mean, I'm youngish (I think...I hope still maybe?) and I felt a bit old here. But that was relaunch night. I'm sure as it settles and the club nights become a bit more routine it'll mix it up. Given the area (Cowgate) and it's tipsy-tripping distance from some other great bars, it's the best club in the nearby area I'd wager.It's underground, so it's dark. And it's still cave-y (well I meant it's in the Edinburgh vaults / caves) but the rooms are all big enough it's not a squeeze, there's cool wee touches like cinema seats in one bar, and neon piping round some others. I'm looking forward to heading back when it settles a bit - but so far, so good.
4	The best club in Edinburgh in my opinion. There is an upper bar and lounge area that leads to a seated area filled with bench seating for groups At 11pm the downstairs potion of the club opens up and although its 7 pounds to get stamped if you show up at around 10:30 you can get in without a line and get down to the lower level quickest. the lower part of the club is broken up into 4 sections. 2 dance floors conjoined by a bar/ lounge area and a chill room on the far side. there are also 2 more bars downstairs , because at around 2 am ( club runs till around 3) it is so crowded that you cannot hardly moved through the fog.The Cabaret Voltaire also has a coat check downstairs, its 1.5 pounds but you want to check any jackets as it gets extremely hot once it gets filled. A great place for groups on the weekend, check the web sight for dj line ups and special events.
