4	There is nothing fancy about this Goodwill but I always find good stuff here.  Their prices are moderate--not overly high nor super cheap.  A couple trips I've found more than the usual amount of yarn here but as with everything else it's  the luck of the of the draw.  They seem to have fewer men's T shirts than the other stores. It's a somewhat smaller store so their aisles can get pretty crowded and narrow. The clerks have been especially nice when I needed help.  I mainly come on half priced Saturday's.
5	I love shopping at Goodwill, but this Goodwill I rarely find what I want.  I was on my way to Target to get a coffee maker and thought I might stop here to see if I could quickly find one, but I couldn't.Personally, I haven't bought much from this Goodwill since it opened probably a year or so ago.  However, the customer service at this Goodwill is excellent.  People are always so cheerful and happy, personable.I just wish I could find stuff I like at this one, but alas, I can't.  However, they do have a lot of stuff and things are fairly organized.  So the excellent attitudes and customer service far out weigh everything else.
4	Located on the NE corner of Lindsey and Warner Rd. is a location I've never been to before.  Surprisingly clean but way too much of that frangrance being pumped in.  Nice products but it doesn't appear that they've got the knack for displaying the stuff.I picked up several things I didn't need, mirror and another waterer for the chicken coop, an unusual card display I can put on my desk and use for pictures or whatever, and a dehyradtor so I can crank out more treats for my puppers.Yep, I feel like I scored.Using my 20% off coupon upped my savings AND I even shared it with a fellow shopper to help save her some pennies too.
2	Meh- I'm not impressed with this Goodwill. The selection wasn't great, the place was dirtier than I've seen most other Goodwill locations when I went in, and checking out must have taken at least 20 minutes with the lack of cashiers available. I'll search out other locations next time instead of this one.
