5	This place is the real deal. They used to have a location downtown that was a legend, but this lives up to the legacy.So on weekend mornings they have cheap greasy spoon breakfast and absolutely dirty, filthy porn. Three TV's of it. And a bloody mary bar to seal the deal. Make sure you stop by after church and cleanse your soul.One of my friends (a girl, so she doesn't know much about porn) says she will take her kids here to promote abstinence.Anyways, just an awesome little bar - not too far out of the way- that is down to earth and lets you keep your own tab. Cash only for sure. Go during the week if you can't handle eating + obscenity.
5	i tell everyone about this place. it TRULY is the stuff legends are made of. SmutMuffin? EggsBenaDick? yea...they've got that piece! ok, seriously...PornBreakfastpardon me...is there anything better? if so, please...enlighten me.everyone needs to go here at least once in their life.
5	The breakfast was sooooo awesome- compared to what I thought it might be.  Quite reasonablly priced too! Atmosphere is contagious with fun, liked the bartenders shirt that said " I don't need sex" then on the back " the government screws me everyday" & tasty Bloody Mary w/ bar 4 the fixins & the shows were decent &  tasteful I thought  ;)~
2	Some people love this place.   We don't.   Certainly not our cup of tea if you may and others should know this before they check this place out.  When I think dive bar, Bennett's comes to mind.  It's an old establishment and many that like it is because they have gone there for years and it has sort of become a kind of Madison fixture.  We think that's fine and for people that like going there, you are most welcome to.It's kind of scuzzy, but not terrible.  The prices are fine.   Never been to Smut and Eggs and never will.  They have a good karaoke set up.    When I've been there there have always been seedy characters hanging around but never felt unsafe.  Just kind of uncomfortable.  It doesn't have a lot of room. There was nothing that was inviting about the place. The dance floor is about 20 by 20 feet.   Then there are some benches that are about 30 by 20 or even less.   Then the bar runs along the back.Peace guys.   Just calling it as I see it.
4	A solid little dive bar; not quite worthy of 4-full stars, but I'm feeling generous today.I met some friends at Bennett's the other night and was pleasantly surprised.  Judging the book by the cover (looking at the place from the outside), I felt a little like I may be walking into the bar from the movie Dusk 'til Dawn... Gravel parking lot, a bit rundown, and an interesting cast of characters out front.Inside, things didn't get much better, but the service and drink prices were spectacular.  We grabbed 4 seats at the bar and were promptly greeted and happily taken care of by the bartenders.  Service remained spectacular all night.Jukebox isn't quite as good as some others, but was passable.  The food coming from the grill area looked great; we didn't eat anything, but I wouldn't hesitate to order something in the future; maybe their $2 weekday breakfast?  (2 eggs, 2 bacon, hash browns, and toast)Interesting bumper stickers and kitschy items hang in the place.  Nothing too raunchy; as long as you're not an overly sensitive prude, you'll be OK.  If you're hoping for a modern, sterile sportsbar, you'll want to look elsewhere.If it's inexpensive drinks, good-looking food, and a survivable atmosphere, you'll be happy with this place.
4	Have you heard rumors about Smut and Eggs?  You know, the place in Madison that shows hard corn porn on the TV's during breakfast hours on the weekends?  This is that place.  You know what?  It's not a big deal.  By 8:30AM on a Saturday this place is pretty full.  There are third shifters enjoying a beer, retirees having a bloody mary, and average folk having a cup of coffee and an omelet who are oblivious to the chick getting drilled on the television just 20 feet away.The breakfast is actually pretty good.  The omelet was very tasty and sat on a small plate covered in hash browns and toast.  The quality is below what you'd get at Denny's I will admit.  But does Denny's have naked people on a television?  I rest my case.  The rest of the day this place is a salt-of-the-Earth type bar.  Very relaxed atmosphere that makes for a good place to share a pitcher with friends and have a conversation.  There is even an RV outside where you can have a cigarette.  As for a good place to relax, meet anyone from a plumber to school board member, and have a good beer after a long day of work, this is the place.  And Smut and Eggs.  That is good too.
3	Like the place; definite dive bar, but breakfast and service are very good. Interesting atmosphere on sat/sun mornings for porn in the morn....you really get desensitized to the porn after the third time or so that you attend one of those events. A lot of hardcore gambling machine players too if you're into that sort of thing.... The machines get a lot of mileage.Only thing I don't like about this place is the bathrooms...they don't necessarily smell awful but you can smell "old, but cleanish bathroom" scent in roughly a quarter of the bar. ventilation in those bathrooms needs to be redone.
5	HELLOpeople this is the real deal,it is wisconsin at it'ts finest.Where else can you go and have a burger made of real meat and have a conversation with a local guy that is there,like clock work, everyday at the same time.I live in chicago,downtown in the west loop.I love Bennets.If this place was here in Chicago I would be there.
2	There are Dive BARS who possess a charming atmosphere due mostly to the regulars who frequent and a feeling of warmth and high hospitality. Bennetts McC was a horrible miss.I'm not going to write a lengthy review  but am compelled to hit on the basics of extreme horribleness and unprofessionalism.On the evening of Oct 9, my good friend and I wanted a nibble and a cocktail somewhere close in the area. My friend grew up here so she knew of this dive bar and some who worked there so I was more than excited to try it out.i could go through the detail of the place but I need to get to the point on hand.We sat at the half empty bar and were asked what we wanted to drink. The bar server never even smiled.Another tall frown faced woman approached us as we asked for menus.This woman recommended the special which she boasted she had created herself from homemade. I being a sucker for what sounded like homemade comfort food was wiling to give this a try.Before out first drinks were even half way consumed, two plates (a shared meal) were thrust in front of us.These plates held a ham slice that was thin and extremely dry. not unlike leather, canned gray string beans, an old biscuit which was a Pillsbury Grand around maybe 11 that morning, and this gummy mushy microwaved horrible bland macaroni and cheese plopped there with an "I dare you to you to eat me" kind of presence.Upon spying this sadness,I said aloud to my friend. " I can't eat this"....The tall frown face server heard this and promptly snatched the plates away from us and started arguing taking the comment very personally. she was livid angry and tried to start a fight .all cause of this so called food.At that point I paid for out two drinks as posted on the bill...(there was no food charge) and took my friend and left. I mean wow...is that really the way you run a business? I would have gladly just ordered something else.  ( i heard their burgers are great)Very rude both servers were, highly unpredicted unprofessional behavior and NO WAY acceptable as a way to generate customers and dollars. DIVE or not.
5	Lets be clear, this is a DIVE Bar.  It's small, low lit, the prices are cheap, the drinks are strong, the burgers are big, and the people are friendly.  If you are looking for a place to relax after work and get something good to eat, this is the place.  The Bacon Cheeseburger is actually smothered with real bacon (and only $5), and they offer fresh homemade onion rings.  Thursday mornings they offer the $2 special - 2 eggs, toast, bacon, and hash browns.  Don't go here if you are expecting a high-end bar or college hangout, it's a working man's (or woman's) bar.   P.S.  They offer Smut and Eggs on the weekends, so I would avoid bringing the children.
5	Two dollar breakfast on Thursday mornings.  Went there with a few guys from work.  Its a good hole in the wall place for decent food.The guy who runs it is really friendly and approachable.
1	If you like your eggs, hash browns and bacon with a side of 70's porn and a dash of despair, this is the place for you. It's an institution because of the novelty, not because of the food or atmosphere. So, if you keep your expectations low and your hands on the table top, you'll get through it just fine. Coffee with a shot of Kahlua helps.
4	Went for Porn in the Morn. The most distracting breakfast I've ever had! Food: Denver omelet was okay. The hashbrowns were a bit mushy for my liking. Omelet was decent. You go here for the experience of eating breakfast and watching porn. You can't be in a bad mood here! Definitely worth checking out!4 for the experience. 2 for the food.
4	Re breakfast:  Food is pretty simple, not an expansive menu, but has something for everyone. Lots of bacon! Have a Bloody Mary bar which Ive seen with basic fixings to more expansive; guess it depends on the day.  Still have the $2 thursday breakfast and $1 burgers on Mondays.  Great happy hour drink specials.
