5	A great place for guys to get haircuts in Chambana. They have a big HD flatscreen on ESPN and totally run with the whole 'garage' motif. I have been to similar concepts in other places (there is a chain that decorates the place like a locker room, and another called State Street up in Chicago that goes old-timey) but this place is 100% local and has an innovative offering that delivers good value. Clutch's offers a whole bunch of a la carte 'manly' services, if you consider neck and nostril waxing and mint scalp rubs manly. They also do shaves. They also serve beer out of a cooler that looks like a toolbox. Bud Light and Bud Diesel. Nothing better than a domestic lager in the middle of the day. It is a bit awkward to sneak sips in while fur is flying, but its better than not drinking beer.I just got the $20 shampoo cut and style, and was pretty happy with the result. I think the quality of the hair cut I got was nearly on par with trips to Ippatsu and almost as good as H20, but for half the price. They take appointments, but I walked in.Oh yeah, one last thing that is probably worth mentioning: the hairstylists are hot. They dress the part too. So there's that.
5	Took my son (2 years old) for his first "big boy haircut". They have daily specials, incl. a Father-Son special, which my husband and son took advantage of. They couldn't have been nicer or better prepared for boys or men of any age - Capri Suns, candy and cartoons for little boys, beer or soda for grown ups. They were fantastic with my squirming and scared son and his hair looks great, despite his wiggling. We will definitely return! And the prices are great! I want to go and get my hair cut there - I'd like a soda and ESPN while I get my hair done!
4	This place offers good value for money compared to other places in CU. In my experience the cuts are decent but not the best around. Of course you can have a beer while your hair's being cut, its hard to beat that!
5	This review will cover the two visits I have recently had at Clutch Cuts.  While they do accept walk-ins, it is a lot easier to call ahead and get an appointment.  They get pretty busy in the afternoons.The first visit as a walk-in was to get my 2-year-old son's hair cut.  He hasn't done well when it comes to getting his hair cut.  However with the cartoons and a sucker, Sybli was able to cut his hair.  She was very helpful and was able to get his hair cut.  Well worth the visit to have his mop trimmed.Today, I saw Alexis for a haircut.  It was the first time I didn't feel like I was being rushed out of the chair.  My wife, for the first time, really likes the way it was cut and styled.  Needless to say, I'll be making an appointment for a future visit.
3	Not bad.  The last couple of times I went, they definitely have pared back on the eye-candy staff that they put in their photo, which is most of their gimmick.  Haircuts are okay, not the best I've had.  I bought a certificate from News-Gazette for the works and I didn't get the works, the girl I got left a couple of things out.  It's a nice concept, it generated word of mouth, but it could use some improvement.  The decor is pretty cool, along with the flat screens and cold beverages.  I think I'll stick with my genuine barber shop, where the hair is the priority and they know how to do men's heads better.
5	After some research and a negative experience at another haircut place, I've found Clutch Cuts to be perfect for me. Clean room and staff that seems to be genuinely interested in you make good first impression. Thank to reservation system, there's no wait time. The quality of service and the price satisfy me 100%. Convenient location and free parking for customers worth extra bonus points.I neither asked for nor was offered any cold beverages, but maybe it's because I looked too young.Going to use their service again soon.
5	I just got my haircut by Ashley the other day and she did a great job. I love that I pull in get a haircut and neck shave and then jet. Even had the nose hairs yanked out. First place I've liked going to get my haircut in a long time. Sports clips is a BoRics with pushy sales people with referee shirts on. I'm sticking with Clutch.
5	Sylbi: Very attentive to what I was looking for in a cut and telling me what goes into making it work.  Wound up with the best looking haircut that I've had in a long time!  Very personable and friendly.
5	Great Idea. More than an haircut. The atmosphere is geared toward men. A beer, a haircut, ear wax, hot towel, shampoo, you can't beat it. I had my haircut by Lauren. She was very attentive and professional. An the conversation was nice. I will be going back.
5	I love getting my haircut at Clutch because I'm a butch dyke and Sylbi gives me an awesome dude's cut, complimentary beer,  excellent anecdotes, cable tv sport, and zero awkwardness.  There is great camaraderie amongst the staff and awesome garage decor.
5	Customer Service Score = 100%The cut = Great! Ashley took her time and made my ugly mop nice and tame.The vibe of this place is exactly what's needed when getting a haircut.Definitely will be back.
