3	Bottom line -  if you NEED to see your football game, this bar will have it guaranteed.  Seating is a bit limited, so get there at least an hour early to get a decent seat in front of your screen.  If you can go to a Champps, you'd be better off there.Not a bad spot to watch a Vikings game in Madison.  There will be only two games with audio at once, one of them will always be the packers.  Many TVs, but there will be one, maybe two screens to watch your game - most tvs are about 30 inches.  Food is ok.  Cheese curds were great, nachos were nothing special, wings are mediocre at best.  Frosty mugs for your beer was a nice touch.  Free popcorn too.  Grub is cheap (nachos, wings, pitchers of beer $25)The one problem I had was that we only had one 32-inch screen (with audio) for about 30 vikings fans, and they cornered us in the game room next to air hockey and basketball arcade games, so it was an annoying distraction to listen to that all game.  You would think they'd show at least two screens in that room for us. For fellow vikes, you get a great community mn experience.
4	This place is fun!  Huge space, lots to do... limited parking, but park down the street.  I went there with a big group & saw SuperTuesday (great cover band, 1st time seeing them)  This place is pretty close to my place & I can see myself going more often.  There's something for everyone.  And if you are a girl, you can always get to the bar (just smile).
1	Don't bother going here to watch the NFL unless you're a Packers fan.  Refused to turn up volume in a room full of Bears fans so we could actually hear the game.
2	Ok crowd. Good place to see concerts. But stupid expensive drinks and the bartenders do not give very good service. I've downgraded this place to only a concert stop. And only then if there is nothing else going on.
2	Pooley's has too small of a parking lot to host too large of event.  Beware that the Madison Cops watch the side streets and are ready and waiting to write parking tickets.  Friends and I recently went to Pooley's for a Madison County Concert. The parking lot had over flown into the neighboring parking lots and folks ended up parking on the side street. After the show we found that everyone that parked around the corner on Cross Hill Drive had parking tickets issued.  I know we won't be going back there anytime soon.
2	Parking there is a pain in the ass. The ever popular MPD wasted no time in ticketing 10+ cars parked around the corner. The signs read, no parking between 10 PM and 5 AM - hrm, seems be aimed directly at the Bar business. WTF.  Perhaps the obnoxious, money grubbing city of Madison could consider issuing *warnings* first, or make the tickets a nominal fine, like 5 bucks. Oh, we can't do that and still fund the liberal bike boxes, can we ? Or buy snow making machines. So instead of wisely spending money, they'll sock it to people out and about. Way to go Madison. The bar itself is fine, plenty of room, except, the bathrooms - they should put in MORE! There were girls in the men's bathroom waiting to use the stall.
4	I have been going here a long time. Since they opened. Since they had Inddor Sand Courts. The staff are friendly. Not sure about this new food service.... But I don't goto a bar for food. I goto a bar to have fun. This place is a blast, did I forget to mention about the outdoor patio and live music. No I do not work there. No I do not own anything. I am just someone who has always been treated right. I feel that when a place treats you right. You do the same.
4	Typical sports bar layout: taps, cheap drinks and a ton of tv's. They've a semi-separate room for pool and darts. Saw the Packers opener here. The table service was friendly and polite, and very quick with drinks. The rounds ordered from the bar were quick, too. The bartenders were good guys, joked a lot, and seemed happy to be there doing what they do...which is exactly what I look for. Also of note, they have an insane amount of sports memorabilia, with a ton signed, from all across the spectrum and the last six-plus decades. This place is definitely worth a visit or two, as the atmosphere was great for the game. A bit long of a wait for typical bar food is the only drawback.
1	This place is awful.  Drinks are way overpriced and weaker than a popcorn fart.The place is filthy inside and smells like a old, sweaty jock strap.Staff is slower than molasses and you'd see the Minnesota Vikings in the Super Bowl before you get served.Always a testicle festival.  No hot single chicks here.  Rather buy a 12 pack of Ultra and spend my Friday night under a bridge.Go Packers!!!!!!
2	We went here to watch football on Sunday, and even though they were very very slow...service was lacking.  They seem to have a lot of regulars around the bar, who occupy the attention of the bartenders. Otherwise, being a "regular" customer, it was hard to get service. I was also a little bit disturbed because the girl bartender, who clearly just rolled out of bed after a long new years eve celebration, was sitting on the counter..with her shoes placed on the SAME spot where they place the clean glasses--mouth down. The atomosphere was great, and I think this could be a great place to watch a game, but wouldn't make the drive back out there with the service we had.
4	If you are a sports fan and enjoy all kinds of memoribilia then this is a place for you.  They have so much memoribilia and signed stuff.  Very fun to look at.This is a great place to watch a Badger game if you don't have tickets.The food is great too.  I personally recommend the Italian beef and sausage combo with peppers.  Wash is down with a cold beer and you are set.
2	This would be the perfect site for the TV shows "Bar Rescue" or "Kitchen Nightmares."The biggest weakness was the waitress we had. Slow service for both the drinks and our food. This is a bar: the drinks should have come fast and furious. The food arrived before the plates. The waitress forgot my water. Waitress never checked to see if I wanted another drink.Places like this should be using mystery shoppers to test and improve their service. And this bar is in Madison, WI, where there are a million other bars one can go to.
5	Pooley's has partnered with a new restaurant and the food is AMAZING! I was skeptical to return there after a bad experience with the old restaurant owner and the food has improved 150%... I will definitely be going back for nachos and the Italian beef and enjoy myself a Capitol Seasonal!
2	Have been to Pooley's numerous times during trips to state basketball tournaments. The experience had always been good, but not today. Even though there were few patrons, waited 20 minutes for our beverages, and 45 minutes for our meal. The server was woefully untrained, and the bartender seemed to be annoyed when we asked for our drinks.  Food was just averge, price was ok. Service was poor.
4	Always a fun place to hang with friends. They even have Angry Orchard on tap, my FAVE cider and on tap??? Def gained an extra star for that grand idea. First time having the Kipp's Special Personal Pizza....delish! Meat lovers delight for real! Bacon. Ham. Pepperoni.  Sausage.  !!!! It was pretty darn good for less than $10. Awesome sports memorabilia surrounds you and there's plenty of TV screens to go around for every sporting event playing that day. The menu is pretty extensive and there's even a sand volleyball pit in the back. Plenty of room for parking and easy to find. I give it 4 stars only because I don't want to come to a sports bar and see little kids running around.  This is an adult playground,  leave the kids at home!
5	This review is a long time coming since I've been to Pooley's for pinball an embarrassing number of times in the last couple months. There's good reason - they have 4 pinball games!First of all, Pooley's is home to Mad Rollin Pinball (AKA Madison Pinball) - I haven't made it out for a tournament but it's exciting that they host. Madison Pinball is a group of local collectors and enthusiasts and the games you see at Pooley's come from them. Currently they have: Addams Family, Space Shuttle, Star Trek, and Fun House.I love Addams Family, in fact it's my second favorite pinball in Madison! It's a very fun game with some cool magnet effects, including a seance mode (you just have to check it out). Space Shuttle is really fascinating for an older game but may be slow-moving for folks who are interested in more modern pinball. Star Trek - variations of this game are common around Madison but its still a favorite game of mine. I first began to understand pinball strategy playing Star Trek and think its a great game to start a pinball obsession for anyone. Fun House is frustrating but a classic as well, another solid game. Next to Rossi's, I think this is the best place to bring a group for pinball. Outside of the games, Pooley's gets a win because the bartenders are always kind and a few of them are pinball nuts too.
2	I had been to Pooley's only once prior to this past Saturday. I really have no desire to return ever again. My roommates and I had heard they have some pinball machines, and wanted to check that out. Who doesn't love pinball?! Well, their pinball machines ares mostly pretty lame. The only machine worthy of your time or money is the Star Trek machine, which is pretty awesome. The others aren't so great. The Addams Family machine looks awesome, but man does it cheat!So we did quickly glance at Yelp regarding their food, and we thought it was probably going to be mediocre...but we were hungry.  And it was indeed mediocre. My chicken sandwich was pretty basic California Chicken. It came smothered in some sort of spread. If you are going to use a cheap bun, you can't just smother both sides! My sandwich felt apart immediately. Ugh. The chicken was a little underdone as well, verging on pink. I didn't get sick from eating it, so that's a plus. I gave half of it to my roommate and he didn't get sick either. So the three of us all ate mediocre chicken sandwiches and we survived. People seem to like their pizza, so maybe go with that.The crowd was also interesting. A bunch of bros and bottle blondes. That sums it up pretty accurately, actually. I felt some hard glares from across the bar from some sketchy looking dudes. With limited physical strength, I would absolutely not feel safe going to Pooley's alone on a Saturday night. Absolutely not. Maybe the daytime crowd doesn't look so threatening. The bartenders were friendly, and did a great job. They should migrate somewhere else, because I'd gladly order from them again. But, I will not return to Pooley's. No way.
5	Great atmosphere for any sporting event or place to meet some friends. Large open area with plenty of seating and tv's.
