4	I haven't had a moment to pamper myself in awhile...when I did this time, I wanted to stick close to home and get a pedicure.  I walked in here and was the only customer they had.  I was greeted warmly, and noted it was clean and comfortably appointed without being overbearing.  The pedicure I got was one of the best I've had, and the best since I've had in Vegas!!  I mentioned I don't wear acrylics anymore, and wondered about the new "gels thingy" option.  I was told it's called Gelish, and provided a cost for the pedicure, manicure, and including Gelish...all total, it was about $12 more than I normally paid for a pedicure!  I'm IN!!  One attendant on my feet, another on my hands, and I was out of there in about an hour.  NICE!!  They charge you $5 processing fee if you use your card, but I didn't mind because my feet felt fantastic, and my hands look nice too.  The Gelish seems to be a nail hardener type of deal that is still somewhat flexible, but not as extreme as acrylic and not nearly as painful either.  I'd give them 5 stars but I want to withhold judgement until I see if their claim of not needing another Gelish manicure for 3 weeks holds up!
1	Went with a girlfriend on a whim because its close to campus. Very nice staff. Friendly funny but not too talkative. Impressed with their gel mani and pedi. A bit expensive because they don't tell you upfront that they charge for the mani pedi and then an extra charge fee for gel which was 15$ on top of 10$ for the mani. I guess that wasn't too bad. Had to take a star off because wasps flew in the building a few times and I flipped out. Thankfully they had and electric fly swatter and killed them all and then closed the front door. All in all professional and convenient. My nails look good that was the main point so mission accomplished.UPDATE: two days later all my gels came off ALL OF THEM. Went back and she fixed them for me free of charge. Two days later same problem. Wont be going back. Sad but true...
2	I was desperate to find a nail salon to do both my nails and eyebrows, I had company coming over the next day from out of state and didn't want to look unflattering. My regular nail and eyebrow tech wasn't working so I decided to give i Nails a try.They have a lovely shop but that alone doesn't make up for their bad work. I decided to go with a gel manicure which looked bad by the time I was done, I didn't want to complain though since there was already another customer complaining. They used 3 coats on my gel nails, it looked sloppy and you could see the strokes from the brush in the polish and on top of that there were little pieces of fuzz sticking to it and that are still stuck there since they didn't clean it off.On to the next service. My eyebrows looked horrible, they took too much off, way more than I'm used to, to top it off the eyebrow tech said next time I needed to come back in with bushy eyebrows because she couldn't really work with them and I hadn't waxed or plucked them in over a month, she had plenty to work with. I've never had this problem with my regular tech or any other eyebrow tech, she also gave them a completely different shape. When I got home there were a lot of little  hairs that she didn't take off, she only waxed them but didn't clean them up. My eyebrows looked like a hot mess. I won't be coming back at all, I'd rather wait an extra day or have a long wait time at the mall just to make sure I'm with someone who does great work.  I'm truly disappointed with this place.
