4	Delicious tartares. Plenty of choices, plenty of styles. Take out only!
5	Great tartares!!!
3	I didn't love it. I love the original Marche 27, but this one, I don't know, it missed the mark for me. Maybe tartare isn't something I want to order the same way I order a burger? They have a large selection of tartare, tuna, salmon, beef, veal, etc. And several tartare styles, like thai, spicy, tropical, japanese, etc. Do you want chips, celery or croutons? And you can order 100g, 150g or 200g. That's a lot of selection for tartare!In the end, I went with 100g of red tuna tartare prepared thai style, a side order of fries and a cola. Ordering was a bit terse; like fast-food, it was not a problem, just odd, not unfriendly, just a little cold. That said, it was very efficient. Bing bang, order in!The tartare looked nice and healthy, fresh (at which point I realized I went against my rule of no fish on Mondays!) with cilantro & shallots popping their colours. 100g is more than enough for lunch or for a light supper, it's probably about 1/3 cup. Unfortunately, the tartare lacked seasoning, there was no zing, no pizzazz, it fell flat. Next came the french fries, shoestrings fries that were seasoned nicely, crispy outside and tender inside. I really could have just ordered the fries and been a lot happier.Funny enough, I added some of the fries to my tartare and it did improve the flavour quite a bit. A little more lemon (or acidity) and it would have improved the tartare quite a bit. My overall takeaway is that I wouldn't go back to Marche 27 Express again, maybe for novelty, but other than that, it just doesn't make the cut.
4	Tartare to go! Tartare to go! Yes, it's called express for a reason. This is no sit-down place, although there are 3 tables and a bar .  I really did go there for express reasons and ordered a spicy style 150 g salmon tartare for 13 dollars. MMM, when I walked out of there and finally reached my destination, sat and ate that tartare...it was heaven. Spicy style is really one you all should try. In fact, it is sadly the only style I have tried since it was my first visit. But I have faith in the other style tartare.My tartare came with these super amazing chips too...and I ordered a regular salad which is overpriced for what it was. That is my only complaint really, $3.50 for a small, ordinary salad. But the rest did not disappoint me.Stop by this place for a light lunch if you're looking for nothing, and nothing but tartare!
4	It is on the pricey side but it is really good.  You first choose what kind of tartar you want, then your sauce and then your side.  You have to pay extra for sides like french fries though as the included choices are chips, croutons or celery.  I am a big fan of the beef tartar with the spicy sauce which has a nice kick to it.   I like to pay extra and get french fries  as they are really good here and come with a tasty mayo for dipping.
4	Great add on to the healthy  fast food trend.
4	Really cool concept that I've never seen it in U.S or E.U....or maybe I was wrong.Basically, it's a small restaurant w/ limited seating where you can get multiple varieties of tartare, from beef, duck, tuna, salmon, smoked salmon, and veal.We weren't sure the first time we ordered it, after eating a big platter of the tartare tastings...I was so glad that I tried itGood flavor, you can tell that it's fresh because numero uno-I didn't get sick 24-48hrs later and you can tell by the flavor as well.Affordable and I would consider it as a somewhat healthy option for lunch..unless you can't eat raw protein then it's not so good...Give this place a try when you're in Montreal, QC, it's located very close to the shopping district.
