5	The Park House, thank the heavens above, is reopened after a 6-month hiatus.  This is my favorite North Side neighborhood bar.  It's convenient to the sports stadiums and the North Side cultural attractions, it's close to bus stops for virtually all the North Side bus routes, and it's the only place in town where you're encouraged to gorge yourself on free peanuts and fling the shells on the floor.  (I suppose you probably shouldn't come if you have a peanut allergy.)The Park House prides itself on its strong selection of microbrews and craft beers, especially local beers, but you can get pretty good mixed drinks there if beer isn't your thing.  The menu is undergoing a revamping, but the giant and delicious nachos remain.  (The gyros are also pretty tasty, and they had a Thai chicken special the other night that was delicious.)  The interior of the bar is welcoming and classic, with heavy wooden bar and booths/tables, and a painted tin ceiling.    The owner and all the bartenders are super-friendly and nice people.My husband and I frequent the Park House on game nights.  The crowd tends to be friendly and social, but not staggering drunk or trying to hit on people.  All in all, it's my favorite spot to get a beer or three and watch some football.
3	It has rebounded from when it closed in 08 and now does some veg stuff along with the bar food. I'd still much rather eat up the street at Max's though.That said the clientele is nice/colorful & im glad it's reopened.
4	I love this place.  They'll all know your name after the second or third visit and people tend to be very welcoming and open without being too "Cheers-y"Food is above average for a bar, especially the Middle Eastern selections.
5	This is one of my favorite bars in Pittsburgh. They have  been getting a lot of bands to play. Especially font of the Wednesday night Blue Grass jam night. The hummus is great. The staff is exceptionally friendly and knows my name. They have a great beer selection too.
5	Ahh the Park House.Oh so you say you are looking for a bar? Wait what's that, you would like to have a live blue grass night?..Okay Okay...hold up..you want an historic building to house it all? Well then my friends I have a place for you. Grab your shoes and wallet and make your way there. Hungry? Get a Park House burger or even a Mexican War Street burger..hell try out the hummus..it's all great. Don't let the humble sized kitchen fool you..it cranks out some great meals. Great for those who prefer a manly dart board aka a non electric one. Terrific for those who prefer imported beer from all over. If you like free peanuts and popcorn..don't pass this place up. The very environment the bar unintentionally spews from the walls themselves will leave you wanting to come back. Think of the show Cheers, the edginess of Ireland and the heart of folk all bended together (for 2-4 mins depending on the blender) and you my friends have the Park House.
5	After my first visit to the Park House it immediately became my favorite bar in Pittsburgh. The staff really makes this bar for me. They are always extremely friendly, happy to joke around with you, and quick with a refill. The owner, Zamir, is always behind the bar helping out or working in his make shift kitchen to prepare some pretty stellar burgers, sandwiches, and some of the best Middle Eastern fare around.The Park house has really nice selection of craft beers, all of which are very reasonably priced. I always end up going with a Yuengling because for some reason it just tastes fantastic here. All of their drafts are always served ice cold and taste super fresh.Just as a heads up, this place is on the small side and it isn't loaded with  tv's (though it does have two small ones above the bar.) This is a great bar to get together with friends, share some laughs, beers, and falafels.
5	"Can you believe that the only reason the club is going under is because it's in a terrifying neighborhood?" - Gob Bluth.  This place is SO unbelievably cool.  The taps are constantly changing up, the specials are awesome, and my biggest surprise was that the food was amazing.The waitstaff and bartenders are knowledgeable, efficient and friendly.  And the owner of the bar who doubles as the chef is a charming mofo.OH, and, you get to throw peanut shells on the damn floor.  I would never have guessed that I would gain such satisfactions from a never ending supply of peanuts and popcorn, but I do.  I really do.*note: this place would be fucking deadly for anybody with a peanut allergy.*The crowd is usually awesome and they have live music regularly.  It's in an emerging area of the North Side.  It's an area that really has come leaps and bounds from when I was growing up here, but it can still get pretty sketchy later in the evening.  I say this as a smoker who gets to go outside and watch the circus as it unfolds.Places like this are why the North Side has always been such an awesome area and will eventually regain the crowds of it's glory days.  It's not like a mirrored-room with polka dot mannequins, but then again, what is?Oh right.
3	Interesting place, with interesting patrons. The drinks are super cheap - and I was pleasantly surprised when I got my bill. There are peanut shells all over the place, I was a bit concerned initially, but then realized that this was acceptable behavior. Completely a chill place, unpretentious, a bit dark, and different than other bars that I usually frequent in the Pittsburgh area. I'm not sure that I'd make a special trip to this place, but it's not like I'm going to try to avoid it. If my path leads me here again, then I'll go with it!
3	Who doesn't like a bar where you can eat unlimited salty popcorn and unlimited peanuts for FREE!  AND you can throw the peanut shells on the floor...just like home.  I mean, not really, that's just the clothes in my closet.  The atmosphere is like one of those bars where you know half the people come in there every night.  There's even mugs for them!  Being an outsider was okay though, no weird looks for the regs, all are welcome!Beer on tap are mixed between the regulars: Yuengling, Mad Hat, Guiness and lots of seasonal and rotating beers.  I love a place with a good draft offering.  I'm way more into a draft than a bottle.  Don't ask me why...maybe because the gulps can be bigger:)Perks: Non smoking, best bar choice on East Ohio and, of course, FREE popcorn and peanuts...did I mention that yet?!It's definitely a great place to chill out with friends on a Saturday night, and eat a crap load of popcorn!
4	After doing some drinking at some other places, we landed at Park House. Load me up with some more drinks and the free popcorn and peanuts (which you can just toss the scraps on the floor). I'm sold!! The beers were reasonably priced and this was the type of place where you can gather with friends and just hang out. No pressure at all. The lighting wasn't too dark so it felt intimate where you were sitting. Seems like a neighborhood bar where everyone knew each other. If I find myself in the area again I would head to Park House though there was the occasional creeper but I guess you can find them anywhere.
3	I went to Park House after much internal deliberation. And after reading all the high reviews from fellow yelpers.   This bar is less than 5 minutes from where I live.  I stopped in on a Saturday night and was pleased with the music that was playing and also the fact that the bar was not overcrowded. The bar tender barely acknowledged me the whole night.  There wasn't any free peanuts or popcorn when I visited. Nor did they have the beer that I like on tap.  I did get a very tasty double chocolate stout, which I found to be delicious in every way.  The owner of the place even gave me an annoyed look.Saturday night is usually a crappy night to try out any new place.  The service was slow but I got the feeling that the bartender couldn't be bothered to wait on me.  I haven't completely written this place off.  I'll just try again during the week.
4	Went my first time for Thursday karaoke and had a blast!  They serve mediterranean fare; at least half the menu is vegetarian/easily vegan.  There are at least 2 bike racks outside, cars have decent options too.  At 10pm an improv comedy group showed... you can imagine the energy.  Super fun night, met some cool people, ate healthy food.  Oh yes, and it's no smoking!     Downside?  It's a little pricey, but the quality is there, so... you decide.
4	I have driven by this place a bunch of times and just recently realized that A:  it exists, and B: it's a bar.  I was encouraged to come here by the insistence of a friend who comes in enough that it's just a matter of time before he has his own personalized mug.  They have a surprisingly excellent beer selection, mostly micros.  The drafts aren't cheap, at $5-$8 a draft but Happy Hour is from 6-8pm and is $2 off a draft. We also tried the food.  While nothing to write home about, it's not bad by any means.  Decent falafel, hummus, lamb gyro...very Middle Eastern-centric.  I'm pretty sure I also ate my weight in peanuts and popcorn.I don't necessarily know that Park House will enter in my regular rotation, but I will absolutely join my friend in support of his quest for the mug.
5	Really great place to go. There was bluegrass music playing when I went which was a pleasant surprise. It wasn't too loud, so you could talk with others at your table. The food and service was great. Definitely want to come back here again
5	The food is great, the beer selection is good, and the staff is amazing. A real life cheers.
4	Having already eaten dinner somewhere else, I decided to walk over to The Park House to check out Pittsburgh's self proclaimed "Oldest Tavern." As far as a straight-up bar review, I was impressed with both the beers they had on tap (20+) and in numerous bottles. Plus, I liked how they have Happy Hour later than most other places, from 6-8 pm ($2 off all drafts). Always looking to try something new and/or local, I ordered a pint of Helltown Mischievous Brown ale, brewed in Mount Pleasant, PA. Not bad. If you're hungry, you can either grab some complimentary popcorn or peanuts to snack on. The bartender was very good, as was the variety of music. That, combined with the groups of jolly patrons at the surrounding tables and it's no surprise this is a popular, local hangout. Glad I stopped by.
4	I like that this bar is really low key and has a great selection of ciders. I reccomend it as a nice out of the way place or a way to get into the Norhside if you haven't already.
4	This place is like none other! Bar, yes-but so much more! Great food! Great people! It's the Pittsburgh CHEERS with a kick of Healthy! YEP-I said healthy. For example-the menu is limited, but everything is great!! How about trying the Golani Platter-veggie dish with wonderful spices! Hummus, pita, feta and an amazing spinach patty -the likes I've never had before!Love it there and would encourage those interested in a bar atmospher with a twist to try it. You won't be disappointed.
4	The Park House is a great place to drink. They have a very good beer selection and even though the kitchen is a 4 foot by 4 foot square behind the bar the food is really good. They have all you can eat Popcorn and Peanuts so you will never be in want of something to snack on while drinking your favorite beer. They have live bands several times a week my favorite being Tuesdays which often features local Blue Grass musicians.  The down side to this place for me is that it's a little on the expensive side. They have a majority of their beers that are 6+ bucks a pint which a bit much. You can get some for $4.50 - $5  but it cuts your selection significantly. It definitely makes you think twice before going here often. I just wish all their beers were under $5 because I would probably try and go here more often.  Over all it's a great bar the owner is a nice guy and you're going to have a great time.
5	I can't say enough great things about this place.  I have never had a bad experience here and the owner and staff are fabulous.  The North Side has struggled for years to try to gentrify and it's been a slow process. If more places like The Park House would open in the neighborhood the effect could be exponential.I've been a patron for just about a year on the dot.  I can honestly say that I drove by more than a few times and didn't stop (even though friends recommended it) because I didn't know what I would find.  Boy, I wish I had that time back!  I'll start with FREE... popcorn, peanuts in the shell, great people, and music - yes, live music for FREE.  And, it's all good. Now, to elaborate...I live in Lawrenceville and crossing a river to go to a place in Pittsburgh is nearly unheard of. But, the people here are so awesome, I can't stay away.  Young, old, hippies, hipsters, locals, and happen-uponers all converging to create an amazing atmosphere.  Last night, there was a woman and her family from Seattle in addition to the familiar faces I usually see.  As other reviewers mentioned, it is like CHEERS - it only takes a couple of visits before folks on both sides of the bar know your name and you!  Of course the free snacks are awesome, they're free - and you can just toss your peanut shells wherever you'd like (my mom would be horrified to watch me throw them on the floor :)  BUT, THE MENU... WOAH.  Zamir makes his own hummus, falafel, tabuouli, and golani.  OMG it's ALL FABULOUS!  Last week I tried the golani platter for the first time -- a golani patty, hummus, feta, and tomatoes, served with pita.  The golani made me smile - spinach, carrots, spices, cheese -- it makes you want to eat your veggies!  I really had to decide last night between the golani platter and the Peace in the Middle East (tabouli, hummus, falafel, pita).  I was really craving the "falafel master" delicacy, so Peace it was.Beer. Um, there is a lot of it... imports, crafts, and domestics.  If you can't find something to drink here then you must not be thirsty.  I think there are 20 taps... I've never actually counted, but a chalkboard boasts their fine selection (stop in and count them, and let me know).  I'm a micro dork and have always been completely overwhelmed by my choices during any given beer season.  Also, there is a "worst beer" (it's never bad) discounted selection and some "last chance" items that are usually around $4/bottle or glass. Now, music can be a tricky thing. But like everything else here, it's never steered me away.  Every Wednesday is a bluegrass jam in the rear of the establishment.  Mostly it's members of the Shelf Life String Band, but they are often joined by folks who just want to sit in and play.  You may hear some bluegrass versions of Radiohead, The Coasters, Gorillaz in addition to "trad-grass" favorites.  Every Friday night there is live music by local and touring musicians and, like the popcorn and peanuts, IT'S ALWAYS FREE!Bring your appetite and your friends down for a night of great company and amazing atmosphere... I'm fairly certain that you won't be disappointed!
3	Good beer, Wednesday night is banjo night which always draws a crowd. Definitely a hipster bar. Food is fresh & worth trying. Get a dish that includes the house humus.
4	A friend introduced me to this place back in March.  The beer selection was good and the bartenders are fast and attentive.The highlight of the night was the falafel I ordered.  It was made by.. I forget his name but he is the Falafelmaster!  I couldn't believe how good it was.  I can't wait to try the rest of the menu.
4	I first heard of The Park House, due to their Blue Grass night (Wednesdays). My boyfriend is a big blue grass fan, so we rallied some friends and headed over.  Parking is street, but we didn't have any problems finding a spot.  I love the look of this place. It's so Pittsburgh. (In a fun architecture way, not a dive bar way)  There was a good crowd for the music, but we were still able to get a table with a big group.  As other Yelpers have pointed out, there's free popcorn and peanuts you can help yourself to.  They have a small menu, but the food is good.  We split an order of the hummus. YUM!  A couple friends ordered some sandwiches and they looked really yummy.  The beer selection is quite good, we all ordered some seasonals from various microbreweries.They do have TVs, so you are able to catch a game and grab a bite if you are in the mood.  We had a server who was efficient despite being slammed once the music started. I give her mad props, b/c I was not without a beer throughout the entire set.  That scores major points in my book.  I noted that people also seemed to be getting drinks at the bar timely as well.All in all The Park House is a decent spot to hangout! I will definitely be back!!
3	We visited last night for the bluegrass night. Being that we don't visit the north side very often this bar wasn't bad. Long narrow bar with lots of wood and a few tables to sit at. They had a good selection of beers on tap that were seasonal and would satisfy any beer lover.  The free popcorn and peanuts were a nice touch.As for the bluesgrass jam night I can't really recommend it. I was worried that it would be a bunch of hipsters standing in a circle pretending to be the Lumineers, and it was. This is not bluegrass.  Also with a name like bluegrass jam it attracts other sparsely washed hipsters like ants to an overripe peach.I would go back just not for the music.
3	Some may describe this place little hipsters paradise in the middle of the Northside. I've been a sporadic customer of The Park House since I moved to Pittsburgh, initially right up the street, 7+ years ago. The atmosphere is really great. A nice, historic vibe, and a diverse customer base.The food is solid, albeit limited due to their small kitchen space. I would recommend the hummus more than anything else. It's the one that that's stood out to us on our visits. Everything else is decent, but nothing special.My one complaint is the cost of the whisky. I think Laphroaig 10 was $15 for a pour. That's way too pricey for a 10 year old Scotch that's only $50/bottle across the street at the Wine & Spirits. Otherwise, the beer selection is decent, as well as their limited, but decent bourbon selection. Overall, a great vibe, neighborhoody feel, and decent service will keep us stopping in whenever we're in the area and looking for a small snack and a few drinks.
4	This was our last stop on the bar crawl.  They had Pumking in November, among many other great craft brews.  Also, unlimited popcorn and peanuts?  Yes, please.  The only downfall is the noise level.  If you're coming to the neighborhood, this bar would be my first suggestion.  It has a much younger feel compared to James St. and Max's, although I personally love all three.
3	I was here for the well-known bluegrass night on a Wednesday a couple weeks ago and had a pretty good time. A friend met up with me here and we were able to enjoy the live music close to the bar and actually meet a few of the locals. I enjoyed the crowd- it seemed to mostly consist of 20 and 30 somethings, a bunch of bros, some couples, single girls and guys. We got some of the hummus, which was pretty good. If someone invited me, I'd definitely stop in again. $2 Yuenglings for the bluegrass night (that's reason enough to stop in again, right?).
5	Found out about the live Bluegrass on Wednesday nights and had to stop in.  Ended up going multiple times to see Shelf Life String Band and enjoy the beer and food.  While there isn't a kitchen, they are able to put together some awesome hot sandwiches and fried (Curley and seasoned were both very good).  Wednesday nights seem to draw the same crowd week after week and everyone was friendly.  If you are in the area, give this a shot!
5	Ambiance is great, always good beers on tap and great Mediterranean food.  I started coming here because a friend was bar-tending and it's become one of my favorites on the north side.  I recommend the gyro if you are eating...or anything really.
2	I had heard a lot about their food and decided to check it out one night after purchasing a Groupon. This review is strictly for the food. It was not good. The hummus was okay, and our main plate seemed to be microwaved. The bar ambiance seemed cool though. So if you are looking for a bar atmosphere, I'd probably rate this 3.5 stars. For dinner, not that great.
5	I went here for Bluegrass night following Banjo Night at the nearby Elks Club. What a fun night!!! It is a very fun, friendly, music-loving environment. I believe this happens every Wednesday, so definitely check it out! I will be back for sure!
4	Fun bar, and instead of typical bar food they lean towards Greek dishes. The blue grass jam on Wednesdays is a lot of fun and not too loud to still enjoy a conversation. Decent beer prices, pretty good selection.
4	Only groups for trivia night. Unless you're okay with meeting random people at the bar, then by all means stay. Just make sure you're watching the game primarily then pipe in when you know the answer and people next to you have absolutely no idea what the answer is.  Who knows, maybe you'll get lucky and know the final bonus round question worth a lot more...Also go on live music night...it's free, the music isn't the greatest, but when it's free it's at the very least a good laugh when you've got friends to chill with, watch the game - Pirates for me is always the go to. Oh and did I mention that draft Yuengling is only $2! Doesn't get much better than that on the Northside ladies and gents!Hope you enjoy the hole in the wall as much as I did!
5	I moved to the North Side in July, and this has since become my "place" in the area.  The atmosphere is your typical small, dark, old tavern, with lots of charm and character. They always have a great craft beer selection on draft, the bartenders are friendly, fun and super helpful, and the live bluegrass on Wednesday nights is totally worth coming out for alone ($2 Yuengling specials for a girl on a budget does not hurt, either.)  I've also come out for their trivia night on Tuesday with friends, and that is most assuredly an excellent time.  Honestly, this has become my bar security blanket, it's fantastic to be walking distance from a place that's always there for me on an otherwise uneventful Tuesday or Wednesday evening, ready to provide entertainment and good feels.
4	Really like this bar. Very friendly staff, good menu with not just the regular bar food. Recommend.
4	I found this place on yelp and saw the good reviews so I figured we'd check it out. It was bluegrass night, so that was fun. The staff was incredibly nice. Only complaint was the prices were a little high. But maybe that's because we're from Wisconsin. Maybe it's normal for here? Either way, couldn't afford to have more than a couple. Would definitely stop again though if we were in town.
