5	I went in here, orderd chicken delizia and BBQ chicken pizza for the first time!!! They were soo good.. I have lived here 10 years and I have not found any better pizza!! They have great prices, and really good quality gourmet pizza, baked on brick stone wood fire oven..  I will have to come back..
4	I bought a Yelp Coupon to this place a while back, $10 for $20 worth of food and was super excited to check it out based on a few of the reviews but when We drove accross town to get there we found out they were out of cheese. About a month later when we were back in that neighborhood we tried again, and Im glad we did. We had an appetizer with hummus and pita bread, cucumbers, pepperchinis and olives. The homemade hummus was delicious and the pitta was warm and soft. it was a very tasty appetizer especially with the cucumber and olives. The pizza we ordered was called "hearty veggie"  It was a white pizza using Alfredo sauce . Artichokes, garlic, onion and some other ingredients made it a super tasty pie, I added a little sirracha to mine and was in heaven. The atmosphere wasn't spectacular, it felt very crammed and messy, but we ate great pizza and thats really the most important thing. Plus the staff were very nice, the pizza maker was proud of his pizza and put a lot of love into it.  I like that. We will be back. but probably take the pizza to go. :)
1	I decided to give them a try and as I parked I found the place closed, even though the website said they were open at the time of my visit. I think they may have closed down the place, don't waste your time.
4	Got a menu for Pizzalicious a few weeks ago and wanted to try it out because of their large selection of specialty pizzas. I was browsing Yelp and saw they had a $10 for $20 special, which gave me more incentive to give it a go. Got the Greek Marathon specialty pizza, which was a "Must Try" without onions. Instead of red sauce, I picked to switch it to a creamy garlic sauce. Delicious. The staff got straight to work and had it done within ten minutes, which was super nice. I tend to only get cheese pizzas, but I thought it would be a crime not to get something different. Luckily, I was in the right to choose something different for once. It tasted like... biting into a gyro without the meat. The garlic and feta combo was perfect! The only thing to complain about is the decor. It screams old pizza joint which I thought was weird because they just opened. I didn't really mind cause I was grabbing it to go, but it struck me as odd. But overall, it was a spectacular expedience with the food and staff. I will definitely have to come back to try other pizzas soon!
4	Lots of coupon offers on website, yelp, and groupon  good prices, good food, just wish they were open later
5	I absolutely agree with previous reviews. I was about to make a pizza myself but hunger was telling me that it'll take a lot longer than take out :)Ordered Pesto Extravaganza and Maui Maui... both were great. I usually don't eat the crust but this one was pretty palatable so I cleaned up. It is not Pizza Hut-cheap but it is absolutely worth it.
2	Ordered a caramelized XL pizza which was fresh tasting and cooked properly, about 4 stars :) Definitely needed a little more sauce, barely any on it, and more shrooms for my $2 up charge.Up charging me $2 to swap shrooms for roasted garlic after telling me $1 over the phone :(You're a small pizza shop, who in my opinion, should swap out a topping for nothing if you want to stay in business instead of trying to nickel & dime your customers. And on top of that there weren't very many on them either.Definitely could've been friendlier over the phone and in person, the girl working tonight. The actual dining area is small and is set up more for eating a quick slice rather than going to dinner there.So, $26 pizza with an additional $2 for barely any mushrooms plus tax, minus $5 due to website coupon, ended up being $25 out the door. Way overpriced compared to what else you can get locally with the same quality of ingredients.So, when looking at the star descriptions, "Meh. I've experienced better", was the appropriate rating.
5	My favorite pizza in all of Vegas! I'm not a crazy pizza critic but out of all the one I've tried... Metro Pizza, Russo, Fat Moes, Happy Pizza and Naked City... Pizzalicious is by far superior. They have variety on top of more variety.  Every time we have ordered delivery they are earlier than expected! Very friendly. The food yum. Simply it's delicious.
5	I cannot stress how delicious the Caramelized Pizza is!I order it at least once a month!I'm a pizza guy, and this is one of the best pizza's I've had in Vegas.It's a little pricey but you get what you pay for!Again, the pizza here is amazing! I can easily compare it to Metro Pizza and Grimaldi's
4	Pizza was super yummy. We ordered the thin crust pizza with pepperoni. The sauce is delicious. And probably my favorite part. With the pepperoni it was not too greasy. The cheese was perfectly cooked. They didn't add too much like some places do which was great. I would recommend. We will probably order pizza here more often now.
5	I'm lactose intolerant so I order pizza without cheese.My review is based solely on the quality of the toppings and crust.  This places crust is perfect and the vegetable toppings fresh. It has my 5 star review.  If your crust jockey you'll enjoy this place.
4	Their variety of pizzas is lengthy.  The Greek Marathon is definitely my favorite.  The office would order a number of pizzas every Monday when they had their half price special.  Alas, that is discontinued and their prices are just a little too high for our budget.  All in all, they are good.
4	We live around the corner, off Russell & buffalo. We had coupons that came in the mail that we were pleased to see. We went with "PIZZA & SALADLARGE 3 TOPPING PIZZA & GREEK SALAD ONLY $16.99".  I copied it from their website they have a coupon section.Okay our pizza was extra cheese, pepperoni & light sauce. I have to say I loved the crust, the toppings & the high quality of the ingredients.  Very delicious pizza! I did NOT like their greek salad.  It was mixed salad blend. Whatever they use for the salad as far as the dark green leafs were so disgustingly bitter, I made a face as if I was having a sour patch kids candy. It was hard to swallow, so I worked my way around the dark green leafs. Again quality of the ingredients was high. I won't be getting the greek salad unless they change the mix to a less bitter tasting flavored lettuce. The artichokes hearts were delicious though.http://www.lvpizzalicious.com/coupons They have a dinner special deal. "5 COURSE DINNER ONE LARGE 2 TOPPING PIZZA, ANY SALAD, 10 WINGS, CHEESY GARLIC BREAD & NY STYLE CHEESECAKE ONLY $34.99".  You save a few bucks ($5).The only thing I thought their large was small (14"). I guess we're spoiled compared to our regular pizza place.. pick up special is16" pizza for $7.99 plus toppings being $1.75 each. The ingredients are high quality there also.I'll still give them a 4 star rating, "YAY! I'm a fan".  Pizza was awesome.
5	Speedy Delivery! Superior customer service! hot! Right out of the oven :) Fresh toppings. Definitely not canned tomatoes in this neck of the woods :) ordered a slightly complexed.. pizza ;) they got every detail and perfection on the basil!!! Gluten free :) #mastered :) and right around the corner! Management on site :) you know they are making it happen! #lv You know, it's a good place when your friend says "I'm grabbing another one!" Can't wait to try the French fry supreme!!! :) !! UNUSUAL BLISS
5	The quality of both service and food here is absolutely amazing. I always get a Large box of the barbecue chicken Pizza and man oh man, it is very delicious. HIGHLY RECOMMEND this place to anyone who really enjoys Pizza!
5	Had to update my first review.  Very nice staff. Greeted us as we walked in.  Seemed quiet but a lot of deliver calls were coming in.  We rather order & take it to go. Gentlemen behind the counter saw that I had checked in on yelp.  He was on the phone but knew I was going to show him the free cake check in offer. He acknowledged me, nodded that he saw the offer & I smiled & said thank you.  I say down so he could take the deliver order.The aroma of pizza was killing me while I waited. It was worth it when we got home.  We had used the double pizza coupon you can choose between a 2 liter soda or garlic bread.  We chose garlic bread & Oh boy it reminds me of my childhood.  Perfectly seasoned & just enough butter.Thank you so much. The crust is really fantastic but the fresh ingredients make it the best. The slice of chocolate cake is amazing too. I split it with the boyfriend. Great.
5	Great pizza in Vegas, their tomato sauce is very flavorful and their ranch is delicious! They deliver to my house even though I am 20 minutes away
5	I have to extend my sincerest accolades and gratitude to Pizzalicious. They got me out of a jam today.  To make a long story short, I was tasked with contributing to a luncheon for 12-15 people. A personal emergency came up and I was left with 40 minutes to get hot and fresh food to our team. I walked into Pizzalicious a moment after they opened. Brad and Heather at Pizzalicious enthusiastically accepted my five pizza  and 30 wing request.  I was primarily concerned with delivering something on time....quality or taste were not priorities for this last minute mission. Well....Pizzalicious provided a tasty, quality and quite affordable solution to my last minute challenge. I will be back and thank you for helping me out.
5	5 stars for the pizza and service. Few places have that perfect sauce that I don't know how to describe, but it's just wonderful.Having said that, I tried their open face melt and their cheese fries, both were very underwhelming. But if you stick to the pizza, I think you'll be pleasantly surprised.
1	Being from out of town I had to rely on local reviews....now I know not to trust Vegas reviews.This pizza was bad at best. The cheese is low quality and very greasy, as is the whole pizza. The dough has no taste, the sauce is pointless, and the italian sausage tastes cheap as well. I also ordered the chicken wings because they looked really good in photos. Mistake. All fat and skin...gross. I ate 3 of the 6 wings and that was 2.5 too many. I ate more pizza than I should have as well. If this stands for good pizza in Vegas I wont be eating pizza in Vegas. Cheap tasting...low quality ingredients. If I wanted that I'd go everywhere else. I will say the staff was nice, both on the phone and delivery. Maybe my hopes were just too high after all these 5 star reviews...but this pizza was absolutely nothing special in any way. If it stands out as good in this area...shame.
5	Excellent pesto pizza with a perfectly chewy crust. I wish this place was in my neighborhood.
5	11/16/14 Called ahead to find out what the Gluten Free crust had for ingredients. John told me to be patient he had another customer on the other line. I told him to go right ahead, he was super polite.  When he came back on the line he mentioned they bought the Gluten Free dough from a actual bakery out here in town. It was made of Chick Peas.  I asked if they used real olive oil he said yes. I asked about Corn and he said the owner does not like using Corn meal and that there was none on the premises.Stopped in tonight around 5PM (busiest hour). John was the only man in the kitchen. He held it down too. He took an order before us & then ours. When he served them their big order (bigger than ours 6 pizzas).  He had ours ready in the box hot & fresh to go. I was amazed he could handle the kitchen by his lonesome.Now for the pizza. I ordered a Gluten Free ($12.99) White pizza w/ ($1) Black Olives, TO GO. The pizza was seasoned with creamy garlic sauce. It was NOT greasy, just enough oil to cook the pizza to perfection. Think about the ingredients you choose if don't want a greasy pizza.Coupons on their website. PICK UP SPECIAL LARGE 1 topping pizza $8.88.http://www.lvpizzalicious.com/couponsI suggest DINE IN or TAKE OUT.  Check in on Yelp and get a free Cheesecake or Chocolate mousse. We LOVE to split the Mousse cake & enjoy it slowly. It's waaaay rich and delicious. Super good food, and makes the perfect date spot with a free slice of cake. Great staff, quiet place to enjoy a date night. Best pizza in town, I would say it's on the same par as Grimaldi's but WAY cheaper than buying an $18 pizza (plus toppings).
4	I like Pizzalicious in a pinch.I live close to their business and their $8.88 carryout special is an ok deal.Check them out. Their pizza is pretty good.Disregard anyone who gave them 1 star.
4	With my husband and baby out of the house for the day I decided to order some pizza to relax. I got a thin crust pepperoni pizza, a free cheesecake from the yelp check in, and a soda. I must tell you the pizza was amazing! It was exactly how I love it and it was real thin crust! I found my new permanent pizza place because man is it good! The cheesecake was wrapped in plastic wrap which kept it soft and it just melted in my mouth. The delivery driver was wonderful as well. The only thing I didn't care for was the long delivery time. It estimated about 30-45 mins and after a hour I called. The gentlemen was friendly and said my order hadn't left yet and their was one person ahead of me. I was completely understanding and the food was worth the wait. It took about a hour and twenty minutes to get to my house. If you're looking for quality food, amazing customer service, and good prices you should come here!
