5	I followed a trainer from another gym here and I took her Saturday 8AM class and what a wonderful workout I got, a class that you burn the fat and boy I felt like the fat was burning all day.   I get really bored at a regular gym so I love Group Training with variety of exercises which included on my workout which of course they would change ropes, jumping, burpees and so much more.  What I love is the trainer motivating us during the workout.  At times since I am out of shape I wanted to stop, but the trainer was behind me pushing me and that helped me get through the workout.  The gym is really big with high ceilings and a lot of room for big classes.  They even have an area for sports performance training which I am excited to get my daughter to get involved in since she is in soccer and this added training would be good for her.  The Group Training classes currently are M-F 6AM and 11AM and Saturdays at 8AM.  They will be adding more classes.  There is plenty of parking.  You have to check them out!
5	Hey ladies! If you're looking for a personal trainer who is 100 % dedicated to your success, look no further than Brian Van Hook.As an ordinary working woman interested in losing weight and getting lean, I decided to find a trainer. Luckily, I found Brian.  After he evaluated my fitness level and designed a program to meet my needs, he provided the personal attention necessary to transform my body.Over the years I've worked with Brian I've had the opportunity to observe many trainers. In my opinion, none of them are as personable, knowledgeable, or as well educated. He is dedicated to his craft, and always makes himself available to assist in your success.If you are interested in getting fit, gaining muscle, losing weight, and feeling better about yourself, I highly recommend Van Hook Training
5	State of the art facility with knowledge staff. Trevor and Brian tailored a strength and conditioning program specifically for our Rugby Club. Thanks for kicking my butt and pushing limits today. See you again soon.
5	I have been training here for a couple of weeks now, and I have to say that this facility is fantastic, state of the art, with extremely knowledgeable and friendly staff. I went in with some serious back issues and Trevor has already helped me tremendously.There isn't a sign when you're trying to find it, so you have to look a bit, but it's definitely worth it. They offer a lot of services, from personal training to sports performance training, and everything in between.The facility is nice and clean. The nice thing about a place like this is that you're getting personal attention, knowledge, and not dealing with those horribly crowded gyms.I have to say I'm a big fan of this place. Definitely make it a point to check them out!
5	I have been training with Brian for 6 years now. I started when I was in high school here in town and now playing professional baseball, he keeps me at my peak performance level every offseason. If you're looking for a physical trainer that knows how to get the most out of his clients for every workout, I recommend Van Hook Sports Performance. Mr. Clean we call him here, has the cleanest bald head you'll ever witness!
5	Just got my sweat on at Van Hook Sports Performance---feeling pumped.  Thanks Brian!!!!!                                                   Ladies, if you're ever looking for someone to train you that is passionate about people and knowledgeable about his skill, you definitely want to be a part of Van Hook Sports Performance.  I guarantee you won't be disappointed.
5	Referred to this gym by a friend and I'm really liking it . Personalized workouts make a big difference!! Very unique workouts. My shoulder has never felt this good with the changes they made to my workouts!
5	Trevor is exceptional!  He is not only extremely knowledgeable about cardio/conditioning and strength training, but also nutrition.  He has tailored my specific workout and has recommended various food changes in order to maximize my weight loss and fit level. He has become not only a personal trainer, but also a great friend.  The gym itself is great.  Has everything needed to keep my workout filled with variety and challenging.
