2	Did you know that in Vegas, if you want to go to a strip club, all you need to do is hail a taxi and they will take you there.... FREE OF CHARGE. I believe they have some type of commission type deal that they work out with the strip clubs, per head. I'm sure they get more for the males though. SH*T if only we knew this, we wouldn't have tried WALKING to one on the strip. It's really deceiving how far apart things are from each other.They require you to purchase a beverage or two. RETARDED. I don't remember how the girls looked like here, since we came here 2 years ago. And just a warning to the spectators who like to sit up front and center, you need to tip if you sit there, otherwise you will be asked to sit elsewhere to make room for tipping customers. This happened to one of the people in our group, LOL. ONLY IN VEGAS will you see the dancers disinfecting the floor and stripper pole after each performance with Lysol wipes. It's really quite amusing to see them try to incorporate it into their routine and maintain their sexy image. OOOH yeah baby I'm protecting myself from communicable diseases, don't you think I'm sexy? You go girl. Clean that pole, HO! Haha!
2	PROS:1. Clean and modern with a recent remodel.  Flatscreens oh my!  Nonsticky surfaces!  2. Above average strippers, 2 out of 3 will be 8's or better.  Lots of Russians!3. The music is solid with a competent house DJ, and the staff are all very professional.  More so than LAX, Pure or Tao, imho...CONS:1. Like every club in Vegas, they will MARK UP and UPSELL every little thing.  I think a Coke is like $10.2. No alcohol since it's all nude - not a worthy trade off in my opinion - I'd rather have a stiff drink and prefer the sexiness of the lingerie 3. Awkward location at Sahara where it crosses the 15 - literally underneath the Freeway - means it's usually more empty than not4. A lot of trouble for the "all nude" thing - I'd almost rather go to Tryst and try to nail a real hooker, or hook a real girl.  Hmm, that must be what everyone is doing, since this place is usually empty. PS - I really think the all nude strip clubs have lost the war with the strip clubs that serve alcohol.  SR, Sapphire's and Treasures are all closer to the Strip and larger, and you can maintain your buzz.  The girls are very pretty things here at Sheri's, but just because they'll take everything off for an additional $20, does that mean you're going to be f_cking them?   HELL NO.  So the price you're asked to pay for all nude/no alcohol is a steep one, and it's true that the atmosphere is lacking.
1	This place is the island of mis-fit strippers...Went there on a friday night and this place was a disaster. As soon as I walked in with my friends I was ambushed by two big gals. They took me in the back and wanted 800 bucks for them to lick whipped cream off each other... No thanks!There were only a handful of girls there and really only two attractive ones. They didn't serve booze and only a few of the girls dropped their knickers... What gives??If I could find the taxi driver that dropped me off here, I'd kick him square in the stones. Not only did he take us to this place, but told us we'd get in for free. We paid 20 bucks and got a "free" water... Whahoo...If your cabbie recommends this place, open the door, jump out, tuck and roll out... Head to Rick's or the Rhino, you'll have a much better time. we did after we left this place...
2	I went with a guy friend of mine late on a Tues evening. We were charged a $10 cover even though we are locals, and had to buy drinks (soda) on top of that.We were the only customers aside from a young group of college age kids who sat just far enough back from the stage so they didn't have to tip. On a side note, if you go to a strip club, don't be a cheap ass! Take a $20, change it into $1's and tip the ladies. And if you are going to be cheap, sit in the back of the room. Sitting just out of tipping range and watching a girl dance for free is so pathetic and rude!That being said, I parked my butt at the tip rail. All of the girls were super hot. Even if they weren't my "style" they were still young and cute. Some were more aggressive at requesting tips than the others, but I guess that's the biz. After our singles were spent me friend and I were ready for some dances. The girls were lined up along the bar, maybe they aren't allowed to work the tip rail? Here is where the "VIP" girls could be found. And by VIP, I mean too chunky to be on stage. I am sure they take care of their customers in the back, but I was on the hunt for a hottie. We were told that dances were $35 a piece (wtf?). My friend opted out of his since we could get $20 dances just down the street. I being a female felt emotionally committed to the girl I had picked out. So she gave me an "air" dance. What a let down. Maybe she thought I was a cop? Quality of girls was better than expected, but not worth the money if you are a local.
1	This is literally the worst strip club I have ever been to!!! I paid $50 to sit down and have a diet Coke. There were only 2 other people in the club along with our group at 11pm on a Friday night. The "lap dance tour" just shows yo where they plan to rip you off, do not go AT ALL!!!!!!!
