4	I have to tell you that I love this gym.  I mean, as much as you CAN love a gym.The folks are nice, it's a diverse scene -- from Camelback soccer moms, to the nursing home set to the gay guys who are so cut that they intimidate me.  And there are your standard muscle heads and women who just want to be seen.  Overall though it's great.The gym is always clean.  It's modern, well lit and offers a wide variety of equipment. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because the cardio machines can get really busy during peak times -- 7 -- 8 a.m. and 5:30 - 6:30 p.m.  Sometimes you actually have to wait to hop on a machine.  That's a bummer when you'd rather be at home watching TV or maybe doing something productive.
3	I can't decide if it deserves 3 or 3.5 stars.... I like the gym, I do not love this gym.  It seems as if the machines need to be cleaned more often.  I remember when I first got my membership 3 years ago I used to see people actually cleaning them and now I never see them get cleaned and they are all pretty crummy.... dust  on the untouched parts and just general grime on the machines.  I try not to touch anything but it makes it difficult if you aren't on a cardio machine.  The people that work there are generally nice, when they aren't on their cell phone or flirting with each other...   I especially like the guy who works at night at the front desk, he is really nice and always greets and says "have a good night".Just writing this makes me think, I really need to go to the gym.  I am moving a month so I will be going to a different LA Fitness, we'll see if the other one is cleaner.
2	OK...here's the lowdown on this PARTICULAR LA Fitness.  It's a gay meat market.  There's no other way to describe it.  AND it's not a very good looking meat market to boot.   If your looking to workout, this place is very difficult to move around in.  It's oversold by about 1000 members.  It's extremely crowded from 4:30pm to 8:00pm.  The equipment is ok...when it is available. The lockerooms are sub-par beacuse they smell and are not cleaned regularly.  Showers are VERY cruisy.  If your looking for a workout try 24 hour fitness down the road.  If you want a GOOD LA Fitness, the Awatukee one is amazing..and CLEAN.
4	I have lived in Phoenix long enough to see more than a few gyms come and go.  I am inclined to thins LA fitness is going to last.  I don't see them overselling memberships like some places I've belonged to.I find it to be clean and spacious. There have been times when it has been ready to be cleaned but I expect that considering the time of day and how many people through there. The machines aren't right on top of each other and neither are the people working out.  If you don't go during the busiest times of the day, there isn't much of a wait.They have the advantage of having plenty of covered parking which during the summer is really nice.  Of course any place that you can walk around the corner and find stores like Trader Joe's when you are done working out is fine with me.A gay meat market? I personally am of the opinion that you find what you are looking for.  Yes there are people who are openly gay and openly straight as well.  Live with it and focus on your workout is my attitude.  If I ask someone to spot me, I am far more concerned about whether they can do the job than their sexuality.
2	I used to love gyms. I loved nothing more than getting up at 5AM every day and spending 2 hours at the gym and then heading to work.  When I moved to Phoenix I quickly found out that there are only two options here: a ridiculously priced country club or a soulless workout studio. Look, I don't need a luxury gym experience, my last gym was a Washington Sports Club which is spare on design and crammed with loads of equipment. I decided on LA Fitness because it was close to my home and cheap. It looked nice enough. It wasn't nice enough. There isn't anything wrong with LAF but there isn't anything right about it either. The classes are timed poorly, there aren't very many of them, and the instructors they had when I was there weren't great. The yoga teacher, for instance, was probably really a kickboxing teacher and the class was just awful - the complete opposite of zen. There is plenty of equipment but it doesn't flow well. There are a grand total of 4 exercise balls, and the hand weight tower in the 'floor exercise' area has been looted. There is precious little space for any floor exercising anyway, and the stretching equipment is bizarre and very little used. I am astonished and disgusted that LAF and most gyms here don't offer towels or cleaning spray and found myself constantly running for the paper towel dispensers and hand sanitzer. I also found the sales and personal training staff obnoxious. At my 'free one hour PT session' I was sat in front of a desk for 40 minutes listening to the history of PT and how it could help me, and even when I stopped Zack or whoever he was to tell him that I was well acquainted with personal training and could we skip to the actual personal training, he continued on with food pyramids and the concept of multiple reps. And after a whopping 15 minutes of him showing me how to do squats we returned to the desk where he tried to sell me PT packages. I repeatedly said 'no' and he pulled the old car salesman trick of going to talk to his manager and then coming back with a better deal! Finally I just walked out.Besides all of that, LA Fitness doesn't have a good vibe. Like I said, it's not about decoration or saunas and pools for me, it's about making working out enjoyable. I never enjoyed LA Fitness, so I've quit after 7 months (which means they robbed me of 9 months per their cancellation requirements). They can keep my 75 bucks, it's worth every penny to never go back there.
4	I haven't signed up at a gym in a long time and have recently been convinced to sign up with LA Fitness. Great idea! Especially at the Camelback location. This place is huge! Tons of machines, Olympic pool, cycle room, and the largest workout room in town for classes. I have been taking the kickboxing and yoga classes. So much fun. Kickboxing will kick your ass for sure, but it's totally worth it. They also have a great kids club room, where you can have a place to drop your kids off while you work out. My friends daughter goes there all the time and she has a blast. They have had some pretty great deal lately as well. Go visit Chris and have him sign you up.
4	I've been coming to this place for over a year, and thought I'd write a review before I peaced out of this state.Compared to Bally's, this place is a palace.  Compare this location to the others in the surrounding Scottsdale/Tempe area and this place steps up their game.The machines are always clean and you can usually find an empty cardio machine within 5 minutes during peak hours if you are flexible with your machine choice.  It's always good to mix it up.  The strength training machines are nice and I enjoy the variety compared to the other LA Fitness locations.My only complaint is the personal trainers that hound you to join a program so they can hit on you.  Not flattering to tell a girl she needs to get in better shape, especially at the cost of $500 a month.
2	I don't think it's right that I should have an irritated feeling in my stomach every time I walk into my gym with premonitions that as I peer toward the stairclimbers I will undoubtedly see long lines and broken machines.  I have been a member of this LA Fitness since August 2008 and what I find truly incredible is that all four stairclimbers (yes there are only four regular stairclimbers) have NEVER all been working on the same day.  I guarantee you that there will be one if not two "out of order" signs on these machines on any day of the year.  When I've inquired about the timeline for a machine to be fixed, none of the staff are aware and it typically takes months for it to be repaired only for another one to break.  And, if you try to come any time between 5:00pm and 7:00pm, forget about a quick workout. You will wait and wait for a machine.This is a large gym and with only ONE water fountain in the main cardio area you should expect a line there, too.  I'm also disappointed that in this era of sustainability and green-friendliness you will not find a single recycling receptacle in the building.  LA Fitness probably throws away thousands of disposed water bottles each week.  That is just sad.  The only reason I didn't give this review one star is that I find the cheap membership cost and proximity to my house somewhat redeeming and I happen to like the smoothies at the cafe.  Otherwise, I miss my old gym.. a lot.
4	I have been coming to this LA Fitness for five years. Whether that bodes well for me or not I will leave up to your discretion. I have seen better days before my metabolism decided to hibernate.What I will say is that there is something about this location that makes it way more comfortable than any of the other locations I have been to (7th Ave/Greenway, Elliot/Priest, Warner/Dobson, Scottsdale/McDowell). Perhaps it is the lower ceiling. Perhaps it is all the gay men. It could even be the nostalgia from the time I tore my hamstring. Who knows.Here are the only drawbacks I can see:1. Don't try to do cardio right after work on a Monday or Tuesday. 2. You can easily become intoxicated on Saturday or Sunday morning... it seems all the party people feel the need to atone for their sins the night before by sweating it out in the morning3. Those personal trainers are suh-leeee-zeee4. If you dislike cutoff sleeves on men, this is their mecca. Ample parking. Cheap monthly fee of $24.99. It doesn't smell. Lots of equipment. Get off your fat ass and just go.
3	This has been my gym for about 2 years now. Its fine. Average. Okay. Alright.  I don't know if I could ever give any gym 5 stars. Simply because I don't ENJOY going to the gym like I ENJOY sipping martinis at Fez. I like the layout and lighting (is this a weird thing to like at gym?) here, and I like that is SEEMS clean (although it probably isn't because they have a lack of sanitizers).  This particular LA Fitness is too small for the amount of clients they bring in.  Most of the time there is a bit of a wait for the equipment.  I HATE waiting for gym equipment! Just standing there, or doing my workout in a different order ruins my mo-jo.  It makes me want to quit and go home. Because I don't have to wait in my line to sit on my ass and watch TV.  LA Fitness needs to buy up some of that ample unused space at Town & Country and expand to fit their customer base! If you are able to go at off-times such as 11am or 2pm, like me (this is a positive of being unemployed!), then you shouldn't have to wait for any equipment.  The yoga classes are basic and always PACKED - its a good stretch. I like the "body works" class - it always makes me feel sore the next day, it also bruises my ego when I see women 30 years my senior not panting like I am.The staff here kind of skeeves me out and I try not to make eye-contact with them.I pay $25/month for my membership.
1	I wanted to update my initial review to let everyone know that things have gotten even WORSE at LA Fitness.  As mentioned previously, there are only 4 regular stairclimbers at this gym which are supposed to accommodate the thousands of unappreciated members.  Only TWO of these stairclimbers now work (one of which has been broken since the Spring).  Please see the photo above.  Instead of replacing equipment that continues to break month after month, LA Fitness will just slap an out of order sign on it and call it a day.  Suffice it to say that they have not purchased a single piece of new cardio equipment in years because it would actually cost money.  Speaking of investing in the facility, the carpets are so full of crusty sweat and mildew that the stench permeating from the building is starting to get nauseating.  The absence of towels and the lack of a proper amount of sanitizer and paper goods throughout the gym makes this situation worse by the day.  Anyone know if 24 Hour Fitness is having a membership promo these days?  I would RUN off the treadmills at LA Fitness now to find out.
1	This LA Fitness in the Town & Country on Highland & Camelback is ALWAYS hot! Seems like the AC doesn't work that well & everyone looks hot & miserable. This has been a problem for a long time now. It's always like 10 degrees hotter in the lower area vs, the very back area.  The music they play is AWFUL!  It's either annoying hip-hop crap, or some slow song...When you look around, just about everyone has an iPOD. The locker rooms are disgusting & very smelly, like dirty socks all the time!  The bathrooms are appaulling! The stalls are insanitary & dirty.  It's had to believe that this gym opened only 5 years ago in 2005.  We want to join the new GOLD's Gym in downtown Phoenix on Washington & Central.  ...Gold's rocks! ...LA Fitness sucks!
2	Since I only seem to review spas, restaurants and bars, figured I'd step out and try to make myself appear as a functioning member of society.I grew up going to LA Fitness on the west side of town and I also was a member of 24 Hour Fitness in Tempe, so I'll use those as comparisons.  I also am a "gym person" so take that into account so you don't think I'm just bitching about having to work out my fat ass.The problem with this location is I have been at pretty much every time possible and it's RIDICULOUSLY busy.  If you're into doing free weights or weight machines, I wouldn't waste my money signing up for a membership.  If you're interested in doing classes and just doing cardio (treadmills, etc.) I'd say you'd be fine and it's only $25/mo which is a great deal honestly.  I can say without a doubt that there is usually at least 2 open treadmills and a few elipticals.  However, NEVER can I seem to jump on any weight machine and the free weights area is a Scottsdale DB haven...I think there actually might be a giant magnet that attracts them there by the dozens.  They must get a discount if they wear Affliction shirts to work-out in.  One last ditty - the front desk staff are hard-core bitches.  I'm not sure why they hate their lives that much, but they're not nice.  The "trainers" they have you talk with aren't much better, but really put the hard sell on why you need to spend thousands of dollars on their service, so be prepared.Conclusion - I cancelled my account but if you're only interested in going for classes (I only did spinning and they were decent classes) and cardio, probably worth the $25.  If you like a more well-rounded gym, go to 24 Hour Fitness for a little better quality for just a little more $ per month.
1	I was looking into gyms around the area. Upon entering I was greeted by the front desk guy. I asked about memberships and then he said, "Sorry we are sold out". I stood there stunned. Then he snickered, "Just kidding". Trying to be a good sport I went with it. Next came the young sales guy. He was personable - at first anyways. Showed me around the gym and I was interested in joining. Next we went over to the childcare area since I have a little one. Children were in the room however the two girls monitoring the room were chatting it up with one another and ignoring the kids. Bad sign. I asked the girls if they were CPR certified and had fingerprinting and background checks. The world stopped for just a moment and they stared at me. I had interrupted their important conversation. Then they were both saying, "Yeah, like, well, um, no, I mean yes,". In other words, no straight answers. We sat at the sales guy's desk and the wheeling and dealing began. I felt like I was purchasing a new car. "If you choose option A, you then can go to all the gyms." "If you choose option B, then only here" . The whole time I could see the children's area and the kids were being completely ignored (and we are talking very little children). When I told the sales man I needed to think about it he switched into some type of Dr. Jekyll, Mr. Hyde routine. "Well you only have today to make a decision, after that no price guarantee!!!"   From there he was down right rude.I walked out of there thinking what the heck just happened. Like Sarah G, I felt horrible when I left this gym.  It was an awful experience. Ended up getting a membership at Tangible Fitness on 7th Street. They don't have the same amenities however it is locally owned, and the people are very nice there.
4	I really don't why so many dirty locker room comments. I've been going to gyms all over the country for about 38 years, and believe me I've seen some the vilest filthy disease infested locker rooms on the planet. This however is not one of them. People have to realize some things... Sales people are not sleaze or slimy.  They are just doing their jobs. Politely decline an offer if you feel you don't need the service. There.. that was easy wasn't it?Any big gym in any big city gets crowded at certain times.With maybe thirty to fifty people using a piece of equipment during a given day something is going to break. Parts aren't always in the back room.I think these places are a great value for the money.
1	IT'S ALWAYS SOOO TOO DAMN HOT IN THIS LOCATION!!...It's terrible!!!  ...Management does nothing to fix the A/C!
1	This gym is in a great location, the staff is generally friendly, but it is really not well maintained.  The carpets throughout are filthy, the equipment is often off line or maladjusted. The locker rooms are really poorly cleaned and often smell horribly.  I have had a month to month membership, and I plan to cancel.  This summer the poor conditions finally pushed me and some of my friends over the edge and we will look elsewhere.  Do yourself a favor and find a cleaner gym.
3	I go to this location once in a while since its closest to my work, the car dealer where I get my service done, and a Trader Joe's. This one isn't all that different from the other, but its not all that spectacular. I don't really dig how the place is so wide and spread out. Nothing is wrong with the layout, it just feels strange to me. The good part is it does have a few more benches than the Scottsdale road location I usually use, which is a big plus.
1	--- Why does LA Fitness close at 8 pm on the Weekends??? ...That is so Lame! ...Phoenix is the 5th largest city in the U.S., yet it closes sooo early!... At least 9 pm just makes more sense!... and, it's still pretty busy right up 'til 8 pm on the weekends. Phoenix really is such an early city! Seems like everything closes early! That's one thing I hater about Phoenix!
3	I started coming to this LA Fitness when I stopped working over in Scottsdale.  It gets super crowded during the after work hours and I wouldn't recommend going then.  Which is a drag because that is the preferable time to go, which is why it is so crowded.  This is allegedly the Gay LA Fitness given its proximity to the Gayborhood.  I suppose it is, but I personally think the guys at the Scottsdale location are hotter.  So I know Camelback down a peg in the eye candy department.  There are ample machinery and weights (though some of the barbells need replacing bad).  None of their cardio equipment is ever broken which is a total plus.  Some of their front office staff are not in shape, which I only find worth noting because this is a gym.  If you're schedule is flexible and you can go to the gym in the mornings, mid-day or the weekends, this is a great gym.  If you need to workout after work, you would be better finding another place.
1	"You get what you pay for!"***NOT HERE!***I joined LA fitness in Scottsdale about five years ago, cause they had a brand new club with in walking distance from me @ McCormick Ranch, & off course with any new club comes  new aerobics, workout & spinning studios with all new equipment. So I paid initiation fee & joined. I was so excited I even got a couple of my buddies to join.Well I moved back to phoenix the following year & basically this LA fitness became my gym by default! WOW!This place made my old high school gym seem sanitary in comparison! My old high school gym stunk! This place was about 3 steps down from that!I did like the Zumba Instructors & the the aerobics program so I stayed for several more years, always making sure not to touch anything walking in or out! Well they managed to screw that up as well changing the Zumba program to LA Fitness Latin Heat & firing all of the Zumba instructors. One particular instructor right as he was walking in to teach his class! WOW!So that was the last straw for me...
2	I am sure there are better gyms out there, but this is where I'm at for now.
3	It's within walking distance for me. It's 20 bucks a month. It's open more hours than the YMCA. There's a lot to like about it right there.What's not to like about it? Typical gym complaints: Too many people for the most popular machines, high-pressure sales tactics for personal training, people acting like inconsiderate douchebags, people walking into you while trying not to make eye contact because you have a BMI beyond what they consider "human", hot girls get hit on by guys in sleeveless shirts, girls who think they are hot treating everyone like johns who can't afford them, the locker room smells and there are guys who flaunt their nudity who really, really shouldn't, there aren't enough stations with cleaning fluid and paper towels to keep the machines clean, and the childcare people seem pretty indifferent.But you know, it's 20 bucks a month and it's within walking distance and it's closer and open more hours than the YMCA.
3	My problem with this is everytime I go in, there is either like three or four dudes standing around by the door that all say "hi" at the same time or no one around. Also, someone's always coughing.Other than that, its a great place and usually has a nice group. Nice locker rooms and convenient location. LA fitness is the best because of thier hours, pool, and equipment. I like how they keep the cardio away from the weights because I never use weights. Thier treadmills and eliptical machines are good quality.
1	---- Okay, I am sooooo sick of the crappy music they play at LA Fitness!!  It's nothing but Hip-Hop garbage junk! The crowd that goes there goes right along with the music....very 'thuggy'.  I always wear my iPod when I work out anyway....Waaay better music!
2	If you live REALLy close to this gym and/or you want to go to the gay gym downtown, this is your place. Otherwise, there are just too many negatives. It's a nightmare between 4pm and 8pm - if you must work out between those hours WALK AWAY. It's also brutally hot at least 6 months out of the year - they just refuse to ratchet up the air conditioning in the summer, plus it's packed with people - you can't breath it's so hot. Staff isn't belligerent, but neither are they friendly - mostly disinterested unless trying to sell you something. I work out at LifeTime Fitness most of the time, but if I'm hiking Piestawa Peak will work out here afterwards. Only $25/month so no big deal to keep two membership for me. Again, for the most part you want to avoid this gym if you can, even in favor of another LA Fitness elsewhere unless you fall into one of the two categories I listed at the beginning of my review.
2	This gym is over sold. Period.Really, I could stop right there but what's the fun in that. Since cleaning out my proverbial closet of alcoholic loser 'friends', I tend to spend a lot of time at the gym. Between the gym in my building and this LA Fitness I try and work out about 5-6 days a week. I really prefer to use this gym is on the weekend though occasionally I'll go after work for the step mill (something my work gym doesn't provide) and to try and get some lifting in. TRY being the operative word. UGH! Where are all the damn free weights? Is everyone using 15-20lb weights? No, then where the fuck are they?The cardio machines are all old and outdated and in the summer the place is a sweat box. A stinky one too, I'm talking to you onion lady! Wash your clothes. You smell like onion rings and feces. Geeeeez... Steer clear of the locker room too. Really, the building just needs an overhaul at this point. Between onion lady, dodging MRSA  and the swelter, it's hard to justify the $25 bucks a month. Yes, that's incredibly cheap but I feel gypped when I see how nice the Scottsdale and Ahwatukee locations are for the same price.  I will say, watching the gay boys eye rape my man like it's going out of style is wildly entertaining. The price one pays for being a hot straight man in a primarily gay establishment I suppose. Needless to say, due to the ratio, I get mostly left alone which is unusual in a gym environment and greatly appreciated. That and the proximity to work/home clearly is enough to keep me coming back. *sigh*
4	This gym is easy to navigate and hasn't been too busy when I've gone. The parking is good and they have a daycare for kids.
4	They have plenty of equipment so there should never be a wait for anything. They offer great classes, although they tend to get too full sometimes. It would be nice if there was a restroom up front so you don't have to walk through the entire shower/locker room if all you need to do is pee!
1	The only reason I will be going here is that it's the closest gym to my house.  After my free 1 hour personal training session that came with joining, it will take all my energy to walk back into that place.I've never seen such high pressure sales tactics.  The dude trying to sell me their outrageously expensive personal training packages just wouldn't take no for an anwer.  When I said I needed to ask my husband about the extra money, he said "I'm disappointed that your husband doesn't support you and you have to ask him about that kind of thing."  What an a-hole.  I walked out at that point (before I ripped his face off).
3	I been to this LA Fitness location twice and have fairly good experiences both times I have went. I go around 730-800pm when the after work crowd starts to die down. None of the weights I used were dirty or broken, I didn't hear people crashing weights and grunting like the location in Scottsdale and its very convenient to my apt. Not the nicest gym, but if your coming to sweat and get a work out in than it will def due.
1	Run don't walk away from this place... at least the running away will take care of your cardio for the day.  I wouldn't go there again if I lived right next to it.I was pressured into signing up for a personal trainer.  The first couple times the trainer called to set up appointments.  Then she was to be gone for a while and told me another trainer would call.  Nobody ever called again, and I'm definitely the type that will let such things slide if not being nagged about it.  That's supposed to be one of the benefits of a personal trainer:  accountability, a commitment to keep up the good work.  But there is no commitment on LA's side.The charges keep recurring anyway, whether you use the sessions or not, and they will never under any circumstances issue a refund.  So a couple of months went by at $120 each, on top of the gym membership itself.  Now we are moving, so in order to cancel my subscription and discontinue further charges, they tell me I have to go to the post office and send a certified letter to their main office.  That's right, you can sign up in Phoenix but you cannot cancel your subscription anywhere in Phoenix.  It's like a Roach Motel... you can't check out.Their only justification for getting away with these shenanigans is that it's all in the fine print when you sign up, and after all, I could just avoid moving so I can continue my membership, and continue with those PT sessions.  All on my own initiative of course.The other comments about equipment shortages and being excessively busy are spot-on too.  I've been there at 9:00 PM (past the peak) and still had trouble finding dumbells in certain sizes, and had to wait for certain machines.  The pool has 3 lanes, and since I'm a beginner at swimming I didn't like being there with other swimmers, which would be pretty much always.  It was also closed for a while due to remodeling.  So I didn't get much use out of that either.
1	I'd give less if I could. You like to swim? Sorry the pool is closed about 80% of the time. Enjoy spinning class? Yeahhhh, the air conditioner is broke and let me tell you people, its hot, really really hot. Want to work on machines? Get in line, to bad half of them are broke. The free weights are in hiding, embarrassed to show their face in such a low class gym. The people who are members call it the ghetto LA fitness. Do yourself a favor go to 24 hour fitness.
4	I've read a lot of reviews for this gym and have to disagree with most. I've never seen a dirty bathroom or unfriendly staff member. Tons of machines and free weights are up to date. Lots of cardio machines and benches.Staff is really helpful and overall friendly environment. I recommend the spin class on mondays and sundays and the cardio kickbox class on wednesdays.The juicebar has plenty of great smoothies and nutritional foods to help you out when you need a little boost.
4	I've been using this gym regularly for the past couple of years now and I haven't had any issues previously mentioned. This location is one of the larger ones and there are plenty of free weights, universals, and cardio machines that accommodate even the busiest hours. Sure, it gets busy at peak times, but that is expected. The machines tend to free up pretty quickly. Even if you do have to wait a couple of minutes for a machine you shouldn't have any problem staying busy. It's always good to change up your routine anyways. Challenge yourself. Some of the machines are out of service from time to time, but that's mainly because they are being repadded/reupholstered, which is a good thing. There are plenty of staff members available throughout the day walking the floor. They all seem to be pretty friendly and willing to help make your experience a positive one. The overall cleanliness of the gym has been pretty good. The cleaning crew is always around. Yep, you have your occasional slobs from time to time, but that's about it. And, I can't say I've witnessed people slingin' poo around the men's bathroom either. I saw the pic above, don't know what that's all about. I guess someone was just having a bad day.
1	I have been a member of LA Fitness since 2007 and the Camelback location isn't much better than the Northern location, although I hear they are completely rebuilding Northern. Every time that I would work out at Camelback, the equipment was busy/taken and I would have to alter my workout routine which I am dedicated to. So, after having to use random machines and messing up my workout routine, I decided to use the Tatum facility. Not much better. Very dirty, busy; people watching? It's a gross meat market. I want a workout, not to be checked out and judged. Thank You Village! You are my new home!
2	LA FITNESS?  You ask?  Well I rate you a two, due to the unclean restrooms, feet smelling locker rooms, un air-conditioned dressing rooms.  Trust, who wants to walk into a locker room and walk out like you were in a sauna.  ugh!!  I visit you, only for the fact that it is conveniently close to my work and my home, and I have a killer rate.  I did not rate you a 1 because the staff is very nice and welcoming.
2	For 10+ years I was a member of Pure Fitness but had to find an alternative when it closed.  That one must have spoiled me because, to me, this place - while not horrible - is far from great.As someone below mentioned, it's over-sold.  The equipment is in good condition but if you're into free weights, there simply isn't enough to handle the crowds you'll find any evening or on weekends.The men's locker room is usually not clean, there's only one water fountain on the main floor, and the place usually stinks - a unique combination of BO, body spray (note to anyone under 20 - that crap is NOT meant to be a substitute for showering) and something I just can't put my finger on.  Feet?  Trash?  You tell me.  I don't expect a gym to smell like roses but would it kill them to plug a few air fresheners in?  It also seems unnecessarily hot (even for a gym), as if management doesn't want to use the AC...but that's minor.  It's a workout after all.On the positive side it's affordable, it's close to where I live, and it has covered parking.  I've never had staff try to sell me anything, and it also has basketball/racquetball courts, classes, daycare - all of which I do not use so if that's important to you...score.Suffice it to say if they opened another gym anywhere in my area for the same or slightly higher rate I'd leave this place faster than you could say 'fitness'.
2	I'm really trying to just grin and bear it as I gradually perceive that the equipment isn't being refreshed and the locker rooms/showers just aren't getting cleaned. I'm on the verge of giving up. Going there--no matter how convenient--is becoming a chore. They need to steam-clean the showers and bathrooms regularly. The place isn't open 24/7 so it shouldn't be a big deal. Most of the carpet also needs to be replaced following the pool leak. The musty smells are getting to be too much.
1	Soooooo gym expectations have flourished over the past few years and THIS LA Fitness is waaaay behind.I have been so MANY LA Fitnesses and it seems like they have either been recently updated or they are from 1991. This one is from 1985. I don't know that that is an actual fact but it just seems like it :)It is so hot in Arizona. The last thing you want to do it go work out where it is 90 degrees... but that's exactly what you'll get at this facility. Before you even begin your workout you will be sweating. It is a gym so I guess this is acceptable but there are some nasty smelling people and the moist, stagnant air really isn't helping anything.I will most likely continue to go to this location just because it is so close to mi casa but I wish I didn't have to  :(
4	That's too bad this place has such low reviews.  My guess is the people are probably complaining about how busy it gets.  Well duh.. stick a gym in the middle of the Biltmore area, of course it'll get packed.  Best time to go is in the early morning or mid day.  DO NOT go at 5PM.. because you will be waiting a long time for any equipment. What I love about this place is the staff is friendly and they have their own NRGize Cafe that i love getting the shakes from. Yummm..I love this place so I wont complain.  Why not 5 stars then?  Well because I too have been here when it's busy and it sucks.. but I wont ruin the review over it.:)
1	this gym is whack compared to the other ones i go to(chandler, tempe). I have been trying to figure out the best times to go and pretty much i've come to the conclusion that if you're not there at opening time dont waste your time. If your goals are to put in a good solid hour of no bullsh**t working out then this place is not for you. I swear there's a gotdamn fashion show going on while i'm here everytime. this place really takes the enjoyment out of going to the gym.
4	Love the spin cycles at this location.  Our Saturday morning drill instuctor is a hoot and makes the class fun.  Going back Thursday night!
2	This place is pretty ghetto. I only come here because it's walking distance from my house. It's not necessarily run down, but it doesn't look like keeping the place up is necessarily a priority here either.
3	I have been going to this gym for 5 years. I go in the early a.m. (6) or evening and weekend. It's always pretty busy, even late at night there can be some traffic. What I dislike: oh the smell in the parking lot after 3 pm makes me want to gag! I often park on the top level of the parking structure and I take the ramp up & down simply to avoid smelling that smell you will inevitably catch a whiff of if you take the stairs. Perhaps you are not familiar with the concept of positive/negative reinforcement LA Fitness?  If walking to the gym makes me want to upchuck my lunch, i'm not going to want to go back to gym! Or...ahh, maybe that IS their intention. Well played LA. I've just caught on. Just in case you see me lunging my way up the ramp now you know why.I have worked out with personal trainers there off and on through the years. While I have had one or two that I liked they are never around long. I've been told their pay is crappy which makes me wonder where all the money I pay for training goes? (Clearly not trash removal).  Changing trainers and difficulty booking early or late in the day didn't work for me. Neither did the trainer who made me do a military style workout on my first day. Sir, you may not know what DDs feel like when doing lots of jumping jacks but I can assure you we have some work to do before you'll get me to do those again....I will say that I like the classes though! Great variety for all levels -  Yoga, pilates, Zumba, aqua aerobics... all offered during convienent times throughout the day and week, mostly all great instructors, no registration, I think LA does this better than most gyms!   Also love the multiple locations, I have visited LA fitness in a few cities around the US and definitely lots in the valley.  I discovered the Tempe LA fitness off Rural & Southern... recently remodeled, AMAZING!  So, while I did the one month Group On to 24 hr fitness, I ultimately ended up staying loyal.  I will be back!
1	Considering what is considered the 'norm' for workout facilities... this place is WAY behind the times.This place would be amazing for 1952- it would then be considered clean, tidy, and cutting edge. There are some actual perks about this place- they do have daycare and plenty of mirrors for me to watch my fat jiggle while I run on the treadmill ;)It's just an utter disaster. When the BF and I originally signed up, we got a couples membership at a newly redone Glendale location and it was worth the monthly membership fee.This place does not need a 'face-lift.' It needs to be gutted and TOTALLY renovated. You just feel a nasty moistness when you walk in the door- which just gets worse the longer you're there... and is even MORE WORSE during the summer. Guys always have the weight benches dominated. There's never any availability for machines (any kind) from 4-7:30pm, then it starts to thin out. Blah bla bla blah bla.Considering this is the "Biltmore" location... huge disappointment. Fact.
4	I was a little reluctant to join this place after reading so many of the negative reviews, but took a chance because it is within walking distance of my house.  I've been going here for about 2 weeks now and don't see many of the problems that other users are complaining about.  It is not dirty, doesn't smell bad, and the equipment isn't broken.  No one has been rude to me, and I am able to go about my workout without any problems.  What else do you need?  I'd give it 5 stars if they had better stations on the TVs instead of just E! and CNN.
1	Camelback and 24th st. its the CSI club cause the rug looks like it should be taped off !! mold in the bathrooms, broken tile, broken glass in the yoga room,  gum on the floor etc etc etc etc
5	I dig it. I come here to work out and be in my zone. For all these bad reviewers, you joined a gym ... Not a country club so stop complaining. EL OH EL.
2	I mean, everything that you can read below is true.  Lots of the cardio machines are broken or performing badly, the staff sits at their desks in the corner and watches everyone (in a strange way) and the layout/carpet/design are outdated.
2	I've been a member for a month now, and I guess I'm able to get my workout done. I do find myself annoyed how cramped it can get by the weights. Like most of the reviews mentioned some of the equipment is older, but it suffices. I worked out at the LA Fitness on 3rd/Bell and it was AMAZING! It was so clean, nice, and new--tv's on EVERY cardio machine. When I came back to this location I felt BLAH.
3	I have been going to this gym for about 4 years now. I go because it's right by my work and home and because Eric is the best spin instructor ever.as far as the gym itself goes - it does seem like stuff is broken or breaking all of the time - mainly the cardio equipment though, not the weight machines. and the cardio machines are old models FYIit's frustrating to get on a cardio machine next to 2 other " out of order" machines, only to hear it making weird noises as if it is also broken. I know they say to report the items to the staff but who wants to spend the time writing down an item number and contacting an employee? I think the staff should test out the cardio machines on a weekly basis to ensure they are all working properly so that this burden doesn't have to be taken on by the paying gym members.I have no complaints about the cleanliness of the gym or bathrooms - have heard weird stories about the men's locker room but since I'm a girl, I can't complain.if this gym is convenient for you to go to then you should check it out, but if you're looking for top of the line equipement, this place isn't for you
1	Canceling my membership this week.  I rather not exercise at all than go back to this place.  I have been a member for almost a year and every time I am here (about once a week) I am horribly disappointed and often appalled. When you walk in the smell immediately hits you, it smells like sweat and stale body odor.  It is stuffy and way too warm for a gym or a comfortable workout.  If you try to work out anytime between 5pm and 7pm there are always lines for the cardio equipment and often many of the popular weight machines.  The machines are extremely out-dated.  The cardio machines at my old LA Fitness in Ahwatukee have TV's on them the ones at Town and Country are often broken, squeaky or unstable.  Not a good combination for running.Walk around the back to the "stretching/resistance" area and chances are you won't ever find room to actually use the area.  The locker rooms are just as outdated/dirty/broken.  And make sure you bring your own lock and towel because there is no way they will ever supply you with one should you not bring your own.As far as the classes go, I have only taken yoga, not too bad but not at all the level of instruction you would get at a private studio.  This place needs a complete remodel, or a tear down... there is literally not enough room in the building to host all the hundreds of people piling through the doors.  Unfortunately it is the only "chain-gym" in the area which is why I imagine people are still going here.
1	I used to work out at this la fitness. i was a member for about 5+ years. actually i went to the Q on 32nd until they were bought by 24hr and my membership went to 50 bucks. so i switched to the LA on 20st or as we call it La Gay Fitness. I quit in November 2011 because i just had enough. Machines were always broken, showers were never clean and the curtains were always being ripped down due to the creepers who like to take a shower for hours. I worked out at 5am and there was always 30-50 people waiting to get in but they would not open any earlier. complaints to management never seemed to get me anywhere. On top of that i didnt like a couple of the class instructors and i couldnt ever count on who was teaching because they would always change it up at the last minute. The club is always over crowded at peak times. The carpet does seem like its been there for decades and is stained along with the walls. weights are always missing. the employees at the front desk are useless, how hard is it to quit talking on your cell phone and walk around and clean the club up and put weights back. needless to say i left and went to Golds Gym Elite Downtown. if you can make it downtown. Golds opens at 4am and is open longer than LA. the fee if you give my name, Geoff Gray, is 19.97 every 2 weeks which entitles you to unlimited Golds access to any club, towel service, parking and you can bring a guest as many times as you wish which is basically like having 2 memberships. totally worth the money and drive. If you sign up you can ask to have some personal training sessions thrown in and they will. make sure you mention my name for the discounted rate. they do referrals so if you join and get others to join they will also discount your membership. oh yeah the locker rooms are beautifully clean, the machines are top of the line, we have a cardio theater where you can watch movies while you run, climb or bike. the machines have tvs on them, plus, its up above the city so you have a great view. from la fitness its about a 10 minute drive!
1	I have been a member here for 7 years. This place has really gone downhill. The shower rooms are terrible. They have moldy shower curtains, or drains that clog and leave you standing in a pool of gross water, or shower curtains that the staff cut in half so they don't fully enclose the stall, and/or missing lids to the soap dispensers. The sinks have handles that are so worn out that the levers don't work properly when you go to turn them off.A lot of the equipment is out of order. Some have signs, some do not. The staff does not return the free weights to the racks; the weights are scattered all around the gym just lying around. I've only seen one staff member actually doing "work".  Just today I went to use one of the sit-up machines, and a rude repairman (wearing the LA Fitness polo shirt) told me I couldn't use it because he was repairing the machine NEXT to mine. And he was using free weights to indicate the machine was not to be used (instead of a sign like a normal person). No wonder the free weights are never where they are supposed to be!The only reason I don't switch gyms is because the rate I am paying here cannot be found at other gyms. I have spoken to the desk staff several times about broken equipment, shower drain clogs, etc...I often have to complain several times before any action is taken.  I would like to contact the LA Fitness Corporate office, but of course you can't find how to do that on their website.I'm glad this gym is going to close. I hope the new one being built at 7th Ave and Camelback will be a step up (hopefully with management and staff that actually cares about their store). When this gym closes, I will probably cancel my membership and just pay the extra money to go to a clean, maintained gym.
3	'O.K.' club if you're not too picky or persnickity.  It's often crowed, but except on Mondays (the busiest day for some reason), it's not too hard to get equipment for a perfectly good weight session without any waiting.  I can't speak to cardio equipment as I seldom use that.  The club's a bit old and has a bit of an appearance of shabbiness, which might bother some folks, but since I'm there to get in a work out and not to enjoy the ambiance, doesn't affect me. It's noticeable, but not especially offensive.  Some folks call this the 'gay LA', and maybe it is, but I wouldn't know, or care.  I can't tell straight guys from gay ones anymore anyway, guys have become so much less macho and butch over the past couple decades anyway....so who cares?  I'm too old to either notice or give a rip.  The crowd here is just fine as far as I can tell...polite, not annoying or pushy.  Now here are the downers:  Management lets members reserve racquetball courts for their kids to play in.  I object to this as a mis-use of these courts, even worse they allow personal trainers to use them as private training rooms...not only misusing special purpose facilities, but also causing damage to the floors from weights and inappropriate shoes.  Also their are often a shortage of security lockers.  The basketball court is a bit of a joke, small and with a column and water fountain on the playing floor.  LA needs to close this gym and build a bigger and expanded on nearby.  This gym has 5 racquetaball courts.  That's a plus, most times (see above).  For an older, crowded club, this place is just fine.  If you're picky or precious...look elsewhere I guess.
1	I cancelled due to the problems with the facility I mentioned earlier. Hell, I think almost everyone has had the same problems with this place.They give you two ways of canceling: Via US mail (they print out a form, you provide the envelope and stamp) or in-person during the 9-6 business day Monday-Friday when one of the managers is on duty. Why I couldn't cancel online in real time or in person during the weekend? No one knew. At least they were cheerful about it.In the end nothing much had changed despite complaints from me and I am sure many other members. The locker room  and shower area is still dirty, the floor is still filled with a lot of rickety treadmills, and it's still probably worth the $30/mo for the determined, but not if you don't feel like going.
1	This is my second review of this place, and I had to give it one star this time. This place deserves it. Overcrowded is an understatement, but the most disappointing thing is the quality/shape of equipment and overall cleanliness. It's the little things that really ticked me off. First, the employees are often hanging around chatting while the paper towel dispensers are empty and garbage litters the weight area. If equipment is out of order it usually takes a few weeks to get repaired. Cardio equipment is grimy, sticky and outdated. For those patrons who litter the areas and don't clean up on themselves, seriously get some manners. However, the lack of pride in this establishment from the employees makes it OK for rude people to trash the place. I would be embarrassed to work there in the shape it is in. This place is a straight up dump and a waste of my time and money. I've been to another LA Fitness in town and it was like a different world. New, clean, friendly employees. Imagine that! I've only been a member since May, and as soon as I'm done writing this review I'm looking for a BETTER gym close to my home. It's really a shame. The worst part is I think the employees know this place is a dump and just don't give a damn.
2	I've been checking out gyms after my 24 Hour Fitness membership expired. I was reluctant to renew it.With my three-day trial pass on hand, I went to  LA Fitness. It is in a convenient area, smack in Camelback, with a very promising space. Convenient is centrally located with ample parking, however, that's not what makes a good gym. Promising is when, at first glance, the workout space extends all the way back like a long bowling alley with lots of machines. Upon closer look, some machines were dirty, others vandalized, most had seen better days.After a warm up on an elliptical which handle bars were stickier than honey dried in an afternoon sun, I went for chest machines. I did three sets of seated fly only to notice that per visual diagram I did  "_ _ ATE_  FLY". I felt compelled to wash my hands. Promising is a locker room, clean and bright, where you can wash off the built up of sweat and grime on your hand. Reality is a wash room that is more like a petri dish for new drug resistant strain of flesh-eating bacteria just waiting to make the giant leap from dirty floor to human skin. If you're a bacteria, this gym is convenient and promising. Three-day trial pass not required. If you're human, get a pass before joining. Maybe I was there on a bad day.As for the lady working at the front desk? She was staring blankly outside waiting for redemption when her shift is over. I didn't bother to discuss membership options.
1	I have only been going to LA Fitness for about 6 months. I live in Scottsdale and work in Phoenix, so I go to the 20th St & Camelback, Scottsdale and Oak and McCormick Ranch locations.  The Scottsdale locations are GREAT! They are clean, the staff is really nice and I see people cleaning the equipment when they are done.  What is it with the Camelback crowd?  The place really smells bad! It really needs a good cleaning. There has been this big spot on the carpet in front of the womens locker room since I started.  I was on the treadmill the other day really noticing how stinky it was and then the guy next to me finished up and just walked off, I swear he was sweating like a pig, left the equipment drenched! UGH!!!  Good God! I couldn't believe it, Can't the employees make these people clean after themselves?? The reviews are right about the staff just hanging around at the front desk.....they should be cleaning something, anything.  It really is a shame that this centrally located facility is a real stinky mess!!  I can't wait for the new one to open on 7th Avenue! Maybe then they may clean up their act.
3	It's a normal corporate gym. It gets the job done.
3	Let's be reasonable, a gym is a place you go to sweat. If you are looking for 4 star accommodations, try a hotel. I find this LA fitness to be adequate for what it is. There's enough cardio machines and enough weights, both free and machine. If classes are your thing they have those and they also have a spin room. It's close to work and the price is right.....so don't mind if I do.
2	The locker rooms are filthy the equipment. Is falling Apart and the weights are dirty.    The front desk staff are not friendly.    Been going to other gyms and I will drive the extra mile for cleanliness and friendly staff
3	I go to this gym 3-4 days a week. I only use the cardio equipment and weights. I have also taken the group fitness classes and the spinning classes. Never used the pool, sauna or kids club.  Pros: Some of the classes are great! My favorite instructor is Patrick and his yoga classes are the best! Plenty free weights and machines (disclaimer-I am no body builder) and as well as cardio equipment. All the trainers are very helpful! My iPod once fell on the treadmill and went INTO it!!! Ryan got it taken apart and saved my iPod! What a relief...coz I absolutely cannot run without my music. I always go at 7 or 7.30 to avoid rush hour and have never waited more than 5 minutes for a treadmill. It is also next door to Trader Joe's and walking distance from a bunch of cute sandwich places. Jamba Juice is walking distance too!   Cons: The treadmills are sort of run-down and falling apart and the carpet is rather smelly. I wish there were more than 3 stair steppers. Spin room gets pretty hot in summer....I always come out looking like a took a shower with my clothes on! LOL!  Overall, I really like this gym. It has all the things I need. However, I will, most definitely, be going to the one on Camelback and 7th ave because, well, new equipment is nice and this one needs a renovation!
1	Should be L.I.E. FitnessI just filed a complaint with the Better Business Bureau against LA Fitness. The sales person (Harold) straight up LIES about the contact terms to get you to sign. The operations managers are no help. They say they'll call you back and don't. They seem complicit in allowing their sales people to lie, and allowing the collections callers to bully people.  I moved to 24 Hour Fitness and am so glad. Better/Newer equipment, better classes, and (apparently) no slimy sales guy. # of BBB complaints in the last 12 months for LA Fitness? = 1170 # of BBB complaints in the last 12 months for 24 Hour Fitness? =  261DON'T GO!Also, if you got lied to:1. Dispute the charge with your CC company and you'll get your money back and they cannot charge you any more.2. File a complain with the BBB3. Lastly - take heart that they *DON'T* report to credit agencies (unless the ops manager lied about that, which is possible)Shame on you LA Fitness!
4	Great gym located only a block from me. The staff is great! The only thing I have here is that they renovated the other LA Fitnesses in the Phoenix area and have yet done anything new to this location, which ironically is located by the Biltmore. Hope they update it soon!
4	Let's see. I joined LA Fitness in October 2012 after moving from the east coast.  I had previously been a member of some fairly high brow places (Equinox, New York Sports Club and then a very tiny place on Long Island, Unique Fitness). My fitness had been sidelined following a car accident so the weight had piled on. When I was finally ready to work out (medically cleared!) I went shopping like it was nobody's business to find the "right" place. My criteria: I wanted use of an Arc Trainer nearby. I didn't realize these are hard to find machines in Phoenix.  Fine, so be it. I searched high and low and am so excited to have landed where I did. I've dropped 40 pounds since I joined. I love the way I look and can't wait to reach my end goal.  The main selling point to me when I joined - and still is - is the staff. If I need something - pretty much anything - I know someone will be there to help me. And I am one needy son of a bitch.  When I joined I new next to nothing about weight training and signed up to see a trainer once a week. I must have, no, I know I did, asked for remedial assistance each time I forgot a line item on my written out training schedule. Or how to properly use a machine. (The list goes on I'm slightly embarrassed to say.) I was never once met with an exasperated sigh, or an irritated look. That would *never* have happened at Equinox or NYSC in NYC. Sorry. 'If you're not paying for an active session, we can't help you' was the gist. Not the case here. Or at this location at least.  There is no way Harold, the director of personal training, would ever allow that to fly. His team is pretty awesome. I say that as I've met so many of them - even though they're not training me! (Gerard is my trainer. I almost didn't include his name for selfish reasons. I don't want to oversell him. I know, I know. It's hard enough to get on his calendar as it is!)The front desk staff is not simply swiping my key fob when I walk in. They greet me by name and smile (before they scan me). I like that. Going to the gym is actually a fun thing here when everyone is so friendly.  Chris, who handles billing, is also a mega star. Mr. Friendly.As far as classes I can only speak to taking yoga and the 'bodywork out + abs' class. For both I'd recommend doing what I did, which is trying different instructors to find someone's style that you like. I'm very flexible so I wanted a challenging yoga class, so John rocks it for me. Gina terrified me at first when I start with my 3lb dumbells and couldn't keep up, but I'm super proud to now be able to complete all of her ab work (using her advanced version - woot!) and no longer carry the weenie weights of shame. (I still find her walking lunges a terrible challenge tho.)I'm a big believer in seeing results. And 40 pounds (FOUR dress sizes) is nothing to dismiss. For pictures (and perhaps too much talking) see http://futurespartan.wordpress.com/2013/02/15/. This is a great place.
2	I'm downgrading my review of this location. Some of the selling points are well, not there anymore. If you read nothing else, I would say changes in staff are affecting customer service. Also, the head of personal training has "moved". (This is *majorly* a suck point. But I'll get to that at another time.)Tonight was just enough to make me shake my head. I came in on a Sunday eve and was the only person being swiped in. The gentleman up front did not respond at all to [my clear],"Hi!". (His stone face gave me reason to think he didn't hear me, so I repeated myself. Nada.) I'm not sure what his beef was. First time I've seen him but he wasn't wearing the standard staff outfit (grey or black shirt with a collar). He was dressed to go out and seemed annoyed that I dared show up.Really?I'm sorry to have bothered you. He literally swiped my pass, confirmed I was ok, and gave it back to me. Like a robot. Whatever. No personal touch there. I don't care if he's a manager and swiping is beneath him, but suck it up and do the function of a front office position.There is a newer guy during the day who is trying to learn the ropes, but, gone are the personal greetings when I joined. Also, there is an incredibly younger woman who appears waaaay more interested in turning her back to the front door. Yeah, I get that sitting up there is not the most stimulating job. But - um - that's the job. To face the door. (And, um, greet customers?) Also, gone (poof!) are any goodbyes when you leave. It's so strange.WAIT. I take that back. There is one rock star up front named Jennifer. She gets it. I hope she sticks around.  Good things I've noticed...1) if you provide feedback about specific issues the operations guy, Chris, does respond to them. As an example, we were totally run low on yoga mats. It was mentioned and an order was placed quickly.2) the cleaning crew seems much more invested in their responsibilities. things are so much less icky than they were before. 3) spin classes ARE AWESOME. All of them. I've tried them and love them. Seriously, best set of diverse leaders ever. great way to quickly build up cardio. (and fun!)4) Gina is still my favorite instructor. She teaches the Bodyworkout + Abs class Thursday morning. No joke, this stuff is hard stuff. But you totally see results if you go.  I highly recommend.
3	On Friday LA Fitness reached out to me to in response to my last review. I was pleasantly surprised to hear from part of the team responsible for front office operations. Things sound promising given the direction Chris outlined. Some of the feedback provided sounded like it was heard and received. Training of existing and new employees will strive to emphasize customer service. (And Jennifer, my favorite front office fob swiper ever, isn't going anywhere!)Chris personally offered his expertise / guidance for strategy if I wanted any advice as I plan towards an obstacle race next year. (My fitness goals have changed and I'm using Google to supplement the 30 minute slot I have with my personal trainer. Thirty minutes once a week is not enough to talk strategy.) This was in response to my disappointment that Harold (former head of Personal Training) had moved to the Scottsdale location and was no longer around to provide coaching.Rating upgraded to reflect the near immediate response to my feedback. Go Yelp!
1	The Gym itself is fine. I got a decent month to month rate and the amenities are acceptable. Its not the nicest gym I've been to but its far from the worse. The sales man said they will be doing some remodels soon so I'm sure that will help.    My main issue is with the training staff. My roommate and I wanted to start going to the gym so we went in and I told the salesman that I was sure I would use the membership but they don't offer a discounted rate when you add someone. So I wasn't sure if it was worth the 30 bucks a month to add my roommate on since he is 5 6" and a 115lbs wet and never has lifted before.    So his reasonable response was that we would sign me up and give my roommate a while on a guest pass before we add him onto my account. Also he told me the membership comes with a "free trainer consultation" and since I have a lot of experience with nutrition and working out he said that my roommate could use it to hopefully get him the motivation and assistance he needs to start progressing. It all sounded fine and good until we showed up for the training session.     We had been contacted by Kyndra about the session and she said we would be getting a confirmation call the night before ( which never came) but we had the email confirmation so we went in anyway. My poor roommate was sitting there waiting for her for at least 20 minutes and she was no where to be found. Finally I noticed that she came and took him to her little cubicle but then after a while I noticed they were still over there so I decided to go make sure everything was ok.  I walk up to Kyndra grilling my roommate about how we got the membership and what the stipulations of our guest passes were. My poor roommate is only 19, tiny and has EXTREME social anxiety and was being grilled by Kyndra who could literally pick him up and break him in half. So I walk up and she asks him another questions and he looks at me and she says " don't look at him answer me" I was thinking WTF so I had to interject and tell her the terms that we started out account and what the salesman had told us.    She then informed us that since he technically wasn't a member she wouldn't give him the session even though maybe 8 feet away there is a sign that says something like "bring in a friend and both of you can have a free training session" She never even asked me if I wanted a session or if I wanted to be included so he can receive a session.          A) What a waste of time          B) If you make an appointment be on time         C) I'm sorry if the salesman says one thing and you say another. That's not our               problem. Figure that out in your own time and don't involve us in your              drama          D) Lastly that is not how you deal with a customer ! We did nothing wrong               Don't traumatize my poor roommate who was obviously scared since               you were grilling him with questions that he didn't know the answers too                like he did something wrong !
4	Wow! Some things never change! I popped in today to update my membership. The front desk is awesome! Even though I had a high maintenance request I was still handled with the utmost attention. (Yes, that's me. Being needy.)I had run into the awesome Operations Manager outside, Chris M. who was happy to point me to a go to contact. (Even though he was off the clock.) That's swell!  It's unfortunate LA Fitness no longer prioritizes Yelp reviews (as Yelp reviews are no longer on their intranet) but Yelp peeps read reviews. So I write them. This is still a neat place. It is conveniently located and provides a high level of customer service. This place is a freezer! The AC is cranking! I heard the cooler temps are due to the renovation. I haven't had the fun of working out here since the updates. But OH BOY. It was chilly! (Yay!)Having now visited a number of LA Fitness locations in Phoenix I can say the following with confidence...Although some of the equipment is older, members clean up after themselves like they are preparing for surgery. If you're a germaphobe this isn't a great place to workout. Members religiously use the soapy and gel stuff. There are paper towels readily available. (Staff is really good about keeping supplies stocked too. I've been witness to immediate response when a report is made that the paper towels are out.)The cleaning crew does a vigorous vacuuming. Have no fear, this place is clean!The classes here are awesome. I don't know where they source their teachers but I adore all of them.  * I have a healthy respect for Gina who teaches the BodyWorkout + Abs class Thursday AM. Initially it was a mixture of fear and hatred. (BUT IN A GOOD WAY! :)* If Aimee is teaching, try her class. Be ready, She's intense. VERY INTENSE.* If Yoga is your thing, they have some great teachers too. My personal favorite is John. (The man is a rubber band with super human strength.)Personal Training* Gerard rocks. If you can get on his calendar I highly recommend it. Check out my before/recent photo in my pictures. Please tell him I referred you. He really is great.* Yes, the gym is crowded at peak times. If you can, workout at an off-peak time. (Duh.) So wait until 7pm. Or get here before 5pm. I hear mornings are full ... but I'm not ever up that early.* Yes, this is definitely a social place for some men. This works to straight women's advantage. No one is going to bother you.* Yes, the locker rooms have seen better days. But the showers produce fire hose worthy pressure.* If you're taking a Body works or Step class at a peak time and 8lb weights are your thing...consider bringing your own. There are only 4 sets (!) in the class.* Yes, there isn't enough space in the stretching area, but that's true at almost any club. This location is pretty chill about letting you grab a yoga mat (from the main class room) to use anywhere you find a space. You don't feel out of place doing an ab workout on the edge of a wall.* Yes, there are only three stair masters. This sucks balls.* Yes, the machines are old. So no tvs or anything fancy to distract you while you exercise. Get over it. * Yes, the step up weight machine has been broken for months. Don't expect to use that anytime soon.General comment about LA FItness Training. That stuff works. I just went in for a fitness eval / measurements seven months out. Hot damn I'm happy. http://tinyurl.com/llb3
1	I've never written a review on yelp before but after my experience yesterday at LA Fitness I felt obligated to. I primarily lift at this location as it is closest to my location. I've been a member for about two years. First this gym is an older one of their facilities in need of an update and a good cleaning. Treadmills rattle as you run, additionally there are several out of order or broken cardio stations daily. The lockers in the locker room are unsafe as the locking mechanisms are broken or close to broken. So leaving your belongings is not an option.Second the staff has gone downhill in the last few month or so. The front desk staff seems to not care at all. I've never used the trainers as I've had no need for one yet. The managerial staff is very complacent as all they want is you to sign up so they can never talk to you again.Lastly, yesterday I was approached by a Manager (Tony, who I read in another review has been quite the terror) who decided it was necessary to berate me and my brother about our dead lifts. He failed to actually ask us to change what we were doing or how to improve it. Instead he proceeded to belittle us and say how what we were doing was to loud and we should know better. I told him it was difficult to place a dead lift down quietly which is reply was "I can do it". If he would have asked me to "please try and keep it down" most likely I would have been annoyed but would have attempted to make less noise. I've never felt more annoyed and upset at a place I pay for their facilities.
4	The biggest complaint I've had in the past was the difficulty in cancellation of the membership.  There have been times in the past when i leave the country and it was difficult to deal with their cancellation policies.So I got the skinny right form the club.  You just go in 10 days before the billing date and you will have those ten days plus the following month to use the membership.  So you can effectively get a 2 month membership by signing up and canceling any time in the next 2 weeks or so.I'm planning on using the club for 3 months. So I will do exactly as instructed and if all goes well, my review will not change.
4	What can I say about this gym? First off, let me just say that this is a gym people! So of course it's gunna have the occasional funny smell, busy peak hours and some broken equipment here and there. Now, with that being said, I think that as far as an LA Fitness in Phoenix goes, its a pretty good gym. The staff is nice and welcoming however, if you're looking for a servant to cater to your every need, you probably won't get that here. The peak hours here are busy but not nearly as bad as some of the gyms I've been to. I haven't once been unable to get my workout in, even during peak hours. It may take a minute or two of being patient and sharing the equipment with others but, it is doable. Seeing as how I do body build, I see no reason why people that only do cardio or stretch or whatever have such a hard time getting their workout in. All in all, this has become my favorite gym to workout in. It has what you need to workout, nothing more nothing less. If your worried about watching tv, stay at home and do that!
2	This rant is about the wrongful misinformation of sales tactics. The actual clubs I have worked out at all over the country I enjoy and like.So today I cancelled my membership due to misinformation from the sales associate who signed me up. When I signed up at this club in PHX, due to location from my house 2.2 miles. I had a Lifetime membership (which if you have ever worked out at a LF you know they are way more superior than any LA Fitness) The 2 Lifetimes in the PHX area were 18 miles from my house, so not really worth driving that much when you hit the gym 4 to 6 times a week. I switched and thought I was getting a good deal. I told her I do storm related work and travel a ton for business. That I would only be in PHX 9 months to a year and a half. Which I stayed for about a year and a half. Even though I went to Dallas 3 months twice during that time. I used the LA Fitness all over Dallas and they said I was restricted to only AZ. I said NO, I would not sign up for that when I travel as much as I do. They let me with no problem. When I was in Florida for over a month and used the club a few times a week they did not say one thing to me. Now that I am in Indianapolis for a few months they just said I can not use the clubs after today without paying $5 every time or a $99 fee to use all clubs. So I called member services and they are like well within the 1st 5 days or so we could of made a change or something. Well I did not try and use a club out of AZ until 2012 when I signed up Jan 7th 2011, so that would not be the case. They would not budge or even transfer to Indiana while I am here. I cancelled my membership on the spot...she said they can not do that and I said oh yes you can. She tried to say I had to go into a club to cancel. I said give me a supervisor because it can be done over the phone, so she said you will receive cancellation confirmation in an email. I just received the email and I am still good at LA Fitness till 9-5-2013 if I want to use the clubs. HAHA  My buddy went and signed up for 2 months here for less than what I was paying....which I was paying 34.99 a month...not bad. So if I like I can do his deal at 29.99 a month or head on over to the Lifetime which is actually just as close to any of the LA's here...
1	Customer service sucks at this gym. I signed up for the personal training and liked the trainer but working with the gym to schedule the trainings was a nightmare. I would show up only to find out my session had been cancelled without letting me know. Sometimes they would call me an hour before my training to let me know it was cancelled, that's if I was lucky. They would make excuses and never follow through on calling me back.
4	I been a member at LA Fitness for over 5 years. This place does not stink anymore of body sweat since they since they change the carpet couple weeks ago.  About the fitness instructors been stuck up that's true.  I really don't care about that since I never use their services.  Yes they need to upgrade their equipment with monitors like others LA Fitness. But what can I ask when I'm only paying $25 per month for a state wide membership ?
2	Luxurious as  a YMCA in the 80's. Pool has low water level and too warm. Shower backed up. Obviously I am motivated to get a workout in spite of the grunge.
1	If I could give a half star I would!! This gym is nothing but LIES!! And would advise everyone to watch out for the sales team. They lie to you to get you into a contract saying that it could be cancelled any month only to find out that there are no such MONTHLY contracts! Then your stuck with a year spending hundreds of dollars!!!!!!I signed up with this gym in June and they suckered me into a "FREE" training session. I went to see what it was about and after doing a quick 25 minute session I was asked to sign up for a trial. It was explained to me that I could do three times a week at a low fee and try it out month to month. I signed up like a (insert profanity here). I went to my first training session only to find out that the person who signed me up didn't do training and was actually booked with a young guy who had NO interest in actually training me. The entire time he stared off into space or looking at everyone else not giving any direction to me the paying customer!! When I went again I received the same results. I knew that I was just throwing my hard earned money away and decided to cancel my "MONTHLY" training sessions. I wrote a letter to and took it to the gym to start the cancellation process only to find out that my contract was for a freaking YEAR!!!!!!!I was flabbergasted needless to say to know that I would spending $3,960 for crap training!!!! I went to the person who originally signed me up to complain and his only response to me was "You initialed the contracts"....Yes I initialed on a small little ELECTRONIC signature pad by their desk where. How do I know that my initials were not "copied" to those sections. When I let him know he told me it was a monthly deal he of course denied it. Called their supposed "corporate" office office and got the same stupid response!! The only way they would make it better for me is to set me up with another trainer. Feeling defeated, I went to the other trainer and got the same result as the first one!!!!!!!!!!!I then had to go to another gym and try out their trainers. When I finally found someone who actually cares and pushed me I was then informed that I would need to PAY MORE BECAUSE MY TRAINER NEEDED A RAISE!!!!!! Never was I informed that I would be penalized when the gym decides to implement a "MASTERS" trainer program. Then a two weeks ago my mother decides to sign up for the gym and was offered the same free training session. When she spoke with the training sales director, this lady told my mother that she could try the program for THIRTY DAYS!!!!! And if she likes it she could go month to month. When she informed me of this I immediately asked her to give me her contract to read because my understanding there wasn't a "MONTHLY" program. My mother then informs me that they never gave her a copy!!!!!! I let her know she needed to get it from ASAP as it is the GYMS responsibility to give her a contract. When she went to the gym and asked for a copy of the contract she was informed that they emailed those documents over to her. My mother does not have an email account!!! They gave her the run around until the grace period of canceling the contract was over....HOW CONVENIENT!! Now my mother is stuck with a year contract as well. When I contacted the sales director she informed me that they "stopped" the practice of lying to customers when she started in April....She then informed me that the person who signed me up was known for doing this as well. There is no resolution and we are stuck with paying hundreds of dollars because LA FITNESS BUSINESS PRACTICE IS TO RIP PEOPLE OFF BECAUSE THEY ARE A BUNCH OF SHADY GREEDY LYING CORPORATE AGENCY!!!! SAVE YOUR MONEY DO NOT GO HERE!!!! LEARN FROM OUR EXPERIENCE.
2	not my favorite location.  the front desk person told my wife that if she wanted to change her Billing info that a manager would have to do it, and she'd have to come back during the week, between 8 and 4 pm.  Er, she works a grownup job, hello?  So we called another location and did it over the phone.  Overall, LA Fitness is the McDonalds of gyms.  Plenty of locations, and cheap enough, but don't expect fine dining or good service.
2	The main workout area is fine for the most part, but the bathroom and locker room areas are filthy, nasty. And it seems to be getting worse. When you ask to see a manager, suddenly they're all managers and they act as though they don't give a shit. It's painfully obvious.
4	I don't like to think of myself as a gym snob... however, after being a member at a high-end competitor for a couple of years, I may very well have become such a snob.  So I am checking my ego at the door and just utilizing that former experience as a point of comparison.LA Fitness has gyms nationwide and some are really nice and new (e.g., 7th Ave and Camelback) and others are as dumpy and worn down as you could ever imagine (e.g., the one located in Melrose Park, IL).  With that said, I am just focusing this review on the location at 20th St and Camelback.The desk staff are friendly and responsive for the most part.  My experiences with them are usually limited to either checking in when I get there or "borrowing" a basketball to shoot around in the basketball court.  Some of them are quick to say hi and others seemingly ignore you when you say hi to them.  Weird to be ignored by service staff, but not a big deal.  The equipment is typically is working order and I honestly do not have any complaints about machines being broken or broken weights not being replaced for long periods of time.  I believe the dumbbells go all the way up in weight to 120lbs... and there are two or three of most every size.  In the mornings (sometime between 7 and 10 a.m.), I rarely have to wait for a particular weight.  And if someone else is using a weight or machine, people are generally friendly and willing to share if you ask nicely.  Seriously, don't be a d%*k, just ask nicely. Everything is also pretty clean compared to many of the gyms that I have worked out at and there is a good presence of cleaning staff around in the mornings when I typically work out.  With that said, I'm a bit of a germaphobe so I make it a point to not do anything that would expose me to too many germs, like licking the equipment or putting my fingers in my mouth after touching weights.For you guys reading this, I know what information you're really looking for, so I will just cut to the chase and answer your biggest burning question... are the women who work out there attractive?  Ha, I'm just kidding.Overall, my wallet is glad that I switched to LA Fitness and so am I!
4	Great work day gym to hit during lunch.  Just wish they would stop playing teeny bopper estrogen music in the men's locker room. ... Damn!!!
4	This review is based solely on the workout classes. The teachers I have had are fantastic! My favorite is on Tuesday nights at 7pm with Marco! He really energizes the class and plays fantastic music to get you pumped. I think instructors and music can either make or break a class. Marco constantly inspires you to work your hardest in this Kickbox Cardio class. You will leave drenched in sweat and feel fulfilled. I am going to try Patrick's yoga class on Wednesdays at 5:45 starting tonights. I basically venture from different LA Fitnesses to find the best teachers! It is wll worth it! The only CON is it is usually packed from 5-7pm.
1	The service at this gym is AWFUL. Tried to cancel my membership today and they refused to do so since the Operations Manager had not shown up for the day yet. This was the icing on the cake. Regularly when trying to work out the trainers are pushing their services on you. The front desk employees seem like they'd rather be anywhere else and are downright rude. My father had purchased an expensive training package with them and ended up not using it and tried to transfer it to me. In order to do so they required he remain a member until the entire package was used, even though he had paid for the package and didn't want to belong to the gym anymore.Hands down one of the worst gyms I've ever joined. Check out the Y, the people are friendly and the facility is well maintained.
3	I think I'll stay with Gold's Gym. This gym doesn't have enough weights for the men to do exercises. There seem to be a lot of treadmills available but if you want to lift weights there simply aren't enough free weights for everyone to use. Plus, there are a lot of people that try to use two machines at the same time. And a lot of people that are actually on a date, not trying to work out.
4	This LA fitness is convenient and inexpensive. This particular location can get busy around 5:00 but its normally still possible to get a treadmill then anyhow. Yesterday I was next to a smelly guy but the clientele is pretty okay for the most part here.
1	I was a member at LA Fitness and specifically went to this location for 8 years.  I was lured in to sign up by some troll who came to my place of work promising a deal of $20/ month with no sign up fees only to find out from the sleazy salesman that the person who offered this deal was "mistaken".   The person set up a booth at my office which housed over 1,000 people at the time!  Strike one.  Well, I live in the area so I signed up and went at least 3 times/ week for several years until I got sick of: a) dirty and broken equipment b) being harassed by staff trying to upsell me on things I didn't need c) rarely being able to do a full circuit without some tweeker bothering me (apparently this location is where drug users go to pick up dates) and d) the general slovenly appearance of the staff and the lack of maintenance on the equipment and furnishings.  I finally stopped going about 2 years ago and have spent the last several months trying to cancel my account only to be told (rudely) of course that I have to mail in a form- a form that CANNOT be accessed anywhere on their site without creating an account and logging in.  If you call the customer service number and try to get your account/ barcode number to create an account to cancel, they will just give you the runaround.  Long story short but I let my card on file expire and washed my hands of the situation.  Then I started getting calls from their customer service office in LA demanding that I update my card and pay a fee!!! For what???  A fee to cancel?  I have tried to explain on several occasions that I not longer wish to pay a fee for something I'm not using but they seem to think I owe them something even though they have made it IMPOSSIBLE to cancel.  They even called me on Easter Sunday to try to get me to pay a phantom fee?  LA Fitness is a poorly run scam and sorry excuse for a gym.  Do yourself a favor and find a small, non-corporate gym.  This company is unethical to the core.
4	I was in Phoenix on a business trip. I had a lot of time to kill and desperately needed a work out. I got a day pass which was relatively cheap. the gym itself was very easy to find and close to the local mall. Once inside, I was greeted by a knowledgable trainer who gladly sold me the day pass without any trouble. I headed to the locker room to change and noticed the machines were clean, there were plenty of treadmills, and the weight lifting area wasn't terribly congested. The locker rooms were a bit old but well maintained. I went out to lift weights and noticed there was a basketball court. That's just amazing. At the end of my workout I went to the smoothie and protein bar. It was indoors and plenty to choose from even for us who would rather not eat/drink animal products. The cashier was obviously new. The supervisor behind him made me very uncomfortable. He was having some sort of power trip telling the cashier how he's not doing it correctly but in a very condescending manner. Hard to explain. Anyway, he made my drink at the very specific direction of his supervisor, and it was awful. It looked like strawberry milk when it was supposed to be more like a smoothie with some fullness to it. The cashier wanted to add more ice but boss man told him to take some out. Well in the end the product sucked. Overall a great gym; next time though I'm skipping the smoothie bar.
4	The staff is helpful and nice. I've had a couple of different occasions where I've forgotten things and they've helped me out. One time they opened the side store early for me, another time the store was supposed to be closed all day so Tom, the weekend manager, let me use his personal headphones. Yes, it's not your super high-end country club but you are paying much less then you would for something like that and it's still a pretty good gym. They have a variety of machines and free weights which are usually all in fairly good condition. It's also pretty clean, there are always cleaning staff in there vacuuming and wiping down equipment which is nice.
1	This place is a joke, wait 20 minutes for a the , the front counter person was rude, parking is a disaster , and the place is small and cramped , what the hell am I paying for? Be warned this is the worst la fitness in town  or maybe the whole state.
1	The employees here are completely rude and not helpful in any way. I've had a membership with LA Fitness for many years, but I'm going to be canceling  my membership entirely because of the customer service at this location.
5	This is a great gym! Thats all i have to say. It has a basketball court and racquetball courts, jacuzzi, sauna, cycle room, pool, aerobic room and a awesome free weight area. The staff are very friendly and supportive, the price is right and it just recently got remodeled with all new cardio machines.
1	No air conditioning in the back portion of the gym which includes bathrooms, showers, sauna, etc. It's been out for months. Their solution: Prop a door open and hope some cooler air from the locker room gets in. Really uncomfortable. They promise their days from fixing it and yet month after month (in the summer, no less) it remains unfixed.
3	This is our gym but it is lacking compared to other La ovations in the area. We are also big fans of the spin classes there- but the teachers there are not all created equal! Some are just awful and boring .
4	The folks here are so sweet it hurts. (Seriously, Chris, Mr. Operations Manager, please never leave. I would cry.)I stopped in today to use my last training session with Erin, described as a tall dude. Yeah, he's tall. He's also cautious, smart and informed. More on that in a second. This LA Fitness has been here for years, but, is well loved by the staff. Older equipment but very, very clean. Chris keeps a tight ship. If you see an issue please report it to the front desk. It could be a training issue with staff and I know he'd be happy to work on it. Honestly, I don't think that man could be mad. He only knows how to help. (I wish he was my neighbor and could fix my car, hang things for me, and maybe remind me to change my a/c filters. He's that kind of super nice guy. He's probably laughing reading this and would offer to do all of those things anyway. The blond dude behind the main desk with the geek glasses) Danielle is also at the front desk and is filled with joy. Some stand up humor and plenty of knowledge of gym stuff. I like that gal. If you're coming here you will too.I stopped my membership here as I've found stomping grounds closer to home. I will sorely miss Gina. If you're just getting into the swing of things look up her classes. Find a way to take spin, bodyworks, bootcamp if she's teaching it at this location. This woman is so awesome, words just don't fit here. I was so big it wasn't funny when I started. Personal training + Gina brought me the rest of the way. (I religiously worked out 5/6 days a week. And yes, you wear what you eat.) The trainers have a healthy respect for her because she KNOWS WHAT SHE'S DOING. Go talk to her. She's nice and will help.On my last day of LA Fitness I figured, "Eh. Maybe I can get a spotter so I can do some squats. Haven't done those in a hundred years." Booked it and showed up. I was irked watching the dudes watch themselves in the mirror (who managed to not actually use the racks BUT talk to each other. I think they were flirting.). Fiiine. But the timing worked out and I scored a squat rack with my training session.So this personal trainer Erin.He tested me before I was allowed to even pick up the bar. Good for him! Good for me! Air squats with my arms straight to the ceiling. (I've got poop for balance so I was kind of worried he wasn't going to let me squat weights. But I passed.) I demonstrate I know how to squat the bar without weight on it. He critiques form. (He's right. I like his voice.) So then he adds something like 5lbs on each side. REALLY? But, alright. Weenie weights. Fifteen reps. Then I think he added five more. At this point I asked to do 6 reps with more weight. (I got the look.) And this is when I knew Erin was a great trainer. He said, "It's not just what you're comfortable with. It's what the trainer is comfortable with."Fair point.So we added the plates on and that guy was my shadow. Like finger tips away. I don't entirely think I'm a fan of being spotted that close. However, Erin had never met me and wasn't clear on my abilities. "Stop it. I'm not going to drop anything." Dude didn't didn't laugh or back off. He did what he thought his job was. He was being safe. But he challenged me. I hit an old personal record from after a surgery and that rocks.If you're in the market for a trainer I'd try and get on this guy's list.
5	Pool clean and clear. Showers clean. Swam 1500.     Awesome.   Makes my day to have a convenient workout place.
