5	I have been looking for a place that could turn my canvasses into professional art prints and boy, let me tell ya, this is much harder than it sounds.With Google, Yelp, Around Me...you would think it would be simple, right?I may have spent a few days researching this; I found less than a handful of places advertising this in any of the above mentioned places, and Randall's is one of two? I found on Yelp. Even he asked me," How'd you hear of us?" I called first to get hours and see if they could do what I needed: I wanted to bring in the canvasses, have them professionally photographed, printed actual size ( I have one that is 36x36), then archive them for when I need more prints made.I found the place simply enough, on Decatur, and realized I had driven past it before; it's next to a tile store and a 7-11.When you walk inside, it is an art gallery up front and at the desk, a framing shop. So I guess I can go there when I need frames too!Turn around time was about a week ( awesome! ) and the price was very reasonable! I even got bonus items. I am so thrilled to have found Randall's, and will be ordering all my prints through him from now on!
5	If you need anything framed this is the place to go. Very friendly service and great work.
5	Randall's art and framing has been in the Las Vegas area for over 20 years and has continued to show excellence, quality, and persistence in taking the time to do things right. Whether you're looking for something  elegant to put up on the walls or you need custom picture framing for your already desired piece, Randall's can help.
5	We recently had a concert print framed here and we LOVE it! The gentleman that helped us made some great suggestions, and the result is beautiful. I can't wait to return with more prints, posters, and pictures:) We were also quoted two weeks for the project, and we received a call only after one week- nice:)
4	Great job framing a canvas piece that I brought back from Panama. On time and relatively good pricing, I think. Either way I love the piece and the work they did on it.
5	We are new to Las Vegas and looking for a framer for our fine art and for our clients. Wonderful framing job. They ordered a frame special in brushed silver and assisted as the frame was warped. Great work and communication all the way. Thank you!!!
