4	W = Wow!What a scene it was on Saturday night... I felt like I was in Vegas, New York, or LA at the hottest new club!  It may have taken a while to open, but the latest Starwood Resort in AZ is definitely a place to see and be seen.  Luckily, I was with some VIP girls upon valeting the car and we were able to enter right away instead of wait in line.  Once inside, we made our way to the lobby bar and ordered up a round of cocktails.  Most of us had martinis; a few had wine.  My Raspberry Lemonade Martini was pretty tasty and went down easy.  I can't say the same for the Candy Cane Martini that a few of the other girls had - they had to exchange it for something else as they said it tasted like cough syrup!  All of the drinks were pricey - I think mine was the cheapest at $11 for one.  We sat in the lounge area and people-watched for a while, and then Halley and I made our way into the W Store as we continued to sip our martinis.  They had really cute stuff and I'm sure had I brought more money in, I would've spent it there!  Onwards and upwards we went after that - upstairs!  Little did I know that upstairs was where the most beautiful pool and huge patio was!  (See pic)  Great white lounge chairs, big comfy towels, several more bars, and tons of beautiful (and not so beautiful) people awaited us.  It was a great place to hang out on a late summer night!  If you do plan on heading over to the W to hang anytime soon, stop by the $$ machine before you go.  Drinks are expensive and valet costs $8 or $10 depending on who you are before tip.  (I was charged $8 while my brother was charged $10 - we figured that out today; not sure why Valet would not be one price so if you know, please let me know!)So as you can tell, this review is just for the experience of hanging out at the W; not actually staying there.  With room rates starting from the high $300s, I doubt I will be staying anytime soon, but if you have the opportunity to do so, I would recommend it.  Great location, hip place, lots of eye candy, and Sushi Roku (which I cannot wait to try sometime) awaits!
3	I will land in the middle of Andrea K and Gabi K.  The hotel was gorgeous and great for people watching for sure!  At the ground floor was a lounge area called 'The Living Room' we had a very pricey drink although mine was good others had to send theirs back.  We were lucky that we were on the lists or I would have been feeling like Andrea mentioned in her review.  This is not Hollywood or New York this is Scottsdale people... get a grip on yourself and where you are.  There is no need to make people feel like they are not welcome... for that reason alone I was not that impressed with this place.  Once upstairs we walked around and checked the scene out.  They have a great pool area with very comfy looking lounge chairs... a small bar by the pool and another large one right when you first get upstairs.  I went to the smaller one to 'try' and get a drink... I think I was ignored for about 10 minutes or so till I finally said something and got a mediocre mixed drink that was not cheap either.  I cannot say that I wont be back for a drink again... maybe when the hype dies down.
1	I've never had any desire to be here. I actually had no idea it was a place to be. I didn't even know where it was to be honest... I had just heard about it... just that it existed by name. Nothing more. Had I seen the reviews here before going, I might not have even bothered. A friend of mine was working the whole Fashion Week thing and somehow scored us these amazing $400 all-access VIP Super Passes to the whole thing including the after party held at the W. The downtown area was a traffic congestion nightmare so it took awhile to get a place to park. They were holding a red velvet rope line show at the main entrance to the hotel where all the cars pull up. So elegant and fancy. We waited outside amidst the fumes and fancy rides for our turn to enter with our super passes for what seemed like forever. Alas, it was not meant to be as the guy at the door (read: giant useless turd in a suit) finally told my lady friend that he can only let girls in that don't have guys with them... and apparently only if they pass a certain age, boob job, slutty dress set of standards that only exist in this guy's head. Some guys were getting in, but only models from the show pretty much. I tried to convince my friend to just leave so we could go someplace I actually like, but she was wanting to prove a point on principal. She confronted him a few times about his being a soulless anus, but he didn't wouldn't change his position about us. I should've stepped in and said "look - we've been standing here long enough - either let us the hell in or tell us we aren't welcome here even with our $400 all-access VIP super passes so we can fuck off to someplace better where we don't have to look at your shitty face, you hack." In the end our time was wasted. Elitism won and we finally gave up since there was only an hour left of the night and the line had dwindled to only a few dozen people unfit to enter the exclusive party. My friend was too upset to salvage the energy to go to another place. She actually was over the whole Scottsdale thing and insisted that this was representative of the whole city - I was unable to assure her it wasn't (but I assure you it isn't). We hugged a sad goodnight right there in the W carport and went our separate ways. It's easy to say I didn't really want to be in there in the first place - well, I really didn't. I was just interested in having a drink with a friend and catching up. The W just wasn't meant to be the venue to host such an event. I never got to see the inside from the inside, but I'm pretty sure it smelled like shit covered in puke in there and was likely covered in some sort of sticky film that only drips off of the most hoity of toity. It's not that I'm jealous because I was already hanging out with all these same fake assholes at Fashion Week an hour earlier - I don't know that a change of scenery would really make them that much more compelling and interesting. In fact, I'm sure it wouldn't. It's just that I don't like places that judge you worthy or unworthy of coming in. It's demoralizing and insulting. Even if they had let us in, I would've felt the same way. Pretentiousness is next to ugliness. If I had actually paid $400 for that VIP Super Pass and not been let in to the party immediately, I'd be pretty livid. Since it was free, I can't be that mad - but the rope guy didn't know I got the passes for free. We were dressed nice and we're all fairly attractive people. Maybe I'm too old or too fat or didn't have on an Ed Hardly or Affraction shirt. Maybe this dude just didn't like the cut of my jib. No telling why for sure, but I certainly wouldn't have waited more than 5 minutes if it wasn't for my friend wanting to get in. It's just not something I do. So I didn't get to see the inside of this place from the inside - just the car port with the parade of Escalades, sports cars and exhaust fumes. I'm sure it's pretty nice in there, but the only thing I'm willing to wait in line for that long is Space Mountain at Disneyland. I'm pretty sure there's nothing nearly as great inside this shallow pit of pseudo cool as fucking Space Mountain. Blow me, W... you $#&@
4	If you haven't checked out the the swanky W Hotel in Scottsdale yet - you should. From the ultra modern interior to the gorgeous wait staff (girls and guys!) the place is definitely a hit and a great atmosphere for meeting people. Ask them about the Sexy Fries and why they are so sexy!
1	do they think we poped up in LA or NY? the entire security staff at this hotel has the worst attitude. this is not the best place to go, unless your there on a goshtly dead night, they can't handle the pressure of more than 1 party at a time. can you say MEATHEAD stay away from the JUICE? if you can, your in.....my suggestion is the sushi aroku, as they are owned by different owners and customer service still means something to them. its in the lobby, but don't expect to take your night cap out to the bar if you bought it at the sushi restaruant, different liquor license means "YOU NO GO OUTSIDE" restaruant with your drinks, stay put baby...and drink up.
1	So I had to check out what all the fuss was about, this was definitely not  my scene. But my good friend was guest DJing so I said why not I would see what was what and I knew he could get me right in no problems. Yea its nice too nice for me and I think its just another flavor of the week, which will subside very quickly in this town.  But this place did have one rather interesting thing happen to me. I have worked in the Dj world for almost a decade and I can honestly say I have never sold or been party to any drug deals in any clubs/bars. Sorry to ruin the image. I have never even been asked to hook a guy up. But on this night all that changed. Some random patron comes up, now this guy looks like he is pushing 50 and is dressed very nicely (think corporate lawyer) and starts asking where he can score some coke. Now I just find it very funny that the poshest place in Scottsdale is where I get get my first proposition. OHH yea I told the guy to piss off, obviously.
3	Just refer to Max A's review.  Absolute brilliance.  These places definitely cater to a certain individual -- i.e. "see and be seen" kind of person. That's not me.   I'm frickin chemical engineer for crying out loud.   Borderline nerd.   Ed Hardy shirt and $14 cocktails -- just not my thing yelpers..........Anyways, this place reeks of places similar to those on Sunset Blvd. in Hollywood.  Incredibly pretentious.  I'm surprised I "got in" (how lame that is.....) -- but my g/f is very pretty -- so no surprise she was the "golden ticket" that got us entry to the ultimate "Chocolate Factory" of beauty in Scottsdale..Anyways-- the place is filled with what you may call "beautiful people" - yes, even the guys have that "model" look.   It might be fun to go here w/  a group of people (although it's almost guaranteed that 90% of the people here will be dressed in more expensive, fashionable, trendier clothing than your cheap threads), but since I was w/ the g/f -it was just a people watching thing -- which, if people watching is high on your list, you'll be in people-watching heaven here.   The inside is swank --from the cocktail servers to the music to the comfortable furniture -- sure -- if I had all my friends here sipping cocktails on the company dime, I might like it a bit more....but $30 for two standard cocktails is a little stiff, especially in this economic environment.  If you're looking for a place to watch fashionable well dressed model looking people and don't care about dropping some coin on cocktails, this is hands down the place to be in Az.
1	If there was only a way to rate the W zero stars...I attend gatherings at the W essentially when I'm compelled by friends. I've now been several times, and I'm now at the point where if I do go, I will do my best not to give them a dime of my money. Pretentious is the theme here. The W is a souped up Westin with dim lighting and DJ Douchebag spinning his iTunes library -- why do they require six bouncers and two sets of velvet ropes just to enter the bar?  The last time I was there was a rainy wednesday. I arrived at 5PM to meet friends from out of town (who were hotel guests) for a drink. The roof deck bar was empty.  The pool (next to the bar) was empty.  After spending a wad of money on drinks and food, I left to walk my friend to her room, intending to be back in 5 minutes to hang out with some other friends.  Upon my return, I was denied entry by the bouncer who declared my attire as a "dress code violation." Apparently, you cannot wear shorts by the pool, in the summer. Keep in mind I was OK five minutes prior, but the sun was descending in Arizona and I was no longer welcome.  The bouncer allowed me to say goodbye to my friends, and then escorted me out like a criminal.  The bouncer actually apologized to me, but claimed there was nothing he could do unless I changed into pants.I wasn't going to write this review, but I wrote a sincere, cordial letter to the hotel's General Manager and received no reply. This was four months ago.  I was back at the W last night for an event -- this time I was intentionally the designated driver.  They charged me $3 for a club soda.  Whomever runs the W needs to step down from the ivory tower and take a business class or two.  Customer service is more important than bottle service.
4	A lot of people have complained about this place and justifiably so. I can echo their sentiments. I don't mean to boast but unlike the majority of the people who go to the W, my friends and I actually do have money and are educated. We are the type of people who frequent the W in other cities yet in Scottsdale, we couldn't even go upstairs. We even had a contact a the hotel. We requested the bouncer that we would like to speak to this contact or employee at the hotel. The bouncer lied to us and said he didn't work there. Well, we called that contact on his cell phone, he immediately greeted us, apologized, reprimanded the bouncer and bought us a round of drinks...true story. Nonetheless, this is the type of juvenile ASU hack job tactics you see at Devils Martini not the W.Nonetheless, I don't mean for this to be another long rant that provides no help to readers. I would recommend this place. The poor economy has kept the 30,000 dollar millionaires at bay and the childish attitudes of the hotels employees' with it. We were treated differently a few weeks ago. The bouncers at the door were nice (although the guy standing by the Sushi Roku entrance still made us walk all the way around to the door instead of just letting us pass which was remniscient of the old ways), the waitresses upstairs were very friendly and real. They let us sit at a reserved table and didn't make us buy a bottle. We tipped her generously and she took care of us. The people were also less "Jersey Shore" like if you know what I mean. It was the W as it was meant to be and not another trite Scottsdale "wannabe LA" scene that we saw when it first opened.
5	holy cow! we don't frequent (actually, we never go to spots like this simply because we don't own enough cool clothes and we really can't understand spending money in places like these) fancy bars/lounges much anymore, but were glad we did this night. it was the kickoff party for the culinary festival, hosted at the w living room. it was beautiful. full sandy lounging areas, cool fire pits, waterfall bar area. man, it must be nice to be able to go to these cool spots all the time. and the eye candy? jesus christ man, i couldn't keep a straight conversation from staring at all the legs and boobs. but back to the hotel....extremely swank, trendy, gorgeous. don't know what it costs to get in or how much drinks are but i'm sure it's high.
3	My bestie and I went to the W last night after very briefly attending the grand opening event at the Escape  Lounge in DC Ranch [yuck- The crowd there was way too old and the music was  boring]. Then we went to Martini Ranch where we had to pay a $5 cover and only stayed for one drink.Our first impression of the W was skewed by having to wait for a (good looking) bouncer to remove the rope to let us enter. What was that about? Thankfully there was no cover, but the one and only drink I bought after a long wait  (cranberry & house vodka) cost $10!  That more than made up for the no cover to get in. The patio upstairs was packed with people in their mid to late twenties wearing their best clubbing attire. My friend and I were thankful we had worn our black "cocktail" dresses in preparation for the grand opening at Escape so, even though we were older than the majority of the crowd, we fit right in.The infinity edged pool (which no one is allowed to swim in at night) was beautiful and set a nice backdrop for the evening atmosphere.A DJ played blah blah club music outside and a few people danced under the stars. It was gorgeous out , not a cloud in the sky and the temperature perfect.There are two bars upstairs. Both were very crowded and took a long time to get served. What's up with all the oblivious people who just stand at the bar after ordering their drinks, blocking the way for people who want to order. Go away!!The evening was rather uneventful with little to report. I spent a lot of it playing with my new Droid Incredible while my friend and her "date" chatted it up. One guy asked me to use his cell phone to take a picture of himself with two snobby-looking chicks. The dark haired chick shoved her camera at me without a word. Excuse me?? Manners? I am NOBODY's slave, Princess! While I was taking the picture(s), I got major attitude from the frizzy haired bimbo who turned out to be "Unique" from the reality show "For the Love of Ray Jay". I almost bitch slapped her after she kept looking away from the camera saying she wasn't ready for the picture as if I was on HER time. Excuse me biatch, but the guy you were with (some loser fan???) asked ME to take your picture. It sure as heck wasn't MY idea. Talk to the hand- end of story.We left before closing...that's about it.....I probably won't be back
1	Two hot girls walk up to the front door after a group of guys walk in. The doorman says, "do you have a table?"Fuck you. It's a W in Scottsdale, Az. Are you serious?! I wouldn't pay for a table in the W in NYC... But you let a whole sausage party in!? Great door guys.
3	This is a lovely spot. I went here, had a great time with my friends, enjoyed the whole VIP thing...and then *kerplooey* Tyger goes down. I suppose of all of the places a girl can go to break her ankle, this little lounge/club/whatever was not too bad. I had a nice place to sit and watch the pretty people fluff their feathers, double up on drinks and eventually have enough alcohol in my system to believe that my ankle was not actually broken so I could dance around and bat my eyelashes. Sure I had to pay for my frolicking the next day, but whatever, it was a fun ride. However, the limp back over to the car to get back to The Phoenician was kinda ouchie.
3	Was at the W last night for a Bachelorette Party.  Clearly, I don't get out much... well, at least not to hoity-toity Scottsdale spots... so I was floored by the ridiculous $16 drinks.  No, thanks! Water, please!  The people-watching was topnotch.  The girl prancing around the lounge in her tiny turquoise bikini is still making me laugh... seriously - cover it up.  You are inside and the sun isn't shining!The pretty waitresses that are all stuffed into teeny, tiny black dresses were very friendly and happily separated the check into smaller tabs for our large group.  Certainly, the W is a good place to go and drop tons of money... and do some hilarious people-watching of the Scottsdale crowd... but it really isn't my thing.
1	Review: Your Shit does stink!  Omg, I hate the W for so many reasons.   First, you go through all this rigmarole to get into the place, and if you are successful, you get snubbed by all the "Servers" and get to listen to terrible music.Let me say that I only go to the W when I forced, but this weekend was the last straw for me.  I was in a wedding and most of the wedding party including the bride and groom were staying at the hotel. We went to the upstairs pool area about 9:30... so it was early and we managed to snag some seating that wasn't "reserved". The waitress was a total bitch and barely came around to take care of us, so a lot of the party would get fed up and go to the bar.  This made her upset, so he had the bouncers tell us the table was reserved and we had to move.   So then, we were standing for the rest of the night and that table sat empty... I left about 12:30... still empty.  I have to say between me and my boyfriend we ran up a $84 tab and gave away about a $30 in tip to the bartenders, so... multiply that by 12 people that she kicked out of her table! Stupid whore!It wasn't just the waitress that was a snob, one of the bartenders seriously about got punched in the face.  I asked her for water, when she was getting our drinks... 3 times... finally by Bf said, "Can you get her a water?"... she seriously said, "I only have bottled water up here, if she wants tap water she has to go downstairs"... did I say I wanted tap? NO!  My BF was pissed, he said "Give her bottled water and put it on my tab".  It's not like we were in street clothes and old, we are two hot young adults that have serious style.  Really? Do we look like we can't afford a $4 bottle of water?  Go blow yourself.... You're a server; your job is to serve me.Don't go there unless you want to be treated like dog shit and pay $15 per drink.   The most ironic part about the W is, they try to present themselves as this posh first class hotel, when in reality they are in foreclosure... Haha, I hope they shut down!
1	This W sucks... So smug and unpleasant, whether its the annoying people, the overpriced everything, or the horrible staff, this place blows hard. I have been to W's in SF/Hollywood/NY and they all actually are pretty cool and I have enjoyed them. You can totally tell that Persians run this joint, don't get me wrong, I love Persian people, but there is that certain breed of them that wear douchey designer glasses and are obsessed with shiny jewlery and their 3-series and treat people like shit. That is the vibe this place puts off, like a sleezy wanna be vegas spot that is so far from cool that it is laughable. Don't even waste your time, but if you do make sure to pre-game because that shit is expensive!
2	I've only been to the W twice. Once was for a bachelorette party during the summer and we had cabana. It was fairly lush (I didn't pay) so I quite enjoyed it. But all I did was swim and tan, so can't really give a review off that.But, I went again last night to their lounge. First of all, had we not known the DJ I doubt we would've been let in. We're not from Snobsdale, and we certainly stuck out. We were dressed fairly nice, just not wearing bizarre prom-like dresses and stripper heels. Anyway, once we managed to make our way upstairs, we were greeted with a wave of snobbery and ice cold glances. I thought American Junkie had the worst Scottsdale crowd. Nope. It's this place, folks. Some people were literally just standing there, not even talking. wtf? Do something! The only fun part of the night was dancing to the great music. *I* single-handedly got a fairly big dance party started. If it wasn't for me and my mad dancing skills, everyone would've continued to stand around like statues, afraid to move and mess up their hair or break a nail. Meh. $9 drinks and boring crowd. No thanks.
1	Wow, now you guys rename a new page The W Scottsdale and call this one something different to hide your bad ratings... SHADY...My OG review was for the Scottsdale W and now it is for "The Living Room" and I see a Scottsdale W ? hmm weird...Shady, Shady, Shady....And guess what, THIS W (not all) still sucks major donkey balls... I am also going to repost this review on both pages as it is for the HOTEL itself (and yes i have stayed there)Original Review"his W sucks... So smug and unpleasant, whether its the annoying people, the overpriced everything, or the horrible staff, this place blows hard. I have been to W's in SF/Hollywood/NY and they all actually are pretty cool and I have enjoyed them.You can totally tell that Persians run this joint, don't get me wrong, I love Persian people, but there is that certain breed of them that wear douchey designer glasses and are obsessed with shiny jewlery and their 3-series and treat people like shit. That is the vibe this place puts off, like a sleezy wanna be vegas spot that is so far from cool that it is laughable. Don't even waste your time, but if you do make sure to pre-game because that shit is expensive!"
3	We went here last weekend to see a live band from LA. Loved the decor, really swank but casual at the same time.The drinks were great. Well worth the $13 each. The food was alright.This wouldve been a really cool place to see a band except that The Living Room is the "pregaming" area for the club upstairs. We could hardly hear the music over all the stereotypical Scottsdalites talking.I hear they have a great happy hour, that'd probably be a more sutable time for me to visit this place again.
1	Tough to get a drink here.  My 93 year old mother, her 87 year old friend apparently didn't rate the attention of the table service.  Oh yea, the chicken wings were grossly overdone but no one seemed to care.
3	We came in here for pre-dinner drinks before hitting Sushi Roku. It was a Sunday so there were only a few other people here. Cocktails were TASTY. The atmosphere was chill and the bartender a bit chilly until he and my date started swapping bartender horror stories. By the time we left the bar we were all buddies. This place is swank-hip and does attract a crowd largely consisting overdressed wanna-be's who take themselves WAY to seriously. While I wouldn't want to go out here and be in that environment all the time, the above clientele makes for GREAT people watching.Not a bad place, in my opinion to splurge once in a while.
4	Ah the W Scottsdale, and for NYE - what can I say? It's a scene of well made up people trying to impress each other. I just take it all in. They had a band doing Michael Buble-type stuff that was entertaining, and the bartenders were getting it done so I can't complain.
5	As a bar in the W Hotel in Scottsdale I expect them to have a sexy, warm, low-lit bar and they did not disappoint. Walked in to the hotel and turned right and was a little disappointed to see the bar was just a large area that didn't have a line of demarcation between it and the actual hotel. I quickly got over that.The decor is part cabin-in-the-woods (with a huge wooden accents all around the hotel to accentuate that point), part decadent lounge. The furniture is ultra comfortable and stylish. It's a much more inviting bar than others I've been to. There are backgammon games, beautiful accent pieces and space between all of it so that you don't feel like you're going to eavesdrop on the people around you. The bartender the night I was there was quick and friendly (and that he was handsome doesn't hurt a thing) and very, very polite. I loved how, even though he was in one of the most beautiful hotels in Scottsdale, he didn't exhibit once ounce of pretentiousness that the area is weirdly famous for. I loved it here. I think it's an incredible place to stop and have a drink and relax while still being in a place that clearly is happening. Loved it!
