4	I am surprised this place does not have a review yet!Living Social offered a deal a few months back for three laser treatments at a very low prices and I jumped on it quickly. They are booked out so much I had to wait quite awhile to get an appointment. However, the wait was worth it!With my deal I decided to get three laser hair removal treatments for my underarms. I arrived a bit early and filled out paperwork. The girls at the front desk were a tad inattentive, as I sat in the front room for awhile. However, all that changed when my laser surgeon came out and introduced herself. Oh, I can't believe I don't remember her name, she has blond hair and glasses. She was very nice and reassuring of the whole process.I will not go into the details once we actually got into the room to perform the procedure, but let's just say she made me feel very comfortable.Overall I enjoyed my experience and I look forward to going back for my next couple treatments!
1	This place is horrible!!! So unorganized!! They have a bunch of ditzy airhead girls working the front desk and the entire staff talks to you as if youre an alien!! The first time I came, I felt like I was on some hidden game show... They even made me sit in the lobby for 20 minutes with the numbing cream on my chin! Really?!?! The only reason I'm back is because I have a groupon to finish out! With that said too... They totally skimped on the laser treatment!! I wanted my chin/jawline and they said the could only do the immediate chin and the jawline would be an extra $25/side!I will never come back here nor recommend it!!!!! No wonder they need groupons and living social deals to stay in business!!
2	I visited this place for photo facial because I bought a Groupon. It's very hard to get in, you need to book at least 90 days ahead of time.
1	Do not go to Allure...  I went for a chemical peel and my skin was literally burned!  The damage to my skin was awful and a week later it is still trying to heal.  It was very painful and I would never go back.
5	Can't say enough good things about this place - the staff is sweet and thoughtful.  The Doctor is professional and overall I've never had a bad experience.  I've been to several other places in Nevada and Allure, by far, blows all of them away!  I've had several different treatments done and been extremely happy with all the results.
5	I am going for my second laser session today. The first one went great. The person handling my session was very pleasant and I think she did a great job. Lots of places have crappy front office staff in this town so I can look over that issue by now, but to be honest I did not experience the problems previous reviews mentioned. So far- so good.
1	I went there for Botox and the Vail was bad , they did not open it in front of me like it should be done but in a back room , The effect was 0 So there you go $450 out of the window
5	Dr Capo is a very smart ..wise..educated man that spends time with his clients. I recently was going to a concierge doctor in town. In the year that I went to this concierge doctor I complained about lower back pain and he kept saying nothing was wrong with me. After five minutes with Dr Cabo he recommended that I get an MRI and sure enough I've been diagnosed with severe Stenosis of the spine. I highly recommend Dr Capo!
5	Doctor Capobianco & his staff are amazing, & service is excellent. They are always accommodating, & they go above and beyond for their patients!
5	This place has an amazing staff. Everyone is so professional and Dr. Capobianco is one of the most caring and understanding doctors I've had the pleasure of meeting. I highly recommend this office.
5	Amazing doctor and staff.
5	This place is my own personal beauty and wellness heaven!! The staff is the sweetest and make me feel so comfortable! Hailey the office manager always takes great care of me and always does what she can to work with my schedule especially if I need a quick drop in visit! The doctor is so kind and makes me feel so comfortable at all times! Just can't say enough about this place I love it!!
5	Dr. Capobianco and his staff are wonderful I am always in and out with no issues. They are professional and located right around the corner from my house.
4	Good service, but tough to schedule when they ran their promo.
5	Excellent service
5	Great staff, enjoyed my services! I'll be back
