5	Wow..Juan was amazing..He and his wife began the day with us early in the morning of our Wedding and we had an amazing experience. After reviewing several photographers in the Las Vegas area we decided to go with I-Capture. The attention to detail Juan had during our five hour session was incredible. We had a small group of thirteen people and has was patient and understanding of each persons needs and preferences. It was a 100 degree day in the Las Vegas heat so taking photo's is not always the most enticing thing to do. We did group photo's for two hours and then three hours of just me and my wife.I would recommend Juan if you want fair pricing with excellent customer service. The photo's came out beautiful we could not be happier!!
5	As you know for us ladies planning a wedding can be stressful, especially trying to book a good photographer in a state you do not live in and have no idea what location would be good to take your photos. I won the lottery when I found iCapture Events /Juan. He met with us the day before our wedding day and showed him angles we like, or don't like, I have to tell you we had a lot of demands. But Juan's goal was to make us happy. He showed up early to take pictures of me getting ready. And not to mention it was a very hot day in Las Vegas and he had to deal with my wedding party which was not easy everyone in my party thought he was amazing. With 110 degrees weather Juan was very patient he took all the family portraits and we sent our party back to their hotels and the remaining hours he focused on my husband and I. He took so many wonderful pictures and the location he chose was breath taking. I highly recommend Juan you will not be sorry, after your wedding day all you have are your memories and Juan captured so many wonderful memories for us. We are so grateful, next will be family portraits with iCapture!!
5	I had and awesome experience with Juan with iCapture events. He has done a photo shoot with my daughter and family in the past. He was very good with my daughter and captured her perfectly! I highly recommend Juan for any of your events!!
