2	We hired him for a pool party for a Girls weekend in Arizona with 22 girls.  He brought his wife as his "assistant", although she didn't assist him with much of anything.  She came in her bikini, got in the pool, and joined our party.  It would have been fine if she was actually FUN.  All his wife did was make pissed off faces when we were doing keg stands and having a good time with OUR group and OUR party.  We made dinner for everyone and the both of them ate before everyone else ate... then went back for 2nd's... and then 3rd's!  Before everyone had something to eat.  He charges by the hour and at the last hour, he and his wife got into the spa with us.  We are not paying you to relax in the spa with us!  That's when they were asked to leave.  They then proceeded to go into a VERY small downstairs bathroom together and they were in there for 10 minutes.  What were they doing?  I don't even want to know.  I confronted him about it and there was no apology, no recognition of his unprofessionalism, and just plain rudeness.  One thing that he said was "I don't know where you girls are from... but here in Arizona, we do things differently".  WHAT?!  Really?  So in Arizona it's ok for a vendor to go into the bathroom and do God knows what with their wife?  Then he kept saying "but she's my wife".  Come on now, I'm appauled.  On top of all that, he kept demanding us to serve him, saying on the Mic "I NEED A MARGARITA!".  In the meantime, he wife is just strolling around our house at her leisure, sitting in the kitchen watching our friends make food, and just making the whole situation awkward.  Thumbs down DJ Adidas!
5	I hired DJADIDAS for my wedding and he was AMAZING!! He brought everything he needed and more. I gave him a list of only a few songs I wanted and from that list he knew what type of music we liked and played soooo many amazing songs. I would recommend him for everyone. He was even entertaining the kids at the wedding with his light show. Truly an amazing DJ. A lot of Dj's don't like people to request songs but he didn't mind at all! Any song we requested he either already had or could easily access and he played right away. Even "Hey Mickey" which I didn't think he would have, he did. He was professional and friendly.
5	Dj Adidas not only beat any other price that I was quoted but conducted himself with the utmost respect and professionalism. he played all of the music that I wanted and even scratched (mixed) to jams that I would have wanted to hear. He even stayed longer than he agreed to before I tipped him. Everytime I host a get together or family gathering, I make sure that Dj adidas is free so that he keep my parties going.
5	DJ Adidas DJ'd our wedding back in Nov 2013. We had a blast on the dance floor because of his music. He was very organized, and we even changed up a few things last minute with our first dance doing gangum style and it turned out great. He let one of our friends even stand behind and pretend like she was djing and made her night. Nick does parties for my families biker club parties and came highly recommended by them. I recommended him to a friend of mine who used him for their daughters sweet 16 bday party and she just asked me for his info again because they loved him. Everyone is stiill talking about dancing atour wedding and said we had the best music at our wedding thanks to DJ Adidas!VERY PROFESSIONAL AND HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for all events!!
5	My organization hired DJ Adidas for a large community event that we held.  We couldn't be happier with the services that he provided to our guests!  Not only was he an amazing DJ but he was also flexible, kind and very entertaining.  I'm so glad that we found him.  We will definitely request his services again for future events!
