5	I love this place! They always help with all my questions and have the greatest customer service! They did everything they could and more to make sure I was satisfied! I'm definitely going back! And i strongly recommend it!
5	These guys fixed an electrical issue that audio express caused.  Thanks guys!
5	I had heated seats installed in my SUV.  They were cheaper and better than factory.  Customer service was awesome and I got my car back faster than expected. These guys are great!
5	I found these guys here on Yelp and chose them after reading the reviews.  I called this morning and was quoted over 100.00 less than another shop for window tinting and talked to MO about a car stereo.  I decided to go to the shop, met Mo, he helped me pick out a stereo to meet my needs, nothing more, nothing less, and quoted me a fair price for that and my tint job.  I was shocked when he squeezed it all in today as the shop is a busy place.I went back just before closing time and the tint is by far the best tint job I have ever had done and the stereo install was textbook.  Mo picked out the perfect speakers and stereo for my Durango.  These guys are the real deal, they know their stuff...no BS, no high pressure anything, just straight answers from very polite guys that make sure their customers get what they came for and then some.These are my guys in Las Vegas now for anything to do with stereo, windows, rims and anything custom.  After so many less than stellar experiences these guys earned all five stars...I wish I could give them ten.  You won't be sorry you went here.
5	I visited a major electronic store in Las Vegas (I will not mention the name) where I purchased a number of expensive Mother's Day gifts.  They treated my mother horribly when their product stopped working 1 day following the vehicle installation.  I just returned all of my items even though I wouldn't get the labor refunded. Thankfully, someone told me about the great service they received at  Elite.  The Elite reps were well informed with great prices and wonderful customer service. I now feel like my Mom is in good hands.   I have made many audio purchases in my life and Elite is indeed as good as it gets!
5	this place is as good as it gets in las vegas. I've been looking to install after market stereo on my 97bmw.  after searching few other places I went to these guys. when i went to check out prices and stuff I met S.J he was helping a another customer at the time. he gave me a discount just because i had to wait for him. that's service. and i didn't wait that long to begin with. anyway when i went to install the unit guy who helped me was MO. they took my car keys and took care business. great customer service yet again. I am thinking to put whole new set of speakers in my car just because they are efficient and very knowledgeable at what they do. and my stereo sounds great. I am definitely going back.
5	Moe steered me to a great stero with Blue Tooth. Great price. I'll be back to put one in my wife's car.
5	Hands down best business I have been to in Vegas in the 16 years I've been here ! I rarely write reviews because they would all be negative.Mo and his team are all so helpful, friendly, and nice and most important knowledgeable about what they do. They made my daughter happy not an easy thing to do, and I was happy with every aspect especially the price. I will recommend them to all my friends (something else I almost never do).  Thanks Elite.
5	Really cool guys working here. Honest bunch and they took care of programming my alarm for only $20 bucks... normally $40. these places can sometimes seem intimidating.... But I felt very comfortable there. Would go back for future audio!
5	Top notch car audio installation place.Got a new car, waited a year, then it was decided that I was ready for it to be bumpin with loud, clear, and thick sound.I had some accumulated stereo equipment from older cars and began reading up on the internet for pieces to buy for my new system.  Went to another car audio place with a preamp that I bought cheap online and they installed it. My car then sounded terrible, went back to that shop a couple of times to fix it with no luck. Then I went to Elite Audio and they blew me away with their knowledge and professionalism. SJ diagnosed my problem by ear and recommended better pieces for my system. I was able to use an old amp, got a new better pre amp, a 12 inch sub and amp. After my purchases online, then an incredible installation by Derek, and then more help fine tuning after I bought and installed some new speakers too, everything was amazing. They were extremely knowledgeable, accommodating to my budget and goals, and most of all very professional -- customer service wise. If you are worried about adding on to your car or dealing with car repair people, have no worries, trust these guys and get your car upgraded here.
5	I love this shop. I decided to have Elite Audio help me out with a custom build in my jeep wrangler based on the other positive Yelp reviews and a previous short visit to get minor work done on my amp. Trust me, if you need car audio or custom work done in your vehicle come to this shop. SJ (I believe he's the owner) is very, very knowledgeable and always takes the time to answer ALL your questions (believe me, I had a ton)! I knew I picked the right place when I asked if my previous equipment (8-9 year old JL setup) need to be updated. He checked my equipment and told me "it looks good and if still pounds, don't waste your money." Damn! Didn't try to upsell, didn't try to get me to buy new equipment. Just an honest businessman. He helped me dream up an enclosure to hide everything.  MO, the store manager, also assisted and between the two, they answered all my questions and made sure I was taken care of. How does it sound?? Awesome!! Added some Polk Audio components, they tuned everything and the system thumps!! Great job to the entire staff and a huge THANK YOU!!
5	Found Elite Audio and Customs on Yelp after researching and visiting a couple of other shops in town.  Visited Elite, met Mo and explained what I was looking for.  I'm  sure he could tell I was not well versed in car audio, but he took his time, a lot of time, to explain the different options based on what My needs were.  In short, he recommended a very reasonably priced set up, wrote down the quote with model/name of equipment and said it was valid when ever I was ready, WOW.  No pressure, no up-selling, just very straight forward based on information I provided. Called about 1week later, told Mo I was ready and he got me scheduled in just a couple of days.  Took all of about 2.5 hours, as promised, and all I can say about the end result is CRAZZY.  The subs and amp absolutely made my truck (2014 Ram) sound like a rolling theater.  After the install, Mo and the instal guy (Derick) walked me though the instal from under the hood to the cab and explained all the "how to stuff".  Truly can't say enough about the experience , other than we will be bringing my wife's 2014 Z in for similar upgrades. Not often you get a chance to say something positive about service these days.   So, to Mo and your team, THANK YOU.  LJ AND KJ
5	Great service , amazing staff and the best prices in Nevada . Go see SJ and Moe best guys around !!!
5	Amazing customer service. These guys know what they are doing. I would give them 10 stars if I could! Highly recommend.
5	So this is my first Yelp review and I NEVER write Yelp reviews, but this business deserves special recognition. I looked around for car audio shops to fix the alarm system on my car and found this one on yelp with 5 stars with about 15 reviews. I was skeptical since I thought maybe they were fake accounts made to boost their ratings to draw more customers. Very pessimistic thinking, I know, but whatever I decided to give this place a shot.The problem with my car alarm was that it would go off at random times and I needed this to stop for obvious reasons. Called at 8am when they opened and they scheduled me for a 10am appointment. The guy that answered didn't ask for my name, but remembered I called about a car alarm when I arrived. I wasn't helped right away since a lot of the staff was busy running around, but made it a point to tell me they will be with me as soon as possible. Plus I think it was the owner that came up to me personally and asked the staff if I had been helped, which he did with all other customers that came in. After waiting about 5-10 minutes I was helped and they brought my car into their garage. They worked on it and after a short period they came to tell me that my alarm was dysfunctional but could disengage it so it wouldn't go off at random intervals. They cut the wires to disengage the system and told me that I still will be able to use my remote key lock/unlock to get into my car, but it won't make a horn noise or flash the lights to notify the car is locked. I was fine with this since it was a temporary fix to my problem, but I still need to get a new alarm system. The owner of the shop ran through the many options they offer and mentioned there was a lifetime warranty on all of the alarms they installed except 1. I thanked him for being honest and upfront with me and told him I would need to think about what alarm I would want since I didn't want to drop $200-$300 that day.After I got my car back I asked him how much I owed. He said the service was complementary and I was shocked. I got my problem fixed for free. I am so amazed at how nice, courteous, and genuine these guys are for fixing my problem for free. Granted they just cut a few wires to disengage an alarm was a lot nicer than some other shops that would have charged me $40 some dollars to do the same thing. I am very impressed by this business and will be looking to go to them if I need any custom work done to my car. 5+ stars and would absolutely go again!
5	Had these guys put a stereo in my late model Mini. It looks amazing,  fits in the dash like it came from the factory.  The guys helped me pick out the right stereo for my needs and budget.  The install was quick and clean. When I picked it up they even showed me how to use all the cool features!  If you aren't sure where to get speakers or a stereo for your care, do yourself a favor and go here!
5	Went in for tint and got exactly what I wanted. I received great customer service from everyone there and my tint looks amazing! I was really impressed by how busy they were and how well they handled everything going on. These guys really know their sh** in regards to anything custom for your car, seriously. They are worth seeing if you need something done, and like many others have pointed out, their prices are the best. You'll feel like you got more than what you paid for!
5	Boyfriend and I were looking around town to get work done on his car. I normally don't hold out much hope for great service. Some people are just rude. We needed a grounding wiring and we tried Best Buy, then Fry's & they referred us here. I'm so glad they did.Staff here is fantastic. Mo is a straight up kind of guy. I didn't think he would be able to help us out with an install because every is booked. He said he was booked until next week but the honesty was certainly appreciated by Mo.  I understand why a place like this has a great customer relationship. I read the reviews here & I was floored. Not ONE person to complain about here. That's a hard task that speak volumes to me.These guys are going to be FIRST on our list if we need Audio, Alarm systems installed or  Wheels. They have really Nice rims to "pay less" as Mo told us. It's all about what the customer wants, which that's what people sometimes forget in this day & age. I would even say I would refer people here just because they take care of you. They have such a nice attitude towards customers. Even potential customers, that was a great experience. We will definitely be back.Check out their website. http://eaclv.com/ They install just about everything even satellite, & GPS tracking systems. Just one more thing I forgot to mention. It reminds me of West Coast Costumes from MTV.
5	Clean install. Got my windows tinted and an alarm installed on my truck. It all looks and works great. I also got a radio installed in my wife's car. The radio was not seated properly and the volume was not responding to my steering whelk controls properly. Took the car back and they fixed both problems in less than 10 minutes. All their employees were very courteous and customer savvy. I will definitely go back when I need some more upgrades done.
5	I was looking for a place to get a stereo installed in my car. After going to a couple different shops I found Elite Audio and I'm glad I did. The staff here is very friendly and helpful and not to mention there great at what they do. Would definitely recommend this place if your looking to do some work on your ride.
5	I will never take my car anywhere else. I was referred here years ago and I couldn't be happier. Moe is absolutely  phenomenal. Knowledge for days. These guys are professional, trust worthy and all around good people. Don't risk taking your car anywhere else. This place is top notch. Best in Las Vegas. No question.
5	These guys hook it up! Ive been to other shops in town, and the quality of work here is unmatched. I wont evrr go anywhere else after receiving the service I get from them. They take care of me like im family. And my car looks, and sounds rediculous! In a good way. I couldnt stop smiling for days after the install. Thanks elite!
5	i was really impressed by the professionalism and customer service of the shop. I brought my car in for a PA installation. They did a great job of getting the speaker securely mounted in the front bumper, and found a great place for the amp in one of the trunk panels. Was a great experience, and I will be sure to recommend them and return for any further work. Great job guys.
5	Fabulous shop, great staff, I could not have found a better shop to get my car alarm installed. Thanks very much to Moe, customer oriented, excellent salesmanship, and took care of my car as he said he would.
1	I went to this place because a "friend" recommended it. I needed to install a stereo system.  Long story short I had a TERRIBLE experience. I ended going back there at least 20 times because they could not get it right. One of the first times I went, my boss went with me and when he asked a simple question as for the breakdown of the invoice, one of the techs came behind the counter and was going to hit my boss who asked in a calmed way. We had to leave the store running away from this guy who was ready to beat my boss up and probably me too. I did not stand up for myself and left my car there fearing the worst so I was really nice because I felt they would not fix it if I were mad even though I was in my right of being pissed! - I could not believe my eyes that they dared to treat us like that.  After that, I kept going there many many times, it turned into a nightmare.  After a while it seemed the stereo was working and thank God I don't have to see them anymore. Why I didn't go somewhere else? because I had already invested money and time on this place and I felt they needed to get it right, plus I didn't have money to take it somewhere else.These guys are gangsters and if you ever have a complain they will treat you like gangsters. So I hope if you go there, everything will be good from the 1st time, otherwise, gosh.......My stereo is not exactly what I want. It does not sound as clear as I wished but at least is not giving me problems like before but again, I would NEVER recommend this place to anyone.
5	Super awesome! Quoted me $75-100 for a stereo install over the phone. Came in and they did it for $40, and super fast!
5	Prices are wonderful! And such great customer service! My car sounds great! Mo is the best
