4	This place does a great job for the price. There is never much of a wait and they have lots of people that work there. The pedicures are very thorough and they use hot rocks...ahhhhI just wish that they would get the clue that we feel very uncomfortable when they don't speak English in front of us. But guess that's our choice if we want to go there knowing that.
4	Kevin was my tech and he is fantastic! The salon is super cute, they even have kids chairs for those of you who bring your little one to get her nails done too. I had a back fill with glitter tips and they turned out great! He was super attentive to detail made sure my nails were exactly what I wanted.
1	So I looked throughly on here to find a well priced nail salon with good reviews and I ended up at this place. The positive part of this review is that the man that did my nails was nice....First it started off negative, I'm not a fan of salons that wedge off your nails for removal, I very much preferred when they spend time & soak them off. But if you don't care then this place is your style.Second, I got a pink & white new full set. I'm not from AZ originally but I thought it was excessive to have a pink & white cost around $40. On top of that my right thumb nail was rounded on the edges, my left middle finger was thick with a lump like it had a tumor, and the man put gel automatically on my nails without even asking & then of course didn't mention this and tacked it on my total. I'm all for spending $ for quality, but $50 for a removal, new pink & white, unwanted gel, and globby nails should NOT cost this much!
4	i've been a customer since their doors opened and i've never had any problems with this place.  Kevin is their master nail tech - he manages the place and is very customer friendly.  i've had countless pedicures in this place and i have to say that Lily is the best by far.  and i recommend Sally for the eyebrow wax. this place is clean and they have a pretty good selection of nail polish (colors and brands).  they also do kids pedicures (they have 2 kids chairs) but it's kinda pricey.  the only thing that i really don't like about this place is that eventhough they accept credit cards, you HAVE to tip in cash.  just like the other review said, they do a gread job for what you pay for.
2	I went to this place because its close to my house and just needed a quick mani pedi. While i was there they upsold everything without me even okaying it. so i ended up with a tacky design on my toes even though i said no, and then getting charged extra for it. I did decide to get the gel nails instead of regular polish because they said it would last for at least 2 weeks, but i had nails chipping and peeling off that same day! i went in the next day and she fixed two of them for me for free but i peeled them all off within less than a week (last time i got gels i couldnt peel them off if i wanted to for at least 3 weeks)i would definitely look elsewhere for gels and if you're just getting a mani pedi be firm about what you want. say NO if you dont want a design or something because they will push you.
1	Decent work, but the WORST customer service EVER!  I had an appointment, but still had to wait 30 minutes as they'd taken walk ins. When I was called for my pedicure, the lady put me in a chair to soak my feet, but the water was ice cold!  I told her it was cold, and she walked away and continued working on another customer.  She didn't put anything in the water, she didn't start the spa chair, and she never said one single word to me.  I wasn't sure she understood English; so I brought it to problem to the manager's attention. He was working on another client and did not say anything or do anything to address the problem.  I waited another 10 minutes before leaving, knowing I wouldn't be back.  I have to say I'm grateful to Expect Nails, because I've found a great new shop!    :)
1	The absolute WORST nail salon I have ever walked into. I didn't even get my nails done. I walked out because I was so disgusted by their lack of customer service. I went here because they have children's pedi chairs. I take my 3 year old there after a long day at work because I promised her a mommy day. I walk in and explain she doesn't really need a pedi just her nails painted. He tells me $5 and as my daughter runs over to the kid chairs (which no one was using or waiting for) stops her and tells her she can't sit in a chair unless she gets an actual pedicure. My daughter bursts into tears and he tells her "too bad" ASSHOLE!I walked out and went across the street to Angel Touch Nails. They gladly accommodated me and my daughter and let her sit in a chairEven tho they don't have the kid ones. People take their hard earned money places to have experiences! It's not just aboutThe money people. This business should be ashamed!
2	I agree with another comment on here...I rarely have cash and I asked if tip could go on card..He said just this time...so I guess no tip next time if I don't have cash...not going back there. ..oh and their prices are higher than a few other nearby nail salons.
