4	Nail Envy is a great little nail shop in the unassuming Mt. Lebanon Shops strip mall.  My critique of a nail shop or spa is typically centered around the cleanliness of the shop and equipment, and whether I'm treated to personal attention or not (am I juggled between other clients).  Nail Envy meets my cleanliness standards, I've never had to turn down the full mani/pedi for just a polish change (as I've had to do in other establishments once I saw their tools!).  No, they keep their shop, tools and equipment in tip-top shape and I'm never nervous to have them really go to town on my cuticles or roughed-up heels.  I've been here three or four times now, always as a walk-in (no pre-set appt) and have not yet had to wait at all.  There's always been someone available to take me immediately and they've never juggled me and another client, I always get my own nail tech personally dedicated to me. This makes for a much more efficient and speedy mani/pedi and as I'm usually in a rush...I appreciate this.  A tip: I once went in and got just a pedi (as opposed to my typical mani/pedi combo) because I was in a hurry....it was the same price as the mani/pedi combo and I felt sort of cheated.  For the best value, get the combo...the pedi price alone is a bit steep.  Also, although they do accept credit cards, tipping can only be done with cash.
5	They actually clean the workspaces after they're done with the customer.
4	Definitely my favorite of the local nail salons. It's clean (not as uber-clean as I've seen in higher-end places, but unlike the majority of nail salons, it doesn't completely freak me out). Walk-ins are generally easy.
4	This nail salon is wonderful. The people who work there are professional. The salon is clean and relaxing. They have an amazing selection of gel polishes and are very reasonably priced.
2	I'm revising my previous review. I went back a second time and the experience was very different. They still have a great selection of polishes, but the atmosphere was not relaxing and my nail tech rushed through the whole mani-pedi without really saying anything to me or caring if I was having a good experience. For the amount of money I spent I could have gone to a real spa.
4	I think i have finally found my favorite nail salon! this place is HUGE and CLEAN which are pluses for me .. i hate feeling like i'm sitting on top of someone while getting my nails done! dropped in for a mani/pedi .. no appointment but they do take appointments and walking in was easy. mani/pedi was $40(without tip) .. the girl who worked on my nails was nice, friendly, and even told me about the gel nail polish which i've been dying to try out! (gel mani/regular pedi is $55 which is a great price) she also showed me their huge selection of gel polish! i didn't feel rushed at all but was in and out in a timely manner and my nails look great! i will be back to try the gel polish! oh tips are cash only .
2	I have yet to find a nail salon in the South Hills area of Pittsburgh that's even close to the WORST nail salon I visited in southern California.  I keep hoping.  I've tried three and I'll keep trying.Envy Nail Spa was clean.  They also accept credit cards, though they follow what seems to be the norm here in the Pgh area - they only accept cash tips - crazy.Other than that, I was completely unimpressed.  My nails look worse than they did when I went in and I did need a fill pretty badly.  My feet look great.  The massage with the pedicure was short and not very good, but my toes look wonderful.  If you just want a pedicure, this might not be a bad option.My fingers, on the other hand... *shudder*  Most of them are filed so crooked that even my mom (with very poor eyesight) can tell they're crooked.  They're also SUPER SHORT.  She asked if I wanted them trimmed.  I said, "Yes, a little" - next thing I knew, I barely had nails.  She claimed that it's because I have long nail beds (I do) and she kept thinking my nails were longer... but... I've had long nail beds my whole life and this is the ONLY time it's been a problem.  I was also just getting a pink fill, since there was plenty of white left on my nails (I normally get the white redone every other time), but now my nails look ridiculous, since she cut them so short.  I highly recommend that you avoid this for finger nails.  Most are crooked and all are WAY too short.
3	Envy Nail Spa is clean (mostly) and what you would expect for the price.  My only complaint is the service isn't consistent between the nail technicians.  It's basically hit or miss with who you get. Some of the techs seem to have regular clients, but I suppose that's my own fault as I only end up going when I glance down at my toes and gasp at how hideous they look. Also, although the prices are reasonable here, salons in this area in general are very expensive compared to any other big city.  I realize it's all about supply & demand, but Pittsburgh needs more nail salons!!!! Ok, back to Envy ~ beware of Saturday mornings/early afternoons as you'll end up waiting a while for a pedicure. Also, try to get a pedi chair that is closer to the front of the studio.  The ones in the back tend to make me feel claustrophopic
2	Two visits. I came back because 1.) my first weekday visit was OK and 2.) I had yet to find an alternative. Now visit two was less OK. Although I called for a Saturday afternoon appointment and was told 5 pm. It was 5:15 before I was in a chair and 5:30 pm before someone was working on my feet. And let me tell you, she was working like she had a deadline. Relaxing in not an adjective I'd use. At the end of my pedi, the waiting room looked less full then when I arrived, so I asked if I could add a manicure and if not, if they were too busy, that would be fine too. She did my manicure like she was doing me a favor, hurried and sloppily. When I pointed out a cuticle that she missed she said, "Oh, that's fine."  and sent me on my way without trimming it. Ooooohhhh Kaaaaaay. I guess the customer is not always right here. I'm once again on the hunt for a quality inexpensive nail salon (suggestions welcome!)
4	Prices are competitive within the South Hills area for nail salons...maybe even a little bit cheaper. They are clean and you never have to wait for a walk-in appt.
4	I went here for a "natural" (e.g. no tips, gel, etc.) manicure, which was $15.I found the service to be fast, polite, clean, and friendly. Their manicure procedure is fairly standard - clip n file, cuticle tlc, light massage, polish.What's great is that I'm finding that my mani is pretty durable - we're on day #4 without chipping (practically a miracle for this gal)!All in all, didn't blow my mind, but I would definitely go again.
3	Went here while in from out of town...I needed a new gel manicure and regular pedicure. The pedicure was quick and not very relaxing. But the manicure was better and still looks great a week later. The price was much less than what I pay at home, so I can't complain. If you are in need of a quick fix, it will do, but if you want a relaxing pedicure, look elsewhere.
1	Recently my husband and I moved to Mt. Lebanon, and I was excited to establish a relationship with a nearby nail spa. Unfortunately, Envy Nail Spa is NOT that spa! For my first visit, I was 38 weeks pregnant and ready to be pampered! I called ahead to schedule my first visit; I scheduled a deluxe pedicure ($45) and a gel (shellac) manicure ($35). The entire experience at Envy Nail Spa, including both services, left me disappointed. I thought it a good sign that the salon was very busy when I arrived. I was taken to a spa pedicure chair; the chair was broken - no massage, no recline, nothing. I was not happy about this, but there were no other available chairs (except for one that a man was sitting in, not receiving services - he appeared to be an employee but was not working when I was there). Although I encouraged the girl (I believe her name was 'Tammy') to "really scrub" and "really massage" my feet, she did not do this with any tenacity or for any length of time. The entire "deluxe" pedicure - costing $45 - was over in less than 30 minutes!!! I was then moved to a nail station and I asked for the French-style gel (shellac) manicure. At this time, a bridal party was brought in to the Spa (a table of hors d'oeuvres and wine was set up for them). Tammy  rushed terribly through my manicure (it lasted only 15 minutes!), as the staff appeared to be short-handed in providing services to the bridal party. NOTE: I have had a gel (shellac) manicure monthly for at least four (4) years, therefore I know what the service entails and how the result should appear. The gel manicure that I received at Envy Nail Spa was completely sub-standard. The base coat was not carefully applied (in many spots and on all fingers it covered my cuticles), therefore the entire manicure peeled at the edges within three days of receiving the manicure. Typically, on my nails, a gel manicure lasts for one month. (NOTE: These two sub-standard services cost me $80 AND I tipped Tammy $16 cash [20%]! I always tip people well for services provided, and I am happy to pay for good services! This was not the case at Envy Nail Spa, yet I still paid and tipped well!) I called the Spa and asked if I could come in to have the manicure fixed. The young lady on the phone (Asian accent) was very friendly and said "Yes" that I could come back to have the manicure repaired. She also SPECIFICALLY said "No charge, no charge!" I scheduled a repair appointment for two days later (the first availability for my schedule and the Spa's schedule). Upon arrival for my second visit to Envy Nail Spa, the receptionist (a young,  Caucasian girl) confirmed that I was there for a "fix." After a bit of time, she removed the existing gel manicure and I continued to wait for a nail technician. I waited for ONE HOUR and FIVE MINUTES - despite having an appointment! I was again put with Tammy, and the second manicure lasted 25 minutes (as opposed to the first manicure duration of 15 minutes). The result of the manicure was the same - peeling within days! I still took out $5 cash for yet another tip for Tammy. The worst part of my second experience was that at the conclusion of the manicure Tammy said "$35." I reminded her that this was a "fix" because the manicure that I received from her a few days earlier peeled so badly. She began to argue with me and demanded "$35." I told her that on the phone I was repeatedly told "No charge!" and in the appointment book it was marked "fix." I asked to speak with the owner or the manager; Tammy told me, "Owner on vacation." I asked to speak to someone with more authority in decision making for the Spa, and Tammy repeated, "Owner on vacation" and she demanded "$35!!" At this point I was again disappointed, thoroughly astounded, and angry! I handed Tammy my bank card and paid $35 AGAIN for another terrible manicure - a manicure for which I was told I would not have to pay! Tammy also kept the $5 tip!!! I was absolutely ripped off by this nail salon, and specifically by Tammy. I WILL NEVER RETURN TO THIS NAIL SPA and I suggest that anyone considering receiving services at this Spa look in to going to another venue!
