3	We have driven by this place a million times so my co-worker and I decided to stop in. Very cute shop with cute/nice employees and a good selection. We were in the mood for cupcakes and they had a few different kinds to choose from. I ended up with a marbled cupcake and she had a red velvet. I think the total order was like $5 so that was fun for a treat.My cupcake wasn't bad at all, in fact it was good, but it had the taste of the frosting from the can and the cake from the box. Again, not bad but not something you want to pay for when you can make it yourself at home. Her cupcake was less dense than mine and more moist and it had cream cheese frosting which was good. I would probably stop in here again for a quick treat just because they are across the street and they really aren't bad but I need to try a little more for them to blow me out of the water.
5	Minecraft party. Those words sent my head into a spin. You can't find much Minecraft out there! So, I began to call place after place to find someone to make a cake. I called one well know place that said ( what's Minecraft ) really my soon to be 8 year old grandson and 16 of his closest friends it is a way of life! Then I called the Amazing Sweets Unlimited. "" sure we make Minecraft cakes " would you also like some gift bags for give always? The entire staff was a pleasure to work with. I had to call and add to the order. When I went to pick it up, it was done on time, with all the changes I had phoned in, and last but not least..... I could not have pictured a more magnificent cake. As far as the quality, countless people were surprised to see their child eat the cake along with the icing. The adults who ate cake, said it was one of the best cakes they have ever had. I found myself putting out the flyer and post it  so the parents could write down the number. So, my had work and Sweets Unlimited mad fir a fantastic Birthday party. I will use them for all of my events. They also have pastry cases filled things to eat. It's a must do. It's in the shopping center along side of Home Depot on Northsight. See you there;)
5	CAKE! Of course everyone needs a cake on their birthday and Sweets Unlimited sure did deliver!  I wanted to surprise my Husband at his work with something that could be delivered to him. I happen to come across this shop through a google search, searching near by places to his work. I called the day before his birthday and the Owner was SO nice to take my request so last minute. My Husband loved his surprise!!! DELICIOUS!THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!!
5	This place is great! I saw it driving by and thought, why not, and I'm so glad I did. You can smell them baking when you go in and it's yummy! I got the blueberry and pumpkin pecan bread and they were so delicious. I have been looking for a place you can get some actual home baked goodies and I have found it!
5	Eva did an impeccable job on our wedding cake. It was an eight-inch round since our wedding reception was small with only 15 guests. It looked beautiful -- exactly what I had in mind -- and it tasted delicious. In fact, everyone commented on how moist and tasty it was. I couldn't have asked for more!
