2	95% of the time CMI is just fine, their maintenance people always respond quickly and genuinely seem like nice people. The maintenance guy even vacuumed my place after an icicle broke my window. Dealing with the main office though, is another story. They always seem to have an attitude of "why are you bothering me?" From the move out procedures to giving my future landlord a referral, everything was a hassle with them and required jumping through hoops. I actually regret recommending them to my friends who were looking for an apartment. Your options aren't great in Madison but the office staff definitely needs an attitude adjustment.
1	I've lived with three different management companies and this is by far the worst. I definitely agree with the other review here, the maintenance guys are great, very nice and friendly and work hard to get your requests completed. However, there seems to be a major disconnect between the maintenance guys and the main office. Sometimes when there is something that every apartment needs to be fixed such as the air conditioners or window seals, they say they will come one day, but don't show up, so they say they will come another time and may or may not come. It is very annoying and seems like the main office doesn't know how long these things will take. Cynthia in the main office is terrible. She acts snobby and doesn't seem to care about us as tenants what so ever. They are inconsistent. They sprayed out apartment for ants at the beginning of the year but now they won't spray for the spiders that showed up all over my window. They are also terrible at responding to emails so if you need to contact them, call them. Shortly after my roommate and I moved in, we noticed the smell of smoke in our hallway. When we toured the building-445 W. Johnson St.- the man who showed us the apartment said that smoking wasn't allowed however after we moved in, I asked them about it again and was told that this building was not a non-smoking building so I was out of luck and they would replace the one small air freshner in the hallway. Later we found out that there has been an older lady who smokes and has lived there for many many years. Overall, there have been lots of problems and I would not recommend this company or the building to my friends. The only perks are the price for the location but that is it.
3	I'm happy with CMI for the most part - the maintenance staff in particular is great. I live in an older building, so it has its own set of age-related problems. With every issue I've had, the maintenance staff has delivered. Very pleasant people, too.The office staff can be difficult at times - I always hang up feeling like I've bothered someone or I'm an annoyance. Wish the candor would change. Regardless, my requests are always fulfilled, and I can't complain about that.
2	Lived with this company for about 8 months. Maintenance people were great, but the office was disorganized. After I moved out and subletted, I was charged rent not once but twice. Both times, they apologized and caught the error, but it happened twice. Also, I had a roommate for a while, and for the life of them, the office could not remember she lived there, resulting in a monthly conversation about how yes, it was approved with the office that she was living there. They were fair about returning the security deposit though, and they do have great downtown locations.
1	I recently sublet an apartment for the summer with a building owned by CMI. Let me tell you worst experience ever! Emailed them multiply times about an air conditioner problem, no response. DONT ADVERTISE something that is in the form of just air blowing sometimes even hot air. Also the front door that was suppose to require a key to get in was broken so anyone could get in, right by the mailboxes, where packages were left for anyone to see and to the stairs to the apartments! Wouldn't recommend
