5	I've been going to this place since it was known as Crown Collision, and they've been  doing the bodywork for my families cars since 2002.  Ownership may have changed, but I'm here to tell you Marissa and everyone else is still there, still doing a fantastic job!  They have always been very professional, very polite, and kept me informed on my auto body work.Early last year I had door panel fall on the drivers side, and it was the dickens to get out of my car.  I took it to them, and they had the part in and fixed it within the hour.  I thought I had posted my review then, but for some reason it didn't take.A few weeks ago I was rear-ended on the 101 (no surprise, right?).  I had some minor damage to my rear bumper cover, and was concerned about any damage underneath.  Caliber coordinated with the Enterprise care rental nearby on baseline, and I was able to drop off my car on Monday, and by Wednesday it was ready, looking better than new.  When I picked up my car I left my rental at Caliber, and everything was taken care of.John Dixon is the new manager there, and he has kept the same people and the fine traditions of professionalism and excellence.  If you need bodywork of any kind, these are people you can trust.  I do.
5	Please consider this Body shop for your autobody work.Very Profesional in the handling of customers from the moment you walk in the door.This is how customer service is done! KJ was the best rep I've ever had the pleasure of dealing with. Handled everything till they delivered the car. The car looks better than new If that is possible! Thanks to Caliber Collision for a great experience!Customer service is back!
5	Our vehicle was broken into and the window was shattered along with some minor damage to the car door.  We contacted our insurance company and were referred to Caliber Collision.  The damage to the door was so minor that they just took care of it and we only had to replace our window which we had full coverage on.  From the moment we walked in the door to the time we finished our business with Caliber Collision we couldn't have been more pleased.  Thanks Caliber collision for your awesome service.  We will definitely be back if the occasion ever arises.  It's nice to have great customer service.
5	One of the best body shops I've ever been to.  The lobby was immaculate.   The employees were all very knowledgable and friendly.  I felt very comfortable leaving my car there for repairs.  Brandon kept me in the loop as to the status of my vehicle.  It was delivered on time and even beautifully detailed.  These days it's hard to find a body shop you trust.  I felt like Caliber was up front with all repairs and did an amazing job fixing my car.  I would highly recommend Caliber Collision.  They completely put my mind at ease during a very stressful situation.
5	My wife and I were getting ready to sell our Lexus and we noticed it had a few bumps and bruises. It was suggested to us to take it up to see Brandon at Caliber Collision. I wasn't sure if this was even something they could help us with? After having a good conversation with Brandon we brought our vehicle up to the shop for him to go over it with us. Brandon explained in detail what they could do to help us get the vehicle into tip top selling shape. The shop was very clean and I wasn't sure if I was walking into a body shop or a surgery center! The work was down in a timely manner. When I came to pick the car up Brandon went through the entire process that they did to our vehicle making sure I understood everything that had been done. I greatly appreciate the professional manner in which we were treated. It's one thing to have great customer service but when you back that up with great work on the vehicle that makes for a slam dunk 5 star rating! I would highly recommend Caliber Collision to anyone looking for a honest high quality collision Shop! Thank you Brandon for everything you did for us.
5	From start to finish, this was hands down the BEST experience I've ever had with a business!  All smiles when I walked in the doors.  The receptionist was very friendly.  All of the staff were very knowledgeable on the cars, parts, and prices.  They were great when it came to communicating with my insurance company.  All of the estimates were accurate and very reasonable.  The guys who were working on my car were very good about communicating with me and letting me know the status of my car.  All around AMAZING experience with this auto collision center!  I'll never take my car anywhere else and I'm going to send anyone with car damage to Caliber Collision!
5	I wanted to write and salute Caliber Collision's Gilbert staff for excellent work, and an excellent experience, in the repair of my car. My complements especially go to Dominique Lee.  I had an awkward and embarrassing repair.  I backed out of my garage with the hatchback up.  Parts were broken and glass was scratched.  I had no idea how this would be fixed.  Dominique immediately assured me he could do the repair.  When after just a couple of hours I got back the car, not only had everything been repaired including the scratched glass.  They had spruced up the car and made it look better.  Also, their price had been more than fair.  I was impressed at everyone's concern and courtesy.  My hat is off to Caliber!
