5	Really cute and clean place, really modern and comforting atmosphere. Small enough menu so you dont get overwhelmed but great selection. The service is also very attentive and friendly. I ordered the lemongrass chicken and spring rolls and it was really good! I want to go back and try the crab vermicilli, I've heard from more than one person that its really good.
2	I first learned of this place through my cousin, who is a fellow Yelper and wished for his name to be muted in this review.  He mentioned about their Pho having decent flavors, lots of meat, but low on noodles.  He brought home their menu one day and I browsed through their items, kind of thoroughly too.  Based on pricing, pictures and ingredients, It sounded like a really, really great place for an Asian-style cafe.  With all that said, I went through the effort to also invite some of my foodie companions to try it with me.  Here we are together trying to figure out what we should get.  I knew to stay away from the Pho since they are, apparently, stingy on noodles! No big deal, maybe its just an issue with the Pho.  Being that I was under the weather, I opted for their Rice Porridge that included chicken and garlic.  My friends ordered their stir-fry Noodle with BBQ Pork.Surprised? Shocked? of the portion? I suppose NOT, but up until the first dish arrived, I gave them the benefit of the doubt that it was just their Pho that was weak in the portion department! It has been determined that the rest of our orders suffered the same wrath! UGH x INFINITY!Kid's Meal sized portions, folks! Look at the pictures I posted, that will be self-explanatory!There were a few positives to take from here.  Their super friendly service and gesture could not earn them more stars.  The flavors from our dishes were decent and satisfying.  The decor and interior was modern and sparkling clean.I hate to write an ugly review like this but the hard truth is when you compare apples to apples with the rest of the Asian restaurants in the community you feel robbed, maybe embarrassed, and certainly disappointed! Why would you pay $5-7 and still feel hungry?! Ordering another item does you no good because you just paid twice the amount for less again! A true Asian place makes your stomach and wallet happy!
5	We live in a small town in AZ and do not have a Vietnamese restaurant nearby.  This weekend we found ourselves in the Phoenix area and just had to get our Pho fix.  The other reviews all seemed to be very positive, so we stopped into Anise Cafe.It is a very new restaurant, Dec 2010, very tastefully decorated and extremely clean.  We were greeted by the owner who was friendly and attentive although a bit disappointed that we only wanted Pho.  Water was served with an orange slice.  Nice touch.We ordered the Pho with rare beef.  It was huge!  In California where we ate much Pho, this would be considered a 'large' and cost ~$2 more per bowl.  It was served traditionally with all of the veggies and sauces.  The broth was very flavorful and not greasy.  The noodles and beef were generous.  It was the first time we couldn't eat all of our Pho!The only comment I have is that I prefer my rare beef sliced more thinly and set on the very top of the noodles so that I can eat it a little more easily and a little more rare if I please.  Not a complaint, just a note.We will recommend Anise Cafe to our friends and return ourselves the next time we are in Phoenix.  Good job and good luck to the owners!
4	$3.85 (tax included) for banh mi in Arizona, I am there! I got the grilled pork vietnamese sandwich which was pretty good. The meat could have been juicier, but they put pate in the sandwich which moistened my palette appropriately. The restaurant was VERY clean and looked newly remodeled. I would definitely come back to try the pho on a colder day in December.
5	What a find! I come from an area with a lot of authentic Vietnamese restaurants. The food is here authentic-with-a-flair and FRESH.  The place is impeccably clean with modern yet warm decor.  The service was excellent. And the food was wonderful. Where else can you get Shrimp Bruschetta (yum)? We also had the grilled pork sandwich (a mouthful of flavor and cool-you-off veggie crunch). The Pho was enough for two people. We will both be back and have list of friends we want to bring with us.
4	Leaving the house this morning I noticed the Anise Cafe. They are only about a half mile form my house in a strip mall. I had never really noticed them. I had made up my mind I would give them a try at the first chance. It is now lunch time and I decided today is the day. I like to patronize locally owned establishments as more of the money I spend stays in my community. I knew they were asian but not what to expect. I looked at Yelp when we got to our table and they are labeled as Asian Fusion. I am not an expert in any way on Asian food. I do know when I like how it tastes. There is an order counter in front as you walk in and some tables and chairs to the left as you come in. Farther back is some booths. We sat in a booth. Everything was clean abd Our waitress came over promptly and asked what we wanted to drink. On bring our tea she asked if we had decided. I had decided on the beef Poe soup. My wife got shrimp laid out on sweet potatoes.Since I had not been there before and because I was not thinking I did not realize these dishes were made to share. There were only about 5 shrimp and this was a pretty light meal for my wife. On the other hand the Poe was in a very large bowel. I offered some Poe to my wife but she did not want any, leaving this large bowel to me.She said the shrimp and sweet potato was good. The Poe was excellent. Lot of meat and noodles. I gave them 4 stars. I will definitely be coming back. There are several other dished that looked good.  Everything looked good and tasted good. The food was priced right. We were well taken care of. Our tea was filled three of four times.
5	We went back to Anise Cafe and the food & service were as wonderful as we experienced on our first visit. This time, we had the Minced Crab Vermicelli which was filing and fresh and fabulous. Also had the fresh Summer Rolls (in college I had these for lunch every week at a Vietnamese cafe near the campus). Yum. And the Grilled Chicken Vermicelli was so fresh and healthy and tasted sublime. Also had Vietnamese Coffee which could be addicting; it's not as rich as Thai Iced tea (which they serve) but equally refreshing. The Orange Chicken as AMAZING! Usually this dish is gooey and well, slimy, (sorry) but  their version tasted so fresh and bright and with a refreshing orange ginger flavor. And the prices are fantastic. Can't beat this place.
5	Very clean, Vietnamese/fusion restaurant! I've been here multiple times and got something new each time and have not been disappointed!Appetizers: Summer rolls or spring rolls are always fresh and the peanut sauce that goes with it is amazing as well. the Shrimp Bruschetta are my favorite hands down!Entrees: I've had all of the following and all of them are delicious.. it's just a matter of what you're in the mood for! It's hard to find this much variety around this area.-Pho-Crab Meat Vermicelli (bun rieu)-Wonton/BBQ egg noodle soup -Beef stew (hu tieu bo kho)-Spicy beef soup (bun bo hue, my favorite soup!)-Grilled Pork and Shrimp Vermicilli-Anise Noodle (another favorite!)-Wok seared noodlesI love this restaurant and find myself coming back all the time! See my pictures added =)
1	Goodness, I came here on the opening week.. it was disgusting. their house special noodles and kbbq was so bad. The only thing I actually liked was their complimentary sweet potato fries.
5	My wife and I would drive regulary from the West Valley to Chandler to enjoy Anise Vietnamese Restaurant.  We were crushed when we found out they had closed down.  Imagine our joy when we found out that not only had the owner opened Anise Cafe, but that the new location was only a few miles from our house!The owners are incredibly friendly and the food is very good.  The restaurant is always clean and well maintained.
4	Very good! I have been looking for a place with fresh vegetarian fresh rolls nearby and these were great ($2.99). We also had the vegetarian crisp rolls ($2.99) and also delicious, wrapped in lettuce and mint. Lastly, vegetarian pho. What more could you ask for! The owner/server was extremely prompt and friendly. She told my boyfriend we could order anything on the menu veggie b/c it is all cooked fresh. :)
2	I happened to be driving past Anise Cafe and had to try out a new pho place I haven't checked out in the valley. I had high hopes when I walked in because the restaurant was very clean and I was greeted with a friendly smile. I wish I could give them more than 2 stars, but here's why I cannot:Pho:The broth was bland and had almost no flavor to it. It wasn't terrible once I added lots of Sriracha and Hoison sauce to it. The meat and noodles were fresh, but when you don't have a good broth as a base, the rest doesn't do much.Spring rolls:I was excited to see mint listed on the menu, because many restaurants skimp on the mint. When I bit into the rolls, there wasn't even a hint of mint! Sad panda.Bahn mi:Before you judge me for being a fatty, I ordered the bahn mi to-go for dinner. I ordered the charbroiled pork bahn mi. It was sub-par in my opinion. The roll was not filled enough so it was mostly bread, and there was some sauce that was extremely salty.If Yelp was based on service review, Anise would get 4 stars hands down. Unfortunately, we are in the food biz people, and the food here is not really worth for me to make a second trip.
2	I had tried their com bi cha thit nuong rice dish. It was only so so. The grilled meat did not have much flavor as well as the cha. The place looks very clean and neat though. I haven't tried anything else from their menu yet, but the marinate for the thit nuong did not impress me at all. Maybe I'll give them another try again someday.....
2	Cute and clean yes but pushy service, pushed me to make a u turn!
1	I Ordered the Pork Roll and the Grilled Pork Sandwiches here.  It was way too salty and the salt overpowered the taste of the meats and veges.  All I could taste was the Soy Sauce.  Each Sandwich was also half the size of a sandwich found in other Vietnamese sandwich shops.  I grew up in the Asian Community in Sacramento and this will not fly there.  Do not order the sandwiches here.  Not worth it at all.
5	Awesome pho. The broth has a great flavor to it and the sandwiches are also very good. Just wish they were bigger. Thai tea was great. And for the appetizer, the crispy rolls are DELISH!
2	I'm giving it 2 stars because the prices were a bit higher than most phos especially all I ever get is the broth n noodles wit veggies. There fried rice was mushy but very tasteful so I'm at a loss for words on that. She came to check on us once and we had to ask for more water. When she brought our extras she simply placed them on the table without saying anything nor acknowledging us. I probably won't be coming back.
5	I was visiting a friend at Midwestern and after a long night of drinking I was in dying need of a hangover cure. While most people automatically think pho, I think BUN BO HUE. We headed to Anise Cafe right away. +Bun bo hue - who knew that Arizona would be the home to the best bun bo hue I've ever had??! Wow.... full of flavor and made to a perfection. +Anise noodles (egg noodles + bbq pork) - Something I've learned from dining out.. ALWAYS always ALWAYS order the item that has the name of the place... I love the fried onion and bean sprouts on top; adds a nice crunchy texture and really completes the dish. Make sure you mix everything up before you start to dig in. Bomb!!! +Summer rolls (aka spring rolls) - super fresh and tasty. I mean you can't really fuck up on spring rolls unless you completely suck... but what stood out was the sauce. Mmmm that sauce. Lol I'm really picky with sauce and I seriously HATE places that give you a side of straight up peanut butter or hoisin sauce. Their sauce was yummsss.LOOK NO FURTHER ARIZONIANS; you guys got yourself a bomb Viet place where you can enjoy that goooooooood hole-in-the-wall, homestyle flavor, but in a clean (VERY CLEAN!!), modern setting. Enjoy :)))
2	Disappointed. I know, I know, I live in Southern California and I am blessed with amazing Vietnamese Restaurants...well I've had some  somewhat decent places here in AZ too...this one seized to amaze.I called in my order. I got there and it was ready. I specifically asked for chili paste/sambal on the side...like an extra cup of this stuff...I get to my destination and with huge starving anticipation I open the box....super BUMMER!!! No chili paste/ Sambal...she put like an 1/8th of a teaspoon on top of my peanut sauce and that was it. On to the roll...icky. Not good, pork tasted funny too...so sad, wont be back because 1 mile north is an awesome place that listens to customers requests.
5	The flavors are excellent, the portions large, prices fair, and service was superb. We will be back.
4	Great flavorful food and kind friendly service.  Definitely coming back to try out more dishes.
5	This was the first visit for everyone in our group.  Everybody loved their meal.  Outstanding.
5	I am not sure why this place doesn't have more stars!! It's delicious and service is great! Thai tea and crispy egg rolls are delicious!! The price is also very reasonable!
4	Had a wonderful girl's lunch at this clean, friendly restaurant. We decided to share our meals-- family style. We had shrimp pad thai, orange chicken and the wok-seared noodles with vegetables and chicken. Food arrived in a reasonable amount of time and it was delicious. The pad thai was ordered non-spicy so it wasn't all that tasty. The other two dishes were very good although the orange chicken was very small in quantity. Would definitely go back!
4	Made plans to enjoy Anise Cafe yesterday and headed that way... (mouth watering with anticipation!)... only to roll up and see that it was CLOSED!!!  So today I'm feeling sad that another locally owned establishment has closed.  I'm hoping that their lease is up and they will open at another location.  Where do I go to get tasty Vietnamese food?  Sad and disappointed to see them gone.
