3	I almost rated this place two stars but realized part of the problem was me.  I chose to sit as far away as possible from the group of 40 or more 10-12 yo girls occupying a long seating area in the middle of the store.  Where I ended up was initially a quiet spot over by the play/gaming area that proved to be very noisy as time went on and many families with toddlers moved in around me.I was feeling cheap and in a rare mood for pizza. While not the worlds greatest pizza I sort of like the thin crispy crust that didn't fold up on me.  In six pieces I managed to try the bacon/onion, sausage, veggie, pineapple/ham.  I had a plate of Caesar and one of ranch salad and a bread stick.  The salads were sort of limp.  For $6.78 +tax with a medium drink I got my moneys worth.  For .99 more I could have had a soft serve cone but I was already full.The dining area is huge!  I bet it can seat over 200.  Seating for the most part is school cafeteria with a few 4 tops and some pseudo 2 top booths.  As I mentioned there is a play/gaming area at the back of the store, they definitely cater to families who want a meal out on a budget.
3	The pizza and wings were quite good for a kids day
3	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Armed with a free "All-you-can-eat for $4.49" Buffet coupon, I whipped into this big Peter Piper for lunch today.  This is still the largest Buffet chain in the Valley, even though they have dropped down from around 65 local locations to 30 now, due to the economic times.  This one was roaring busy today & doesn't look like it's going away!I started with some of each of their 3 tossed salads...  Garden Ranch, Classic Caesar, & Mandarin Cranberry Vinegarette.  The last one was special, with it's Mandarin Orange sections, cranberries, & sunflower seeds!  Then it was on to tasty hot bread sticks with dipping sauce.There up to 10 kinds of pizza out at a time & with them coming & going in seconds, everything was fresh & hot.  Their featured pizza today was called "Extreme Pepperoni", & it was really good!  In fact, it seems that maybe when they raised the price 50 cents recently, they put the money into using better recipes for the pizzas now!  Ok, this is still no BoomBozz, but everything was right about the place, my BOOTH was comfortable (Yeah booths!) & I enjoyed the use of their free open WiFi.  This fun lunch actually nipped at 4 Stars considering all!     :-))Lunch Buffet $5.49 or $4.49 with coupons that come in the weekly shopper tabloids.
1	OK I know that nobody goes to PPP for the good food... but I was dragged here for a kid's party. Worst pizza EVER, worse even than Sardella's. Tomato sauce like battery acid. Tasteless cheese and not much of it. Cardboard dough. Domino's or Papa John's is a step up from this. I can't believe I liked this crap when I was a kid. It's not inexpensive, either. These places must make a killing between the shit wages, the shit pizza, and the prices that are comparable to what you'd pay for a pizza worth eating.On the bright side, PPP performs a valuable public service by keeping the hyperactive rugrats contained in a place where they belong, so that they don't disturb the adults at places that serve pizza that's actually worth eating.
3	There was a line out the door for the buffet. Only one person working the register . The restaurant is a hot mess express. There was crying kids and babies. Parents drinking pitchers of beer while there kids turned up! Other then that the pizza was bomb and so was the salad! That's why i give it 3 stars!
