2	A fairly underwhelming selection of football products. The store is somewhat small, so I am sure inventory concerns impact the product line. Maybe it is just me, but I don't think it would be too challenging to identify customer interest and offer products to fit the need.  Baseball season is winding down, so a reduction in baseball products would make sense. Have some minimal offerings for Diamondbacks and a couple of teams that might actually make the playoffs. The majority of people shopping now most likely are interested in football. For the Cardinals, 95% of people who want a regular Cardinals jersey already have one, so focus on the new black alternative jersey (which they did have a nice selection at $80 for a replica and $110 for an authentic). Besides Cardinals products, college football would be a main focus. With schools back in session and the college schedule starting last week that is probably a high interest product right now. In the crazy scheme to make money, I would expect sporting goods stores to have a big selection right now. And considering most people are not from here, a selection of other schools would be nice to see. Again, given the size of the store the number of schools would be limited and I probably would not find my Marshall Thundering Herd on the shelf, but it should be more than only ASU and AU. Having went to Dicks, Champs and the Sports Chalet only to discover none of them had jerseys except a couple offering ASU or AU, I went back to Just Sports. No jerseys, but they did have a few t-shirts. Again, mostly ASU with some AU - then I stumbled on a Wake Forest shirt. That seemed odd...but soon I found a handful of other schools. It was all the same design of shirt, which resembled only slightly higher quality than a Tent City screen-print station, but for my needs it would have to do. I flipped through the one rack about four times hoping something would jump out. Finally worker A tore himself away from the conversation with worker B and asked if I was looking for a particular team. When I said yeah, one that doesn't suck, he only offered the comments "Good luck". The shirts were decently priced - $20 for 2 or $12.99 for one, but the selection made it a challenge to find one - let alone two.
3	Pretty decent selection of shoes. I would say better than Foot Locker surprisingly. They were a lot more friendly and helpful then Foot Locker was as well. They didn't offer larger sizes just like Foot Locker.
