5	If I look at my shopping list and had to pick one place to get as much crossed off....I'm heading to Wal-Mart!!I think that is has a great selection of items that I can get at a bargain - even when I am travelling and need something quick...each Wal-Mart is set up pretty similar so you can zip in and zip out. I have noticed a few times that their prices are below any other mass retailer for the exact same item!! They have recently installed the 'Self Check-out' counters now - I LOVE THESE!!I cant say that I really shop there for their produce but many of my household items are from Wal-Mart.Like their tag says....'Save Money. Live Better'
4	Don't know if it's because it's in north Scottsdale or what but this Wal-mart Supercenter is pretty spiffy. It's clean, well-stocked, and quiet. They are sporting the remodeled Wal-mart look which is a lot nicer I think. Have been here twice over the last few weeks and have really enjoyed shopping there both times. No crowds, no hassle. Get in, do my shopping, and leave. (I have gone after 10 at night both times which may have something to do with it.....but I have been to other Wal-marts in the Valley that are zoos at 2 in the morning...)It's kind of hard to find...tucked away in a corner in a strip mall by that weird Loop 101/Frank Lloyd Wright Blvd interchange. I don't think it's easily visible from any main street.  Maybe that's half the reason it's so quiet. Who knows?For a Wal-mart, I'm impressed.
5	When I used to live on Thomas rd & 56th st. I used to make the trip up here to this Walmart because its so damn nice! Its clean, well stocked, very large and spacious, open 24 hours, and prices are great. Without sounding sexist or like a male chauvinist, the "People Watching" is pretty special here as well! I'm not too keen on their produce here, but everything else exceeds expectations. Parking can be a mess, there's plenty of spots, but you may have to find a space far from an entrance. Good place to get some exercise in as well because the joint is so huge!
3	A review of Wal-Mart that doesn't include scorn or apathy? Say it ain't so.Having lived in Phoenix, Tempe, Scottsdale and Chandler I've had the chance over the years to visit more than a handful of Wal-Marts in the valley. I can say this one is the one of the most well maintained and least "ghetto-fied" of them all. The last part should come as no surprise being that this location is in the heart of North Scottsdale.Also no surprise should be what to find at this location in terms of products, appointments and staffing. All are about the norm for the chain. In the effort to give an idea, the inside additional businesses are: McDonalds, Wetzels Pretzels, A bank (which escapes me), a grooming salon (Manicures/Pedicures mostly from what I've seen).If you absolutely need to stop at a Wal-Mart for a smoking deal on something, this one isn't a bad choice at all.
4	It's a Super Wal Mart in Scottsdale... What else need be said!
3	I used to love Super WalMart when it first opened years ago.  We'd find ourselves shopping there at wee hours of the night - picking up last minute items after work. It really is a great concept - a 24 hour grocery store with EVERYTHING you could possibly need under one roof.  We'd peruse the $6 movie bin - and see if we could score some classic DVD's, and then head over to grocery and bring home dinner.Fast forward years later.  We can barely stomach going in there.  First off - for some reason - the absolute worst smell EVER resides outside of this WalMart.  It must be a busted sewer pipe - it started about a year ago and has never been remedied.  NO joke.  This particular location did go under an intense remodel - so I'm wondering if it has something to do with it.  Regardless - it's enough to make you NOT want to shop there that's how bad it is.Second - the selection just isn't the same as it used to be.  I remember being able to find all of our favorite brands there, but after the remodel - they cleared out a bunch of brand names and carry a ton more of their generic.  Not as convenient as it used to be.And you do have to be careful on the pricing.  Just because it's Walmart  I think it's easy to assume they'll automatically be cheaper - which isn't the case at all the time.  I often times find lower prices at competing grocery stores.  And their meat section is something to be desired.What we do shop there for is frozen foods, canned soups, and cat food.  Oh, and sometimes you can find good deals on their pharmacy as well. But otherwise there really isn't a need to go there.  Especially since it seems like no matter what time we're in there - it's jam packed with people - long long lines - even at the self checkout!  OH - and a word of warning for those of you who think shopping at 1AM will mean quicker checkout.  They close their self checkout lines and only have one line open - so actually - checking out is JUST as bad at 1AM as it is at 5:30 after people get out of work.This store used to have a super clean, fresh feeling to it, and unfortunately - that isn't the case anymore.  Or maybe I still can't get passed the stench in the parking lot.  Regardless - save your time and money and find a more pleasant grocery store to hit!
2	I went here today to see if they had the replacement carafe for my coffee maker. They didn't have a selection just 2 and neither worked for what I needed. Then decided for the price to buy a new one. Just on a whim, I checked e item at the target online and store price. What a surprise - Target's price was $5,00 less. So for &@# and giggles, I checked a toaster I am replacing - that too was $5.00 cheaper at Target!This is a humongous Walmart. I guess it gets bigger charging more on items you expect to save on...
4	Get your Rx's filled here for $4.00
2	Walmarts over the years has been either hit or miss I believe for many of us. The way they've treated their employees in the past (I hope it's in the past) is a negative they still haven't figured out how to extract themselves. That said, this is probably the largest and nicest Walmart we've ever been in! We normally go to Fry's on Shea and a few other local stores during the week. Walmart is saved for a special trip for a particular item or two. The meat department seems very large, but as Jason B. has pointed out the selection is limited. It is mostly well known brands that have prepackage their meats and some limited butcher cuts. The produce selection is very large and fresh. The canned goods selection is equally large. They have a TV and electronics section worthy of being a small Best Buys alternative and the prices are good. For us, the major drawback is the fact that it's a Walmarts -- which to us means, basic.  Basic, nothing flashy. In some ways this Walmart is so large and well stocked it is hard to differentiate it from the Sam's Club nearby. That is why we also go to Target, which is nearby and has recently opened a small deli meats and refrigerated section.In the end, you are either a Walmarts type, or Target type; Sam's Club type, or Costco type -- and, we are in the later and not the former group.  Sorry!
3	This massive Walmart has nice wide, clean aisles...http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sPb0wqy6GbOo0VjqtoNwjg?select=9mYekFW7ComLqE_Rn8N0fwI've been here a couple of times to pick up some knick-knacks for the house.  I like how I can stop in one place and get virtually everything I need.There's always plenty of parking and this particular location doesn't get too crowded, perfect!Return Factor - 80%
1	This review is for this Walmart Auto departmentI shop at this Walmart for a variety of things and I also get my prescriptions filled here (very great people at the pharmacy) and I have never met an unfriendly employee before today....I went in today to the auto service here to get a break light fixed (I am young and this is actually the first time I have ever had this issue and plus I know nothing about cars) The guy at the cashier's desk was nice and said that they could get me right in and of course the price was super cheap. I specifically told the man to not have anyone roll the windows down because they get stuck and don't go back up. He put the note in and told me if would be about 30 minutes.30 minutes later I went over and paid and then the man says at the end...oh yeah well I put the note in about the windows but they didn't see it. So I said, well are any of the windows down? And he said yes, one of them is all the way down. As I stared there in semi-shock, he says "would you like me to call a manager" and I said yes...So a minute later the manager comes by and asks what the problem is and I told him what had happened. Then a guy from the garage walks up and the manager tells him to go look at it and fix it. The manager was very nice and told them that if they couldn't fix it without taking the door off, to come and find him. So I followed 2 auto men out to the car and the one guy acted as if it is such an inconvenience and that somehow it is my fault that he had to sit there and get the window up.I'm so sorry Mr. Auto Garage Man that you guys' didn't take 2 seconds to read the notes and now you have to fix your mistake. I understand that Wal-Mart is cheap and I also understand that people make mistakes, but to be so rude about it and not acknowledge the mistake or to think it is okay to just leave it, is simply unacceptable. I know that I am young and no nothing about car service or auto anything, but I do know the value of good customer service, and that is far from what I experienced here. I will not be going back to this auto-service and I will be urging others to do the same. I work at a driving school and so if ever anyone has an issue with their car I will certainly not refer them to this location.
4	It's not often that I get to go to Super Walmart but when I do I make sure to spend my money's worth!After getting a whole bunch of groceries I was happily shocked when the total was under $25... if we had gone to the grocery store everything we bought would have certainly been way more than that.The store is also super clean and super big, I'd probably go there everyday if I lived there, the savings cannot be beat!
5	There are days when I wake up feeling a bit down. It's hard to describe the low mood, but I think the best analogy would be a fleck of whale shit resting on the lowest part of the Continental Shelf. Not even depression meds help when this mood hits. I don't reach for my dad's 50 caliber Desert Eagle.And I don't sit around thinking up flamboyant ways to off myself that will make all my friends, like; "Wow dude, he really kissed himself with a fireplace poker?"Thinking this way accomplishes nothing, other than the good feelings I get fantasizing about the many millions who showed up at my funeral and are now so distraught their lives will be in upheaval forever.There's only one remedy for me. WalMart.WalMart is the place where I go for solace. To remind myself that I have all my teeth, I don't have a bubble-butt with a ledge (in yoga pants), that I know the difference between Armani and Martha Stewart, I can count without the aid of my digits, I don't breathe through my mouth, and I know enough to not wear a tie-dyed beater two sizes two small, exposing my midriff.If there was ever such thing as 'comfort food for the brain" this is it. God bless America and Sam Walton, his billionaire heirs and heiresses, and all the uber-losers who shop there and while doing so,  unknowingly recharge my self esteem batteries.Note:I don't mean to imply everyone who shops at WalMart is an uber loser. They're not. It's more akin to spotting a punch-buggy in traffic. They're there. You know they're there.You just need to scour the aisles until you find one....hitting self esteem gold.
5	Does that bad case of taco-butt have you rethinking your entire wiping strategy as you feverishly pick at your ass?Well hold on. Before changing your wiping habits, I'm going to share a little secret with you. White Cloud toilet paper. The only sure-fire cure for taco-butt that I know of, short of carrying a pouch of wet wipes, or a torn piece of wet flannel around with you.Yes, White Cloud is the answer to your dirty-starfish prayers. It even has you covered on those hungover Saturday mornings when mud-butt rules the day.One small problem however. You won't find White Cloud at your local grocer any longer.Not at Basha's.Or Fry's. Or Albertson's. Not even Walgreens or CVS...none of them.Know why?White Cloud sold the entire product line to WalMart. How genius a move was that? Or not. Maybe it was some savvy management exec at Walmart who reckoned that if White Cloud was the only cure (sans wet-wipes) for taco-butt, and WalMart owned the rights to White Cloud, then it's highly probable Walmart would capture the entire U.S taco-butt demographic. Fucking genius!Well hey WalMart, you'll be happy to know it worked. I now shop at WalMart for my White Cloud among other things. I have no idea how much it costs. I can only recommend it's cleaning power and how the term taco-butt will soon be exiting your lexicon for good.
4	Daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaang, their AC feels good here.
5	Nicest Walmart ever!  The Pharmacy is fabulous - clerks are all really friendly.  The pharmacists are friendly and knowledgable.  Sometimes the wait is a little long but it is worth it because of the amount of money you save.
3	Pretty fancy for a Walmart, but being sold out of frozen vegetables at noon on a Monday?  Poor form.  I'll stick to Happy Valley.
4	Great prices all around and a good section for ammo, rifles, etc. Prices for Ammo here are the best around. inexpensive but also good quality.
4	I do not love Walmart, as I am more of a Target gal myself.  However, when I was visiting my mum she told me we must go to this Walmart because it's actually nice.  Well of course, everything in Scottsdale is nice! And this Walmart doesn't disappoint.  It's probably the only Walmart I will go to --- and I live in LA.  It has groceries, pharmacy, and all kinds of cheapy clothes for the kids, toys, etc. Basically if you need it they will have it and it won't gross you out to visit!
3	This is perhaps the smallest Supercenter I have ever seen for Wal-mart.....and trust me I have been to several all across the country. The selection here is not great....and quite frankly when the Mcdonald's is more fancy than the actual store it is located in....that is a huge problem for me.....LOL. I also can't understand why it is directly competing with the Sam's Club which is in walking distance of the front door. I mean there are items cheaper at Wal-mart than at Sam's Club....but I mean if your shopping at either one it is not worth the time or effort to walk to one or the other to save a few pennies.....that's just nuts. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
2	I think the word "Wal*Mart" pretty much sums up every experience at Wal*Mart. There is just this expectation that you'll get cheap items at cheap prices and you'll have to deal with tons of people trying to do the same thing. This Wal*Mart is no different than the next. I initially came here because I heard Wal*Mart will scan photos and digitalize them in an easy manner - similar to a Kodiak machine (place 20 pictures in a feeder and they scan them with little effort). Boy, was I wrong. This Wal*Mart has a flatbed scanner that you have to lift up, place your photos down, hit the scan button, crop the photos manually, etc. I could have done this at home for free. Needless to say, I was very disappointed. (I've been to a different Wal*Mart that did have a Kodiak machine, I just assumed all of them did.)Since it was a rare occasion that I willingly wandered into a Wal*Mart, I decided to grab a few items so I wouldn't have to stop anywhere else on my way home. Finding anything in this maze was ridiculous! I wandered up and down a few times before I actually found the tortilla chips I wanted. Then checking out was a whole other "experience". I was fortunate enough to get to use the Express Lane (20 items or less). Express just means they'll knock 5 minutes off your wait time, not that it will take 5 minutes. As I was waiting, another express customer was arguing with the cashier over a bag of sugar. The customer in front of me had to ask what was going on. I shrugged and prayed the wait would soon be over. When it was, I vowed to never come back. I think we all know that is a lie, but it made me feel better.
1	Buyer Beware. Purchased DOPO tablet at walmart.com Plus the extended warranty. Tablet stopped working about 2 months after it arrived (didn't use it that much either). Then it took 3 months to get the return shipping label from the third party Walmart uses. A buddy who purchased a larger version of the same tablet had a similar situation; he ended up having to call 4 times to get the label sent to him. The third party then sent me a gift cirtificate that I couuld only use to purchase items at a Walmart store (according to the manager at the store). My buddy and I lately found other online options that are more reliable and trustworthy. What surprised me the most was the time needed to solve this issue, and how difficult they made it for me to get them to comply with their own warranty. I would like to give a negative star, but that option is not available. One star is very generous.
4	When I shop at WalMart, this is one of my favorite locations.  It's virtually always, clean, well-stocked and the associates are friendly and helpful.  Reliably good  service and  consistent product availability is very important to me and this store is virtually always right on target with both!Would get 5 stars but they did fumble my online "Site-to-Store" order last year...Check out my 5 star review of their Vision Center!5-27-14 Update - vision center not so great, have moved on.
3	Time for a review update.  This store is very convenient for us to do some last minute shopping when we need to pick up outdoor gear, household items, or random stuff you can't find in smaller stores.I wouldn't say we're regular patrons of this store, but we know that we can count on this place when we're looking for most items we can't find.It's not as busy as most Walmarts, so that's a big plus.  Also, they had some ammo here....but that didn't last long, it was gone in 1 day....but at least they had some.Will be back from time to time.Return Factor - 60%
3	Im not a regular walmart shopper, I dont like what they do for small business or their horrible customer service. However this location is open 24hrs and is convenient for me especially late night bc nothing is open late in north Scottdale and im sort of a night owl. IF YOU ALREADY KNOW WHAT YOUR GOING TO BUY AND HAVE ABSOLUTELY NO QUESTIONS SPECIFIC TO YOUR PRODUCT - then walmart is a convenient choice. As all walmarts their employees are idiots and lack the certain intelligence to obtain jobs elsewhere so dont expect to ask questions about ur products because nobody knows anything about anything. Not to mention the worst customer service in retail, just remember ur dealing with ignorant minded people with extremely low intelligence and education. Their selection is not ever premium so if ur looking to buy anything top shelf or real quality (especially electronics) then go to a specialty store (best buy, apple, frys, etc.) If ur looking for basic goods and you know exactly what u want then sure why not. I would honestly suggest that even so, if you have the time to go to different stores and shop for ur things that way, then do it. Its much more beneficial to the economy and especially small business. I really do try to avoid walmart but understandably you cant always. 3 stars for convenience, nothing else.
3	It's a pretty big Walmart. Has its own deli among other things, a Wetzel's Pretzels and a McDonalds. Plus this place is open 24 hours (not the deli and McDonald's). Classic Walmart prices as well.Not a bad place for Black Friday either. Everything mainstream is partitioned in the center aisles rather than their usual locations. Helps get the chaos over with quickly.
4	I feel a little like a "sell-out" for being a Walmart shopper as they have had multiple class-action lawsuits on wages as well as lots of bad publicity for poor wages, treatment of associates, and claims of not having a lot of female managers, etc.But... they DO have better prices than Target, I must say. This particular WallyWorld is very clean and well-stocked. But, I do try to do my shopping at 6 or 7 am. Why? Because this is when the stocking crew finishes as well as when the entire store is sparkly and not a lot of ppl shopping.Cashiers here are a hit or a miss. Depends on time of day. Some are crabby/disgruntled and barely look at me, some are very cheerful and seem to enjoy their job.
2	I am Wal-Mart shopper, for my soaps and shampoos and facial washes, etc.... I went to this one last night because it was closer to me and it was late at night, but man o man. The selection of hygiene products is horrible. They don't have the shampoos I needed, NO Neutrogena make up remover facial wash, NO Suave hair mouse.... should I go on??? The Best Wal-Mart is in Scottsdale on 101 & Frank Lloyd, their selection is amazing, otherwise just go to Target!!!!
3	Went here yesterday to go grocery shopping for food since I knew out of all grocery stores Walmart would have the cheapest of food, which was mostly all fruit for me. It is a Super Walmart which I knew of by seeing the signs outside of the stores and it actually was pretty big on the inside. I went around 1-1:30 and it was pretty busy. I didn't have trouble finding parking but didn't get a spot close as I would have hoped for.I mainly only came here for fruit and yogurt and had no troubles finding the fruit or yogurt. Although when it came to finding blackberries, blueberries and strawberries I could not find them at all anywhere. I ended up giving up and went straight to the yogurt but came back again hoping I somehow missed the area that they were in. A employee was in the way the whole time stalking them, only strawberries and blueberries. I guess Walmart doesn't carry blackberries? Weird. The blueberries only came in huge packets full which I definitely didn't need and was pretty pissed the didn't have small packages of blueberries. I got strawberries which came in a small (regular) sized packaging but after inspecting my first package I saw they had mold on them which is nasty and gross Walmart would be selling them. After all I probably won't be coming back here because I came hoping to get everything I needed and left with some things I needed but they did not carry at all in the store.
4	Can't go wrong with a Scottsdale Wal-Mart. It is cleaner then most stores and well organized.
4	I know some people avoid Walmart like the plague, but if you're going to go, this should be the one. This is definitely one of the cleanest Walmarts in the Valley.  The "fresh" produce is hit or miss. Sometimes I'll find the perfect fruit/veggie, other times they look battered & bruised. There's a hot foods & prepared foods case, which I've never visited. Large frozen foods section. For veg*ns, they have mostly Morningstar (if you must) products, with like 1 or 2 Boca products, a few Gardein options, and Amy's products. (Savvy shoppers note: these products are sometimes cheaper at Whole Foods. Gasp!)They're no Barnes & Noble, but they have a decent (for Wally World) book selection for YA & other readers as well.There is a pharmacy in the middle of the store. It's kind of a cramped little area. Not a whole lot of waiting or wiggle room. Also inside is a McDonald's, Wetzel's (sp?) Pretzels, bank, vision center, and beauty salon-type place (unsure if they provide hair services or just sell the products). It's typically well-organized. Some things seem to being perpetually under-stocked, such as the gallons of water. Are they evaporating? (As hot as it gets, I wouldn't doubt this theory.)The way the check-out lanes are manned is a bit baffling at times. To avoid the crazy crowds, I like to visit this 24hr location either very late at night, or at the crack of dawn. Large parking lot (so you can park in East Jesus to keep your vehicle ding-free from flying car doors & darting carts), half of which was repaved in July 2014.
2	I'm not a huge walmart fan as it goes but I have found this store to be in consistently good condition, very clean and well stocked. However I recently had a very poor experience with their customer service department and I was extremely disappointed in how rude and short they were with me. This experience left such a negative impression on me, I do not think I will be back.
5	This is my favorite Walmart in the Valley. They have always been pretty speedy in checking me out. I absolutely hate waiting in line. I'm elated about the new self checkout lines they just installed. The store is clean, and always well stocked. Partking is pretty reasonable too. A great place to pick up something quick, or putz around for an hour.
1	Really bad  customer service.On 1/08/15 me and my wife visited Walmart. Everything was fine until we got to the register where unpleasant& very rude cashier Sandy "helped" us.One of the items in our grocery cart was tangerines that she rang up at 0.58cents a piece (10 pieces total)where the correct price was 0.58cents per pound so after seeing the price for 10pieces of tangerines ($6.80cents)I brought up to her attention that the price was wrong so instead of her calling for a price check she went off on me and said :"well this is the price that they ring up" so I told her again that the price is wrong because it's per pound not per piece& I asked her to check the price herself which she just rolled her eyes and ignored it so at this point I told her that I don't want them anymore (there's a longer story to that but just trying to keep it short)We bought close to $200 in groceries and I wanted to do a multi payment and that's where she got very upset at me and my wife like that option wasn't allowed lol so I told her I want X amount on one card and the rest on the other card and she went off on me AGAIN.Me and my wife got literally shocked and confused as why she is making a problem for us to do a multi payment and was acting all crazy and rude to us and next thing I hear is her trying to call the manager on me lol  (I have to be honest tho- this is very first time ever that employee of a store tried to call the manager on me :D ) I shop at this Walmart for few years now and never had a problem before until today...Time to change Stores I guess because their employees at night shifts have some really nasty attitudes.
