4	This is a great lunch place.I have had lunch here a few times and it is always a positive experience. The wait staff are always friendly and courteous.  The food is probably just ok but the wait staff make up for it.  The food is typical American bar food.  Not hard to mess up.The restaurant is also very good for large parties.  There is plenty of room and they have the ability to move tables around to accommodate.I also thought the service was very speedy, allowing for a quick sit down lunch.
4	This is a great lunch place.I have had lunch here a few times and it is always a positive experience. The wait staff are always friendly and courteous.  The food is probably just ok but the wait staff make up for it.  The food is typical American bar food.  Not hard to mess up.The restaurant is also very good for large parties.  There is plenty of room and they have the ability to move tables around to accommodate.I also thought the service was very speedy, allowing for a quick sit down lunch.I would suggest this place for lunch hands down.
3	I have been through many name changes for this restaurant this location was previously the Euro Cafe and then Damon's and now Pittsburgh Grille.  That's a lot to keep track of no matter what the name one thing is for sure the bartenders are great.  The price for beer is very reasonable and the bar is very spacious and has floor to ceiling widows on both sides which makes it very open and nice. It's just okay because it's a sports bar and the food is expensive. It's a nice place to have a couple of cold ones but not much else.
1	This establishment leaves A LOT to be desired. Table service is extremely poor. Visited on 8/23/13 for a retirement party in the back room where 1 server was assigned to handle the entire room (30+ people) while her apparent sidekick was wiping down televisions. Waited 30 minutes for a drink order from the bar and 45 minutes for mediocre, COLD food. If you are drinking alcoholic beverages, you are far better off getting up and going to the bar yourself. I didn't bother complaining because I simply didn't have the time after waiting so long - and if I did, I didn't feel like waiting for a manager when they probably could care less. This place has great potential, but unfortunately it's a waste -- which is a sign of poor management decisions. Just shut the doors now and save yourselves the trouble. So many better choices downtown than this toilet.
3	Have stopped here a few times for a bite before the Pens game.  I don't know.  This place seems to be declining in quality.  The service is great but the ingredients they've used the past few visits ... Not so much.My wife and I both had salads.  The chicken and shrimp were ok, but the lettuce was a little old looming and the tomatoes?  No comment.This place is ok for the pre game libations but I probably not plan a dinner here.  It's quick and convenient, but lacks a little in quality.
1	This place is terrible.  I hope it closes and a good bar/restaurant goes in.  Please stop eating/drinking at this establishment.
2	Wife was told over the phone they had gluten free options. The items the guy mentions couldn't be found. Wait staff had no idea and we're quite rude. One guest had to wait extra long for her good then asked for mayo. It was slammed on the table in a huff.  Bad day in dodge I guess.
2	Two stars and well deserved. The food is straight from the freezer to the fryer to the plate. Everything here is obviously prepared or processed offsite, assembled or heated up in the kitchen and sent out. The front house staff is efficient and friendly. The product they are asked to serve is poor.
4	I really didn't think this place was all that bad. Good variety of seasonal draft beer, decent service and food was above average. I'd go again for lunch. Tons of televisions with plenty of sports on. I spent $31 on boneless wings, two 20 oz craft beers and an appetizer. See pic of wings below.
2	Yikes! This is my first and last time here. It's obvious that no one has put a dime into this esstablishment in years. Everything down to the chairs and bar counter are old and worn. I can't comment on the food, but the bar selection seems decent although I'm sipping on an awful pinot noir at the moment.I will not be returning.1 star for cost1 star for being located in the Steel Building
