5	I had written a review regarding this establishment before but for some unknown reason, it was eventually removed from Yelp.  Maybe by one of the compeditors?I started going to Caffe Gelato  at Boca Park ever since it opened and I highly recommend this place to everyone.They have excellent customer service.  The owners are there all the time and treat their customers like family.  Every time I go in, they remember what flavor I always order "Bubblegum".  The owners give this business a very personal touch.  This place has repeat customers all the time which tells you something about them.  They are awesome.  They have so many flavors to chose from that it's very diffucult to decide.  And they are more than willing to have you try any new flavor.  I can't say enough good things about Caffe Gelato at Boca Park so you will just have to see for yourself.The owner is from Italy so he knows about "Real Gelato".FYI---"This is REAL GELATO"!  One reviewer doesn't know what she's talking about.*********THUMBS WAY UP FOR CAFFE GELATO @ BOCA PARK!*******
1	Went here after lunch at the sushi place next door, and cannot understand the good ratings.This is NOT real gelato. It's like a real gelato place because it has a lot of flavors, but the actual product tastes like standard ice cream and was missing the light creamy texture of the real thing. Thumbs way down. I could have gone to a Ben and Jerry's instead.
5	ViVido Gelato at Boca Park is the best Gelato Cafe in town.  I've been to other places.  The variety is unbelievable, the atmosphere and service is the best.  This business is NOT related to the Caffe Gelato on the strip.  The owners are so sweet.  I've referred several people here and they won't go anywhere else now.  Trust me, the only down fall is deciding on a flavor before they close.  My favorite happens to be bubblegum but all the flavors are so out of this world. I'm always making a Gelato run to Boca Park.  It's my treat after a long week at work.  Trust me THIS IS REAL GELATO!!!  Anyone who says otherwise, doesn't know what they are talking about.Note to self,  the owner of this place is from Italy, don't you think he knows about "REAL GELATO"?THUMBS WAY UP FOR VIVIDO GELATO!!!!!!
5	There's only one place to find real gelato in Vegas and it's not at the Bellagio, Wynn, Caesars or the Venetian (weird they can bring in authentic gondoliers but try and pass off regular ice cream as gelato?) Tons of flavors, friendly owners and real delicious gelato...what else is there to say?
3	2 1/2 Stars.After my Daughter's workday, she wanted some Latte at a place in Boca Park.... Wow! Was this place crowded at around 5pm. Stressful work days in Las Vegas, I guess. Didn't want to compete with the crowds during Happy Hour, so we went "off the mall"... Happened upon this "hole in the wall" Gelato place with no one parked in front. Let's try it out...$4.55 for a SMALL Cup of Gelato about three inches in diameter, about two inches high... At least the owner didn't try to level off the scoops of Gelato.Wow! Is this place pricey? (Yeoww! Hurts the wallet....)As many reviewers have commented on, the Gelato at Vivido Gelato is more like Frozen Ice Cream rather than traditional Gelato.... and the main reason for that is the lack of customers here in this smallish strip mall. Most do not realize that (real) Gelato would have to be disposed of if not consumed in a couple, three days... that's the reason for the limited and small volume production of Gelato... the real kind that is. Looks like the Owner, though Italian, has to produce his Gelato this way to save on waste.Unfortunately, until there is more customer traffic, his present clientele will not be the beneficiary of the "real stuff". Liked the "different" piped-in Italian popular music in the background... "real" Italian...
4	Let's be honest. People have all sorts of ideas about how gelato ought to be, the texture and the taste. Having travelled to Italy - the type of gelati differs from even region to region. But the essential question remains... does it taste good?This gelato doesn't taste like the gelati I remember growing up. No, the stuff I grew up with was lighter stuff that you could scarf down large amounts of (my sister said that the stuff we had back home is close to the types of gelati you find in Florence). Nonetheless, even though this frozen dessert is not like the gelati I remember, it is still very good.  Being closer to ice cream consistency, this gelati has more a creamy and rich texture. They have an assortment of older favourites (like hazelnut, pistachio, chocolate) and some more innovative flavours (like green tea, kalua banana). Having gone many times, they do rotate flavours. Some people are upset because a small serving size isn't cheap. That is true. Back home (in Canada), a $5 gelati could easily serve 3 or 2 very hungry people. However, that being said, I find that I can't eat too much of Vivido's because it is richer. One way to make it a little less painful on your wallet is to order a quart to go (which we normally do) and eat it at home. They have really great styrofoam containers that keep the frozen treat nice and cold.
5	Used to work for sean and manessa who own Vivido Gelato. nice people really caring about their employees and very fair. There were so many flavors, I didnt even get to try them all myself!
4	This place was a pleasant surprise! The outside of the business looks mediocre but on the inside it's elegant and inviting. It had good ambiance with Michael Buble playing in the back round . I usually take my desserts to go but it's really comfy inside so we ate there. My husband had the Banana Split Gelato which tasted just like a Banana Split! I had the Watermelon Sorbet and the Strawberry Chocolate Gelato which was yummy! The colors of all the Gelato are so vibrant and lush looking I know I will be back to try more!
2	I was really turned off when I walked in the door and was told "We offer two complimentary samples." This is so cheap, and tacky, when you are paying this price for gelato. I could understand saying that if a bunch of kids walked in from high school, day after day, getting free samples, but not to every paying customer walking through the door. The Coconut I enjoyed, but the next time I decided to try the coconut almond fudge, and it was about 50 percent fudge. I couldn't eat most of it, and I ended up throwing away a large part of it. It's too bad that I couldn't try more samples to see what I would like. I keep wanting to go back, but I remember how ticked I'm going to be when they say that, and I just can't bring myself to take my business here.
4	Very delicious! Nice decor, friendly service, must stop by
5	Awesome local Gelato place.  Flavors are really diverse, and quality was great!!!!
5	Wow! I'm really surprised! So many places are selling 'Ice Cream' now and calling it 'Gelato'...this is truly GELATO!!! I'm so happy to have found this place!
5	I love small gelato places that serve coffee.  These guys are next to a cigar bar and personally I like the smell of cigars.  Nothing gives one roman flashbacks like yummy gelato and tobacco.  I should take a star off because they are too close to work to make dieting easy!
4	I went to Vivido Gelato over the weekend, and it was my first time having gelato since I was in Italy a couple of years ago.  I got a small cup of the swiss chocolate and my friend got a small cup of the tiramisu gelato.  One reviewer who posted back in May 2010 said that a small cup of gelato cost $4.55.  Either Vivido has lowered their prices since then, or that review was misleading.  The small cups are $3.55 each, and the mediums are $4.55, and the small serving is quite sufficient for a normal human being.  As far as I'm concerned, anyone who consumes a medium or large serving in one sitting is committing the sin of gluttony.  It's an ugly sin, and nothing to gloat about.We decided to sit and enjoy our gelato in the small lobby, while the two other parties of customers took theirs to go.  Although I cannot say it was the best gelato I've ever tasted, I thought it was very delicious and worth coming for.  When the party with children left, our server came out from behind the counter with a bottle of Windex and wiped the fresh hand smudges from the window glass in front of the gelato.  Then the manager came over to our table to make sure we were happy and satisfied.  Located in the Boca Park shopping center, Vivido has a lot going for it.  It has a large selection of flavors, several size options, including by the pint or quart if you want to take some home with you.  It also serves coffee, although I didn't try any.  The service was friendly, the prices not unreasonable, and the establishment is very well maintained.  The employees are meticulous about keeping the window glass clean and smudge-free, and the chairs, tables and floors spotless. I will definitely be back to try other flavors and maybe some of their coffee.
5	This place is SO CUTE! The shop is new and VERY clean. The girl was so nice and even let us each have two free samples. There is a HUGE variety and I couldn't believe all of the fancy flavors! It was the best gelato I have ever had and the price was appropriate. I am so happy we found this place. Wonderful!
4	Great place to have some gelato and a cup of coffee!They offer a great selection of flavors and their waffle cones are great! Samples are offered by the friendly employees who will also offer helpful suggestions so that you can find the perfect gelato for you!Check it out if you're ever nearby!
4	This place is pretty good. They have a lot of flavors to choose from. They tell you right when you step in the door that you can only sample 2 flavors. Not classy. Also, every time I go there the owner is sitting outside glaring at you when you walk in. This has happened to me on 3 different occasions. Not the most friendly, but good gelato!
4	Rex must start off by apologizing for his long absence from the world of yelp. No, it has nothing to do with the fact that Rex's reviews are widely read and praised but can never get review of the day. Oh no. I am the Susan Lucci of Review Of The Day...we are both angry whores who are aging poorly.  No...embrace my underdog status...unfortunately I spent some time in lovely Nevada state sponsored forced overnight housing.  Apparently running into a pre-school and screaming "forget your Halloween costumes the world is going to end and most of you look like you are going to hell!" is considered inappropriate by some more provincial parents. Then Rex screamed "hell" for 93 minutes straight until the police came and forced his pants back on while muzzling him. It was humiliating. How dare they treat those 4 and 5 years olds so poorly. They need to know the truth. The rapture is coming in October and they are all going to be gone!  But while we are here we need to know about some Heaven on Earth......Vivido Gelato. Vivido Gelato is much better than the Gelato we made in forced overnight housing.  Granted that was made of frozen ammonia, cool aid, and two sugar packets.  Much better. Sure our "gelato" would get you so high that you would hallucinate. Rex once saw Ethel Merman making out with Raymond Burr...or it might have been fat Orsen Welles...or a bear with propecia.  It was loving and tender...until Ethel ate the Burr/Welles/balding bear.  To be fair she looked happy. So Rex, who is a friend of all things cow...just friends...not like those guys in the Deep South.  One of the best cow related dishes is gelato.  Ah gelato. Not much better in this life. Sure you could think of Melanie Griffith doing a reverse cowgirl on you (so you don't have to see her face), hiring two hundred 8 year olds to mine for diamonds in Zimbabwe or holding a fried banana sandwich and a bottle of pills in front of Brittney Spears (or Elvis) from my window while driving at 10mph.  Those are great things, great joys in anyone's life.  Gelato is up there.Discovering Vivido Gelato was a revelation.  The flavor profiles are terrific.  Rex got three scoops for about 8 bucks. Expensive. Yes. Rex picked three amazing flavors that went well together. Tiramisu...Nutella...and the greatest flavor ever...Turkish Coffee. The Turkish Coffee is just brilliant. It is so good it is hard to even describe...but Rex will give it a shot.  Imagine the feeling of being in a rubber suit with a ball gag in your mouth and being whipped with a Bullock Whip while two Cambodian women suck on your toes and a midge punches you in the calf muscle...almost that good! The argument on yelp is that isn't real gelato. Some called it ice cream. Well, who the hell cares? It is amazing. Unless you have been to Italy you aren't going to get great gelato...and you might disagree but that is only because you haven't been to Italy. Rex spent 2 days there when in the Merchant Marines.  Three things Rex can tell you three things about Italy...amazing gelato, too much Limoncello and dancing naked in a fountain seems like a good idea, and Sofia Milos is hot but all that Zenu talk is a real downer.Whatever Vivido serves...gelato or ice cream...it is damn good. Enjoy it for what it is. Much like Rex, call it what you want, call him want you want...you will love us...you will dream about us...and we will take large amounts of your money for our goodness. You will miss us...eat the gelato...but Rex isn't coming back...and he already sold your TV.
4	Many choices of gelato's service is great, the place is great. A bit expensive but worth the money. Would recommend the gelato's and are way better in quality compared to the gelato's on the strip.
5	Decadent, rich, gluttonous, and bold are some adjectives to describe the gelati in this shop. The service was welcoming and inviting. From the moment I walked in, they greeted and offered to give me a sample of anything. Unlike other places that are stingy with their tastings, the girl warmly gave me a second spoon without hesitation. Although they had a plethora of flavors, I limited myself in testing their kindness. Do not let those cups fool you, the small is not as small as you think it is. Gelato is dense and that size was more than enough. Instead of going for my safe bets, I went for the German chocolate cake. The full bodied chocolate base has brownie bites, coconut, and pecans mixed in and then drizzled with caramel. If you love the baked good form, this is perfect recreation. I was full half way, but then finished it.
5	Hands down, best gelato in Las Vegas. I went to Northern Italy for two weeks, and I missed this place. The consistency of their product, a plethora of flavors, and great price: size ratio is the perfect mix for success. The owners are usually onsite, and they are very friendly...give that old Vegas feel.
5	WARNING! this place is extremely decadent, it may cause weight gain :) Having been in Rome in the past I have to say that this place has the closest thing to Gelato, that being said keep in mind that if you call it "ice cream" it will be the best you will ever have or if you call it "Gelato" it will be the best Gelato you will have in the states :) It is on the pricey side but well worth every penny, with many flavors to choose from you will find yourself staring and deciding for a few minutes, they do offer a couple of free tastes (don't get greedy a couple is enough) when you decide on a flavor you will find that they taste exactly like the name suggests. The establishment is clean, modern and welcoming with a quasi European American feel....the only thing I wish for is that they loosened up a little, the owner is a little stickler and keeps his employees from a little chit chat... but who cares! the Gelato/Ice cream is awesome!!!
2	I hate to be a negative nancy but I am not impressed with Vivido Gelato. I will say that it is better than an ice cream parlor, but it is nowhere near other gelatos I've had. The flavors I've tried so far are usually bland or just not tasty. My recommendation for good gelato is Sambalatte, located in the same parking lot. Although Sambalatte only has a few flavors they are top notch, much closer to the genuine Italian gelato.
4	Excellent gelato and selection of flavors. Although I'm no gelato expert. A little pricey at $2.95 for a baby size (1 flavor/scoop), $4.75 for a medium (two flavors). Creamy, smooth, and dense texture, but it melts fast. Grab plenty of napkins. The staff said all flavors are made locally.
4	An ice-cream (I mean, gelato) shop this good probably increases property values in the area. Love the molten chocolate cake flavor and the coffee / cappuccino flavors. The quality and quantity of the chunky stuff they put in the gelato here is above and beyond the best you've seen. Every single bite of gelato has some kind of morsel or chunk in it, unless of course you get sorbet or some other plain flavor. The mint chocolate chip here will redefine the flavor for you. Very rich and decadent.The servers can be hesitant to offer you more than 2 samples of flavors, so choose your samples wisely! A must-try if you are on the West side. Hot-rod / chopper friendly parking spots right in front of the storefront windows, too.
5	We love this place. The gelato is wonderful. The location is clean and bright. The girls working tonight were friendly and made us feel welcome...tthanks
4	delicious and amazing--some of the best gelato I've ever had! they have an amazing selection of flavors but limit you to 3 samples (hence the 4 stars instead of 5--generosity breeds generosity!) highly recommend it though.  we went there after a solid hike at red rocks and felt like we deserved a treat (not too far of a drive).
4	I've only gone with Pistachio because it's my favorite flavor, and it was delicious so why wouldn't everything else be just as tastey?!
4	Wow!    Never mind brain freeze headache, just trying to figure out  which flavor to get left me with a headache.    Everything looked so good, after a few minutes I finally decided to go with creme brulee and molten chocolate.      They do offer 2 samples , but I declined figuring they all looked good and I would just confuse myself .      The creme brulee was my favorite , nice chunks of caramelized sugar gave it a nice crunch and brule flavor.     Molten chocolate was no slouch.  Very rich chocolate flavor.      I can't get over the different flavor's, I think banana fosters and strawberry cheesecake will be my choices on my next visit .           Service was fine , the only knock I have is it's a little spendy , 2 scoops for  about $5 and some change, but maybe I'm just cheap.
5	This place is super swanky inside.  They offer 48 tantalizing flavors!!!  The flavors I've tried, creme brulee, caramel pistachio, dark chocolate hazelnut and butter pecan, have all been absolutely delightful.They offer samples so you can make up your mind.  They also offer coffee, crepes, and other scrumptious treats besides gelato.  A real winner!! Perfy for a sweet date, a chat with girlfriends, a hot summer day, or a craving!
2	I remember coming here one time to grab a snack before I went to the Train concert a while back. I also remembered that there was a huge selection of gelato and it was decent. This time that I went there, I did not leave with a good review in mind. Since there are two cases of gelato instead of one, I asked the gelato girl if the other case had the same flavors or different flavors. "I don't know why we would have two cases of the same flavor," she replied coldly. Wow! I was just asking! By the way, many ice cream shops have two cases with the same flavors. That was an unexpected response for such a simple question. I'm sure you answer this question all the time, but IT'S YOUR JOB! I just went for the creme brulee since that's usually my favorite dessert. The gelato itself wasn't bad. The sugar chunks in it were unappetizing. I wouldn't mind if there were a couple, but my gelato was filled with two or three per bite. That distracted me from the flavor of the gelato. I sampled the watermelon sorbetto and I knew it had been sitting there for quite a while. The ice in fresh sorbetto, as well as gelato, should be smooth and melt the second it hits your tongue. This sorbetto was chunky and old. This place fell short of my expectations.
4	A different type of ice cream, Gelato is more dense, has less fat and is served slightly warmer than ice cream so it melts easily.  There were too many flavors to choose from!They do offer samples, and at last I stuck with my usual, a dark rich chocolate, but from the tasting, know I'll be back to try others.Clean, cute, and courteous, this shop is easily accessible and near me, it will be part of my regular places.
4	I can't believe I've been frequenting Boca Park for so long and never stepped inside this place right in my own neighborhood.  Not your typical ice cream joint because it's not ice cream--it's gelato!  The place was totally empty tonight at 7:30pm and that's just not right because there are plenty of flavors to choose from and the kind, friendly lady behind the counter offered us two free tastes.  I tried Red Velvet and Strawberry Chip, choosing the latter.  Yes, gelato is pricier, but it's delicious stuff.  This place has great ambiance, with marble-topped tables and plush seating--swanky digs to enjoy your dessert.  If you ever want to indulge your sweet tooth and change things up a bit,  give Vivido a try--I'll be back, too!
5	I have been to just about all the gelato places in town and this is my favorite. 48 flavors to choose from and a friendly staff. This time had the Triple chocolate fudge and the molten lava cake. What a great combination and tatse. I will be back again soon.
5	We love this place. The flavors are amazing and It is sparkling clean. I great little secret spot in Boca Park.
5	Best  gelato in Vegas, great variety and cool flavors. A real gem in " almost every thing is a chain store in  Las Vegas"  You will be sorry if you miss this place.
5	Pistachio gelato.....simply superb.  Nice atmosphere and not your typical Las Vegas chain.  Vivido is dominant.
4	Tooo many great  flavors to choose from!  Good service and not terribly over priced.  I always rate gelato by the coconut flavor ( my favorite) and unfortunately it was not as light or creamy as I like.  The belgian chocolate was very good thought.  I will return.
2	If I were going by flavor selection, this place is 4 stars.  There are tons of choices from the fruity and sweet to the rich and chocolaty.  The big pieces of hazelnut and pistachio are a nice touch.But I can't go off of flavor selection alone.  The consistency of the gelato is thick and gummy and doesn't melt like a gelato should.  The first time I tried them was in the winter and I assumed the gelato was just old since most people don't get frozen desserts when it's cold outside.  However, I went back a few weeks ago and the consistency was the same.  In fact, I didn't finish my gelato because it was too gummy.  If you knew me and how obsessed with chocolate I am, you would have started asking me simple math problems to make sure I wasn't delirious.I'm sorry, it seems like this place is well loved but it's just not for me.
5	We went here right before they were closing (the hours posted on yelp did not match the ones on the door)...so it was about 9:15 on a week night.First off, the parking lot at Boca Park it just a little weird to navigate sometimes if you don't know exactly where you are going. And, where Vivido is located, you can only get in and out one way because at the end where the new taco place is was all roped off. So, that was kind of a pain, but NOT Vivido's fault.As stated by other yelpers, it is REALLY hard to decide on a flavor!! There are lots t choose from and they all look so creamy and delicious in the cases. I would literally need to spend a full day sampling or go back a dozen times to know off all the ones I added to my gelato bucket list. I'm opting for the bucket list option.Anyway, I settled on the caramel banana foster & was immediately angry with myself for not choosing the Turkish Espresso flavor. My husband got the chocolate cookie dough. The chocolate cookie dough was fabulous...like a really good strong REAL chocolate flavor. My banana was delicious, but I just wanted a stronger banana taste and maybe some frozen banana chunks. A- for mine, A+ for his.There are 4 size choices to choose from: baby, small, med, large. I got the baby and he got the small, and it came to around $10. A little pricey, but soooo goood!! They, also, have a few tables outside.I really recommend you check this place out!!
5	A  very tantalizing, bright and clean gelato shop in a major shopping area on Charleston and near Rampart Avenue.  I really like the variety of flavors and the people here.  As someone who really loves frozen treats, Vivaldo Gelato is a really good option in Las Vegas.  Definitely recommended if you want a cool treat in the summer heat!
5	Oh Heck Yes!It's not just Gelato. It's 2+ large coolers full of sheer bliss that you can sample without any attitude from the great staff members who offer service with a smile. The Turkish Coffee is a flavor unlike anything I've ever had...and worth asking for a sample of. They have Ice Cream AND Gelato and their offerings range from the simple vanilla and various chocolate varieties to the complex, take it slow and enjoy the experience options. Their hand made cones didn't crumble with the first bite unlike some other places I've been, and the gelato was packed in so I didn't end up with a half empty cone either. Vivido is a special find and a place I look forward to going back to. While it won't replace my Chocolate Flake Fromage from Murray's in Kansas City, Vivido definitely has what it takes to satisfy my sweet tooth. 5 Stars...and a recommendation to give them a try! You can't go wrong here.
4	Good gelato!Their gelato is not as smooth as my favorite gelato spot in Arizona, but they made up for it by having TONS of flavors. Seasonal stuff, classics, and some just plain creative ones.I'd get dessert here again if I was in town.
2	Ew. This place isn't even run by Italians. The gelato portions are huge, but are they like gelati from Italy? Hell no. They have some cool flavors, but if you're looking for authenticity, your best bet is the visit the gelato shop by the pool at Bellagio. So far, they're the best albeit not the cheapest.If you are in the Boca Park area and insist on having gelato, this place could satisfy your craving. But next time, I'd much rather force myself into a macaron mood and waltz over to Sambalatte for a quality dessert.
5	best gelato i ever had
5	I am in love. The amount of gelato provided here is absolutely unbelievable. Every flavor you can imagine is laid out in front of you in a display of frozen glory. The staff is incredibly friendly and allow you to taste until your hears desire! The tira misu actually brought tears to my eyes and the pistachio packed a flavorful punch. My husband settled on the red velvet (which was so very predictable). They also provide cakes, shakes and even a gelato rootbeer float!We will absolutely be back - this is a new favorite spot for us :D
3	This place is just okay. It's a little pricey, but the gelato is good. They let you sample however many you want. I only sampled 2 before I made my choice, but my friend was a bit more picky and had to sample half the freaking choices before she made hers. The lady working the counter was patient enough to meet the needs of my friend, but I don't think she was helpful enough in describing the flavors.However, be warned about getting the selections on the end of the display, I got the green tea and it was practically half way melted when she handed it to me. They should figure out a more efficient way to keep ALL the gelato cold.Also, the owner is a freaking dick. We were sitting there eating our gelato, and he comes out and snaps at his employee about something. We couldn't hear what, but his employees totally take on a different demeanor when he's around. They don't make eye contact with him and they scuffle about like they're in a hurry to get away from him. I understand an owner and a boss have to be strict when it comes to certain things, but damn dude if you're going to reprimand your people, do it in the back out of the eyesight of the customers. And maybe your employees would deliver better service if they didn't hate working for you so much.
3	This place has a crap ton of flavors to choose from, but sadly, not all are good. I'm a huge fan of coconut, and when I tried theirs I was surprised to taste not the usual 'I'M A COCONUT' but something that tasted more like coconut water. Which is cool, but I hate coconut water. So I passed on that one, and moved to the Nutella flavor. Eh, kinda hazelnutty...then the rum and cookies which was waaay rummy. I settled on a coconut almond chocolate one that was fantastic, but I did have to got through like five others to find it.Prices are a bit steep, but this is Summerlin so you have to expect that.
4	I like food
5	There has been a change of ownership and the new owners are very friendly and talkative. Still maintaining the great Gelato taste in their product.
5	Huge selection of flavors to chose from. I had the key lime pie, and strawberry cheesecake. Both were Dalish! The key lime was extremely tart, but creamy and with chunks of gram cracker crust, it was perfect! There are a couple tables and chairs both inside and out to sit and chat while enjoying your gelato!
5	I know gelato is not really ice cream, but this is the best ice cream in town.
5	Best gelato ever! Wide variety flavors will satisfy even most particular folks. They also serve sugar free gelato. Excellent customer service. Nice and clean establishment. Definitely recommending to everyone!
4	My little sweeties and I came here last night after Tivoli and got our gelato on!This location is very nice and clean, its in Boca Park and has outdoor seating. The owners are also very sweet and let you sample some of the delicious gelato! The prices are pretty reasonable and I believe its an extra dollar for a waffle cone.I opted for the nutella gelato, my son got the double chocolate, and boo got the vanilla. Everyone was soooo pleased with the texture and taste of the gelato! The fill up the small cup super high, so its def worth the money!Go give them a try!
4	Tried this place today.  It was amazing. The people were nice and very helpful.  There were not that many flavors bit they had just had the fridge go out. I would go there again !
2	It's a cute little shop with a few tables inside and outside. Looks pretty clean with a large selection of gelato flavors. Don't just look at the first display case facing the entrance, the other side is also full of flavor choices. I would say come here for the gelato but skip the crepes. Definitely not impressed with the crepes. Meh. The gelato melts really fast. The consistency is a bit different than gelato I'm used to eating. It was semi melting so I can fully comment on texture. I tried the creme brulee and butter pecan flavors. The creme brulee is a bit too sweet for my taste. I love creme brulee but I couldn't finish. The butter pecan had nice large chunks of pecan pieces and taste pretty good. The crepe is obviously not their specialty. It was somewhat too eggy and unevenly cooked. The fillings were a bit too sweet. Presentation is unimpressive. Would I come here again? Possibly for their gelato if I happen to be in the area.
5	This place is located at Boca Park!!  It's very hard to decide which flavors to get its to many of them. The gelato portions are huge!!They deserve 5 stars and definitely a recommendation to give a try you can't go wrong here!! They also have a good choice  of caffe, one i try was espresso shot with scoop of Nutella gelato, they call that Affogato!! Next time i have to try the crepes :)
5	Pros: - many flavors to choose from- it tastes like homemade- every flavor that I have tried is very good. Some are excellent. (Note: If you like super-sweet desserts, then this is the place for you.)- friendly staff, good service- clean Cons:- kind of expensive. I always want to try 2 new flavors in a cup and it costs almost $6. BUT it is worth it to me every once in a while.
5	One of the better gelato places in town. Great flavors, quality and plenty of choices.
5	I've never been to Italy, but this place has some amazing Italian Gelato! I would recommend it to anyone
3	This place was a pleasant surprise- stopped by on a whim, originally intending to go to the new Yogurtland in the area. Thought gelato would be even better.Went in to a vacant store at 830PM, line was out the door by the time I left ten minutes later. Guess I started something!This place has TWO cases full of amazing-sounding flavors. I sampled only three: the Turkish coffee (containing grains of actual coffee!), the cream puff (sweet and creamy without being sugary), and the dark chocolate peanut butter (super rich but no actual PB taste- but still intensely good). They were all amazing. To the point that instead of getting a tiny size with one flavor, I got a large with all three.
4	Very good flavors and a huge selection.  Espresso also available as well as gelato shakes.  Convenient location from my home and ample parking.
1	I should have turned and ran when I saw the employees outside smoking cigarettes, but my gelato craving enticed me to give it a try. I began scanning the flavors to see which I would like to try and was approached by the employee. I asked if she would wash her hands before serving me my samples and with a stank face she said she would. After trying two samples, I was already disturbed by the unfriendly attitude I was receiving. My friend had already decided on getting a medium , so I decided to get a small of the flavor that I did enjoy. Since we had just eaten dinner, we got the ice cream to go and  asked the employer if she had ice to package with our gelato. She crammed lids onto the top of the cups which oozed gelato all over the side. I had a bad feeling about the outcome of this packaging, but was ready to get my gelato and go. She filled a bag with ice and put the two gelatos in the bag. My friend and I got home and were livid to find that the lids had fallen off and the gelato had melted all over the ice-filled bag. We called to complain and the owner told us the only way we could get a refund was if we came back to the store. With melted gelato in hand, we headed twenty minutes back to the shop, showed the owner the bag, and got a cash refund. We will never return.
1	I was having trouble finding Vivido so I gave them a call and no one answered. I ended up finding it and when I pulled up the owner and another female employee were sitting outside smoking a cigarette. Upon entering the employee asked us what samples we wanted before washing her hands. My friend and I asked if she would please wash her hands before serving us and from this point forward she was cold towards us. After sampling two flavors the lady said only two samples per person because this is the policy of the owner. This is not only tacky but it shows no level of customer service. As a business owner if you are passionate about your product you should willing to give out samples because you will be rewarded with loyal customers. I ended up ordering a medium half strawberry cheesecake and half cookie dough. My friend ordered a small molten chocolate cake. The female employee preparing my order packaged the gelato in a sloppy way so when she put the lid on the gelato was dripping off the side. She also put ice straight into the bag which caused it to leak in my car. When I got home I looked into the bag and the gelato was all over the bag mixed with the ice. The employee did not put the lids on properly. I could not eat the gelato so I called back for a refund. The female owner had a hard time understanding me and said to talk to her husband. Even though I live far I was forced to drive all the way back. Once there, the male owner was very argumentative with me and said this happens sometimes. When I asked for a refund he just stared at me with a bewildered look. He finally gave me back my refund after causing a scene with other customers in the store. 0 stars for non existent customer service.
5	There is such a big variety of flavors, and i ALWAYS have great costumer service! they have places to sit inside and out, and the store has a very comfortable environment. Whether i am helped by the owners or one of the employees i always have a great experience! you should definitely try vivido!
5	Small little shop that can be easily missed if you're not looking for it, which might be a good thing since you'd be miserable if you knew what you missed out on.The Gelato is the closest I've found in town to the one I grew up with in Italy. Consistency and taste are spot on.They have plenty of flavors to try...but please bring back the Kahlua Banana!Can get a bit pricey but you don't need the ColdStone Love it size to fulfill that Gelato craving.
3	I really like the Gelato I tried. I think the name was Rum and cookies. My fave in Vegas so far, including the one near the Bellagio pool that another yelper mentioned. I liked this better but it could've just been the flavor. The customer service was bad. The lady behind the counter looked annoyed and was rude. Although I made my decision after only two samples I do agree with other yelpers that it's tacky to only offer two samples. I paid $5 and change for a small one scoop sugar cone, for that price I would hope they would offer more than two samples. I will be back if I'm in the area.
5	I like this place. We went there once for a treat for the kids, ended up talking to the owner ling after closing hours. Then last night I called him twice he offered to keep the place open, after 9 and gave me a huge discount since I had ,4 ,adults and 9 kids for my kids birthday party, he eben gave my kid a free cone and pictures with their icecream cone. We had a blast.
