5	Best dental experience possible from a person who fears a dental office.  The receptionist was so pleasant and welcoming.  The office wait was only a few minutes.  The dentist was warm, concerned, attentive and made it clear that he cared  about the patient's experience.    He patiently listened to my concerns regarding my painful TMJ and the bad experiences I had in the past with dental treatments.   I explained that I would have to wait a few months for a new night guard due to finances. He told me to take back the coupon I had brought in for $50 off to use in the future when I could afford a night guard.      Then he examined the fit of an OLD night guard I brought with me made by  another dentist more than ten years ago (no longer fit). He took it  into his lab, right then, and reshaped it to fit my mouth to use temporarily.  He did all this free of charge and even told me to take the introductory coupon back (which is how I heard about him) to use when I could come back for a new night guard.    One last thing, the man I met in the waiting room had had all his teeth pulled and dentures made with Dr. Cherrington and had rave reviews.  I will never have to fear the dentist again because I will only go to Dr Cherrington.
5	Best Dentist in Las Vegas. Listens and cares about his patients. My married children and my wife and I all go to him for our dental needs.
5	Dr. Cherrington is great!  I'm new to the area and was looking for a local dentist, but wanted someone with warmth, understanding, and compassion.  One appointment with Dr. Cherrington was enough to convince me- he's a really great guy, and very concerned about his patient's comfort.
5	Dr Cherrington is great.  He has a clean office and a caring demeanor.   He is definitely my local dentist from now on.
5	Dr. Cherrington is the best dentist I have been to in Las Vegas, and I have been through quite a few.  He takes his time with you and is very personable.  I also appreciate that he is not quick to push extra procedures on me like at some other offices I have been.  The staff was very friendly as well.  I think I've finally found our new family dentist.
5	As Good an Experience as a Dentist Visit Can Be! I moved to Vegas almost two years ago, and have been driving back to California every six months for my dental cleanings. I had the same dentist for thirty years, so I was prolonging the separation anxiety. Figuring that I'm here to stay, I sought a dentist close to my house. Good Yelp reviews, and a great Yelp discount offer made me give Cherrington Dental a try. The staff was friendly, knowledgeable and professional. The office/exam rooms were clean with modern equipment. Waiting area was nice, too. My hygienist was friendly and did a thorough job, with relatively little discomfort. Dr. Cherrington came in and introduced himself while also welcoming me to his practice. Seemed like a nice guy. The prices were reasonable, even better with my Yelp deal, and my payment was done quickly. They gave me a cool welcome gift-bag, and I scheduled for another cleaning six months in the future.
5	Dr. Cherrington and his staff are amazing. the best dentist i have been to. Everyone is super friendly. highly recommend them.
1	WHAT A RIPOFF!!!! I bought a Groupon that was for exam, x-rays, and cleaning. I didn't need an exam or x-rays, I JUST WANTED MY TEETH CLEANED! But that didn't happen. I was told that after I pay $451 for deep cleaning (which I don't need), that I could come back & PAY for a cleaning. I am  demanding my money back from Groupon. In fact, I want my gas money back too!!!
5	I will start off by telling you that Dr. Cherrington and his staff are amazing.  This is by far the best dental experience I have ever had.  I moved to Las Vegas 3 years ago and have not been to a new dentist in 30 years. Everyone was very nice.  They really made you feel comfortable and at home.  I called and was able to get an appointment to get my teeth cleaned in 2 days!  Once I got to the office, my time in the office was very minimal before they took me back into the exam room.  As a newbie, they showed me around  the office, where all te equipment was sterilized and the exam rooms.  All of the equipment was top of the line and up to date!  My cleaning was quick and painless.  After the cleaning, the doctor came into the room and explained my xrays, in detail.  I was in an out in less than an hour!  Did I mention that I left with a new patient goodie bag?  Yep!  I also have to mention that as I was getting my cleaning, I could hear the doctor in the next room with a little girl, getting a filling.  He was amazing with her.  He kept talking to her, telling her how cute her shirt was and having a complete conservation with her as if she were a little adult!  He even high five-d her after her filling!Great off and a great staff!  Highly recommended!
2	I had a great first experience at this office - caring and friendly staff and an awesome doctor - until I sat down for my cleaning. I would have definitely been a loyal customer, but the hygienist ruined all of that for me. She was SUPER rough with my routine teeth cleaning and I ended up jumping in pain more times than I can count. I take very good care of my teeth (brushing and flossing every day with zero cavities) and I always go for cleanings every 6 months. I have never before experienced as much discomfort during a cleaning as I did then. Worst of all, the hygienist didn't even seem apologetic about hurting me. She actually made me feel like it was my OWN fault for her causing me pain - insinuating that I must not be taking care of my teeth and that was the reason why I was in so much pain. Some people just have sensitive teeth and gums! At the end of the cleaning she made some sort of sarcastic remark about me wanting to stay overnight in the office - even though she neglected to tell me the cleaning was over and just kind of waved me out of her chair. Never have I had a more painful teeth cleaning in my life and my mouth hurt for three days afterwards from all the poking and prodding she did to my gums. I'm glad I paid the discounted price on Groupon for the appointment because I would have been upset if I wasted any more money on this experience. I won't be back.
5	I am so happy I found this place! I bought a Groupon for an X-ray, exam and cleaning and I cant believe the incredible service I received! I was immediately greeted by the incredibly friendly receptionist. She gave me a tour of the office which is very nice! I also got a goody bag with a batch of yummy cookies to take home :)When I went back for my cleaning, the hygienist was very polite and apologetic. If I seemed to be in any discomfort at all, she made sure to apologize or ask if I was ok. I enjoyed her conversation, she was great! The dentist was so friendly and welcoming. His prices are very affordable for us cash paying patients too. All of the staff here made me feel like family and I would definitely recommend this dentist to anyone. I will be a patient forever.
4	As far as dental cleanings go, I was very satisfied with my service, which was friendly, competent and professional!
5	Quite possibly my favorite dentist's office I've been to. The staff was SO nice and welcoming, they give you a tour of the office and even a welcome goodie bag (which has cookies in it.. At the dentist!) I purchased the groupon for a cleaning cause I hadn't been to a dentist in a while and I definitely chose the right one. Also they have great pricing and payment plans for teeth straightening, etc. I will be a returning patient.
5	Let me start by saying I am a HUGE baby when it comes to anything regarding pain, especially the dentist.  I have been in LV for two yrs and am originally from Texas.  I had been going to the same dentist for 20yrs, even commuting 2hrs for a cleaning every six months.  When I purchased the groupon for the x-rays, exam and cleaning, I was already happy because it was less than $40.  when I got there, everyone (and I mean EVERYONE) was friendly, accommodating, patient, and welcoming.  The goodie bag was a HUGE bonus (it had cookies!!!) and I was planning on not returning for another six months for my next cleaning.  Well, Dr. Cherrington wasn't having that, lol! I apparently needed all four wisdom teeth extracted (they were giving me infrequent pain and the bottom two were impacted) and advised me to come back to have the top two extracted, along with a filling, total cost less than $100 with my insurance.  I scheduled an appt and as sweet as the receptionists were, every time they called to confirm my appt, scaredey cat that I am, I continued to reschedule.  This went on from Sept to March! When I finally decided to go in and have the procedure, I couldn't have been more satisfied and pleased with how caring and understanding the Doctor and his staff were.  Not only did he prescribe meds (REALLY GOOD meds!) to calm me down, the procedure took all of 20min! Even when I did not properly care for my mouth and had to go back for a follow up, you would think I had been going there for years the way they talked to me, kept me calm, and encouraged me to call if I had any other discomfort or questions.  I saw the...ahem...stupid reviews of previous customers who were not satisfied and to that I say you can't please everybody ALL of the time.  I myself am a self-proclaimed advocate of customer service and can be difficult if I feel I am not being treated like my $$$ isn't any good, but you will NEVER get that kind of treatment at this office!  They treat you like family, laugh with you, even go out of their way to make you comfortable and take care of you!  To Dora, Christine, Jessica (I think that was the Dental Assistants name who helped me), Dr. Cherrington and everyone else at this office, I ABSOLUTELY cannot express how pleased I was and am with your service!!! O yea, I don't know about YOUR dentist, but mine      photo-bombed my selfie when I was getting the "laughing gas" and it was AWESOME!!!!   :-)
5	Everyone at Cherrington Dental was very friendly and efficient. It had been about 6 years since I had been to the dentist but they were able to get all of the smoking/coffee stains out.It was a great experience, I will be going back and referring any friends with dental needs.Also, the welcome cookies were delicious!
5	After being a patient for over 2 years at Cherrington Dental, I have to say it feels much more like going to see friends and family than going to a dentist appointment.  The entire staff is really great!
4	Professional, extremely organized and clean.  Staff is considerate and helpful.
5	Great service, friendly staff.  Highly recommend.  Been a patient for 2+ years.
5	I had a great experience here. The entire team is awesome. They go the extra mile to make you feel comfortable.
5	We have always had a good experience here. The staff is very friendly and helpful. I have always been seen on time. I would highly recommend them to anyone.
5	I'm a previous dental assistant from Georgia so I was wary about finding a good dentist. They are professional, knowledgeable, and friendly. The dentist was great. Too many dentist are gold diggers telling you about all the work you need done. This dentist was honest and forthright and even has my husband doing a procedure that will cost less and be more affective than I know the dentist I worked for would have recommended.The front desk could be a lot more friendly but other than that, I will be recommending them to everyone I know.
5	Dr Cherrington is a very kind man. His staff is wonderful and the best the best dentist I've had in the 19 years living in Vegas. He only does what's necessary and doesn't make up stuff to sell you more. He's my go to guy.
5	Great place! I had an awesome experience there. The staff and Doctor Cherrington were incredibly nice and careful and everything was done in a timely manner. I completed my dental work, two caps, during my lunch break. One of the best dentists in town!
5	After reading so many reviews for dentist finally decided to go to Cherrington Dental because based on all the reviews this Dr really seemed to care about his patients. This was the best experience I have ever had at a dentist. The staff were amazing and made you feel at ease and really appreciated. Dr Cherrington is really knowledgeable and very kind. He had a great rapport with my kids, so much that they wish they could visit every day! So happy to find our new dentist, would highly recommend to everyone.
