5	Tiffany at ProStar did a great job of coordinating the move of my two cars from Philadelphia to Las Vegas.  She charged a fair price, hired a competent carrier and managed the process from pick-up through delivery with great attention to detail.  I recommend ProStar Automotive Transport to anyone who needs to move a vehicle.
5	After having completed a thorough research of many car shipping companies, I decided to use ProStar Auto Transport to ship my car from San Francisco, CA to Pittsburgh, PA.  I'm incredibly happy with the service for the following reasons:1) Tiffany Parker-Meade- she is wonderfully responsive, honest, knowledgeable and is a true professional at what she does.  I wish that all service reps, regardless of what industry, are like her.  Her professionalism put me at ease.2) Jack, who was responsible for getting my car safely across the country is a very sincere, trustworthy and a great guy; such an honest soul.  I felt very lucky that he took good care of my car and did everything to reassure me that I was in good hands. He called me, provided me his cell number and encouraged me to contact him at any given time should I have any questions or concerns.3) I got quotes as high as $2400. The quote ProStar provided (appx. $1200) was by far, what I believe to be the least padded and appeared to be the most upfront and honest charge for services rendered.  4) My car was picked up on time as scheduled and arrived on time and without any damage, issues, etc..  True to his word, Jack really took great car of my car. If I ever have to ship my car again AND should friends/family want to ship their car(s), I will use/recommend ProStar.
5	I cannot say enough about how thankful we are that we chose Tiffany with Prostar Auto Transport to handle shipping our two Brand New SUV's across the entire US. We moved from FL to CA and anyone who has made this move knows how challenging it is to uproot your family and move across country. We had to figure out the best way to move our vehicles and make sure they were taken care of. While ProStar was not the cheapest out there I felt way more comfortable dealing with Tiffany. She was honest and upfront about the process and was always accessible to me any time I called to discuss the move. She managed to get a driver assigned to pick up our vehicles within the time frame we specified and delivered in the timeframe we expected (which is extremely rare in auto tranport!). She also put us in direct contact with the driver who was hauling our vehicles and they were great as well. The driver gave us daily updates and let me know of any delays or concerns upcoming in his route. In the end our SUVs were delivered in top condition and we would gladly pay the money again for the peace of mind and professionalism we experienced dealing with ProStar. We spoke to about 10 different auto shippers, most of which were too "used car salesmen" for us and others acted like we were nothing more than a number to them.
5	Moving is stressful enough, however I never anticipated how stressful it would be to simply FIND the right auto transport service.  Tiffany was extremely professional, responsive, and helpful with my move from Connecticut to California.  My car arrived to California ahead of schedule and Tiffany arranged for us to receive it as soon as we got into town.  The drivers were extremely professional and my car arrived exactly as how we sent it off (albeit with a little more dirt on it).   The price of the transport was very competitive and was exactly what I was quoted for (no hidden fees, etc.)  I cannot recommend ProStar Auto Transport enough and will only use this company for future auto transports.
5	This company is awesome.  They picked up my car on July 17 in Ft Lauderdale FL and it arrived five days later to Burbank CA in perfect condition. Tiffany responds mostly by email, rarely by phone, but her comapny did exactly what they said they would do.
