4	It's such a great feeling to really trust your Dr.  Even if you only go once a year, it's nice to know what to expect.  After having my last two awesome Dr's retire on me, I found a great Dr that I've followed to 2 different offices and through about 6 different insurance companies.  Whew!  While their last waiting room was more warm, this one has lots of distractions, which can be even better I suppose.  There is a tv going (I've seen it generally on talk shows and news channels), lots of seating, a good amount of magazines and some stuff for the kids.  Once inside, you can see that each Dr has his/her own space within the office including separate stations for their P.A. The best thing about the old location was that if you needed blood work or an xray, you just had to walk down a hall.  As of last time I was there, you had to go downstairs for blood work, but I was told they are looking to soon have both in their same office again soon.  You have to love one stop shopping - even in a Dr.All of the Dr's at the office have been great.  My main Dr, Dr. Veronica Lindo went to part time a few years ago so I've seen several other Dr's in the office, though Dr Smith the most.  My girlfriend thinks it's awesome to actually have a young black female doctor as it makes her feel so much more relatable.  I love that they are so informative, friendly, and willing to make sure you understand what's going on before rushing to the next room.
4	Fantastic!!! My first visit to Mountain View was for a follow up appointment after I was rear ended in a car accident, thanks to a friends recommendation. I loved how much information their website had and being able to see which doctors were accepting patients, which weren't and where their areas of specialty lie. I called and made an appointment with Dr. Bauer and was able to get an appt within a few days. She's been my primary care physician ever since.The office is great and very orderly. The sign in receptionist is different from the one taking payments. Additionally, they check to see if you need to make any type of copay or payment and only call you up if it's required. Otherwise you can just sit and relax and wait your turn. You don't need to wait forever to get in and be seen either. My last visit involved a pretty thorough exam and some immunizations to which I informed the receptionist ahead of time when I called. I asked if it would be a problem to have all these done in the same visit and I was told no. I was disappointed when I got there and received a waiver to sign that stated I was only going in for a wellness check and anything else would require an extra visit. It wasn't the extra visit that bothered me as much as I wish someone would've been up front with me. This is my only complaint. However, I do understand I had some interesting circumstances.Dr. Bauer and her staff are amazing. They are very conversational in a nice way rather than a creepy I'm -just-trying-to-start-a-conversation-to-avoid-being-awkward way and answer any questions you have and are very upfront about what is going on. My physical went well and my immunizations were a breeze too. After expressing my concern with a second visit, I was able to schedule an appt for only two days later. Also to note, I didn't have to go to another level of the building to receive my blood work.
5	You never know how awesome a service or staff is until shit hits the fan and it's crunch time. For this reason, Dr. Bauer and her assistant deserve way more than 5 stars, and I owe everyone an update on this review.I've had a handful of doctor's appointments over the past few weeks, four of them with Dr. Bauer. Not once have I had an issue and every single time there is nothing but helpfulness whenever I have to have yet another crazy unheard of test ran. They've spent countless hours working on the paperwork I need to submit with all the results without appearing hassled or bothered. They've also promptly called me when my results are in or for any other status update I request.Additionally, they are very patient when my prescription company acts like an asshat. Due to circumstances I needed to have a 6 month fill of my prescription rather than the typical 3 month I receive. When I emailed my prescription company, they told me this was possible if the doctor's office called it in. However, my doctor's assistant tried several times and got nowhere. Today I was there with her and she patiently tried one last time and made sure my prescription went through as requested. It was something that she really didn't need to do but kindly did for me despite how much of a pain in the ass it was.Without a doubt I recommend Dr. Bauer and her assistant 110%.
5	I love my doctors.  They are so respectful.  I went in today with serious pain.  My main doctor's partner saw me, as my primary doc was out of town.  She introduced herself, asked me a lot of questions about my symptoms, examined me, and made several recommendations.  Surprisingly, one of them was to see a chiropractor for an evaluation, as the problem seemed to be with the muscles and bones of my ribcage.  Dr. Mansfield prescribed some low-key meds (ibuprofen and a muscle relaxer) and referred me to an awesome chiropractor right next door.  I got the best night's sleep in recent memory, and the pain seems to have decreased some already.  The office staff is courteous and efficient.  I hated to leave my old doctor, who I'd seen for many years, but she moved her office way out to southeast Gilbert.  Mountain View is just a few miles from my office.  I'm glad I made the change.
5	This doctor's office is AMAZING!! I always see Dr. Collins but have seen others when I'm sick and she's booked. Not only are they speedy (10 minutes or less in waiting room) but the front office in general is very capable and helpful when any insurance issues have come up. Dr. Collins really cares about you as a person and your overall health and even calls with test results if it's anything out of the norm (or even if I was just a little worried about them).  She also is very personable and non judgmental when I tell her the truth about how many cocktails I indulge in on a weekend - although she continually tries to encourage me to stop having 6 cocktails on a Friday night  I also feel like I can tell her the truth without feeling like I'm in the Principal's office. Best part by far is when I didn't have health insurance for a few months between jobs they were super accommodating with my cash pay situation, didn't rip me off, and cared enough to tell me exactly where to go for cheaper med prices and weren't so far into in the drug companies pockets like most doctors to insist on pricey meds or name brand medications.p.s. Dr. Collins doesn't accept new patients but if you call and ask her medical assistant they usually can fit you in...
5	I met with Doctor Mayy Deadrick a few weeks ago and immediately felt at ease. I can tell that she will be a wonderful family doctor. Best of all, Mountain View is home to several doctors so we should always be able to get in the same day or the day after we get sick. The waiting room felt clean and comfortable too, which is a big plus for any doctor's office.
5	If you're looking for a superb doctor who has a wonderful bedside manner, look no further than Dr. Dena Cornelius! She is one of the best, most caring and thorough doctor I've ever had.  She truly cares about her patients, making time to talk to you about all your concerns.  I can't say enough about her and highly recommend her!
2	Searching for a new primary care physician is difficult.  After the first visit, i loved Mountain View Family Physicians, the staff seemed to know their job description (but not go above it to be friendly), I loved the technology, and the doctors seemed to take that extra moment to chat (which is hard to find these days).  However, after four visits, two doctors, four blood samples, four urine samples, and over a week and a half to get results back every time, only to hear a submissive "everything seems fine, it should go away with time" each time, I sought a new doctor and was diagnosed with the problem immediately.  They seem great, but are missing the most important part.
5	I love this place!! I moved here 7 months ago and made an apt with Dr. Mansfield. She is awesome and so is her assistant!!  She's easy to talk to and will do anything to help! I've been a few times and will return again and again!
5	Best. Doc's Office. EVER. My primary care doc is Dr. Mansfield and she is AMAZING.... as is her assistant. I don't know what I'd do without them. I've also been to other docs if I'm really sick and can't get in to see her, and they've all been great. The front desk staff is very friendly and quick with processing people through. You never have to wait long with an appointment and they have a streamlined process to get people through to a doc quick, but not so quick that you feel like you're just a number. They listen to what you have to say and don't just give you meds for the sake of giving you meds.... which I LOVE! These guys rock!!
5	I love this doctors office.  Dr. Mansfield is always willing to listen and is very compassionate.  She is genuinely concerned about her patients and their health.  Whenever you have an urgent matter the office goes above and beyond to make sure you get to see a doctor immediately.  I've been a patient here for about three years and am so glad to have found this doctor.
3	I was recommended to Dr. Bauer by a friend.  The first time I called to get in, I was seen by Dr. Davey because I couldn't get in with Dr. Bauer until the following week.  He told me I had pink eye and gave me antibiotic drops that made my eye feel worse.  As soon as I stopped taking them, my eye felt better.  It must have just been allergies, so kind of a waste.I recently made an appointment with Dr. Bauer, and this time they were able to get me in within a couple of days!  I didn't have to wait too long, but I thought it was strange when she came in and said 'it's been a long time since I've seen you!'.  I was like, 'uh, I've never seen you.'  Nonetheless, she seemed pretty nice and concerned about my symptoms.  I was having some weird symptoms, which were difficult to diagnose, so she told me that I needed to get ultrasounds and also they'd like to do some blood work.  She told me to go to the waiting area and someone would come get me.  When the gal came to get me, I was trying to chat with her but she seemed like she wanted nothing to do with me and pretty much ignored me.  I didn't like that, considering she was sticking a needle in me (and who likes that??).  After that, she told me I could go, and was left standing there confused.  I thought I needed to get an ultrasound?  Was there paperwork I needed?  Would they tell me where to call?  I waited another 5 minutes to find someone at the front desk and was finally given a paper to bring with me, along with the info for the ultrasound.  I thought that it was strange that no one cared to tell me what I needed to do.  A few days after my ultrasounds, I received a call from the office saying that they received the ultrasounds as well as the results of my blood work.  The blood work all came back fine and there was nothing wrong there, but she wanted me to come back in to discuss the results of my ultrasounds.  Uhhhh... I called right away, totally freaked out about what the results were!  I had to wait two days to get in to see her, and I had nightmares.  It was not fun.  I go to my appointment, and I have to wait 45 minutes before she ever comes in to see me (and I had gone in the middle of my work day!), and what she wanted to 'discuss' with me was................................................ nothing.  The ultrasounds were all  normal and everything looked fine and dandy.  What?!  Why did I have to come in for that???  So I can pay another office visit fee?  I was really disappointed, and really late getting back to the office.  She recommended I go see another doctor and let her know how it goes.  I feel confused and not 100% sure if I'd go back to this doctor :(
5	Dr. Bauer had great reviews and so did the facility so this is ultimately why I chose to come here. I haven't had a primary in over 2 years I think and need a referral to an ENT so I decided that I needed to develop a relationship with a Dr. and maintain it since I plan on being here for a while.The facility is right down the street from my house so nice and convenient. It is HUGE but they have a map at the entrance of the parking lot. When you walk in, you are immediately greeted by the girls at the front desk. They promptly take your information and have you sign the remaining paperwork if you didn't finish it online. You then wait for another lady to take your co-pay. From what it seems this office runs like a well oiled machine, but I thought it was interesting that the woman was copying the co-pays on paper in an old fashioned receipt book. It didn't take long, so I don't really care, I just would have figured since they have online technology for their patients that they would have something for themselves.Anyway, a nurse came and got me and did the whole vitals thing and checked height and weight and what not and then I was placed in a room to wait for Dr. Bauer. It took her about 5 minutes and she was in and introducing herself, reviewing my paperwork and talking to me about me. She was really nice and straightforward which I liked - down to business. Please don't take it for her being impersonal because it isn't, shes a busy doctor and wants to give you the best focus she can and I like that.She checked me out and everything was fine as I knew and she also quickly gave me a referral for an ENT in the same building and had me request my old records. For a first time visit, this only took 45 minutes which was less than I was expecting.Dr. Bauer and the staff are great and I hope when and if I need anything more serious I can prove them right even further as to how good they are. Hopefully that's not the case but I can already tell they will be awesome.
4	I see Shayna Mansfield and she is a really wonderful doctor. She takes the time to listen to your issues and doesn't push prescriptions on you like so many other doctors. Her assistant is great with follow up and very friendly.There have been times when I had to see other doctors (while she was on maternity leave) and they were also pretty great. The facility is easy to find and the check I process is fast and easy (mostly).I highly recommend her and Mountain View as a solid PCP/Home Physician office.
1	I am shocked over these reviews. I'm going to have to assume its family or something. I was an unfortunate victim of this group of GPs for years. Because of the long list of the things I needed to see Dr. Lyndo for (no longer there) I felt like I couldn't go anywhere else.  I honestly felt trapped.This is the wonderful help i've gotten.Dr Daveys sat outside the examining room talking on the phone about his upcoming vacation for well over 15 minutes while I listened. It had only been an hour wait getting in to examination room.The receptionist are the biggest bunch of rude obnoxious.......they have just about done everything but give me the finger. I can't tell you how many times my insurance company didn't ante up so they will call you up to the front of the waiting area and in front of EVERYONE ask about it and ask quite rudely. Then tell me they "tried" to call  so I deserve being called up to the front of the class. So embarrassing, especially when your sick. They even called me up when my husband (who had a different insurance plan) had not paid. AND told me I couldn't see the DR because of it! Thats after I had waited fifteen minutes already. I have no idea what I was supposed to do. Go beat up his insurance company?Then there was the time I was prescribed medication that sent me to the ER. Wait no hold on there was the TWO times that medication was prescribed to me that sent me to the ER.And the time they told my son he had loose joints when in fact he had scoliosis. Where you get loose joints from curvature of the spine is anyone's guess. And then when Dr. Bauer accused me of being a smoker, when I told her I wasn't. She told me I was lying....because you know thats what I do. Lie to GP's....Its a bit of a sinful delight for me. I always hope it gets me improved care......oh wait. The long waits where always enjoyable. If I got out of there in less than a hour it would have seemed nothing short of a miracle. You better plan on a lonnnnnng wait. They are making vacation plans after all. I could go on for days. This place is awful. **AWFUL***  Please, go somewhere, anywhere else.  The homeless guy on the corner would probably give you better care. He'd be cheaper thats for sure!
5	Dr Shayna Mansfield has been my primary care physician since I moved to the valley. She has been outstanding as a doctor and very thorough in her approach with your health. During several visits she asked me a multitude of questions, as well as allowed me to be very open about what was going on. She even said at one point "I don't know, how do you feel you would like to go about it?". Humility is amazing, and I am grateful I can have a conversation with her rather than being steamrolled like most other doctors who carry the "treat 'em and street 'em" mentality. As for he office, there was a little confusion with co pays with the office staff but no big deal. Bear in mind they are transitioning to emr so there is a little lag. They accept blue cross/ blue shield so most things are covered. Waiting room is clean, updated magazines fill most end tables. Parking is easy (I always get lucky with a front row spot). If you are looking for a great doctor, then you should defiantly trust dr Mansfield to give you the care you deserve.
4	Dr. Gregory Bell is my physician and I would definitely recommend him!!  I would have rated this place a 5 if it were just baed on him.  I can honestly say he is the only dr. that I have ever had that I like and trust!  He actually listens and asks questions and is very smart.  He takes the time to educate me on my health.  I've had asthma my entire life and had other drs try to shove new inhalers on me that I didn't like, didn't work and were very expensive.  Dr. Bell was the first dr to actually run some asthma tests on me and told me that my type of asthma wouldn't be helped by those inhalers anyway.  Great doctor that I trust!The office itself is ok.  I've had them mess up my appointments a few times which is frustrating but the dr. has always made sure I can still get in to see him.
5	Dr. Gregory Bell is a great doctor,  he took his time and paid attention to every detail. He gave me great alternatives to medications and other options to think about. They also give you a online patient portal to access your medications, order refills etc. I also like that they have their very own lab on site so you can do blood, urine and other types of tests the same day. (Make sure you don't eat for at least an hour before doing this option) the staff was very friendly and I didn't have to wait long at all.
5	Dr. Mansfield is amazing. She listens and provides valuable feedback and resources. I just moved t the area, and I was worried about finding a new physician. I'm not worried anymore; in fact, I'm going to stick around even though I've moved to Tempe. Fabulous care.
2	Been going to this general physician for about 1 1/2 years.  I have never been seen on time, average is 30 minutes to an hour before I get called in, then another 15 minutes at least waiting for the doctor.  Assume you will need to plan an extra hour at least when going in.Prescription refills are slow.  When walgreens calls in the refill, the doctors office doesn't respond - I've had to follow up each time.  When I call the doctors office to check the refill status they say "have you seen the doctor recently" ... what??  Obviously I saw the doctor which is why the first prescription (that was only for 30 days) was issued by him and also the refill is pending his approval.  Then they say "oh - I will have to pull your chart and call you back"... what is going on with this place?  Why does it take my call to get them to process the refill?Fortunately I am moving so I will search for a new doctors office.   I think office take on too many patients, and too few assistants handling many doctors at a time.  Either insurance isn't paying enough so they take on too many patients, or they are too cheap to hire more help.Doctor Davies is very friendly however, and he does not push prescriptions on you.  I do like the doctor, but I cannot take the process of working with the office.Good luck if you decide to go with them.  I'm sure all the doctors are fine...that's really all that should matter... but I just can't take the hassle of their slow office.
5	I have been a patient of MVFP for over 10 years.  I have a great Dr. (Roseann Collins). And I find them to be organized and efficient.  Nothing but good experience with them.Richard
4	The wait was a little long, which is why not 5 starts, but I believe it was worth it for the treatment I received! Wonderful staff that was very friendly and concerned with everything I mentioned. Dr. Bell was amazing. He really explained everything too me. I didn't feel lost once!
