2	Having a 14 year old Son means a lot of trips to Fast Food joints and this one is in our neighborhood.  This one is not one of our favorite joints.  The food quality here is sub-par....even by fast food standards.  The Beef never tastes fresh and the Bread seems a little old at times.We decided we wouldn't eat here anymore because it's that bad.  There are 1000's of other fast food joints to choose from.
4	Its BK, what can I say?!My son and I love coming here on a hot day after the library!! Here its a little hidden, but once you get here its super nice and air conditioned! We've been here a few times and each time its been pretty swell! The wait is usually short bc its not always busy, the cashiers are pretty nice also, except one of the weirdos who told the manager she wasnt going to refill the ice in the machine.The prices here are comparable, although I dont usually eat the burgers I do sometimes like the onion rings. What I really come here for, in addition to the kids meals, are the fruit smoothies and sundaes! The ice cream here is seriously sooooooooo yummy! And its only 1$ for a sundae! The mango smoothies are also super yummy and are 2$ and change!My son loves the kids meals here, they include your entree but what he loves most is the paper crown attached.  They also usually have some pretty neat childrens toys.So we will def continue coming here for the cheap eats, and nice cooled play area!
4	This BK is right around the corner from my house and job, so I frequent it quite often.  I have never had more than a 5 minute wait from time of pulling into line, very important for when I am on lunch!  The staff has always been friendly and always responsive.  Although, evertime I go they have this generic message asking how my day is and I always respond like a tard- so to save yourself, dont worry about responding! :)
4	I was in a hurry and BK was close by. I was so surprised to see that they had brought the "Rodeo Cheeseburger" back! I have been still ordering it after all these years since the "Little Soldiers" gem disappeared from the menu I just had to customize a regular Cheeseburger to do so. It was cheap yummy!The store was clean inside and I did use the restroom to wash my hands and it was clean too. The cashier was friendly.
3	Ahhh, my local BK.  It is like every other BK around and is pretty consistent.  It gets the job done when you are in a rush and don't have time to cook.I have to admit, I am here pretty regularly.  It is because: 1. I live around the corner and it is the closest place to my house.2. It is cheap and has ok burgers and chicken sandwiches.3. My kid loves the milkshakes and smoothies they have on the menu.  I love making her happy, so we visit pretty often.4. The play place is pretty fun for the little ones.  It is especially nice when it is so hot in the summer.  It is nice and air conditioned, which us Las Vegans LOVE.5. I may or may not be addicted to the new SatisFries.This particular location has just gone through a remodel.  It is now more modern with a coffee house style to it.  The food is still the same, but it is now in a prettier locale.So if you want a fast food joint, this one is pretty and pretty good at what they do.
3	This is the nearest Burger King near my house, and I really don't go here more often than I should because, well, I don't really fancy fast food places like this. I just happened to drop in here because I had my daughter with me & I wanted her to play at their little indoor playground after we ate lunch (it was getting too hot outside to head to the park). Anyway, I ordered the Angry Whopper combo meal because it looked delicious and it was. I just didn't end up finishing it because it was just too big for me. I guess my eyes were hungrier than my tummy. My daughter got their two chicken strip kids meal with the fries, and she loved it. What really fascinated me about this place was they had that cool Coca-Cola touch-screen vending machine! That was definitely fun to play around with. There were soooo many choices too! I would go back there just to see what else they had!Overall, clean establishment, nice staff. It's Burger King, so there wasn't really a "wow" factor this place other than it being, well.. A Burger King.
1	the burgers are honestly on par with any and every other burger king i've eaten at. what i don't like specifically about this location that makes me give them 1 star is on 3 separate occasions in the past i was served re-fried fries. 1 of the times i saw them actually rescoop  my fries up from where they sit to get packaged and thrown back into the fryer so they would be warm... anyone that has had re-fried fries before knows exactly how they look and taste. disgusting and unacceptable.Edit : these experiences i had were before they actually revamped and updated this location. i do not know if they still do practice this since then, nor do i plan to ever find out.
