3	A good higher-end bring your own wine restaurant on Duluth. This is a great French restaurant with excellent table d'hotes. As far as bring your own wine goes, this is definitely one of the better ones in the city, although it also comes with a comparatively higher price. I had the rabbit as a main course and it was great, also their creme brule is amazing!
2	The prices are mid/upper level Byow, but the food isn't worth the prices. There are my much better options if you're looking to spend 80$ for 2 in the plateau. I've been about 5 times because I have a friend who likes this restaurant. But I would never choose it on my own. The service is plain weird. There is an older lady who appears to run things. And the waitresses follow her lead. I'm finding difficult to explain why it's weird. But I just don't like it. By the end of the night they are always more preoccupied with counting their receipts than servicing their clients.
4	A local favourite BYOB (Beer & Wine). The restaurant served a very nice French meal. The service was a bit slow. The food was excellently prepared.
5	Another excellent Rue Duluth restaurant.  On the night we were there, they seemed a little understaffed, but the wait staff were working hard and were well trained. Mushroom appetizer was excellent, as was guinea hen/mushroom entree special.  All in all a great experience.  Pro tip: the depanneur down the block has a few decent bottles of red wine. (This is BYO.)
5	Yumm ine of the best byow restos out in Montreal. Must try the lamb shank if you're looking to get blown away.  Aside that loved the area up a nice walk in the plateau and in a small touristy place. They do get jam packed so make sure you reserve ahead. Waiter service attentive and sharp. The ambiance: just cozy and romantic a nice place to chat up with two or 3 friends or a loved one. It really really gets nicer in the night with the dark look and candlelight spotlights ; )
5	This is such a beautiful place, tasty food, and great service by French Boys. This is such a romantic place - my wife is in love with this place. We will definitely go back. Great for vegetarians too.Find out the meaning for "La Prunelle". It is really beautiful :))
4	My wife and I ate there last week,St. Jean Baptist eve. The food was delicious, but it was very noisy. There was a very large party, the people stood around in the open area between the tables talking loudly. We were first seated at a small table,with some people virtually hanging over us. The wait staff went out of their way to find us a quieter spot. The maitre d' served us herself and paid special attention  to us. I must commend her for her diligence.
2	My overall experience from La Prunelle was rather deceiving. Perhaps my hopes and expectations were too high. However, for the same price (or even less), there are plenty of other restaurants in town that can offer you that higher gastronomic level I am talking about. Read more on http://theforbiddenmeal.com/2015/01/05/la-prunelle-one-of-the-most-raved-about-restaurant-on-duluth/
