3	They offer lots of great deals including a 24-day guest pass. It tends to get pretty busy, so you might want to go in there on off hours. Otherwise, I like this place. They just need to get more machines so I dont have to go at 8 at night or 3 in the morning to get a machine.
4	Finally a good gym by my parent's house that I can raid on vacation.  I was very wary at first when they told me I would have to pay 10 bucks a day for the week, but after a nice persistance I was abe to get a better deal.  Nice equipment, not too crowded in the middle of the day, a little bit of a dirty gritty feeling after manhandling the weights but not as bad as Bally's; big open space with plenty of light, lots of machines.  Wish they had these in Chicago!
3	I like this location OK, but there are pros/cons at every spot. Pros: - The gym isn't that crowded if you go in the morning or early afternoon. However, in the evening it can be packed. - Classes are mostly pretty good. I've never had a bad instructor at this facility. - Staff are medium-friendly. - Some of the trainers are really really tough and are not the usual cookie-cutter types of trainers. I was watching one trainer the other day, and she is amazing. She was constantly motivating her client, and it looked like a tough workout. - There are always new magazines it seems. Cons: - It can be packed in the evening. - The locker room is not that great. I've taken a shower there before, and it was a mess. The hooks were all taken by other towels, and my stuff got soaked. The water took forever to go from cool to warm. - The layout is funky and it seems really dark in areas but then overly bright near the back towards the treadmills.
4	What I like about 24 Hour Fitness is the monthly membership is very reasonable.  IF you go in the early morning it's easy to get on the machines.  It not fancy and I feel like I can go 'as is' ~ no one notices you.  It is not a pick-up place . . . it just a nice clean place for people to exercise . . .  and as a 'mature'  woman I don't feel intimated.  The only thing I don't care for is that they have a very limited selection of  classes and times . . . and the classes they do have are to packed.I am happy they are in business.  Blessings to them.  : )  KC
4	This place was my mainstay up until March of this year. I don't know what the heck happened, but it was like everyone started going there in January in the evening, and I felt crowded out. Mind you, NOBODY individually crowded me out! everybody was always super friendly, and I was always able to find a treadmill there. (I think I am a bit socialphobic!!) the staff there is awesome, I will always miss them! they are the best front desk gym people I know, and were always helpful, and went above and beyond to help me feel comfortable there. value wise, if you are going to pick a gym, this is the best I could find, and it is very reasonable for everything they offer. I could come here 6 nights a week, and they never made me feel like I was spending too much time in the gym. (I need it!) which I have gotten in other gyms before. the locker rooms were always clean. I really appreciated that. The jacuzzi had a weird dark yellowish tinge that looked gross, and made the place look dirty in the pool area.I never used that, I don't do yellow water EEEWWWWW! staff were aware of it, and I am sure they would have done something about it if they could have. Why the yellow water in the jacuzzi 24 hr fitness? I promise I will come back if you fix that problem! it's super gross! ok, but other than that- if that yellow Jacuzzi were missing, I'd give it 5 star.
3	Maybe it's just because it was my first time there (don't live in the area), but this place gave off weird vibes to me. The atmosphere reminds me of a cave and some of the weight equipment looks like it's from the '80s. Overall, I like the Mesa Riverview and the McKellips/Power locations better but this is still do-able and should have everything you need.
4	Ive been working out here a little over a year now, at first I was like this gym is OK I've seen better but my wife gets a fam discount so it was worth a shot. After some time now I've learned to really like it here but there are some draw backs if you decide to go around 5 in the evening you will find that its incredibly packed but at the same time if your looking for some eye candy that's when they come out. But overall its a good gym it has all the things you need for a good workout.
5	Awesome facility and staff! The club manager is great!
2	I joined 2 weeks ago.  Im not impressed with this gym for several reasons.. The first week there was no paper towels in the womens bathroom for 3 days. The pool is over chlorinated, and there is (still) a dark brown scum ring all around pool tile. Some of the "regular"  elderly ladies are rude. They make comments and glare  when they get splashed,  and ask you to move over beacause that is "their spot". The overall gym cleanliness and experinence is Meh. On a good note, I will say the pool instuctors are very nice, and I feel I get a good work out. Val, is awesome! I will stay here because is it's close, and I'm determined to get in shape!
4	I like this gym.It's close by, it's open at ridiculous hours when one should be sleeping, but for some reason I want to be swimming or "playing" basketball (usually that consists of me missing the shot and running around the court chasing the ball, but at least it's 2:00am in the morning and no one else is around!!)And it's not fancy schmancy so I don't have to try too hard. ha.I've found it to be pretty clean, and I like the front desk staff.I've only tried one of the group Zumba classes because my friend was into it, but it's not really my thing.  But I hear that the classes are well-attended, so if you like the group exercise dynamic they're probably good.
4	I have been attending this gym now for over a year. It certainly is a no frills gym and it simply works. The staff are polite and friendly. The monthly rates are reasonable in comparison to other gyms. The child center is great. The only reason why they not get 5 stars is that they need some new flat screen TV that do not reflect!
3	Decent place. It's just so dark in there like a dungeon. I'm not sure if there trying to save money by not turning lights on but it's hard to get a good workout and have good energy in dim light. Other than that it's pretty good.
2	The manager is useless. Machines are broken and never repaired for long periods of time. The only advantage to joining this club is for the hours!!
2	2 stars for a nice staff... but the place is in need of a major cleaning and upgrade.
4	I've been coming to this gym for what feels like foreverrrrrrr! lol. It has to be maybe 6 years now. =)It's not one of those glamorous gyms like Lifetime Fitness or LA Fitness but it has everything I need in a gym and I love it. Plus it doesn't cost a fortune for a membership either. But then again I signed up for one 6 years ago. It has all of your basic necessities and everyone is super friendly. I actually hate going to the gym. lol. But force myself to do so because a 6 pack abs do not just magically appear out of nowhere and neither does a toned body. lol. This location is actually a little bit farther from my house but I like how the machines are set up and how friendly everyone is so it's worth the drive for me. My only negative to this gym is they keep increasing my monthly payment. They tack on a few cents once every few months. I think they make it a small amount so you don't notice it as much but I definitely see it! I started at $18 a month 6 years ago, and now I am at $21 a month. lol. So if you just need your basic daily gym without the works at a good reasonable price, then check it  out folks. =)
1	BEWARE!I believe it was back in 2007 when my best friend and I decided to get gym memberships at this 24 Hour Fitness.  She signed up for the month-to-month option where they debit your monthly fee from your account.  I was not comfortable with this and after severe pressure from one of the "trainers" (a.k.a. used car salesmen), I decided to pay ahead, IN FULL, for a 3 year membership.  It was a 3 year membership, end of story - this was not a continuous membership in any way, shape, or form.My friend and I usually went to the yoga classes but we did use the machines and pool/sauna as well.  I decided to bring my mom along once and let her use one of my guest passes.  It was then when things turned south.  One of the "trainers" decided to try to talk us into getting personal trainer sessions and measure our BMI, total body fat, etc. tests.  After going the rounds several times as to why we weren't interested (spending about an hour of our time there), we left the gym, having not signed up for these services.Since I was already a member of the gym, this Bozo unfortunately had my phone number and began calling me, non-stop.  He called about every hour or so for a few days (I am NOT over exaggerating).  It got to the point where my husband had to intervene and ask him to quit calling me.  The next time I went back to the gym, this "trainer" GLARED at me the entire time.  He watched me move from machine to machine.  It made me incredibly uncomfortable.  I actually considered asking for special permission to move my membership to another 24 Hour Fitness, even though my particular plan was only for their gym.  The location happened to be convenient for me so I thought it would be better to just call and speak to the manager instead, so I did.  I called and told the manager what was happening and let him know that I was uncomfortable to use the membership for which I had paid dearly.  The manager apologized and assured me it wouldn't happen again.Well, he apparently DID speak to the "trainer," (as he should have) because the trainer was even more angry when I returned.  He still watched me and glared, only this time, he stood up and made it very deliberately obvious that he was trying to physically intimidate me.  I had had enough.  I was less than a year into my three year membership but I couldn't stand going there any longer.  I finally quit showing up.  I really should have asked for my money back, but they had explicitly told me that it was non-refundable.  I was a very busy person and didn't have the time or energy to argue the situation so I just decided to cut my losses and move on.Over two years later, my mom called me, telling me she had received something in the mail for me from 24 Hour Fitness.  Odd, I thought, because I have never lived with my mom in Arizona, so how did they get that address for my name?  Furthermore, I had moved to the east coast.  My mom was visiting me anyway so she brought the envelope with her.  I opened it up and it basically said that my membership was up and I needed to call them.  Confused, I called and explained that I had paid for a 3 year membership (and that was all).  I said that I wasn't sure why they assumed that I should automatically be signed up again when I didn't opt for the continuing membership.  I also mentioned that I hadn't been to their gym in almost 2 years.  The lady on the phone was nice and gave me a confirmation number for my "cancellation."  I told her that didn't make any sense because there was nothing to cancel, but whatever.About two weeks later, I began to get incessant phone calls from an unknown 800 number.  I Googled it to find people who were outraged - it was a collection agency for 24 Hour Fitness.  Seriously, WTF??  Like I said, this was a 3 year, NON-CONTINUOUS membership.  Nevertheless, I STILL called them and RECEIVED A CANCELLATION NUMBER INDICATING THAT I WOULD NO LONGER BE USING THEIR GYM!  Add to all of this the harassment and physical intimidation that I had to endure by their trainer and I was LIVID!  I contacted the gym and let them have it.  I told them that they had sent me to collections for no reason and that their staff had harassed/intimidated me and I DEMANDED that they remove me from collections, as there was nothing to collect!  I explained that my husband and I always have attorneys on retainer (this is true) and if they did not act immediately, we'd be suing.  That day, they removed me from collections.  I did check my credit report a while later and thankfully, there were no adverse marks from this incident on it.A few weeks later, a former coworker of mine told me that he had just been wrongfully sent to collections by the same gym.  Seriously, stay away.  I will NEVER have another gym membership again.  I refuse to be scammed.  I would rather invest that money in my own workout equipment.Thanks a lot for robbing me blind, 24 Hour Fitness!!!
5	I've been to many, many gyms and this is by far my favorite one ever. It's not the biggest gym, and it's not the best, but it has THE best trainers, plenty of equipment and the nicest people you'll ever meet!It's never overly crowded, plenty of parking, they let me park my bike inside when I ride it up there and I get super fit with my awesome trainer. What's not to love?Mary, I think she's the manager, has the best sense of humor and is incredibly nice and very informed. She can answer all your questions. She also acts like she loves seeing me - ha! My fabulous trainer that beats any I've ever had, Ryan, knows his stuff. I've worked out with trainers who pushed me and hurt me, but Ryan never has. He pushes me, but safely. He's probably the most knowledgeable trainer I've ever had. He's also goofy and fun to train with. You really can't be that!This gym is above-par and I don't want to ever move because I love it so much! I hope I can work out here forever!
4	A nice combination of "Globo Gym" and "Average Joes", this gym has something for everyone- from the ipad watching socialites to the serious gym rats.  The pool is small but adequate for lap swimming, especially if you go super early in the morning like I do.There are plenty of free weights even at peak hours.  Sure, you may have to switch your routine a little bit but you'll never have to wait forever for a certain bench.Staff is friendly and made sign up quick and painless.
4	I have been to my fair share of 24 Hour Fitness locations around the country and this is on the upper side of them.What's great about this particular location is that the clientele isn't uppity and this isn't a social scene (ahem LA Fitness). People come here to work hard and get it done. It's a clean facility and very no nonsense. You won;t find tv screen on each cardio machine here but everything works well. The group classes are great Just get there early enough to sign up and get a bright orange or pink slip to secure your place. I would recommend the Body Pump class on Thursday evenings...the instructor is fantastic at keeping you moving and keeping the class fun while being SO nice.The trainers here are really helpful and constantly offering small tips to help you with your workout such as: you will get better movement if you push your seat back a little or push your elbows in a little closer, etc. or a simple how's your workout going today?I appreciate it because sometimes I have no clue what I'm doing and I'm glad that the employees are friendly enough to stop by and help out.I did a personal training session with Adrian and I must say, if you are looking for a great workout from a very motivational trainer, you should sign up to see Adrian today. He definitely understands fitness and is constantly encouraging and helpful.
