2	I give this two stars for the actual dance - they're extremely traditional in style and programming, and appeal greatly to the Nutcracker fans out there. Sharp, cutting edge, brilliant they ain't and their dancers are competent but lack style or pzazz. If you like little girls in pink tutus, you'll probably go see them.However, do NOT give them your contact details. They phone you again and again asking for money (on top of the ticket price). Last year, someone phoned and asked for a donation. I said I was busy. She said she'd phone back and did, though not at the time we'd agreed. I told her I had talked to my husband and we had agreed that, although we had allocated our budget for donations to local groups, we like to support the arts and so would like to donate something to their next auction. She told me that was fine, but would I give some money too? I repeated that we had decided not to give money but would donate an item. Was I sure? Yes. She then started saying how much money they needed. I cut her short and told her there was no money on offer. OK, I'll pass that on to someone and they'll contact you. I assume she was on commission.Months passed. Eventually I got a request in the mail for a donation - I fired off an email telling them they had never acknowledged our offer, let alone accepted or declined it. I got a phone call from someone saying Oops, passed this to someone else, an email saying sorry... I shrugged and decided to forget it, and them. Then a couple of weeks ago, I got a call asking for money. I stopped him halfway through his spiel and told him I had asked not to be contacted again. A  few days later, someone phoned me to ask what had been the issue, as she'd got a garbled account. I told her the saga. Strange, she said, it doesn't say on your record here that you don't want to be phoned; I'll amend that. After she hung up, I thought "Know what? I don't want ot be phoned OR written to OR emailed. I told them that last year. Why do they have a record of me?" So I emailed and said don't write or email or phone. Remove me from your records.Today I got a mailing from them.Mebbe they think persistence and ignoring my requests will wear me down and I'll start scattering them with largesse. What is actually happening is that I am now telling everyone and his aunt "FOR GOD'S SAKE, DON'T GIVE THEM YOUR CONTACT DETAILS"
2	I am writing this review specifically for the 2011 production of "The Nutcracker." Let me begin by saying that I love ballet. I have seen probably 50 ballets in my lifetime. Most of them in Pittsburgh, some in New York, a few in Vienna. I adore watching the movement, how these beautiful, hard-working people appear to glide on air... mostly because I trip steps and leave high heels stuck in streets (true).This year's Nutcracker was... bad.  And I hate saying that. Why so bad? Here. I'll do the "compliment sandwich."  GOOD: This adaptation of Tchaikovsky's Christmas classic is set in late 19th-century Pittsburgh. It's charming to see elements of Pittsburgh history. Toys magically step out of Kauffman's Christmas catalog. A Heinz truck pulls up in front of the family's Shadyside mansion. One can see the beautiful snow-covered confluence from atop Mount Washington. This was all really nice and gave personal home-y touches to the production. BAD: The director took such dramatic liberties with the show that at some points, the ONLY thought that came to mind was "cluster...." you know the rest. I took boy with me, who had never seen a ballet. The only "Nutcracker" he had ever seen was the Macaulay Culkin version. He too, had no clue what was going on. Essentially, after leaving "Marie's" house and the first act, there is no sense of direction whatsoever. In Tchaikovsky's ballet, the Sugar Plum fairy rules over the Land of Sweets. There, Russian Candy Canes, Chinese Teas, Danish Marzipan, and Arabian Coffee live and dance for Marie and her new wooden boyfriend. The PBT's version of Act II is reminicient of Pinnochio's "Pleasure Island". One has no real idea that the dancers are supposed to be sweets, or why they are dancing for the visiting pair. At one point, the Sugar Plum Fairy gave Marie a tiara as thanks for helping the Nutcracker defeat the Rat King.  But there was so much going on, I barely realized this happened! The director added random butterflies, bumblebees, and hummingbirds... further crowding the strange. From what I understand, this was to incorporate junior ballet students. Frankly, I just found it distracting. GOOD: Drosselmeyer's magic tricks were neat. He was mysterious and sassy... perfect for the role.  Also, the dorky 90's dance moves performed by grandfather were hilarious. That being said, I don't mind "livening" up a ballet. The Nutctracker is a child-friendly show and little touches like this are perfect. The general set design was also beautiful. But it doesn't make up for the confusion forced upon the audience by overcasting and strange adaptation.
5	We went to the ballet on Saturday to see Moulin Roge.  We have attended the ballet for years and this was one of the best performances we have ever seen.  The costumes were unique and the story had some humor.  The choreography and dancers were tremendous.If you haven't yet experienced the Pittsburgh Ballet you are missing out!
4	This review is for the 2014 Nutcracker, for which I received comped tickets from Yelp.Overall, I found this performance to be enjoyable.  The first act was cute and it followed the typical story of The Nutcracker.  I didn't get why the one footman had on a Phantom of the Opera mask, but I went with it.  The dolls' performances were charming and some of the children were quite hammy with their roles in a delightful way.The second act lost this production a star.  But, unfortunately, like a previous reviewer of the 2011 Nutcracker mentions, the second act is still jumbled.  The second act featured some of the best pair dancing--particularly, the Arabian pair--but the purpose of the performances for Clara was unclear, and both Clara and the prince looked sort of bored throughout the whole act.  Where were all the sweets? Where was Mother Ginger?  I hadn't seen this production in about 15 years, since I was child, when I saw PBT perform it several years in a row.  I can't say if I remember these things from a PBT performance or from a version that I saw on TV.The kids in the crowd seemed delighted and lots of children (and adults) lined up during the intermission to take photos with the Sugar Plum Fairy.The weirdest moment of the night was when Sally Wiggin came up on the stage before the show is a blue gown.   I'm still not sure what that was about but putting a 50-something women in a princess costume is just embarrassing for everyone.
5	I received a pair of free tickets through Yelp to see The Nutcracker last Fri. evening.  I was very excited to see this show, since I'd wanted to see it last last year, but couldn't work it out with my (now ex-) boyfriend's schedule.  I'm used to second tier seating at the Benedum, but I was in for a real treat, since the tickets turned out to be for orchestra level (score!).  What a great surprise for my birthday, which happened to be that day!I really enjoyed PBT's performance of The Nutcracker!  Between the dancing, the choreography, and the costumes and scenery, I thought the show was excellent.  I've never seen a live performance of The Nutcracker before, and the last time I saw the movie was in elementary school music class.  Even though it'd been this long, I was able to follow the plot with very few problems.  I enjoyed the Pittsburgh-specific references in PBT's version of the show, which included a setting at a mansion in Shadyside and a Heinz carriage.I thought both acts were very good, and each had advantages.  The first act was easier to follow in terms of the plot, but I enjoyed the dancing better in the second act, which featured more of the principals and soloists.  Although the stage could get a bit crowded during certain scenes, the scenes were ones where it was either appropriate in light of the plot (e.g., the party scene in the first act) or where it was difficult to avoid (the final scene of the dream sequence).  In general, I found the visual impact of the show very pleasing--if you prefer more visually-oriented shows, as my friend who accompanied me does, this show would definitely be your cup of tea.Overall, I found PBT's performance of The Nutcracker to be engaging and enjoyable, and I'd definitely pay to see it again.  While this was the first live ballet performance I've seen, I thought that the dancing, costumes, scenery, and choreography very good to excellent.  I'm glad that this show is a Christmas tradition in Pittsburgh--it's definitely one that I plan on taking advantage of regularly in the future!
5	What fun!  My oldest (5) and I ditched daddy and baby sister to come out for the 2014 production of Nutcracker and it was delightful.  Our tickets (thank you Yelp!) were in the orchestra level and we had a great view of the production.  I was surprised at how many other kids were in the theater, and I think for the length and time of night I wouldn't have wanted to take anyone younger than my almost-six-year-old.So, the ballet. It was set in Pittsburgh, which was fun, and there were some additions we hadn't see before, like the mysterious Nephew.  The dancing was wonderful, as expected.  My daughter was confused about the lack of dialog, but the program had a very helpful synopsis that helped her understand what was happening.  The first act was fun, with magic acts, dancing "dolls" and of course the fight with the rats and mice, and quite enjoyable.  The ending of the first act was quite soothing, and in the dark theater I admit I was afraid of snoozing!The second act.  The national dances were amazing, especially the arabian dance (Holy cow, talk about amazing abs!!!).  Then it got to the point where the sugar plum fairy danced, then her consort danced, then they danced together, then the fairy danced...and it did drag a little.  I loved the creativity, though, of the carousel, and the imagination of the set and costumes.  There was a part with the lambs that was awfully cute, and we loved watching the kids any time they were on stage.  There were several "side stories" going on in the periphery of the stage that you could get absorbed in, and it was just very well done.  Overall, I think that this will now be our Christmas tradition.  It was wonderful.
