3	Went to this location for lunch today. Get there early, it is a small park lot and gets packed quick then you will need to park on the side of the street and walk to the plaza. They have a simple menu: bowls, yakisoba, wraps, salads, value meals, etc. I got the teriyaki bowl with dark meat chicken regular size. It is served over a bed of rice with fresh grilled veggies and their teriyaki sauce for $4.69. The quantity of food is quite small compared to other Japanese fast foods. The teriyaki is a little sweeter than I like. I still prefer my lunch spot Blue Fin.
4	Food was pretty good.  I've had the chicken with vegetables bowl, and the 'riceless bowl'.   I would recommend getting the sauce on the side, as they usually drench it on there.  Veges are pretty good and the price is ok.
4	A work colleague recommended we go here for a quick lunch in between meetings. He's local to Phoenix so trusting him, I figured, would be wise. I was right. There is not a lot of variety on the menu but that's sort of the point. This is a specialty-type place, and what is here is very good. A wide assortment of rice dishes and wraps/burritos are available. I ordered the Wrap and Roll Teriyaki. It was outstanding in every respect. Think BIG burrito and small egg roll, which complemented each other quite well. It's a casual place with soda machines and a friendly, efficient staff. But next time I'm going for one of those rice bowls. They looked pretty good.
5	Fantastic yacki soba with white chicken bowel.  A definite must!
1	This Time ,,, Not So Good I have always had a high-quality, hot meal that tastes great at Samurai Sam's. The staff is always friendly and you're greeted the minute you walk in the door.  However, today I was very disappointed in the quality of the food.I ordered a Steak Yakisoba Bowl, pot stickers, and drink. After placing my order I was handed a cup so I headed over to the soft drinks, and even before I poured my drink the cashier put my tray on the counter and told me my meal was ready. I grabbed my tray and headed for my table.  After taking just one took bite I realized my meal wasn't hot, it couldn't even be considered warm.  So I brought my dish back up to the counter, where the cashier apologized and advised she would get me a new "hot" dish.A few minutes later my meal was replaced and it was very hot (smoking to be exact), it was also very tasteless. The vegetables, a mix of cabbage, broccoli and carrots had no flavor whatsoever and the steak was so dry and overcooked from being re-heated that it was impossible to eat.  The potstickers were terrible, they were hard, dry, and over cooked.   This was the first time that I ate very little and was not able  to finish what I ordered even tho I was hungry... I just couldn't do it.
3	Pretty good teriyaki foodI usually stick with the chicken, rice, and veggie bowlA major plus for me is that they have SRIRACHAThe rice is usually good and fairly stickyThe meat is tender The veggies are surprisingly very good tooThe teriyaki sauce adds good flavor
1	This is more of a review of costumer service than the food quality which I'm sure is good if I had a chance to order it. I walked in to this location and was greeted by the employee at the counter. While I was looking over the menu the employee says something to her other employee which I didn't quite catch, but once the person in back responded she said that they were closed for the day. It was 4:50, and I asked what time they closed. She responded with 5:00 and I replied back, ok, so you are still open? No, we closed early today. While leaving, I looked for something with their store hours and nothing was displayed, but their neon "OPEN" sign was shining bright. Yay for lazy employees!
4	I had the kids teriyaki bowl. I normally don't like teriyaki, but there's was good. Pretty good prices and a nice variety of items. They have China Myst tea, which is delicious!
5	I was randomly driving around because I had nothing better to do while I waited for a flight when I found this place. Food was great, the staff was friendly, and the food came right out. Loved it!
