5	Finally got to try this food truck at the Midweek Munch on Wednesdays at the El Cortez.  Super yummy!  My favorite is the philly tots - tater tots covered in grilled onions, peppers, and thin slices of beef.  They also offer a BBQ pork sandwich which is pretty darn good.  I can't wait to try their philly cheesesteak.Everything tastes very fresh and the people running the truck are very nice.  Gonna be back soon!
2	This is a time I wish there were 1/2 stars, it was 2.5 star worthy. Had the Philly Cheeze Steak ($8). The bread was dry, but meat was tender and the cheese was nice and melty. However, overall, it was pretty unmemorable and hardly worth the wait.
5	One word ~ Rib eye. Yep you heard right, there steak and cheese sandwiches are made with fresh rib eye. This is the best steak and cheese sandwich in Las Vegas right now. They use fresh rib eye meat and chop it up even more as they grill this glorious sandwich to perfection. Things that make a great Philly: 1) good meat - well food slingers uses fresh rib eye so that is one of the best available meats for a Philly and it's always a nice portion of meat not to stingy. 2) Soft bread - There rolls are very soft and have just the right texture to enjoy this delicious treat. Not flaky at all. I have had at least a dozen of these sandwiches and will continue to eat their Phillie's until a better shows itself in Las Vegas.  At $8 it's a good deal because your eating rib eye that is filled with plenty of flavor.P.S. after typing this review my mouth started to water for one of their Philly cheese steaks.  That should help better understand just how good they are.  The Vegas Villain
5	The first time I actually got to try Foodslingers was at the trick or treat food truck fest last month. Lately, I haven't been in the mood for burgers or red meat but my sister & everyone kept going on about how good they were & how they they use fresh rib-eye & grind their own burgers. The owners are a very friendly cute couple. I ended up ordering a cheeseburger & a philly. I don't know what took me so long to try Foodslingers because it was soooooo good!! My companions & I agreed on how amazing the burger was. You could just taste the freshness of the burger. From the bread to the meat to the cheese to the veggies. Good stuff. My family, sister's family & my 2 cousin's families are hooked. Ever since I tried their cheeseburger, I haven't stopped thinking about it.
