3	This has been the setting for many rock shows that I have attended in Las Vegas. At first, I noticed some truly ludicrous behaviour from Hard Rock Live staff -- probably based on the venue policy that no one was supposed to be doing any "Hard Rock" antics -- but, as of late, they have been a bit more hands off with the practice of throwing people out for dancing. First off, the distinction between Hard Rock Cafe (on the strip)  and the upstairs Hard Rock Live, or rather an explanation of it: Sometime in 2013, HRC decided to rebrand, or really name for the very first time the upstairs space. My hypothesis is that they were tired of dumbasses getting all irate about going to the Hard Rock Cafe on Paradise, where the casino is (which is not owned by the HRC chain), when they were actually ticket holders to a gig here. Enter "Hard Rock Live."There is only one so how the fuck can you mistake it for the casino? The restaurant and souvenir shop on first couple if levels, respectfully, still keep the Hard Rock Cafe (on the strip) name. Confusing enough? Well, I am making the major assumption you are already aware of the fact there are two Hard Rock Cafes in Las Vegas (one on Blvd. and one on Paradise)(one being a stand-alone with a music venue and the other being adjacent to a resort with the casino area itself having several venues) Let me make it easier: coming to a show? Check in to this listing and review it here. Going to eat at the restaurant or purchase a dumb pin? Check in and review here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/hard-rock-hotel-and-casino-las-vegas-3.Now that I have wasted half of my characters allowed on a bunch of bullshit, lets get to the matter of Hard Rock Live. There are couches right outside of the ticketing threshold, or "doors," and one can sit there and relax, charge your fancy phone, and even listen to entire ticketed concerts without possessing a ticket. (This is a major Pro Tip. Do not abuse it, please.) It is straight ahead if you take the stairway -- like you should -- or to the left if you are getting off the elevators, fatty. There are more couches inside the venue, towards the way back or west part of the space, but a lot more people frequent those and I am, at the date of this review, uncertain if there is an all-important electrical plug. I have never had drinks here, so you are on your own in regards to that. Don't drink and walk. (Very perilous: http://freakonomics.com/2011/12/28/the-perils-of-drunk-walking/.)The restrooms -- at least the gentlemen's (do your own research on the ladies) -- has an attendant, so you are going to need cash money if you are heading in there (unless you are an asshole)(wash your fucking hands, pig).I have heard too many artists perform here to list (and you would not care anyway). A little tidbit: The Killers, practically, performed here in the last couple of years when the drummer, Ronnie Vannucci brought his side project here, and other Killers joined him on stage. This was one of the only venues on the strip -- along with The Pub inside Monte Carlo, which is across the street from HRL -- that allowed Imagine Dragons the forum to perform live when they were coming up (which strangely, is only a year ago). They opened for artists and additionally headlined sparsely attended shows here, including one of their many EP releases. There is no parking except a garage behind the venue that is for the theatre which charges. Best if you park at the Monte Carlo garage or the MGM Grand garage and walk here. There is an outside balcony area overlooking the strip where one could smoke, if so inclined. Their searches here include wanding front and back. - E
4	Went to see David Cook and Paper Tigers on 1/11/14.  Great room and show.  Good sound/strip view/good bar and service.  Make sure you don't pass by ticket counter on first floor.
5	My favorite venue for live music in Vegas. An intimate setting with a great layout. Not a bad view in the house. Have caught acts such as Cursive, Minus The Bear, Clutch and most recently Crosses here. Haven't been disappointed once. Ticket prices are very reasonable for a Vegas show. Drink prices are a bit steep, but aren't as bad as most venues on the strip. You can even see the stage from the backside of the bar while waiting for drinks.
1	This place is a joke they have the worst management!no idea how to initiate conflict resolution between unruley staff and patrons.I saw a contract security guard grab someone by the throat for no reason then push him.Security is outrageous. Stay away from this place by all means!! I WILL NEVER RECOMMEND THIS PLACE
4	Don't confuse this with The Joint music venue at the Hard Rock Hotel! It's an easy mistake to make but this place is different! This is a fantastic, intimate little venue that covers 3 stories on the Vegas strip. The first floor is a classic Hard Rock Cafe shop, the second floor is a Hard Rock Cafe where you can eat to the beat, and the third floor is the Hard Rock Live concert venue. Parking isn't that convenient (park in the Showcase Mall lot and walk over; parking costs $3). I love this venue because while it's small, the room is spacious and you never feel too crowded in. There's a small stage and standing area, followed by an elevated bar with classic stool seating, several large and comfy couches, as well as an outdoor balcony (for smokers) that overlooks the Strip. The bar is huge and as you'd expect, drinks are expensive (think $14 for a small cup of bourbon). The best thing about this venue is that there are televisions EVERYWHERE that have a birds-eye view of the concert. So if you want to step away from the crowd and get a drink, you won't miss the show! I love love LOVE this and in some cases what you see on the televisions is a better view that what you see live. The sound system is great and tickets usually aren't too expensive (i just paid $20 to see GWAR last week). Clean bathrooms with lots of stalls and cool rock and roll memorabilia on the walls. Friendly security guards. This is just a great place. If you have the chance to see a concert here, do it!
