5	My fiance and I moved to Pittsburgh in June. As every lady knows, finding a new stylist can be daunting. I initially just got a haircut to see if I felt comfortable at Dante, which Haley executed perfectly. A couple months later, my hair still looked great, but I figured I'd give color a try there as well. Brandy asked just the right questions to get me the effect I was going for. I got partial foil highlights, a cut, and a blowout. Their prices are extremely reasonable for the attention to detail you get at this salon. They have very high quality products as well, which left my hair smelling and looking great even the next day. Even the front desk is extremely friendly and helpful. Thanks Dante Salon, for making a girl feel at home!
5	I just got back from an appointment with Haley, and I am extremely happy with my cut!  I've been wanting to get bangs for a while now and finally decided to, still with some hesitation.  Haley was extremely helpful in helping me decide how to get them cut and suggesting what would look best.  She also made sure to ask me as she was going if I liked how they looked.  The rest of the cut looks amazing as well, I couldn't be happier!  Plus, as a poor college student, the price for a cut with her is very reasonable.
5	I lived in Los Angeles and have gone to many salons in Beverly Hills and paid top dollar. I was looking for something like that. I went here and let me say I am so happy about my hair!! I wanted a completely new  look with bangs. I was very scared getting this done with a new hairdresser. But wow!! I am so happy with my hair! It looks exactly like the picture I brought in!! Haley was my hairdresser. She is down to earth and very nice!! I am defiantly going to be her regular!! This place has a great price!!!!  Very affordable!! My hair looks better then what I paid in LA and I got it way cheaper!!  I wish I could've tipped more!! I defiantly recommend coming here!!! And Haley is the best!!
5	Kelley is fabulous.  I've had highlights, cuts, and recently ombre - she's the best.
1	Dante Salon changed owners a few months ago and is now called Mint Salon.  The new owner, Kelly, clearly has no customer service skills nor any regard for the satisfaction of her clients.  I suspect she will be out of business very, very soon.  I'm about to write a novel, but the summary is that there are plenty of other good salons in the area and Dante/Mint does NOT deserve your business!!Danielle is the one who attempted to color my hair.  She failed miserably.  I went in to see if I could get a color consultation appointment and I talked to Danielle about doing on ombre on my slightly-longer-than-shoulder-length hair.  I know that ombre is typically done on darker, longer, more layered hair, but I have seen it look really nice on hair similar to mine.  I have never had my hair colored before, so I asked lots of questions to make sure I was going to get exactly what I wanted.  I explained to her why I wanted an ombre: I wanted some sort of color change, but don't want it to grow out noticeably, and ombre is just color on the ends of the hair, which is perfect.  Danielle said that she just learned a new technique to ombre hair in a more subtle way, and we agreed that sounded like a good idea because of my hair length and color.I ended up with a weird mixture of chunky and stringy highlights that didn't quite touch my roots.  It looked awful.  Absolutely not an ombre by ANY means.  But, since I'd never had my hair colored before, it took me a day or so to realize how botched it was.  I called them and explained that I don't think I got what I asked for, and if I could come back in to have them fix it.  The receptionist was really polite and sweet and told me to come back in and they would take care of it.  Round two, I should not have trusted Danielle again.  She put a color lifter on my ends and called it a day, only after charging me for the product and a crooked trim.  It looked even worse.  Again, I should have realized before I left, but I felt like I was under a lot of pressure.  Danielle and Kelly consulted with each other within my earshot about how they -did- give me an ombre, and just in general made me feel like I was being a huge problem for them.  I made sure to be extra polite but it didn't seem to matter.I ended up going to Nadia Salon on Walnut Street where Lee saved my hair.  However, the damage that Danielle did was so extensive that he had to cut off a bunch of dead ends, fix the crooked trim, and apply color to my roots to cover the highlights--- all of these things could have been avoided if only Danielle had actually given me the hair I asked for, instead of defending herself and using me as a guinea pig for this so called "new technique".I went back to Mint/Dante and (politely, again) asked to speak with the owner.  She was with a client, so I asked her if she would have time to speak with me today at all.  She flat out said "nope"!  I understand that she was busy but that was so rude. It's a small place (same 4 stylists each time I was there) so I am positive she recognized me.  Danielle was at the front desk and I told her that even though I came back to have my hair fixed, I am still not happy with it, and would like to know if I could get some sort of refund.  She gave me Kelly's card and said I could email her.  (I brought my boyfriend with me so that I wouldn't back down) He politely said that I have already spent a lot of time/money here, and I don't want emailing her to be another big ordeal. We were there to clear the air and talk with the owner before writing a bad review somewhere.  Danielle said Kelly would be able to talk with us in 15 minutes.  We waited 25 minutes while listening to them talk about how my hair looks worse now (it doesn't).  After that, I left my email and told Kelly she could contact me to work something out.  Then I got the f*** out of there.I'm sure other stylists there have done good work, and normally I would say that the stylist does not represent the whole of the salon, but Kelly was unbelievably rude.  She is the owner of the salon and therefore she must own up to the work of her stylists.  I would be willing to edit this review if she contacted me for a refund, but it really doesn't seem like that's her style.Please, please don't give them your money.Picture of my hair after the first visit: http://i.imgur.com/E853WIg.jpghttp://i.imgur.com/2Z10s4Z.jpgThat's supposed to be an ombre..After she "fixed it":http://i.imgur.com/PMJL5KA.jpghttp://i.imgur.com/G81QvMX.jpg
5	Mint Salon/ Dante really DOES deserve your business!!!!! I will not write novel,but tell you that Kelley, yes the owner, is wonderful. She is talented, energetic and truly cares about every customer. When I arrived there in Sept 2013, after a horrible haircut from another nameless salon. Kelley assured me that with careful cutting and time...my hair would recover.....my 1st cut was to correct all the previous errors, all the cuts that followed fine tuned an amazing haircut.....and my haircut today.....well let me say that had i skipped my cut, no one would have know....the perfect haircut....i NEVER have "bad" hair days....... the staff is friendly and welcoming...the new flair and design of the salon is fresh and lively....I hope that Alison S will never come back...try Super Cuts!
5	I recently saw Kelley at Mint Salon. The salon itself is extremely welcoming when you walk in the door. I love walking in to a place with smiling faces, great music and beautiful decor. This salon has all three. Kelley immediately greeted my son and I. I sit down in her chair and deliver a vague description I have been dreaming up for my style. Kelley listens to me and is patient with my Pinterest pins and immediately mixes the colors I described. Then, Kelley is applying color telling me stories and singing and dancing. When Kelley is finished with my hair she asks me if I like it..... I immediately reply that I Love it!! I know that every time I see her I will love her work. Kelley puts her energy and style into her work and let's be honest sometimes those traits are difficult to find. I would suggest Kelley and Mint Salon time and time again!!
5	I love Mint Salon.  You will not walk out disappointed. .The girls do a great job of keeping their clients looking modern, fresh, and hip. Fun atmosphere.  Kelly is an artist...The only person who has ever given me a killer cute short haircut...goes into place almost on its own due to the precision of the cut....and she does a fab job on my b f's hair..guys trust me it's worth a few more bucks than a mall haircut, you can see the difference.
5	Love this salon and the stylists that work there.  I live in Greensburg, Pa with plenty of hair salons around, but make the 45 min drive every few weeks to see Dani.  She is extremely knowledgeable about color and is more then willing to try something new. If you are looking for a fresh look stop into Mint salon and ask for Dani! She won't disappoint!
5	I've been coming here for a bit under a year now. My first experience in Pittsburgh was at Nadia Salon (and it wasn't a great experience). I asked around, and was recommended Dante Salon (now Mint) by a guy who had a pretty respectably well done haircut.Up until today, I had been getting my hair cut by Haley, who always did a great job, was friendly but focused on my hair, rather than conversation. Unfortunately, as I found out yesterday, she's no longer with Mint. So, today I had an appointment at 9am (conveniently before work) with Brandy, and was again very happy with the quality of service. She was very focused on doing a good cut, talked about options for changing it up a bit, listened to what I wanted, and used a lot of techniques I've never seen before for texturizing & reducing bulk.She's my second stylist who studied at a Tony & Guy school - and I'm convinced that school knows what they're doing, teaching good men's haircut techniques. The ambiance is nice. The cuts are excellent. The price is right. What more could you want?
5	Look no further.  You've just found your new go-to, #1, favorite salon! Mint has a hip, modern, comfortable, relaxed, fresh feel. You'll feel welcome as soon as u step foot in the door by the warm and friendly staff. My mom and I go every couple weeks. She loves the way Kelley styles her. She's never been able to find someone to style her hair exactly how she describes! She leaves with exactly what she wanted every time! Kelley is a professional, seasoned stylist blessed with a gift of making her clients look good!
5	I've been a client of Kelley's for about 10 years now.  This salon really embodies what can describe Kelley as a stylist - fresh, unique and modern.  I always have a hard time figuring out what I want to do with my hair. I love that Kelley gives me imput and really takes her time to make sure I'm getting exactly what I want ( even when I don't know what that is). You can really tell that this is her passion. She always picks the perfect color for me. And when I'm ready for a change, she always has something even more perfect already in mind. And the color really stays! I have to wash my hair every day & I can go six weeks with no problem!  The other thing that makes me love this place even more is the rest of the staff. Everyone is so welcoming that you really feel like you're in a room with a bunch of friends. The energy in this place is just infectious! You can really tell when people truly enjoy working with each other, which makes for a comfortable,  enjoyable & pleasant experience.  And did I mention there's wine??
4	Got a trim on Christmas Eve. Called upfront around 10 AM and was connected immediately.Daniel was very detailed and worked with my hair with great patience (I have very thick hair). I asked if I could keep the current length and thin out, and after the shampoo, cut (trim) and drying, she patiently worked on thinning out my hair.I thought all the questions she asked me were precise (where I wanted to part my hair, if I wanted to keep the length of my bang which was longer than the rest, etc.) and I'm happy with the outcome.This is my second haircut in the US... My first experience at a "high-end" salon was not good so I wasn't expecting to be satisfied, but such a pleasant surprise!Also, the conversation throughout was warm and pleasant. I'm the one who likes to watch the process instead of talking, plus the language difficulty as being a foreigner, doubles up making me more silent, but I enjoyed the conversation.Unfortunately, I'm not too happy with the shampoo (no capes or towels put on to avoid getting wet) therefore the 4 stars. (Maybe this is something I will be facing anywhere and everywhere.)The artworks on the wall are giving a nice unique taste.
