4	I've been living here over a year now and really love the neighborhood.  Although it's secluded from any nightlife (I prefer that at my age) it still has a nice vibe by the pool in the summer.  The townhouse that I have is very quiet, spacious, and keeps in heat in the winter and air in the summer.  The staff is friendly and responds quickly if you need them.  Only once have I heard some tool come home with his/her stereo blasting from the car, but for the most part, the tenants are typically working adults or married young couples.  There is plenty nearby, like two AJ's, CVS, Basha's, Valero (yay! American gas!) and quick access to the 101.  Although not cheap, I prefer the atmosphere and peace you can find here.
4	I have been here for going on 3 months now and what can I say but I like it here. You pay a premium but you get what you pay for. I like not hearing my neighbors or loud young adults partying till the early morning hours on the weekend. The pros:Quiet and remote location that keeps the noise pollution to a minimum. Fast response to any work orders you may have...(I only had an issue with replacing my air filter which was done within minutes) Great friendly staff and very helpful... the make you feel like they genuinely care about their job. The amenities are nice with a pool and hot tub that is open 24 hours a day. The gym is great with ample work out equipment, towels, Direct TV on each machine that you plug a headset in to listen. Anti germ wipes to keep the equipment clean. Very clean place that is well maintained. Ample parking for guests but your reserved space may be a little too far in my opinion. Updated features with granite countertops, real wood cabinets, microwave oven, refrigerator with water/ice/crushed ice dispenser. Cons: The only thing I can really think of is the parking situation. My reserved spot is on the other end of another adjacent building so it is out of my way to park there. Therefore I am paying extra for a garage that is closer. This is the only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5. Typically you see tenants on the upper floors get the closer parking spaces or even garages included and the ground floor tenants get spaces a little further out as it becomes a matter of convenience. However, I am not sure how they figured out the parking situation here but it doesn't seem to make sense. For example my neighbor that is closer to the stairs and parking lot is assigned the garage directly underneath my unit where I have to walk accross my building down another to the opposite end of the complex for my assigned parking space. This makes it very inconvenient when it comes to groceries or what have you. But that's about all I can think of... if they fix the parking issue they would be 5 stars..Overall I think I will stay here for awhile and I highly recommend this place to anyone that understands you get what you pay for and you will love this place as I and the other tenants do. Great job to the staff here at Desert Parks Vista!!
1	There is a real danger in signing a contract with company that truly believe they don't have to fix a problem, 'Nothin can touch them' so, complaints bounce. And your concerns are just... Well, yours!  There is no upper management, and if there is any, they hide behind incompetent ladies that make you feel you are talking to a wall. The AJ in the corner is nice, the neighborhood is awesome, the exterior will draw you in, but the truth is you will regret this decision. Look at all the reviews..... The ones that rated positive are those who started living there a year, or less, and have'nt had to leave yet. That will soon change. Check back! They will soon  find the color rose wear off, and the little stars and unicorns fly away. If you have not taken your decision, let my situation just save you from it... Go the other way. There are other options. I live now in a bigger, better place in the area. What a waste that was. Overpriced, and not worth the aftermath. How can they get away with it is beyond me... But they do. Way too many times!! (Do your research) The sheriff needs to look into this!!
