5	I have been taking vehicles to this place for 15+ years, mostly for routine maintenance, but occasionally for the other annoying things your car does to you. We have never had any problems with their service or repairs, and they have always been reasonably priced, fair and honest with us.They also refill propane tanks.Note -- this business has outlasted at least two gas suppliers. Previous names include McClintock Unocal and McClintock 76 :-)
1	Stay FAR AWAY from this place.  Complete scammers.  My girlfriend brought here car in with a slow starting problem and said she thought it may be the starter.  Without running the simple diagnostic on it to confirm this was the problem, they replaced a perfectly good starter ($550 with labor)--it was only then that they proceeded to tell her that the battery was the real problem.  I asked the manager afterwards why they would not check the starter (which literally takes 5 seconds) and said he just does what the customer asks for and was obviously unwilling to refund any portion of the unnecessary work.  So unless you (or your wife, daughter, etc) are a licensed mechanic, do not use this garage.COMPLETE AND TOTAL SCAM ARTISTS.  You would be better off taking your vehicle literally anywhere else.
5	Same with the previous post, I've also been taking my car for almost 15 years, since 1998! I, and my entire family, have trusted them with with countless cars over the years. Duane is the manager and he is one of the most honest people I've met period, let alone in the auto-repair industry. I have countless stories of how we have taken cars to Duane over the years, fully prepared to pay hundreds of dollars on repairs only to find that he could solve it easily for $40 or sometimes nothing at all. He could have easily charged us $600 and I would've believed him. I had another time when I was fighting with Mazda over warranty repairs, and he got on the phone with them on my behalf to ask all the technical questions. Didn't help him out or give him any business, but he saw that I needed help and didn't hesitate to do whatever it took. Never thought I would say this about an auto-repair shop, but I trust these guys 100% and I don't think I'll ever be able to find anyone that matches their customer service and honesty.
4	My entire family and I have been coming to McClintock Shell for years.  The prices are a little bit more expensive than your average garage, but you know that they're going to fix it right the first time.  I just got my starter replaced there for about 250 bucks, and my clutch replaced a few years before that for right at a grand.  My license plate light went out a while back, and although I bought the bulb to change it myself I was unable to remove the panel.  I brought it in to see if they could help out and Duane dropped everything to come out and replace it for me free of charge.    They really make a point to get to know you there.  I'm 22 years old, and as a woman I feel totally comfortable going there and asking questions.  They take the time to explain everything to me and have been nothing but courteous and accommodating.
1	Incompetent and unprofessional.  I took my car in because it developed a miss, the kind typical of something wrong with the ignition system.  I specifically asked if they did computer diagnostics and they assured me they did.  They called me later with the results - said it needed the carburetor rebuilt for around $400.  I went over to pick up the car and decide what to do.  I asked to see a printout of the computer diagnostic so i could see if the ignition system had checked out OK.  He didn't have a printout.  When I asked more about their "computer system" his answers got really weaselly.  I paid them the Diagnostic fee.  I didn't believe them and took the care to a different shop that I like but that was much farther away to have them check it.  They checked and said the problem was a bad spark plug that was all fouled and showed me the plug, it was a mess.  They had put in a new plug to replace it and they car ran fine.  They said it would probably foul it again because the valve stem seals were leaking.  They also said there was nothing wrong with the carburetor and the car ran great when I drove away.   I went back to the Shell station with the results and asked to speak to the owner.  Supposedly he wasn't there.  I came back later and the same guy was there and I finally pinned him down to at least admit he was in charge and showed him the results from the second shop and explained that with the 1 new $2 plug the problem was fixed.  Asked him how such a clearly bad plug, which I showed him, would not have literally jumped off the computer screen of his "computer diagnostics".  He just try to BS his way around without answering.  I told him I thought they owed me my money back for their "diagnosis" since it was so clearly wrong.  He refused to even consider it.    I wouldn't trust this place to wash my windows much less do any work on my car.
3	they are not very prompt with their service. the manager will quote that a service takes shorter than what actually is necessary. beware. an oil change is not 30 minutes, it can take over an hour sitting in the waiting room. they have not been very accurate with quoting prices, as well. I had some service done on my car that they originally quoted to be $300. by the next week (they had my car forever) it was nearly $1200. I understand they may have found moreproblems, but every day it was something different.often times when I leave my car there for an oil change, they forget to call me to let me know the car is ready. I'll be waiting for up to 5 hours for my car till I finally phone in and they tell me that it's ready.most people come here out of loyalty, because it's been here for so long. my family has been going here for 15+ years. now that I have control over my car and I'm paying for the services, I'm going to look somewhere else.
2	We visited here on late Friday night after being at the ER for awhile with our son.   We were wiped out and very tired, and also in need of gas for our vehicle.  We were planning on going to the gas station across the street, but saw that this Shell was almost 10 cents less per gallon.One of the few times I actually had cash, my husband saw that the lower price was due to the cash price.  That is the only thing I am happy about is that they displayed this right off the bat, so you're not already at the pump, with your car turned off that the lower price is cash and not for debit or credit.As I went into to pay, the attendant was a very strange person.  I kept it simple - 40 on pump 4.  He had to ask and then explain to me that I was going to put $40 at the pump.  Okay.  I know.  That's what I said.  I knew my car would take less.  The gas pump was filling our car super slow and it's a small 11 gallon tank.  I could fill my 20 gallon tank at Costco in much less time than it took this 11 gallon tank.It came to $26 and some change, which I had $6 and the change, so I went in with that.  The attendant was already prepared to give me change from the $40, not give him additional money because I didn't want all that change, only $20 back.  He was not happy about that and I insisted I wanted the $20 and he relented.Frankly, it was late, probably near 11:30 pm.  My husband, son and I were super tired.  It was my son's and my 2nd time to an emergency medical place that day and I really was in no mood to argue with anyone.The clerk's behavior was just so strange and non-customer service friendly.  We won't be coming back.
1	Prices on sign don't match price at pump. I get that they discount for cash but it's misleading to post the discounted price on the sign. That should be posted on the pump. I can get gas for at least ten cents cheaper across the street with nicer customer service, pumps I don't have to lean on to get to pump, and honest signage.
