4	Before I begin my review, I must ask the good people at Murray Avenue Apothecary a good question. Why are you not open on Saturdays? The only day I can come here is on Friday, either because I'm off work or I get done at 4pm instead of 5pm! So you lose a star for your hours. Having said this, I've been coming to the Murray Avenue Apothecary since my 20s for some of my diabetes medications, except for my insulin. Murray Avenue Apothecary is a "Compounding Pharmacy". What is a "Compounding Pharmacy"? Per the website, "A growing number of people have unique health needs that off-the-shelf prescription medicines cannot meet. For them, customized, compounded medications prescribed or ordered by licensed physicians or veterinarians and mixed safely by trained, licensed compounding pharmacists are the only way to better health." Being a type-1 diabetic, my medical needs sometimes differ from those of non-diabetics. Generally, whenever I need medication that everyone else uses, like Lipitor or cold or flu medications, I just go to Rite-Aid, CVS, or Giant Eagle. But when I need specialized medications, I come here. For example, recently my dentist prescribed Chlorhexidine 0.2% Oral Rinse because he was concerned about plaque build-up. That rinse is a very effective one for diabetics to use. I have found that the staff here is very friendly and knowledgeable. They can answer any questions or concerns that you might have about your medication. They also sell a lot of non-prescription medications that you can't find at the chain pharmacies. If you are a pet owner, Murray Avenue Apothecary has a lot of veterinary medications and veterinary care products that you cannot find anywhere else. You might want to check their website for the products and services they offer.
5	I just called in for a transdermal anti-anxiety medicine for my kitty who recently, for no known reason, started peeing on my bed. I had tried multiple things to try and deter this behaviour before finally resolving to kitty prozac. The staff was really helpful over the phone. The lady I spoke with gave me a few more things to try, other sources of information, and consequently put the transdermal gel on hold for me till I was sure there was no other way to change kitty's behaviour.
4	O' Murray Avenue Apothecary!  You've been here all these years and yet you're still only open until 5pm on weekdays.  That 5th star would be all yours if only you kept later and/or Saturday hours!  So being that on Thursday I'll be traveling to Washington, DC, I'll have to take an hour of annual leave tomorrow.  I have to pick up my prescription and take advantage of that anniversary on line coupon you're running until May 31.  You also have wonderful skin care products from Vital Therapy, such as Raspberry Scrub (my favorite), Vitamin C Serum, and Vital Therapy Apple Delight Cleanser.  On the other hand, your new on line prescription service makes ordering a breeze.
5	I'm happy to have found a local  compounding pharmacy from which to get DHEA. Susan, the pharmacist/owner, is great. She takes time to listen and will get you headed in the right direction to address your health concerns, especially regarding hormones. They carry lots of high quality products including Sun Warrior protein powders. Highly recommend.
5	I had a very ill kitty that needed special medication.  He had kidney problems and problems with his thyroid also.  The people at Murray Avenue Apothecary were very caring and easy to deal with. They mixed the medication and even told me the price up front before I ordered it. I had ordered it from another place and had nothing but problems with it.  The Murray Avenue group "fixed" the problem and it certainly made a very difficult time much easier for me.  I have nothing but good things to say about them and will definitely be using them in the future.  I would also recommend them to anyone and have already done so to my vet.
5	Love the lab naturalist products! Such a great amd unique place in Pittsburgh. Definitely worth a visit.
2	I really hate to have to update this review, but I wanted to give people a heads up. I recently purchased a Living social deal for this store and had a horrible experience redeeming it there. Not only did I need to explain to the store clerk what it was and how it worked, I realized after leaving the store that I had sadly paid more for the products than if I had just gone in off the street without the living social. If you do not want to offer discounts, I would suggest not working with Living Social. Otherwise, you should treat all customers with respect and not make people feel guilty or bad, or in the end, make them pay more for a product because of it. I try to support local businesses as much as possible, but sadly I will just have to buy these products online for now on.
5	Murray Avenue Apothecary has been my source for natural supplements since 2007. The staff is very knowledgeable and helpful and I love the friendly service and attention to detail too. I believe that the products that my family buys at Murray Avenue are of the best quality available. It's wonderful to have an apothecary in Pittsburgh that provides medicines, supplements and skin care for people with sensitivity issues like me. Thanks for helping me to stay healthy year round  Murray Ave! Leigh S.
5	I have been working with Susan and her staff since July 2013. I have just not been myself and had a lot of weight gain that I couldn't explain. All my routine blood work was normal but I knew something was not right. I had the saliva testing Susan recommends ( you take it home and UPS it to the lab)   Testing was easy and they send a detailed report to Susan and she sets up a time and goes over it in detail. Just because routine testing say "normal range " does not mean it's great. She recommended supplements,but she is always aware of keeping your cost down,since such things aren't covered by insurance. I started the supplements she recommended and I'm slowly but surely improving. Miracle cure? Of course not!  But when you are stressed your body becomes depleted of necessary vitamins and minerals. Here is what I love best about this place, you can walk in after not being there for months and Susan remembers you ,will stop and talk to you ,and try and help. You don't get this at a Vitamin World and since Susan is a pharmacist,I she knows what may not work for you because of medications you may be on . They enjoy their work and really like their customers, how unique in this day and age ! I am so happy I found Murray Avenue Apothecary!
5	Thank you Susan Merenstein for having the knowledge to see what my doctors didn't and suggesting that I get thyroid blood testing done. It was not just the regular, normal blood test you recommended, but the two other SPECIFIC thyroid blood tests. The blood test results indicated that I have hypothyroid. No wonder I've been so tired with no energy not to I mention that my hair was falling out in clumps. My doctor started me on a low dose of synthroid. The pharmacist told me it will take 2-4 weeks to kick in. Susan, thank you for getting the ball rolling. Your patience and kindness are two wonderful characteristics that you possess. Thank you for solving one of my mysteries.
