5	Annie Creamcheese moved to Tivoli Village! The prices have lowered since the Palazzo location, and the quality of clothing is great. Most of the clothing and accessories haven't been worn at all and few were worn twice at most. They now have a men's rack, as well! I did my Christmas shopping here and everyone loved the gifts I got them. I only spent $180 on about 5 people!The only trick is getting to the store. It's on the 2nd floor of the Market LV, which is in Le Arte building of Tivoli Village. Not many people know about that whole floor, thinking that the Crepe restaurant is the Market, but if you take the elevator next to Kidville or go up the stairs in the Crepe restaurant, you'll find about 16 stores and a restaurant with amazing food at a low price! I highly recommend going to Annie Creamcheese as well as the other places on that floor!
1	I would never come back in here. I was snubbed the moment I walked in. I asked the woman who was working in the store a few questions when I came in with a friend about their buyers who they purchase from and if they purchase from people who walk in the store with items maybe like a buffalo exchange type of idea but obviously much more lavish and couture items. The woman didn't want to be bothered with my questions nor did she offer me a dressing room or any other help with items I was simply told "look on the tags" If you expect me to drop $500 on an item don't tell me I need to be reading tags to find out about it. Its a used piece, I want to know its story. Where did it come from? what era? who's is by? Etc. They could have had a reoccurring customer who enjoys purchasing items such as Annie Creamchesse has to offer but I'll look els were considering I don't have time to deal with people who treat others as I was treated.
4	I really enjoyed browsing & buying a few items!!! Unique jewelry & clothing pieces that can dazzle a boring tee shirt.  At least I know I purchased some wow items one of them a mauve pleated maxi that Garrett,the owner recreated himself to a short length dress which I'm going to wear to a wedding reception next week!  Wide variety & interest ing collection of vintage evening purses & distressed leather saddle bags!I was fortunate to walk-in for the first time with Garrett making room for new items hence I bought at bargain prices.  Great pieces I can definitely use for photo shoots!I shall return lol it's fun talking fashion with Garrett too - very charming and accommodating to everyone who walked in to browse.  Luv!There's valet parking and self parking. Elevators for easy access to The Market.
