2	If you don't want to grab yourself something from one of the fast food places in the food court, pull up a seat at Chili's Too instead, where you can be served by people who don't generally seem interested in working there, pay too much for whatever it is that you are ordering and have all sorts of people watch as you try and enjoy a leisurely meal.You might be able to tell that this is probably not my favorite place to eat in the mall.  I'd actually rather grab a hot dog from Nathan's Famous.  It's only partially because I worked at Chili's a long time ago.  It's really because I don't like malls in general, and I don't go there to sit and try and enjoy a meal.Most importantly, I don't want to wait in a line that is - amazingly - always longer than it should be to be treated poorly for overpriced food and leave much unhappier than when I arrived.  In other words, get fast food from elsewhere.  You have lots of choices.
1	I have been to this location multiple times and every time the service is horrendous and the food is mediocre. Not sure if the location being in a mall has to do with it, but stay away unless you are really disparate for some grub.
1	This Chili's is horrible and has made me never want to go to a Chili's again.  As a matter of fact I haven't.They are very slow and the food is not that good.My daughter got very sick eating here.  She had a cheeseburger and was ill the whole night until she finally threw up.  She feels like Chili's poisoned her.  Now that's some honesty for you!
2	It was my very first time going to Chili's and it might just be my last time too. There are far more restaurants with better quality than this. However, it may be one of the better options at the food court inside of the Concord Mills Outlet Mall. All the food was either just average, or below average. The tortilla soup was way over salted. The chili was just tasteless. The burgers and sandwiches were OK. I felt like it would be easy to make that. I got the sliders and they tasted like, well sliders. Nothing about the sliders wowed me. I thought the fries were good though. I'm glad the lunch special came with a soup or salad and some fries because I definitely have had better for the price it was.I guess being average isn't so bad. However Chili's average food wasn't the thing I was looking for.
4	stopped in before a movie, had 25 minutes to eat and get out of there. Server was great he brought us everything we needed and was professional about it. Beer was nice and cold and food was above par. All said and done made it to the movie right on time.
4	Nice place...we waited 20 minutes to get seats! But the food was very good. The staff were so friendly...
1	A smaller Chili's stuffed into the food court at Concord Mills mall, my wife, daughter, granddaughter and I stopped in for a bite to eat while out Christmas shopping.The food here is fair at best and not worth the price. I got a Buffalo chicken sandwich which was a breaded, formed chicken patty, not a grilled chicken breast, with very little bleu cheese or buffalo sauce and neither one had much flavor that I paid $8 for with a side of fries which was better than the sandwich.My wife was not informed the soup she ordered they were out of until she ordered even though it was still on the menu. She settle for a grilled chicken salad which said was just ok. My granddaughters mac and cheese looked like, and according to my daughter, tasted like a 50 cent box of Kraft mac and cheese from the grocery store and they charged $5 for that with a vegetable side!My daughter said her chicken enchilada soup was good, but a small bowl of soup with a small side salad was $8. .It was not that busy for us to have to wait over 30 minutes for our food and service was just ok. The wait, food quality and service was no where near worth the $38 we paid.If you choose any other place in the food court to eat, you would come out better than eating here.
1	This is a horrible place the food was gross and now I'm sick and I mean sick!!! I can't even get out of bed from food poisoning. I hate chain restaurants just went there because someone in the family insisted on going there.
4	I'm giving away a secret. They have some strange deal here where you buy a beer and get two free shots. Yes, you read that right. Good shots. Do I want a shot, much less 2, while shopping at Concord Mills mall? No, not really. HOWEVER, this comes in handy during the chaos of the holiday season. It is a ridiculous deal. It should be illegal. It is not. I think you have to order at the bar to get this. I have also heard that the airport Chili's Too has the same ridiculous deal.Mind you, I cannot get them 5 stars because I refuse to eat the food. It is soooooo gross.
3	I decided to get a bite to eat after shopping and the place was practically empty.  The server was great and I only ordered the soup and salad because they didn't have the shrimp tacos or Mac n cheese. Was told their menu varies from the traditional Chili's menu.
1	Worst service ever experienced by a waiter. Cameron, the bartender, saw what was going on and came and took care of us. He saw it took 18 minutes to get our initial drinks. (only got them because Cameron brought them to us) Ordered appetizer and it was never rang in. Cameron finally rang it in for us. Ordered a second round of drinks and they were never rang in, 30 minutes later Cameron came over. A table of 4, sat at the same time, had boxes with left-overs before we even had our appetizer. So disappointed in the inconsistency.  If it wasn't for Cameron, I would have walked out. this was not a good experience..
1	Do not come here if you want fast service.A few teammates and I came here for a quick bite to eat, and we only had an hour. At 5:00 in the afternoon on a Sunday, it was pretty dead and we expected to get in and out quickly. After being seated, our waiter was no where to be seen. After 10 minutes, I was forced to notify the hostess that we had not been greeted by anyone yet. It took another 10 minutes for our drinks to arrive (2 sodas and a water), and they were not even correct. When our food came out, I was served an entire salad when I specifically said a side salad with my steak. After realizing his mistake when inputting the order (because he didn't write it down), my correct order was put in. By the time my steak was served to me, my friends had already finished and I had no choice but to box the whole thing up because of our time constraint. It took FOREVER to get our checks, and after looking at mine, they charged me for the steak meal AND the salad meal! I paid in cash to hopefully speed the process up because it was already past our hour time limit. When the waiter came back, he told me there wasn't any change left in the drawer and that he had to get the manager to go in the safe to get more change for the register. At this point, I told him to just keep the change and we were out of there.Forever.
1	Every time I go here I have terrible service the waitress didn't check on me the entire 45 minutes I was eating after she brought me the wrong food. After I approached the manager he didn't do anything to help. Every one I know that's been here refuses to go back lol
