5	I called up Eric looking for a last minute massage the day before a big test, and I am so glad I did! I'll admit I was a little nervous, going to a masseuse that works in a studio behind his house, but my fears were put at ease as soon as I met Eric, who is very professional and very like-able. The studio is in a converted guest house behind his home, but the  room looks just like any other massage services room at any other spa. Also, he is extremely affordable and got the knots out of my back better than most masseuses at the over-the-top spas.  Do yourself a favor, and check out Eric @ Central Phoenix Massage.
5	When you're in pain , the first thing you want is relief!  I was definitely able to get that through my session with Eric.  I contacted him on a Sunday and he was able to see me that same day.  His communication regarding pressure and his attention to trouble spots was evident when I felt the pain relief I had been seeking for weeks.  I had gone to a chiropractor in my quest for pain relief, even telling the chiropractor exactly what happened and what was causing my pain, and the adjustments only made it worse.  Eric listened to my symptoms and was able to not only work within my tolerance, but also make sure the rest of my body was balanced as well.  The studio space he works out of is roomy and comfortable.  I highly recommend making an appointment for yourself!
5	Eric does not give a wimpy massage -- he puts a lot of skilled intention into all of the movements.  I left feeling like a huge weight had been lifted.  The massage studio is peaceful and relaxed, a simple and elegant space, and his work style puts you at ease.  Highly recommended for anyone, especially those used to spending a lot more at a spa who just want a great deal on a great massage in a convenient location.
5	This massage was amazing.  The location is very convenient to my work in mid-town Phoenix, and is in a comfortable guest house behind Eric's house.  Eric's rates are extremely affordable, and Eric was incredibly responsive with respect to my preferred amounts of pressure and areas of focus.  He shuffled things around with his personal schedule to get me in at my preferred date and time.  I was very impressed, and will definitely be booking another appointment.
5	Holy hell! Just had the best massage of my life today with Eric! I was extremely relaxed and comfortable as he worked his magic on my aching body. He has super prices- he's in an extremely convenient location- he can come to you- and he does an absolutely amazing job! I've already booked my next appointment!!
