5	Flop Shop is where I go for anything concerning my MItsubishi Mirage, whether it's something as simple as an oil/fluid change or as complex as fixing a catalytic converter.  The owner Filip is consistent, courteous, and cost-efficient, which makes me a loyal customer of his for life!  Also VERY knowledgeable on anything concerning Japanese automobiles (especially HONDA and MITSUBISHI). I would highly recommend this place to anyone in need of a trust-worthy mechanic!
5	Fabulous service, reliable and fair estimates!! I won't go anywhere else! Filip has done a great job keeping my 2006 Acura TSX in perfect condition!!
5	Filip is Awesome, Very Professional, and Trustworthy!!!!! I have already given his card out to 2 friends. Please read my story below to better understand the automotive repair experience Filip provided.When I moved from Ohio I lost my very reliable automotive repair technician. For the past 8 yrs I have been trying to find a professional automotive (ASE certified) technician that understands what customers need. I have a 2004 Toyota Camry that was due for several automotive repairs so I took it to the local Toyota dealership to get an oil change and have them inspect the entire car to generate a list of the needed repairs. The following items were on the list:      Leaking High Pressure Power Steering Hose      Leaking Return Power Steering Hose      Torn Lower Control Arm Bushing on the Drivers side      Torn Lower Control Arm Bushing on Passengers side      Rear Struts leaking-Both Sides      Air Cabin Filter      4-Wheel AlignmentThe price they quoted was ridiculous and was obviously out of the book used to quote how long a job takes. The worst part about dealerships is that they charge you for every hour the book quotes to make the repair even if the techs finish the job faster than the book outlined. Most repair jobs that have a repair list like above have some overlapping of hours between the jobs which is never recognized in the quote. The faster the tech gets the work completed, the more money they make(Both the Crooked Service Advisor and the technician). Also keep in mind that the massively inflated dealership repair shop rate includes profit for 4 parties(Dealership, Parts Department, Service Advisor, and Technician). After getting the list I then decided to search on craigslist in an attempt to find another reliable technician like in Ohio. Interestingly enough I noticed the Add for Flop Shop, which at first glance made me very skeptical about the place(My initial thought was chop shop?) but I figured why not just give a call and see what happens. Surprisingly, Filip answered the phone on New Years day even though Flop Shop was not open!! Yep that's right...this intrigued me enough to pursue a quote which he politely said he could give once back in the shop the following day. He did request the repair list I received from the dealership. The following morning Filip called me with a quote and I was very pleased with the pricing. Filip uses the same books to quote the hours of the work but accommodates by removing the greedy crooked other parties(Dealership, Service Advisor). Filip gets the parts directly from the manufacturers if possible so there is a lot less markup than at a dealership plus the warranties are always better. If he is unable to get the part from the manufacturer then he will search other local avenues for the new parts, even dealership parts departments, to make sure he can get your vehicle repaired in the timeframe you need. I agreed to the price and dropped the vehicle off on Saturday morning 9am. Filip outlined the level of communication he would provide throughout the day so I could stay up to date with the status of the repair, and he followed through perfectly. I always knew how the repair was coming along and when the repair was finished. In the morning Filip generated his own list of repairs and called me about what he found. Here is Filip's list of repair items:      Leaking LOW Pressure Power Steering Hose                (Dealership said it was the high pressure line which was double the cost   of the low pressure one)      Leaking Return Power Steering Hose      Torn Lower Control Arm Bushing on the Drivers side      Slightly Torn Lower Control Arm Bushing on Passengers side      Rear Struts-Weak(Not Leaking) on both sides      Weak Battery(Rough Starting)      4-Wheel Alignment      Broken Dog bone motor mount bushingFilip called me letting me know the changes(Low Pressure Steering hose, Battery, Motor Mount) and that the cost would not change because the combination of the Dog bone motor mount and the low pressure power steering hose equaled the cost of the high pressure steering hose. What shocked me was that the dealership didn't even noticed the completely blown out bushing on the dog bone mount and the weak battery. Filip noticed that the battery was from O-Reilly and called to see if it was a free warranty replacement and thankfully he was able to get a new battery for free saving me money and being stuck somewhere because my battery died. One of the other things you may have noticed between the lists was the exaggerations on key repairs(Leaking, etc..). Filip finished the majority of the repairs on Saturday and then had the alignment completed on Sunday. The car was repaired in the timeframe that Filip indicated and now it drives like it was new. Filip knows customers service and understands the needs of the customer. Filip is My New Automotive Repair Technician. Thank You Filip!!!!
5	So happy to finally find a mechanic that I can trust! I went to Toyota for my free oil change and was reminded again that I needed brakes. I knew that it was time but didn't want to get murdered on the price. I called up the flop shop after seeing the reviews and Filip was super awesome. He took me in on a Sunday (even though they are closed), did the job really fast and didn't try to tell me that everything needed replacing on my car. I saved almost $200!!! He's like a friend working on your car. Super honest and not trying to sell you on anything. I will definitely be using him as my go to guy and highly recommend his work!
5	The Flop Shop is the only place we will trust our vehicles. The owner is honest, hard-working and extremely knowledgable. Service is completed in a timely manner and always above expectations. Price is great. I suggest going to Filip for reliable high-quality service!
