4	Excellent! Very personable. Good quality used furniture. Steam cleaned. Same day delivery service! Thank you!
1	Do not try to sell to this guy. Here is his deal. He sends his fiance (I have no issue with her as she seemed professional) out to your house with some insulting low-ball offer. I gracefully declined the offer and told her I did not appreciate the offer and we parted ways as friends. Not even FIVE minutes later I get a simple text from Matt saying "GO FUCK YOURSELF." Horrible "business man" that should not be trusted in your home.PS - the 4/30 review is by his fiance. Sad that he had to have her write a positive review for him.
5	Great selection of couches, found the perfect one for our loft and gave Fresh Couch a call. It was delivered within an hour. Fast professional delivery and a great couch at a great deal.  It was in near new condition completely clean and odor free.
5	Great experience! Found a couch online and they delivered it to me THAT DAY! Genuinely friendly and honest people, something that seems to be lost these days. It was a seamless, hassle free transaction and I absolutely love my new couch! Just like new for a fraction of the cost. I would highly recommend Fresh Couch to anyone!
5	I bought a couch from 'Fresh Couch' a couple of weeks ago.  And as I'm sitting here on it, I must say...  it was well worth it!  The fresh couch people were easy to deal with, and I was especially pleased with how quickly they delivered it to my place.  I'm happy that I decided to buy from them, and I would do it again.
5	Purchased a sectional from Fresh Couch this afternoon. Saw the site off of a Yelp search for furniture and became interested due to the reviews. The communication was easy and once we met Matt, my boyfriend and I were pleased with the experience. The couch had few more scuffs than expected, but he was willing to negotiate the price. :) He offered to deliver that very moment (free!) and once he arrived, I asked if he could take our old couches and he did with no problem. We are very happy with the sectional, the price, and the experience. Thanks Fresh Couch!
