4	Yup! It's a typical Sonic's Drive-In.... but wait! Why do the staff here seem so much friendlier? I'm not sure, but go ahead and keep serving me that cherry limeade with a smile and a pep in your step! Love this location!
1	Foods always cold. Employees act abused the managers don't seem to enforce anything. I feel obligated to tip these poor employees to make up for their substantial wages. Don't go to this sonic, out of the others I've been to its possible that there business plan works but this shop is a lost cause.
3	Really love sonic, especially for ice cream dates with my son.  Love this location, staff is friendly and they do t disappoint.  However,my 3 star review is because all the teens that feel that every other word needs to be an F-Bomb.  Seriously, my 3 year old doesnt need to hear that! Bummer, because I really do like sonic a lot!
2	Let me start off by saying I don't expect much from fast food joints. Just got home from our Sonic run... And boy, did it suck. My boyfriend received some coupons in the mail so we decided to grab a quick late night dinner. I wanted to use the "2 Corndogs For $1" coupon and my boyfriend decided to try one of their Cheesy Bread Dogs. The girl who took our order seemed confused when I told her I had a coupon for the dollar corndogs. Employees should be aware of active promotions. When I received my receipt, we had been charged $3 dollars for the 2 corndogs and the boy who brought us our food STILL took the coupon even though we had not been charged accordingly. Also, my boyfriends hot dog was placed in the bag UPSIDE DOWN so all toppings had fallen off and were at the bottom of the bag. Made a complete mess of the outside of the bag, our napkins, and my corndogs. His dog was left naked and soggy. Like I said, I don't expect much, but a little common sense would be appreciated. 1 star because they were at least friendly, another because our shakes were tasty.
1	I've lived by this sonic many years now and everytime I've gone within the span of years it has just been a horrible experience. Food is always cold. Sonic car hops are always rude and the management seems even worse. The food service isnt even prompt like other fast food joints. This fast food restaurant is really disappointing. Id tell people to save your money rather than spend it on these over priced food items.
