4	Great food and great service. Not a place you want to eat in but you can. It's more of a take out place.The Italian and the Capistromi sub is my favorite.
4	I've been to many Capriotti's in Las Vegas and this one was basically the same as the rest. Good service, yummy food. Someone started to order before us when we were there first and the person who was taking our order told the customer to wait because we were there first. I thought that was very nice of him and showed that he valued us. Got the bobbie this time! I loved it but I have to admit I missed the bits of crushed pepper that comes on their regular subs. I think next time I will have to ask them to add it on top of the sub. It's just to good to not have!
4	Small sandwiches are always big enough for two. Nice location but the eat-in scenery is not cozy, but seems small.  I only get take-out from here.
4	You can never go wrong with a Bobbie!
5	Very impressed with this location. It was Very clean when walked in and smelled great. The staff acknowledged us immediately. We ordered The BOBBIE!! It was so delicious. We will be back it only takes us 10-15min on the freeway to get here. Well worth it.
2	Service at this location is not as good as some other one's. I walked in and waited at the counter for maybe 5 mins. I was staring at the girl behind the counter either she didn't see me and was too busy with her current order or didn't care. At least acknowledge the fact that I'm there waiting for someone to take me order! A quick 'hi I'll be right with you' would have been nice! Also I order a mushroom cheese stake with onions and lettuce. It was a to-go order so once I opened it I found no lettuce....fail. It was my first time at this location but I was not impressed with this store.
3	It's capriotti's.  Decent sandwiches, very few good brands of chips, sterile restaurants. I'm just not totally faschnickered on this place and never have been, but it's okay. I might never crave capriotti's but I'll definitely eat here again.
5	Capriotti's makes the best damn sandwiches. Bobbi, Italian, or Philly FTW. This location is setup a little different than others with their counter but I've never had a problem with service.
5	My sandwich is never messed up, its perfect every time. The staff is super friendly and attentive. Love this location so much. Yummy!
1	Rude staff and have to double check sandwiches to make sure they made them right and even to make sure it is the correct sandwich.  Multiple mistakes and poor service on several occasions gets this location 1 star
