1	If you move here, you will get bed bugs.  When you do, they will not fix the problem.  If you try to terminate your lease early due to the fact that you will have to throw out all of your furniture, get rid of bedding, clothes, linens, etc., they will attempt to charge you over $1000.  It is disgusting and the management is terrible.  DO NOT MOVE HERE!
1	I (unfortunately) lived here for 2 years while in grad school. I'll say the only good thing about this place is that it is cheap. About a year ago there was a huge plumbing problem which flooded my bathroom with sewage. The toilet did not work. We called maintenance about 50 times. We did not have a working bathroom for 3 days with no response. This is totally illegal. We had to go to the gas station to use the bathroom....seriously. Shortly after that our fridge broke. Threw out all of our food. Then they replaced the old fridge with an equally old and crappy fridge. That fridge broke a few weeks later. We had to throw out all of the new food I had bought. Then came the bugs. Maybe it was from all of the new fridges....but all of the sudden we had cockroaches. They came and sprayed once to no avail. My skin crawled going in to my own home. Then my upstairs neighbor got robbed at knife point by someone claiming to work for the apartment complex. The police are frequently at this complex. Further (but less importantly), the complex has no gym and supposedly had hot tubs when I moved in, but filled them with concrete about a month after. The pools are small and usually full of children. The grounds are not kept clean. They have landscapers every Friday that will blow anything on your 'patio' over and leave it and also leave pieces of plants all over the sidewalk. I would not wish this complex on my worst enemy. DO NOT MOVE HERE!!!!Update: Even after moving out of this apartment I cannot escape their idiocy. They called to let us know that they sent us to collections for a 45$ carpet cleaning fee that we were never notified of. We completed our walk through and asked the woman if there was anything else we needed to pay. She told us no and that we were free and clear. Seriously?!?!?! This place is a complete nightmare!! Seriously....DO NOT MOVE HERE!
1	Today I called the office about my AC. It wasn't working at all. And it took them 5hrs to respond. But they just came and fixed the AC but they didn't changed the filters. So I called the office for some filters and the management told me they ran out of it but I have to get my own. Not so good. And last week our bathroom was flooded and they didn't know where the water came from. However, if your rent is short for only 23cents they will charged you a $100 after a week. All I can say is, the management don't know how to treat people. DO NOT MOVE HERE!!!!
