4	Ordering food off the internet is going to ruin our society. Not only is fast food fatty enough, but now you don't even need to leave your chair to get it. Heart attack at 40...But with a place like Spicebox, my death will be pushed back a few weeks. Yes i did order it online (which was really simple) but I got something freshly prepared and reasonabley healthy. I don't know how they did it, but they got it to the other side of Edinburgh in less than 25 minutes. A little expensive, but great food!
4	Thai food is always the food that gets a raw deal when it comes to take aways - not many people instantly think of Thai when they want to kick back and forget about cooking.Spice Box, I'm pretty sure, is the one place that is going to change that. The menu is a splendid selection of traditional and some modern thai dishes, and they are absolutle always cooked to a consistant perfection - I've never known anywhere like it to be always first class.However, Spice Box is relativly expensive if you dont take advantage of its deals, so get it on a wednesday when it will be a lot kinder to your wallet.
3	I've often seen the Spice Box advertised on a few websites for take-away food, so I decided to go and check it out. It's a relatively small place but it holds its own!I get the impression that it has a bit of a cult following, as on more than one occassion I've met the same faces ordering their food.The price is a bit hefty, and to be honest the food isn't spectacular, but it's good nevertheless and worth a look!
4	Spice Box is one of the best Thai takeaways in Edinburgh. The menu is huge, with a massive choice of starters, soups, curries, stir fries, rice, noodles and desserts. All the dishes are cooked really well, they are nicely spiced and flavoursome. The duck and lychee curry is excellent, as is the Pad Thai. Pretty much all the dishes are available with chicken, pork, beef, king prawns, duck or vegetarian at varying prices.Admittedly Spice Box is not too cheap, but if you think about it, most Thai places in Edinburgh are pretty pricey. It can seem deceptively cheap, but then you have to add meat onto the base price of each dish. Also if you catch them on weekends then the wait is frequently up to and hour. But the food is really good, and worth it. If you're bored of the same old Chinese rubbish then this is a really good alternative.
