1	I must give this place one star.  I received a coupon in the mail two months in a row and finally decided to try it out.  First I went on Yelp to see reviews and found one glowing review, needless to say I was excited to try them out.  I get there and the woman behind the counter is on the phone, for me no big deal.  She then come around to help,  I let her know that I have a coupon for buy one dozen get one dozen free.  She informs me that it is only for cake doughnuts.  I say okay I won't use the coupon and just get a dozen asst. she then informs me that she will allow me to have one cream filled and one jelly, but I must purchase cake doughnuts!  I did not want cake, and would have wanted to choose my own flavors.  I told her never mind and would just go somewhere else.  Sadly, I did not even get to try the doughnuts!
3	The doughnuts were great!  The wonderful lady that assisted me was  very kind!
3	This commercial bakery was recently relocated and, in the process, opened a small retail outlet. The long established commercial side of the bakery supplies Mandalay Bay, Luxor and Hilton Grand Vacations with baked goods, but it seems the retail end was an after thought as it is poorly set up with no tables and only a few upholstered chairs.  A special of a coffee and choice of any baked good was being offered for $1.50.  I don't drink coffee or tea so I was planning on ordering just a donut, but the clerk said she could substitute milk.  We ended up sharing a cheese Danish and old fashioned donut with both being pretty ordinary
2	Tried to go here this morning with directions from GoogleMaps and it was nowhere to be found...I drove around the parking lot for 10 mins looking...maybe I missed it?? Not sure how thats possible...
1	UPDATE: Okay, so, this place has gone downhill in a big way. Called a week in advance to order 4 dozen donuts. Was told I just need to stop in the day before. So I did. The lady who took my order had a weird lack of confidence that the baker was going to get the order, and even told me to call back later in the day to make sure she got it. Well, I figured that's *their* job to make sure things like that happen, and didn't call. Showed up at 8 a.m. on the dot to pick up my order (because this donut shop doesn't open until 8!! Also very weird) and the store was not even open, no one in sight. Finally, at 8:10, a different lady wanders up to the door and opens up the store-- and boy did she seem surprised to find out I was picking up 4 dz. donuts. She was able to box up my order (took about 15 minutes, making me 25 minutes late overall), but then seemed stressed about having enough supply for the rest of the day. The donuts weren't even great, they tasted like day-old leftovers. So, I have no idea what's going on with this place... but I will not be wasting my time there again.
