1	The location is nice and the setup is good, but the food and the service are not on par. I started with the Porc Terrine which unfortunately was tasteless and dry (although the portion was more than generous). The accompanying foie gras was nice. So were the starters of my wife and her mother. The main course was more miss than hit. My duck burger was OK but they definitely tried to cram to many things in it which made the whole thing unpalatable. The duck is mixed with cheese then crusted and deep-fried. Then it's put in between buns with some sort of celeri/beets salad, something resembling a bearnaise sauce and foie gras (that was a supplement that I asked for). Unfortunately the dish was way to heavy and the sauce was too strong. Something that could have been really inventive turned out to be a greasy deluxe version of a McDonald dish. My wife ordered the old-aged steack. She asked for it medium-rare and it came well done. Now that's bad. When a restaurant can not cook meat properly, you know for a fact there is something really wrong in the kitchen. They were honests with us and did not count the dish on the note but the damage was done. The deserts were OK although I am 90% sure their creme brulee was not homemade. Service was decent. The only problem was that out of the 3 waiters (2 girls and one guy), only the girls looked like they knew what they were doing. The guy kept forgetting everything and did not look like a professional waiter at all (he probably gave these poor girls more work than help at the end). So all in all, a below average experience which is all the most disappointing that some of the ideas on the menu or in the setup could have led to something really great. If you know cooking, don't go there, if you're just looking for a nice place and don't care about what you eat, this could do the trick.
2	Hip spot for a younger crowd. No problem getting a reservation a week in advance for a Friday night; the place was busy but not full . while we were there. Loved the gratis homemade pickles with peasant bread and chive/shallot spread. Fois gras app also successful. Avoid veal cheek main -- the Asian-style sauce was too bitter. Steak frites was better and cooked as ordered but is the most expensive menu item. Iced tea came straight from a can. Service could have been more attentive but we never felt rushed. Not a bad meal but not a destination either.
5	This place was great. After walking around with empty stomachs, we were enticed by the island kitchen.The veal cheek is out of this world with a nice medium body bottle of wine.i have to say this place was far more enojyable than some of the other more fancier places i have been. This place is a must.
4	The relaxed environment of La Fabrique Bistrot made it the perfect place for dinner following a long day of travel and business meetings. Starting with an excellent wine recommendation, our waiter continually demonstrated an expertise and attention to detail that made for a casual and professionally-productive time, all while adroitly switching between English and French in order to accommodate all four members of our dinner party.After spending a great deal of time scrutinizing the menu and its occasional, though rather amusing, translation failures, I decided that a hearty bowl of onion soup was an apropos way to begin the meal in a city still under the grip of winter. The robustly-flavored and appropriately-comforting soup proved the perfect way to start the meal.For my main and final course, I opted for the pan-seared cod with cumin and black olive mashed potato galette. The obviously high-quality fish was seared perfectly, the light char serving to hold together the flaky flesh without overwhelming its mild flavor. The boldly-flavored potato "cake" proved a welcome and pleasing juxtaposition to the cod, making for an  adeptly-balanced dish. The accompanying vegetables added a bit of depth to the dish without disturbing the pairing of fish and galette that was clearly the chef's focus.After lingering for a few hours all while never feeling rushed despite the rapidly-filling dining room, we departed having enjoyed a meal clearly prepared by a skilled and passionate chef intent on providing rich, satisfying "comfort" food in a laid-back environment.
4	Delicious pancakes.
4	After walking up and down Rue St. Denis, I chose La Fabrique because it seemed like a local place and the food looked good from the window.  Menus are available in French and English.  Selections were innovative, including one allowing the chef to make something of his whim.  I had a hard time deciding on several possibilities, but was happy with my choice of beef with scallops, herb gnocchi, some perfectly cooked zucchini strips and olives in a well flavored sauce. What was nice about the restaurant was the complimentary special touches, like the warm toasted peasant bread with chive spread, large jar of delicious homemade pickles, and even pink cotton candy for a special ending.  Although my entree was more than enough for me, I wanted to try the french fries fried in duck fat.  The waiter accommodated by giving me a small sample in a little container.  Absolutely decadent!
4	Ate at the Annexe that they have open for the summer, just a couple doors up from the regular location on St.Denis. I have been meaning to eat at this place for a while now, and I am happy that I finally did. Sat out on the terrace with my brother and enjoyed a very nice late lunch/early dinner. We started our meal with some delicious bloody caesars that had some port in them and were garnished with anchovy stuffed olives (yum!). Could have been a tad spicier, but other than that they were really quite good.For appetizers, I ordered the melon salad, upon the recommendation of our server and I was not disappointed! It was really refreshing on a very humid day. my brother ordered the tartine gratine, but was brought the cheese fondue. It was not what he ordered, but we didn't complain because the cheese fondue was really great! It's a deliciously breaded piece of cheese on top of a little rocket salad. We completed our meal with a second round of caesars and our main dishes: the bavette for my brother, and the gnocchi with a scallop for me. Both were well seasoned and cooked perfectly. We also ordered a beef burger to bring home to my sweetie who didn't come for lunch. It's made with braised beef and garnished with a sweet red cabbage. Really yummy! Overall a lovely meal. Delicious food, nice atmosphere, and beautiful plating. The bread and home made chivey butter that came with the meal was really great and their home made ketchup and mayo were also delicious!! I will definitely be back.
3	Braised beef with gnocchi in a vegetable ragu. Pillowy soft nuggets of flour and potato dumplings, gnocchi isn't my thing and thus, my boat remains unfloated. Don't get me wrong, the dish was tasty - the beef was tender and broke at the slightest pressure from the fork and lent a nice beefy aroma to the sauce of eggplant and carrots and gnocchi.
4	First thing's first: walking into the restaurant, the first thing you see is the open kitchen and the food waiting on the pass under heat lamps. Interesting introduction as you walk in, but unfortunately your first contact is wading through "traffic". And though the service is a little slow, the food is quite outstanding. The complimentary pickle jar to start and cotton candy at the end are nice touches, and does nothing to take away from the artful dishes prepared before your eyes by the creative chefs (who are not hard on the eyes themselves). Tried the salmon tartar which was which was fresh and flavorful and the "plat du jour" which consisted of a pork and black bean tart which scallops and seasonal veggies - amazing. Didn't have room for dessert but apparently the Pain Perdu is wonderful.Will definitely go back (but maybe during the week)
4	The open kitchen in the Center of La Fabrique let's you watch the chefs at work.The food is very good.  The beet salad is great. The steaks are cooked properly, but not amazing. The sweet potato soup was very good. The complimentary bread and pickles were great.There was one thing that I experienced here that was AMAZING. La Fabrique had two cooks, two waitresses, and one busboy serving the entire place. (Probably 25-30 tables). The service was excellent. The waitresses smiled, made drinks, poured refills, and rang up checks as if we were the only people in there. I have never experienced such efficiency in any restaurant.
2	I was unimpressed with the food and the service was pretty poor.  I don't intend to go back any time soon.
5	A wonderful restaurant experience, a super friendly staff in a beautiful industrial decor.  The open kitchen gives the whole place a special touch.But above all a stunning food, there are always new items on the menu that keep surprising us. A must try in Montreal!
5	Very good place, friendly and great original food.
5	Muy Favorite restaurant in Montreal.Clearly, no doubt on that - the best brunch on sunday.Unique, magic, innovative, and just great.Quality food, super service.Nice wine, nice ambiance.Best place to have dinner between friends.Go! Go!
2	Why do people think it's trendy to have super uncomfortable seats? This is not cool, this is annoying. Also, any food that is deep fried, battered, cooked in copious amounts of butter or covered in syrup is going to taste good but that doesn't make you a good cook. It makes you an overpriced McDonalds. The brunch options had enough calories for the rest of the day and the vegetarian options were either a salad or one of two sugary dishes that would make a poutine look like ax kale smoothie. What about an omelette? What about eggs florentine? This restaurant just invented a bunch of super fattening dishes to compensate for the fact that they're mediocre chefs. Finally, 3.50 for a very small glass of room temperature orange juice? Unless you have the orange tree in back, this a rip off.
5	This place is actually really cool and awesome on the tastebuds. Pros - Entirely different breakfast from the staple eggs and bacon - Food is super - love the kitchen in the middle of the restaurant  - Drip coffee is great! - Super friendly service  - Clean modern establishment  - reasonable on the walletCon- none to speak ofReally overall a great place!
5	La Fabrique was our last meal in Montreal and we were happy we chose to eat there. The food was delicious and the chefs did a wonderful job with the presentation of it. The atmosphere was relaxed with cool music and the waitress Roxane was amazing! She was genuine, funny and truly took care of us. All in all - La Fabrique was the entire package.
4	La Fabrique's open kitchen takes up the center of the restaurant.  The place says trendy all the way, but deservedly so.  The service staff are young, energetic, and helpful and the customers appear to be on the younger side as well.   The food was great and we had brunch with a Quebecois twist.   I had the salmon tartar with the poach egg on toast on top.  I thought it was a great variation on dishes I had before, but never put together in this way.   My daughter had the pancakes with chocolate sauce that were also something very different if you are use to brunch in the USA.  We also had a pate of pork with pickles of the house, which was a nice touch.  They bring you a jar of pickles/cornichon to serve yourself.
