3	Big store but weak sales.There wasn't much going on last weekend as far as promotions went and the sale racks had inventory that was recently marked down.  This means that items will only be 10-20% off full price.  It wasn't much of a sale in my opinion.  After a couple of visits I did end up purchasing a couple of t-shirts.The sales associates were off in their own world but the manager said hello on each of my visits.  Fitting rooms are in great shape and the cash wrap was clutter free.I'm a fan of AE but this store wasn't that great...
4	So after having to hunt down an American Eagle location that was still open for business (Tempe Market and Fiesta Mall locations have both closed), I came to the Chandler location. I wasn't too thrilled to do so because on previous visits the customer service has been average at best. Though this last visit changed my mind. I got fantastic service doing my returns and exchanges! I usually dread doing returns. It seems at most places sales people tend to treat you like a plague on humanity once they realize you aren't spending money in their store but that didn't happen here. The staff went out of their way to make me feel important and help me get the item I wanted to exchange online since they didn't have it in the store. WOW! I was just blown away. Keep up the fantastic work AE Chandler!
4	Rules of being a power athlete: If you can find a pair of jeans that fit your larger quads and butt and smaller waist with minimal alterations, YOU BUY THEM. Even if it means you go into a store that's target demographic is from 14-22. Even if that mean you walk into American Eagle and get mistaken for a teenager.Really, the ONLY reason I shop here is for the quality denim (and have for over 10 years-. I'm far too old for those goofy graphic tees and hoodies displaying AE all over. I don't have to worry about my ass busting them open squatting down at work on casual Friday, and the most alterations expected are a simple hem job my buddies at Nordstrom or Nordstrom Rack can assist with.The 40% off holiday sale was quite the steal.The customer service consists mostly of uninterested and hormonal guys and gals.  But again, not my #1 concern here.So, if you see someone in their late twenties-early thirties shopping at American Eagle, don't judge us, kids and parents... We love the jeans as much as you do!
