4	This review is for the sick temptation that is unfortunately around the corner from my house.Whataburger aka "worldwide conspiracy to grow my ass".  I never was a burger person before... but you've managed to suck me in.  Bravo, sir.  Bravo.  Thank you for the extra hours I will now have to spend on the treadmill.
3	I've gone to Whataburger since I was a kid and not a whole lot has seemed to change. I enjoy their burgers much more then McDonald's, Wendy's and Burger King! I wouldn't say it's my favorite burger place, but it's decent and a reasonable price.
4	Nothing beats a #7 after a night on the town drinking the Malibu! Always friendly service and killer ketchup!! Ask for extra :)
4	Whataburger is right there with Taco Cabana-- How does a Cali girl know of these two places, the same as why I know about White Castle, my love of food knows no limits and I used to visit relatives in AZ and TX during the summer. So we took the kids to AZ for a Summer holiday and low and behold I see the orangey-da-glo "W" for Whataburger a we drive by-- I get all bajiggity (nervous excited energy) in the car my hubby looks at me as if I am mad--and says NO!.. I slouch and say darn. But I plan the great escape to take the kids to experience a Whataburger OKAY?! and that I also want to relive my memories from childhood. Is that so wrong? Lunch time. there is a line? since when? anyway- we order burgers fries, 2 pop's and a water ..... hmmm the Burger looks smaller, fries are good, they taste the same drowned in ketchup-- now I am leery of the burger its kinda sloppy looking and not meshing right, leaning if you will... but the kids waste no time and are chowing down- are they just that hungry or are the burgers that good? I am thinking In N Out might have been a safer option here.. I go for it-- I mean mentally and some of yu can relate to the whole food/memory thing a lot is riding on this first bite, years of memories and fun with my cousins spending the day swimming and then jamming all of us wired kids into a stupid little car to head out to lunch at Whataburger. First bite, salty, a little dry but the burger in itself not bad, I think--I am loving the extra pickles.. ya Whata-good-burger.... So long story short - people are right, sometimes smells and tastes of food can trigger memories and at that first bite at that moment I was instantly teleported back to my childhood vacation just from a dang burger and fries.. Try as I might - I tried to drag the hubby back to try a Whataburger one last time with me and the kids before we left, but he was too snobby, sigh..So why not 5 stars It has changed as far as customer service and attitude towards customers-, the gal who took my order was a bit too snarky for me attitude wise, for a teenager and She couldn't count back change, petty maybe but the checking to see if my youngest had soda in her water cup instead of water -- was a but mental for me.
5	Yes it is fast food. But for a fast food place you have to give it exra stars because of the great service you get which sets it above other fast food burger places.  When you order to dine it they will bring to your table a condiments tray and ask you if you need anything else. No other fast food place does that.
4	Whataburger is about as good as fast food burger quality gets. Freshly made when you order (which does slow down the fast a little). I personally NEED a Whataburger with cheese, bacon and jalapenos about once a month. I wish they stuck with the spicy ketchup.
2	The patty is decent, but tomato was the orange color of a candy Hallowe'en pumpkin and the iced tea is not brewed but reconstituted - blech! The fries are innocuous enough. Meh.
1	The food at this location is decent, though we experienced terrible service from Ashleu Rutherford.  The dining room was an icebox, and when we complained, Ashley seemed annoyed but claimed she would turn the air down.  She never did and lied to our faces when we questioned her shortly thereafter... Will probably go to other locations in the future, where service is not such an issue.
4	Dont usually review fast food but this place is awesome! You have some great people here working on the night shift!
5	Love their burgers especially with avocado! I think it is better than In-N-Out.
3	I enjoy eating here several times a year. The dining room is clean and the staff friendly. The food is always prepared just right. This location never seems to get too crowded which is a good thing for me. I would give this particular location four stars but, I can't at this time because the staff working the drive through window at night have been dropping the ball in regards to order accuracy.
3	It's fast food, not amazing, but good.
5	This location gets 5 stars because of the manager Chris! My boyfriend and I took the survey after a visit and were dissatisfied.  Chris personally sent us an email to get back our loyalty of stopping by at his store, inviting us and guests for dinner. Not only was our whole bill covered, but he was sincere and genuine. He made it right and is an excellent example of customer service!  We now for sure will be back for being treated so good and feel valued as customers.
2	I know it's shocking, but I had never been to any Whataburger until a few months ago.  I've now been to this location twice.  The first time was after 9 pm, and we ate inside.  The burgers and fries were both pretty darn good.  The gal who brought us our food and offered condiments was very pleasant, too.  I really have not one complaint.The second time was a complete fiasco.  22 minutes in drive-thru.  I tried not to get irritated as the end result would be a really good burger, made-to-order.  Well if this burger was made-to-order, I wasn't the one who ordered it.  I will say it was assembled-to-order, however.  Not only was it cold, but the cheese had never been melted and the lettuce & tomato were still refrigerator cold.  So assembled-to-order with an already cold patty.  The fries were only slightly better.So my relationship with Whataburger was incredibly brief and is over...unless I'm hard up late night.  Then anything's possible.
5	Let me get this out of the way. I'm not giving Whataburger 5 stars because it is a super classy gourmet place but because for what it is, it's the best. Whataburger is my go for anytime I want comfort food. Today I went in for a delicious burger, the line was a little long but for whataburger, I'll wait. The manager opened the second register and called us over, he was the perfect combination of fast and friendly, an excellent quality of a manager. As we walked away he mentioned that he's a Giants fan too. Extra points.    We didn't wait long before enjoying lunch. The burger was perfect, the fries were hot and the place was clean, wiped down and ready to sit.    I love this location because it's always open, the food always tastes the same and if you do the online survey you get a free Whataburger. Yes please!
5	This truly is a spectacular dining establishment. I bring all my craigslist dates here for the elegant environment and well cultured Spanish service staff. If you thought eating at the house in "Beauty and The Beast" was classic, you have yet to try whattaburger. Swing by your local drug dealer first and I can assure you that all the appliances will be talking you into being their guest! Long live McDonalds!God bless
2	I'm going to agree with an earlier post that that the wait time in the drive-thru can be a frustrating experience. A 10 to 20 minutes wait experienced in the last two visits is not acceptable.  I'm sure the food was made to order when I ordered it but with the wait time it was not in the fresh and made to order status by the time I received it.  This location needs to figure out a more efficient way to move people through the line such as having large orders or orders that take more than a few minutes pull off to a parking spot.  I would rate the burgers as better than average but a luke warm burger and cold fries negates all of that.
4	Great food that is made to order, I go inside everytime for that reason...fteah and as fast as fresh can possibly be. P.S. the party melt with extra butter and onions is the bomb.
3	Not bad for my first visit. I had the patty melt and it was pretty tasty. Greasy, but tasty. Fries were decent, too. Brb, gonna give their honey bbq chicken sw a try.
3	Most of my visits were positive. The food is usually good. What I appreciate is without regard to liking or not it does not taste like the larger chains. They have pretty much been the same for 34 years.
5	I went to Whataburger a couple weeks ago for biscuits and gravy to bring to my mother's place while visiting her.  I usually make breakfast at home, but I was feeling lazy that morning, and wanted to do something nice for the woman who gave me life.  Anyway, I drove up to the window, and probably THE friendliest person at a drive-thru in the history of fast food greeted me.  I believe he may have been the manager that morning.  He said good morning, asked how my day is, made sure everything was in the bag, asked if I wanted cream in my coffee.  I said I'd like cream please, and he asked me which flavor of cream I'd like from their selection and named off which flavors they have.  I was thinking, "Wow!"  I was very impressed!  ...If people in fast food only realized that it's the little pleasant things you do for the customers that can really make someone's day.
