4	I only stopped in here briefly but the music was really good and the atmosphere was very welcoming.  We didn't stay long but the prices seemed reasonable and the patio was very nice.  Next time I am in the area I will be sure to stop by again.
2	Dark, the service was slow, and the waitress had absolutely no sense of humor. The prices were reasonable, but the menu was very limited.
4	Excellent neighbor hood bar!   Great drink specials for happy hour and ladies night on Fridays.   DJs and room to dance.  Can't wait to go again.
5	This is blowing away other neighborhood bars in the area. Even though there are decent dives in the north valley, they are plagued by one of two problems: Either it's an old farts bar with cheap drinks, or it's young and hip with prices through the roof.At O2 Lounge, you get the best of everything. There's a jukebox with a seemingly limitless selection to complement the badass sound system. There's plenty of room to dance, and even a stage for a live act.The bar itself is also very aesthetic and the prices were more than reasonable for the size and the strength of what I got.I know this place is out of the way, but if you wanna have fun without an abundance of douchebags and bankrupting prices, make this your next stop.
2	Walked in here on a Saturday evening and I was really disappointed. The place was a mess, it was over crowded and the music was horrible. I had really been looking forward to coming here and I was sadly disappointed.
2	This isn't the worst place I have ever been, but I really don't like the atmosphere. It is dark and dingy in here, and to top it off, it isn't really decorated like anything.I am really big on ambiance and I feel like The O2 Lounge doesn't have any whatsoever. The drinks are okay... but I have definitely seen better bars. It's nice if you're just looking for somewhere close on the westside.
2	A friend said she found this place on google under "dance clubs." Four of us showed up on a Friday night at 11:00 p.m. I'd say there were 30 people in there. They had a DJ playing meh music, smoking patio, darts, pool table, dead dance floor. The bathrooms were clean. I was acting as the designated driver for the night and they do not offer free soda for the DD's, bummer. The crowd was mainly males, really good looking ones, I remember thinking "there are some serious hotties on the West side." The bartender was attentive and nice. It's not a dance club at all, just me and another friend were the only ones that danced the entire night. I played erotic photo hunt on the touch screen at the bar. "Moanz" is top 4 scores.
1	This is probally the most boring bar i've ever been to.The atmosphere is drab and depressing.There's really not a lot to do in there either.They have 1 small pool table and a juke box,but that's about it.Theres a smoking patio that's small and looks out into the boring parking lot towards a pizza joint and a hair salon.If you go there on weekends,it's usually douche bag central with loud annoying music and drunk 20 yr olds arguing,dancing,and doing whatever else.Any other time it's usually dead,and i can see why.
3	I stopped in on Saturday night to hang out with a couple of friends.  I can't really say much about this place aside from the fact that it was a little empty for a Saturday night.  They had a birthday party there, so I can't imagine how empty it would have been without the party being there.  It's a pretty dark bar, which is fine.  The drinks are cheap.  I can't complain about $4 wells.  Music was fine, too.  If you like dark dives, then this is the place for you.
5	My favorite place to hang out! Everyone is so nice the patrons, the staff feels like a second family! Come out on football Sundays starting at 9:30am!
5	The bar has added food, and the cook comes from the Caribbean, so spicy in a different good way. Try the Paninis pressed  sandwich or the Atomic Chicken.. The bartenders are friendly, the people here welcomed me and I feel like one of the locals. Come on down for a giggle and a laugh.
1	My God this place is scum. I think it attracts the scum of the scum. And it's definitely a "who you know" bar. People came in that obviously knew the bartender and they got great service and were acting like they owned the place. We had a large group with us and didn't get service at all. Once we went & didn't realize it was rap night. Like - live rap night. Live, entry-level, rap night. We're a fun group and will try anything so we stuck it out for a bit but that was too much. The second time we tried, it was rock music but the clientele and lack of service made people so uncomfortable that we left.The shuffleboard is fun!
5	Come try o2 lounge's food, while you enjoy a good drink! Always a great time, with great people!
5	Love this place. The staff is fantastic and the drinks are very affordable. Lots of good regulars so you'll always meet up with a buddy.
5	DJ Mo every Friday at O 2 lounge be there if you love dancing any music he got you..... Trust me he got you.....remember you have to start your weekend right fridaaaay nights at O 2 lounge
4	So Since Moving from New York I haven't gone out  in phoenix. My friend Has never had a girls night, so I decided one day on a whim to just try the place. I saw driving by one time.  So we go and we sit in our cars for a Lil bit and I'm like this looks dead, lets listen to what kind of music they are playing ( I am Puerto Rican) I here hip hop play in. I was like wait a minute I have to check this out. So my girl and I walked in and it wasn't packed, which I like. The drinks were great in prices and taste. Customer service was pretty good.  But the DJ was on point, i mean he mixed the music well and yea it was mostly hip hop but I live hip hop. but he was mixing it up. he even took sum requests. though not to many people liked the bachata and salsa. oh well. lol  everything was great except for one thing and one thing that stopped me from giving this place 5 stars.  I  got really upset with a guy that kept hitting on my friends. we explained we were all married and that we were having a girls night and he continued to freakin persist. my friend and I were being nice at first but it got to the point where nice wasnt enough. So  yea i was a big B and I had to put him in his place a few times. He  kept saying why you at a bar if you dont wanna get hit on. I lost it because im entitled to go out with my girlfriends and not be hounded by some dude who gets no ass. aside from that I will be back sorry  regular customers, dont be mad.  Hitting it up with all my girlfriends and met sum pretty amazing people.
1	Unsafe environment.
5	Awesome neighborhood bar. Great staff. Karaoke and Dj every Saturday starting at 10pm.
5	This place is insane! They have so many glasses! Like all kinds of glasses! Like pint glasses, shot glasses, beer mugs, cocktail glasses! It's so crazy like its a bar, I get it. But man there's a lot of cool glasses.
4	Good place. Quite.... Hope they will have pool tables or just a table!!!!! Good for bikers to stop, next to 101!!!!
