1	I guess Church's Chicken is a brand name so you've either made up your mind about that brand, or have yet to try that brand, but for the most part you're going there for the brand name and not a unique experience. On the other hand though, this is an odd one. This used to be Philly Cheese Steak restaurant and it was one of those walk up or drive thru only type of deals that had no dining room. That store went down probably because of it's service. I remember that restaurant had a best Philly Cheese Steak of Las Vegas rating from the Las Vegas Review Journal for like 2 years in a row back in like 2001, 2002 or something like that. Then I remember ordering a a sandwich and waiting 45 freakin' minutes for a freakin turkey cheese steak sandwich and some fries. 45 freakin' minutes in somewhat cold weather because it was just turning into fall and I left the house without a jacket not thinking that it would be so cold, or that I would have to wait 45 freakin' minutes for one sandwich when I was the ONLY ONE standing in front of that place. I actually remember that when I was waiting for my order, a car that was ordering something through the drive thru cursed out one of the employees because he was waiting and it was his lunch break and he was pissed. Needless to say, that place got shut down a few months after. The had a decent sandwich but not worth 45 minutes of waiting... OUTSIDE!    IN LAS VEGAS!!!!! The conditions are never good outside here. It's either too hot, too cold, or windy as hell....It stayed shut down for about 3 years.     I believe it was somewhere around this time last year when Church's Chicken took over. I don't remember ever going to a Church's Chicken so I figured I'd give it a try. Initially I wanted to dine in but I soon realized that they didn't have a dining room. Either way, I wanted to try it and I walked up to the window. This was around 6-7pm, right in the middle of the night time rush and the window is facing one of the busiest streets in Vegas, Nellis Blvd....PLUS it was windy outside so I basically had to yell my order at the guy three times before he was able to hear what I said and he had to repeat it to me just a many times till he got the #whatever with the beans and extra corn, or whatever I ordered right.    As bad as that was, there was already two people that ordered before me. I guess the first person ordered a large order and had to wait a bit for her order. I think she ordered a bucket of something or an office trash can or whatever they put 20 pieces of chicken in. Anyway, both the person after her and eventually my orders came before hers and every time the window would open, that lady would walk up to the window and say "that's not my order". Well she was right but they never called her order for pick up in the first place. She did that again with my order and asked where the chicken was ( I ordered some chicken finger meal that all fit in one bag) and once again the guy had to say that it wasn't her order. Again.    I already was not liking this place, but I got my order and took it home. I ordered a meal that had the chicken strips, fries, a biscuit and a piece of corn..... The corn was good.... The chicken strips were really dry and all I remember was that NEEDED to eat it with the BBQ sauce and as soon as I ran out I stopped eating the chicken. The fries were garbage. They were this mix of being soggy and hard at the same time. It's as if they fried them and let them sit in the fryer but turned the heat off and just let them sit there. I barely even ate those fries. The biscuit was good though. They have those biscuits with the honey-butter baked into them. I wish I had some extra honey to spread on it instead of butter. The corn was...well it was corn. If they screwed that up then I would have left my house with that corn in my hand, go back to the store and break that window with it but luckily for them it was good. After all, all they had to do was throw it in some boiling water for a while.    Overall, I just did not like the place. I know that I didn't get the signature chicken wings that you're supposed to go there for but I still got something they were offering on their menu so either do it good or don't do it at all. There's a KFC, Wing Stop, and a Popeye's all within a block away from this place and any one of those are a better option for your fried chicken needs.
5	great deals, best biscuits, cheap, i love the cajun rice its the best. i love the spicy chicken and they're prices. i ordered a 9 peice for 6 bucks, a side of cajun rice and it came with 4 biscuits the total was 10 bucks and it fed 3 of us with more to spare but im a fat ass so i ate it all :)
3	Just clucking along. Good yardbird.
5	Super hot chicken and drive through it used to be Rally's ... Popper are crispy and hot love hot sauce and fried chicken. ItMust be a southern thing. Fast Service and inexpensive artery clogging good.
