2	Diverse selection of push-cart dimsum but unfortunately the lack of flow meant that some of the dimsum sat on the carts too long.  On the day we were at Peter Wong, some of the flavors were not quite right.  The tasty pan-fried chive dumplings stood out and is probably the only thing we'd order again.
3	I was starvacious at about 2:45 one afternoon, so I raced over to Big Wong on Indian School near 7th Ave. Big Wong, however, is no more. There was a sign on the door directing customers to Peter Wong, which is owned by the same family. I am polite and always follow directions, so I went.Peter Wong has a virtually identical menu to that of Big Wong (featured since the dawn of time). The space is more cavernous and banquet hall-y then Big Wong, but I'm pretty sure any noises from dimly lit corners weren't caused by bats.Oh, the food: lunch was fine. Completely standard lunch combos, served pipin' hot. I had the Szechwan shimp. All combos come with soup, a crab puff, an egg roll, and fried rice. Good place to indulge your fried/crunchy needs.The rest of the anglo menu is probably more extensive than most places, and I'm sure this is a great go-to option for take-out in the area. There aren't many Chinese options at 15th Ave, and Camelback.
1	I've tried both Wongs and I can say with certainty that I prefer Big Wong.Since Big Wong closed, I heard that Peter Wong (her brother's place) is fairly similar but I don't think they even come close. When I arrived for dinner, I noticed the decor was very dated. They still had decoration up from the 80s. There was also a mini stage available for wedding, if anyone is interested. There were two other parties there but no host was to be seen. It appears to me that there was only the mother/son team working the kitchen and the front of the house. So service was slow all night.We ordered: deep-fried tofu, stuffed with shrimp; orange flavored chicken and honey walnut shrimp but I was told that they ran out of the sauce for the walnut shrimp (which was mayonnaise) so I switched that out for the roasted duck.The deep fried tofu was missing a lot of shrimp and by a lot, I mean "stuffed" was used loosely on the menu. The roasted duck was heated up in the kitchen because there were pieces that were refrigerator cold. The orange flavored chicken was missing flavor. Gordon Ramsey and his Kitchen Nightmare team need to visit this place. I know the owner is a nice person and her son, looks like he hates working here and probably only doing it to help his family out.
4	Peter Wongs is just one footstep behind Big Wongs and gaining momentum fast. Rumor has it that Gina (former owner of Big Wong's has been in the kitchen! I must report that the egg roll's have evolved and are very similar to Gina's now. When I 1st visited Peter Wong's I was not impressed with the egg roll. The walnut shrimp is much better than before the walnuts taste more like Gina's they were firm and sweet. The shrimp was large and plump with just the right amount of sauce. Mongolian beef be still my heart, it was full of delicious firm onions and scallions and SPICY! Delish! We also had the general tso chicken and it was tender and light with just the right amount of kick to it. Kung Pao chicken was unusual...they added water chestnuts and the sauce was light but spicy. I really enjoyed it. It was very unexpected and quite good. All in all I will be back! Best in the area, no one can take the place of my beloved Gina but Peter Wong's is on the right track for SURE!
3	This place has good food and service.  There are better places out there but this place is usually opened when others are closed such as holidays like July 4.
4	had a meal from hear tonight it was  better than most 'a little on the expensive side but very nice very fresh would order from them again
1	Food tasted great....but 45 mins after dinner, I was sick.  Checked  and chicken wasn't fully cooked.:(
5	Chef Peter Wong, in many ways, makes this enigmatic restaurant a must visit. The place itself is slightly run down banquet-hall type that is perpetually empty, devoid of both staff and customers. However digging deeper, you will find that this family own restaurant is indeed a gem.Here is why. Recently returned Chef, Peter Wong (who was away for awhile and has finally come back) is perhaps one of the most interesting Chef's I have ever met. He claims to have cooked for Regan at the White House, was sought after by Vegas Hotel moguls in the 80's, created the original sauce for the Orange Chicken dish, and many many more.Are any of these true? Who knows. What I do know is the food is incredible and unique.What I got:1. Peking Pork2. Taro Chicken3. Raddish, Beef, and Tendon in sauce in clay pot4. Walnut Shrimp5. Fruit salad with shrimp6. Green beans7. Chinese green in special house sauce8. Stuffed jalapenos and eggplant...All of these were incredible. My suggestion is not to order off the menu. Instead ask for the Chef to come over and describe to him your taste and what you like. Let him craft a meal for you.I would call in before coming regardless of what the hours are.Take a chance, try something unique. It may be the most interesting and rewarding experience you will have.
2	To start off I will say they are committed. They are one of the only places open late. After ordering my phone was on silent so I missed the 3 calls they placed to find my house. An hour later they arrived food still hot.However, the woman that took my order just took my name, address and phone number.   When they arrived it was a slight ordeal because I had no cash and had to pay by credit card, she called the store and it took quite a long time for them to discuss and run my card. The food is not flavorful, and now I have a stomach ache. The fried rice looks dyed and the lo me in has orange oil in the bottom. :-(
2	The taste is authentic. Really like the pork chops and ribs. Not expecting any service whenever going to an authentic Chinese restaurant.It's just that the menu only had a few items. They had more items on the Asian menu which I couldn't read so that wasn't helpful.Basically, no service with little choice on the menu. I would do take out instead next time.
5	Great food and always very polite with the service. The chicken black bean is my favorite.
