5	I can't believe no one has reviewed Del Frisco's yet.  Perhaps no Yelper feels it needs a review, since it easily does well in the paper and other official reviews around town, and everyone "knows" that it's good.  But, I feel like it needs to be done, if only to get me more compliments, and "1st reviewer stars".  When you walk in to Del Frisco's, you know you'll be paying a lot for the dinner you're about to have.  Rest assured, however, that it will be very delicious. It's worth at least a visit for a drink or two to see the beautiful staircase, dark woods, wine cellar, and beautiful windows with views of SouthPark, if you can't afford to have an entire meal there.  They certainly captured the look of a luxurious high-end steakhouse.If you do choose to dine at Del Frisco's, you will not be disappointed.  We've eaten there twice--once on our own tab to celebrate our recent move to Charlotte, and the second time with my husband's parents--and both times we left saying it was the best steak we'd ever had.  Both times I had a filet.  The first time, I had an 8 oz filet that was like cutting through warm butter. I believe in the power of the rare steak, since the flavors seem to be bigger and brighter (and in less refined establishments, it ensures that your steak is fresh and not someone else's mistake).  This steak was perfectly cooked, well-seasoned, and a total 5-star steak.  The second steak I got was a 6-oz filet from the "Lagniappe" section ('small surprise for the customer') that included the Chateau potatoes. The steak was again ridiculously delish.  Steaks can run around $40, which seems reasonable, but this generally does not include a side.Del Frisco's serves their side dishes family style, so they are ordered for the table since the portions are large enough for three or more.  Dishes in their "Lagniappe" section come with Chateau potatoes (barely-mashed potatoes, almost like the filling of twice-baked potatoes).  I wasn't the biggest fan of these; they were a little dry.  Other side dishes I have had and enjoyed a lot were the sweet potato casserole with crumble topping and the asparagus.  The cocktails deserve a section of their own here.  My husband got a VIP cocktail, pineapple-y and smooth, and it was fabulous!  I ordered a Cosmopolitan, because I always channel my inner Carrie Bradshaw via alcohol and shoes, and this one was certainly no disappointment!  Jim's parents had Manhattans, and loved them--believe me when I say, they know a good Manhattan!The service has always been excellent. The staff is very knowledgeable, visit the table frequently to check on drinks, and really friendly.  At the end of the meal, they will give you a card to fill out your address and information, and a few days later, you will get a Thank-You card in the mail from them personally!  I was shocked the first time that happened!  Our waitress even alluded back to our conversation with her during our dinner--a real pro!Overall, I would say that Del Frisco's is one of the best dining experiences I have had.  There is no rushing through the meal, it's a beautiful atmosphere, and you are made to feel like a VIP through the whole experience.  Definitely a great date night, and you can make reservations on-line at opentable.com.
5	Updated 3/2012. This is still my go to place for a drink and a dinner of steak or even a burger. There is nothing better then sitting at a rich wood paneled bar drinking a first rate scotch to put you in a good mood and feeling all is well with the world.  I agree with Megan, this is a top steak house for Charlotte (part of a chain, that are all good). I have had several dinners here plus I have eaten at the bar (there is a bar special prior to 6PM).  All the food is very good and the service is excellent. There is a small steak plate that is very good and also is inexpensive, but at least once go for the big ?? oz. steak. The drinks are generous, my scotch on the rocks looked like a double to me.They also have a frequent drinker/eater card. I am not sure what you do with all the credits. but when I cash mine in I will update my comments.
5	What an amazing night.  I decided to celebrate my birthday here and I was extremely glad I did.  The place is beautiful.  There is a downstairs area with a private bar and dining rooms that showcase Del Frisco's amazing wine selection behind glass.  There is an upstairs area which features its own bar and dining area as well.  The main floor features a huge bar as well, and an impressive dining area with large, clean windows that look-out to Southpark-area nightlife.  Then, there is the food.  Amazing.  I had the second best steak I've ever eaten here (I believe it was a 12-oz. Filet).  But first, I had an amazing steak-tartar that was incredible.  The service was impeccable, and they even provided with the best cake i've ever eaten in my life as a birthday dish.  Had an amazing time and wish I could afford to eat here all the time.
5	Best steak in Charlotte and very comfortable yet upscale ambiance.  'Nuff said.  And get the calamari, unless you're a purist that only likes it plain.  Actually I'm sure they do the plain kind too.  But that Shanghai style is mm mm good.
5	Great food and service!  Atmosphere was also nice.  Bar area got a little crowded but from the looks of it, the place to be.  We were seated on the edge of the bar area and was a little loud, but that did not detract from the experience in any way.  Worth every star and every dollar.
5	This is hands down the best restaurant in Charlotte. Food was awesome-- please have their steak. I have no complaints, came here for Valentine's day last year and everything was good from start to end. Hostess and server didn't make us feel like we were just one of a zillion people coming through that day. Dining area was great, we had a corner window table so we were able to have a romantic dinner, people watch, and look out at Southpark as well. The bar definitely looked like the place to be. Wine selection was impressive. Word on the street is that famous people come here when they pass through town.
3	Great looking steakhouse, food is good and they are really proud of it. Although I don't appreciate the over the top push to try two or three appetizers.
3	For the past two years I have taken my son here for his Birthday. For that special occasion he loves it.I travel nationally and have spent 30 years eating at every kind of restaurant imaginable.Del Frisco's knows how to wait on a table. They bring out a server for each person at the table so you are all served at the same time. I have always thought this is a great piece of theater for any restaurant.They serve good steaks - good quality meat.They have an extensive wine list.The food other than the meat is nowhere near the quality of the meat. I know this is a steak house and so maybe no one else cares. But over the past five years or so I have enjoyed watching restaurants  set themselves above their competition by paying a lot more attention to the rest of the meal beyond the meat.We had mushrooms and creamed corn. I would guess that both came out of a can or jar from Institutional Food House. The mushrooms seemed micro waved. The creamed corn traded some spices for being actually creamed. No cream anywhere near my corn.I would enjoy Del Frisco's much more if the sides were fresh and local.             Maybe from the local farmers market.If the sides were as good as the steak it would certainly make this more of a destination.At this point it is a place to take someone once to impress them with how much you spend, not with how much you enjoy great food.
5	Went to Del Frisco's for a rehearsal dinner for a wedding.  Amazing ambiance - we sat in the wine cellar - great space, great lighting.  Staff was excellent - they knew the menu and options, served everything together and were quite friendly.  Appetizers were scrumptious - esp the tuna, and served in a great spread.  Dinner options were beef and salmon (9 out of 10 had beef).  It was perfectly done for each person (but a bit salty at our table).   Highly recommend.
5	I used to be a regular at this place. I was there at least once a week in the bar, chatting over a glass of wine, but I am not a wino! The staff is super nice, the wine pour is good and they have a good "happy hour" menu. This place IS pricey.. but if you can afford to splurge, it is worth it. Slightly less expensive than Ruth's Chris (which I also love) with a good wine selection and it will really impress a date. Tell Sean or Rick that Corey sent you. :) Insider tips: Order the Calamari.. off the hook! All sides are served family style..Make sure to check out the bar on the second level and the cigar lounge downstairs.. its a good idea to show early for your reservation and spend time checking out the other bar areas, they are pretty cool. Let me also mention that the bar gets crazy during major events, like the Golf and Nascar events - but you also stand a good chance of seeing famous people, this is where I met Michael Jordan :)
5	I sat at the bar to try out Del Frisco's during Queen's Feast, Charlotte's Restaurant Week, fixed price 3-course menu. The bartender gave great service & the atmosphere was prime. Food arrived at perfect intervals & tasted great. I had a dinner salad, 12 oz ribeye (juicy & perfectly cooked) & starwberry cheesecake. Two thumbs up to everything. I've lived in DC, NY, SD, LA & eaten at some great steakhouses. As far as Charlotte goes, this is by far the best steak in town. No contest at all.
1	How can anyone say this is the best restaurant in Charlotte...For starters it's a chain oh yea and a steakhouse SHOCKER people like it!! I came here for a Christmas dinner a year ago and have not returned it left a bad taste in my mouth Literally!! They over season everything and ruined my steak!! I didn't come here with high expectations and lets just say it lived up to that! our server was ok she was sweet from what i remember. However they're Sommelier kept pushing over priced bottles of wine onto my boss that he finally told him "we will just waive him over when we were ready" Haven't been back and won't be. I'm sorry but there is food outside of chains and steakhouses in Charlotte why not support them!!
4	in reply to the last review from dawyn who panned the place...maybe you did get a bad cut of meat; it happens even in a place like Del Friscos where 99.999% of the time the steaks are fantastic. But I'm suspect of your review and opinion in that you're complaining about it taking an hour for a party of TWELVE to sit down, order, eat and pay....about the only place a party this large could accomplish this is at a McDonalds or a cafeteria...c'mon, this is an unrealistically picky point to write about, which makes me think the steak maybe wasn't THAT bad
5	We found this restaurant by searching Yelp and after reading all the reviews and looking at the website, it appeared the perfect place to celebrate our 23rd Valentine's Day together.  Indeed it was!Beyond a doubt, it IS pricey.  We both ordered the 12 oz. filet mignon, shared a bottle of Robert Mondavi '05 Cabernet and thoroughly enjoyed every minute.  The meat was cooked exactly as ordered and was DELICIOUS.  My husband is certain it's the best steak he has ever had.  In addition, he tried their VIP Martini . . . pineapple infused with Vodka - WOW!  It was the tastiest martini ever.  (So tasty, we're going to try our hand at making one at home.)Our waitress, Kenyatta, was delightful - personable and very efficient.  We observed all of the wait staff working seamlessly in unison . . . all of the employees seemed to get along perfectly and serving us was their foremost thought.  We were happy to tell the manager about our great experience, and he also was a delight, kind enough to come by our table right away, at our request.We will look forward with great anticipation to our next meal here. WORTH EVERY PENNY!
4	Looking to find me?  You probably won't find me here.  It's not that I don't like the place.  I do.  But I can't afford it, which is a shame because it's one of those places that is probably worth it.During restaurant week, we decided to hit up Del Frisco's - sans reservation no less.  Well, we did have a reservation, but we didn't have it much in advance.  We looked for what was available at about 3pm and they had one at 5:30 that night.  Sweet.  I wouldn't suggest this option for most however, because despite being one of the largest seating areas I've ever seen and having a large menu, they are often packed.That said, wow.  The place is awesome (sorry to steal your word, Julia).  It's just insane how huge this place is.  There are seats everywhere.  And it's not like the are crowded in there - there is plenty of place to move about and there are still all kinds of seats.  I have no idea how they can possibly stay open (other than the high prices, but how can they keep drawing them in and filling these seats?).Anyway - the service is pretty top-notch.  It's a little strange that after you finish a course it's like an army of ants descends upon the table and clears it entirely - one for each and every piece of silverware and flatware on the table, and then the reset it for the next course.  Even if you're a cheapo diner like myself.  Scary but cool.The food is tasty.  Definitely the way to go if you want a steak in the 704.  You'll likely have plenty left, even if you get a smaller portion.  I just have a tough time justifying the prices.  Even during restaurant week I was digging in the couch for loose change to pay the bill.  It helped knowing that we were saving a bundle over the regular price.
4	My husband and I had the pleasure of dining out at Del Frisco's while all the golf Glitterati were in town for Quail Hollow. It was quite a sight! We had a reservation for 8pm and it took about 15 minutes or so to get our table - however, we pleasantly passed the time at the bar. Being 7 months pregnant the busy bartender whipped me up a delicious juice cocktail and only charged us for my husband's drink - unnecessary but really nice. Thumbs up from the start.  Our waiter was very knowledgeable about the menu, making mostly excellent suggestions and even offering to split our salad knowing I was hesitant to order an appetizer and a salad before my meal. Our waiter suggested my husband and I share a crabcake and a 6 piece shrimp cocktail - each shrimp with a different sauce. Fabulous suggestion - great way to start the meal! The only hiccup at this point was that we were not served any water for at least 20 minutes after being seated. My husband had a drink so he didn't care but I was parched!  For dinner, I ordered the 8 oz filet and my husband ordered the strip.  Our waiter suggested the creamed spinach as a side dish. By far, my filet was the best steak I have ever had. Perfectly cooked, beautiful light pepper crunch in every bite. I savored every forkful! Unfortunately,  the spinach was kind of bland so I took one bite and decided to enjoy my pure-beef meal instead of lessening the experience with my mediocre side. We opted not to have dessert - maybe next time we will skip the apps and give dessert a try. When our check came we were double charged for our appetizers but our server apologized and quickly returned with an amended check.  The service was truly seamless and never stuffy. Great food, great service. Fantastic place for a special night out.
4	Restaurant Week ReviewDel Friscos is beautiful. Make reservations, they fill up quickly. We snagged a table about 3 hours before we stopped in no problem, but it does fill up by 6:30pm. They synchronize their hostesses in an all black uniform... and blonde hair. You heard it, blonde hair. Our waitress Rachel was very nice and the 2 boys at my table approved.Wine. There are 2 huge lists but they have affordable ones that start at around $30.Bread: Mortons-style. There is one huge, round piece of sesame crusted white bread in the center of the table that you can rip pieces from. The butter is whipped. 8 ounce fillet: YUM YUM YUM. So delicious.Chateau Potatoes: Decent. Garlic Broccoli: Their special side of the day. Very good garlic broccoli. Chocolate Mousse: Very chocolatey, smooth, and generously portioned!Strawberry Cheesecake: It's a lighter version of a cheesecake, not as dense. I kind of prefer the dense Cheesecake Factory style NY cheesecake =X Great meal for a great price. I'm so glad I came for Restaurant Week!
5	To start off, customer service was great, I do wish they were a bit more attentive to my water glass though. Our food was lovely too. My friend's lobster was great as well as my other friend's duck (she said it's one of the best she's had and has found her new place for duck). I had the filet mignon and it was great. Cooked and seasoned perfectly. Loved our dinner here!
5	Ate here for the first time on Friday.   Food was perfect!  Service was top-notch.  I am definitely going back.
4	Hold up, hold your horses, not another Del Friscos review! This one isn't all rainbows and smiley faces though. Well, all things considered, they're still receiving 4 stars and I can honestly say at the end of the day, the Del doesn't disappoint. The stage is set once you browse the menu. It describes how to eat the bread, 'with your hands' and clear as day lets you know that YOU, "you mean me?", yes YOU control the pace of the meal. Maybe that's the reason for such limited reservations spots? Most definitely not a detrimental way of doing business. Del Friscos truly is a "can't miss" for restaurant week. Their version of turtle soup was yummay. Perfectly seasoned and quite filling. The steak - even hooked on phonics couldn't educate me enough come up with adequate adjectives to describe it. Unlike Del's adopted stepbrother Sully, the steak here is seasoned just right. The potatoes were good but nothing to call home to momma about. But that strawberry cheesecake...oh man. Do you like Strawberry Shortcake ice cream? This guy right here sure does and that's what that cheesecake tasted like. Now that's how you finish off a meal. As stated, it isn't all praise and worship though. Upon our arrival, we didn't even get greeted. Wait, are we at the right place? Is this the Westin or Del Friscos? Can I get a hello, bienvenidos, aloha, anything? Nope. We had to approach the hostess and introduce ourselves and reservation. Our first cocktail waitress wasn't all that nice either. Normally I wouldn't even give a rat's arse or give it a second thought but these two were almost, almost rude - at least by Del Frisco's standards. If it was any other place, I'd pay it no mind. But it's Del and let's face it, we all expect perfection. See what you guys have done Del Friscos? You're too damn good for your own good.
5	Chain or not, this place is the JetBlue/Southwest airlines of the restaurant business! The "staff" is really alive, and team-oriented!!! Morgan served us - and it was as if she read our minds with the timing of everything! We don't know how she managed it - she was a delight! And the food was amazingly delicious! (we ordered the filet, and the prime strip). We felt like celebrities! The manager came to our table, and even made a wine suggestion for my daughter based on her description of what she liked in a wine... she said it was more than perfect - and she's very discriminating about her wine! :) (how did he do that?!) There's some definite magic in this place! It felt calm, spacious, and unrushed - though it was a busy Friday night! Pricey, yes, but SO worth it! Like a spa for your stomach and brain!
3	3 stars and may continue downward. First let me state that I have been here over a dozen times. For some reason my customers love to go here also, this and Sullivans.Service: 4 stars. Ok, it is a chain but a very expensive chain. Sorry to sound uppity, but I expect nothing but long term, tenured wait staff. You know these folks, they make top dollar and are true pros. We had good service, but does not compare to what we had in Greensboro at Flemings.Direction: 1 Star. I reserve a week in advance as I mostly have groups. In this case 18 people. Requested a private room, ended up with a "Sorry, but upstairs is now booked (Thanks for Calling!) but we will sit you in the crowded corner. So much for the private business dinner meeting. Food: What is happening? Down to 2 stars. Had 8 dishes sent back.Mine was really a disappointment. How to begin, ok the beginning. We ordered starters, which one item was crab cakes. Ok, that was fine but I do not eat red meat. I like it, it don't like me. So for my main course I ordered the crab cake dinner. Yes, three time the price of the starter! Expect something dinnerish? Yes. What was delivered? Two crab starter cakes with a blob of slaw in the middle. Hyper inflation anyone?Overall: We are down to 3 Stars folks. Must be why the restaurant was only about 50% full and even had open bar stools at prime time. Del! Oh Del! Your lemon cake is still the bomb!!! Please work so the rest of the menu don't turn into a bomb :-( Frankly, I have had better at Chic-Fil-A at a whole lot less. BTW, 4 of my customers stated the same and being Charlotte residents the comment was made "Nevermind taking me back here, save your money"I will return Del, but your on probation. I think it is the Lemon cake!
3	OK, my steak was $65.  I was not paying, but still...that is just nuts.  It was a bone in filet, and it was outstanding, if a little undercooked.Mac n Cheese side with bacon and jalapenos took this review from 2 to 3 stars on its own.I am not a big steakhouse person, but McKendrick's in Atlanta/ Dunwoody is much better in my opinion.  Pittsburgh style and cooked perfectly.Great service and a good place, just not my cup of tea...
5	My wife and I are big fans... Chain or not, Del Frisco's is topnotch. We have been a number of times and never mind driving to South Charlotte from Huntersville because we always know what we are going to get... Excellent food, and service. I'm not a huge fan of calamari appetizers but we ordered it on our first visit on a whim and have now ordered it every time we've been back. Have always heard the calamari at Capital Grille is the gold standard. Have never had it but, if it truly is better than the Del Frisco's, Asian-influenced version then, more power to it... The house green-goddess dressing is good on almost anything from the salads to being used as a dip for the house made chips. Same goes for the blue cheese and I am one finicky blue cheese dressing eater, preferring to make my own vs. buying anything the stores have to offer. The steaks, and the rest of the menu for that matter, are top-dollar but, you know where you are so, don't be shocked. I will pay for quality food and exceptional service and no matter what the bill has been, I have never felt like I was overpaying for the overall experience.
5	The service here was really great. Love their crab cake. It's the best crab cake I ever had, had lots of lumps of crabs and to top it off it was baked not pan fried. My steak was cook perfectly. The cheesecake was very very good... Kinda pricey though, would come here for special event only.
4	Ah the high end steakhouses of Charlotte. This one is a tough one for me, I am from New York, the land of peter lugars and ben and jacks. These are some of the best steakhouses period. As far as Charlotte is concerned its so hard to compare this one is better than that one so on and so forth. Ive been here once and I must say I ordered my fillet medium rare and it was incredibly dry. wasn't very impressed. sides were good, wine good. My ranking of local steakhouses 1. Flemming's 2. Ruth Chris 3. Del Frisco's
5	5 stars you say?!?! Absolutely I DO!!! There is nothing I didn't love about this place and that is saying a ton. This is not a place to go on a whim unless you have that kind of money to throw around for everyday dinner, I personally save it as a go to special occasion place. The atmosphere is everything you could want it to be and the individual attention you receive from the staff whether you had reservations or got lucky with a table when you got there is nothing short of aces! The wine list is extensive and they do not mess around on their knowledge of that wine. If you like to start with a cocktail I HIGHLY recommend an extra dirty martini with blue cheese stuffed olives, this alone keeps me coming back! As for dinner I started with the salad with avocado goddess dressing and what a treat it was! The 8oz fillet was by far the greatest steak I have ever eaten in all my life.... I have lived in Texas and Alberta where beef is key and though things I had there were great they still didn't beat Del Frisco's fillet! The sauteed mushrooms as a side were a perfect compliment. As for dessert.... Chocolate mousse! Heavenly and silky sweet! Please give this place a try, I promise.... you couldn't possibly regret it!
3	Considering this is owned by the same group that owns Sullivans (one of my favorites) I had high expectations. Unfortunately on my two visits to Del Frisco's I was left with a "not-bad" feeling. I know everyone in loves this place and it is considered the best in Charlotte, but I just have to disagree. I'm not saying that it's bad by all means. I'm just saying there are better. I consider myself a man of steak and on my first trip here I had the filet. Prepared well, but a little under-seasoned. The sides were good and plentiful and the place is beautiful inside with a 2 story feel for most of the restaurant. Feels rich and the bar area is nice and open. On my second visit I went with the lamb chops and they came out so hot, it was hard to imagine that they rested for any sort of time. I say this because my wife's scallops were lukewarm at best. My only assumption was that they didn't cook the "1st order" correctly and rushed to make the 2nd one while the scallops waited. I could be wrong too...who knows. The lamb tasted ok, but I couldn't get over how it was presented. We also barely saw our waiter and he walked by a few times when I tried to track him down. Wasn't overly busy either. Desserts were good. Nice wine list too! Overall, this is #5 for me in Charlotte. Will I return...sure, but there are 4 other places I would go first. But that's just me. I have been by several times to enjoy some scotch at the bar!
4	I had the pleasure of dining here with the girls and what a time it was!  The atmosphere was nice and cozy, but busy at the same time.  The food was just splendid, as well it should be for the price.  I started out with the turtle soup, which was pretty good, but I think the salad would have been better.  The filet mignon was the real deal, unlike Ruth Chris(sorry)....it was tender and flavorful.  I really like this place, but I'll limit my visits to restaurant week or half-off coupons:-)
3	Del Frisco's is pretty tasty. It is in line with all the other high end steak houses. The fillet was cooked perfectly to order but I did not have anything that really knocked my socks off. One minor complaint is that cokes are the little glass bottles, which in my opinion, is awesome, until you realize that the coke is not chilled and it is poured over ice in a glass. Come on, who doesn't like a cold coke straight from the glass bottle. I will say that the cheesecake's crust is very good. It must have some ground nuts and a bit of cinnamon and nutmeg in it. Most of us as the table took a few bites of the actual cheesecake filling, which was fine, (I prefer dense cheesecake rather than airy) and then ate all the crust around it. Now if they just served that crust crumbled over a housemade ice cream, that would have been worth another star.
5	Best steak place in Charlotte, hands down.. service is excellent. .. can be pricey.. Try the VIP drink and the Long bone steak.
2	We originally decided to go here based on Yelp reviews and wanting to try a new restaurant during Queen's Feast.  I made reservation for 9:30pm because it was the closest time to 7pm that was available.  Fine enough, must mean it is worth the wait...  Not so much.  We waited over 30 minutes for a table.  They did bring out a few appetizers to sample for the crowd that was waiting, so nice effort, but it was extremely salty and not very tasty.  Upon seating, we decided to order off the menu (which our waitress told us was rare for the night - everyone wanted the $30 prix fixe).  It started out decent enough.  Tomato-mozzerella salads are hard to get wrong.  The crab cake was unlike our mid-Atlantic palets were used to, but we liked it.  Until we found a hair in it.  Ooops.  The server apologized, the manager apologized, the food was comped.  All is well.Our dinner was average.  My boyfriend's steak was good (8 oz filet), but I've had some pretty amazing scallops in my life and these didn't even crack the top 20 (Whole Foods serves better scallops).  Definitely not worth $33.  Desert was a strawberry cheesecake concoction.  Decent, but nothing I can't find anywhere else.Overall, the service was okay, the food was average, but it definitely wasn't worth the wait, the price, or the overall experience.Crowd is somewhat "trendy"...we wore jeans with nice tops, but I would probably suggest casual pants for the male contigency.
2	For the price you pay for a meal at Del Frisco's, it had better be absolutely top notch.  Overall, though, meh.  Like my rating.  Honestly, for my money I'd rather go to Ruth's Chris, which is right across the street.  This is just my opinion, but I think the steaks are better, and the price is better.  They're both high end steak houses, but there's a certain pretentiousness that I feel at Del Frisco's that I just don't get at other steak houses, almost like if you don't order pre-dinner cocktails, good wine, a large steak and a few sides then you're not doing your reservation justice.Don't get me wrong, Del Frisco's was a more than adequate meal.  Service was on the ball, the food was very good.  But for me?  I'd take my steak dollars elsewhere.
5	BOOM, baby...big ol' slab o' red meat, washed down with a double Kettel One...what else do you need? If I feel like wasting ALOT of money, this is where it's going to get done. However, it isn't so much wasting it as it is enjoying the finer things in life...or just seeing, even for a brief fleeting moment, how the other half lives. Might I suggest the Prime PorterHouse? 24 ounces baby...Go big or go home...what, you thought I was gonna recommend the chicken breast in a place like this? Get real. Any of their sides that include cheese in the name, whether it is spelled in French or English, are winners (Mac N' Cheese and Potatoes Au Gratin). Ok, so I just googled "gratin" and it doesn't mean cheese; it means "with pan scrapings, or gratings". Sounds better than cheese, right? Basically, load up on starches and red meat, doctor's orders. I'm just kidding...I'm not a real doctor. But my dad is a cardiologist, so my future inheritance will thank you for taking my menu recommendations to heart....literally. Let's be honest, this is a high end steakhouse, and with that label comes the typical smattering of schmucks who think they are better than the rest of the world, but for some reason, every time I've come here, whether it be for drinks, dinner, what-have-you, I have always had a great time dealing with down-to-earth servers, bartenders, and management.  Far better than some of the other high end joints in town.  Maybe I just got lucky? Ah Del Friscos...you actually get 4.5 stars in my book...you lose half a star due to the fact that I get jealous that I can't enjoy you as much as some folks in the world, and I don't like feelings of jealousy towards my fellow man. Bad Karma.
5	Class Act!  I just took some customers out to dinner here, and we had a great meal and a great time.  From the moement we walked thru the door it was great.  I think what pushed me over the top for Del Frisco's, is they have specials.  I do not mean featured items for the night.  They had wine discounted for the night.  This is somewhere I could see my wife and I going on a Thursday night out for a nice relaxed dinner.Bring your cc with you because it isnt cheap but they do have rewards program also....
5	I went here for my Birthday on Saturday and was absolutely impressed by the restaurant.In terms of appearance this place is grand and absolutely beautiful. High ceilings, rich woods, classy well-dressed staff.We arrived a little late unfortunately but only had to wait for a few minutes - some of our party arrived earlier but they were told they only seat everyone once the entire party arrives. They were able to sit out on the patio area until the entire group showed up. It was a beautiful evening so no worries in that department. We ordered the "Power Couple" for $99 you had your choice of the Del's salad (with amazing avocado dressing and thick sliced bacon), or a Caesar. I went with the Del's which was delicious and very big - definitely larger than your average side salad. The main entree was an 8oz filet mignon and a huge lump crab cake. The filet was cooked perfectly and tasted delicious, and the crab cake was rich and filled with tons of crab (the least amount of filler I've had in a cake). Next we had our choice of sides which were served family style (our whole table had some of each of the sides). I loved the chateau potatoes served with white pepper and whole sauteed mushrooms. Finally we ended the deal with a choice of amazing desserts. Luckily my group all likes to share and the portions are HUGE so I tried the cheesecake (wow), bread pudding, and chocolate mousse.We went with their featured wine selection which was a Benziger Cabernet. I loved the wine and it went perfect with my steak! For $50 per person you absolutely cannot beat this deal - the portions alone are worth coming as you easily can make two meals out of this. I cannot say enough about the service- fantastic! Everyone was so attentive and went out of their way to make my day great. I swear I was wished a happy birthday by six different staff members! They serve at a slower relaxed pace which was perfect for our group as we are talkers. When they cleared the first round of plates I honestly heard "be our guest" playing in my head - five servers clearing plates at once is a sight to behold !I will absolutely be back as this has been one of the nicest dining experiences I have ever had. Thank you Del Friscos !
4	Went for late night dessert and drinks.  As usual - good stuff.  Sat at the bar, received great service, and the food/beverages were delicious.Other than the hit on my wallet, it's hard to have a bad experience here.  They always impress.
5	Enjoyed a special night out at Del Friscos tonight; wonderful dinner! They are offering a special price fix menu until 9/5 that is absolutely amazing!!! For 49.95 per person, you get a full size Del's salad (huge portion, house made dressing and bacon), an 8 oz filet with crab cake, a choice of side, and a full size dessert. ( cheesecake, chocolate mousse or bread pudding). There is absolutely no way you can find better value at a restaurant in Charlotte...the food quality is exceptional and the portions are significant...seriously, two people could share one meal and be full. For those curious about this restaurant, but apprehensive about the price, go try this special....best deal in town by far. I will definitely be back!
5	Am a little late on this update as it's about our Fathers Day Brunch experience and that was a few weeks ago but, still felt compelled to type.  Went to brunch with my wife, her sister, and their parents.  The brunch menu was pretty extensive and covered an App, Entree and Dessert for $35.  First good news.  Not being a dessert person, I asked if I could sub two apps instead of one app and one dessert.  "It's fathers day sir, absolutely no problem".  Second good news.  Just the quality of the food.  From the giant, delicious bacon slabs that adorn that house salad with the sinfully good Green Goddess dressing (Quick Tip... go at night, order the house chips, a side of the GG dressing, a side of the Blue Cheese dressing and go to town. O-M-G), to the steak which my father in law decreed, "the best steak I've had in 10 years", to the Shrimp Scampi.  Yes, I ordered Shrimp Scampi at a steak joint.  Why?  Cause I love it and its hard to find done well around here and I knew it would be great here.  And...... It was.  SHOCK!!!Third good news.  The service.  Extensive knowledge of the menu, the aforementioned flexibility on the brunch items, the way they team up at just the right moment, swoop in and clear everything away.  One really feels well taken care of here.Final good news?  The check.  At $35 per for all that food, I've never gotten out of Del Frisco's that cheap before. OK, they aren't perfect...  They need to go fresh squeezed on the Mimosa OJ.  131 Main does it, I know they can too.  But, Tropicana in my drink pales in comparison to all that is wonderful here.  We'll be back...
4	We went here last night for Charlotte Restaurant Week and it did not disappoint! I love how this restaurant looks with its high ceilings and warm woods and lighting, and the metal detailing on staircases and railings were pretty cool. Everything feels very new, rich and comfortable. The food was very good, although it wasn't even a consideration that it would be anything but delectable given this restaurants reputation. I had the mixed field greens salad, filet, chateau potatoes and chocolate mousse. Everything was well prepared and delicious.I don't know if this is new, or something they always have since this was my first time at this restaurant, but they offer the Del Frisco's Power Couple meal (http://www.delfriscos.com/whats_happening.php) that you can order even when it ISN'T restaurant week. The menu is nearly identical to the restaurant week offering, but is a little pricier at $99 a couple instead of the $60 restaurant week price. Still though, given the atmosphere, service and quality of the food I would consider that a pretty great value.This IS the type of place where they come by with the table sweepers to remove the crumbs every time they lift a plate, but not at any time did I feel like it was overly snobby or pretentious. If you crack a joke with the guy filling your water, he will most likely laugh instead of shooting an appalled look down his nose at you. Also, it's "dressy jeans" friendly during the week, which is nice, although the majority of the patrons were dressed in their "customer entertaining suits" or their "I came straight from work" khakis and button downs. I think we'll definitely make this a must visit at least twice a year during restaurant week. It's too good a deal at that time to pass up. Book early though, because those reservations go fast!*Favorite thing: that hunk of meat can't be beat.
5	The Queen's Feast/Restaurant Week is a great way to have a very fancy dining experience and while splurging, not completely drain the bank. We had a fantastic night out! Top quality service. I wish every restaurant had staff that take pride in what they do like what we experienced at Del Frisco's. Our server was very attentive, friendly, efficient...and made sure we enjoyed our evening. The food was delicious...melt in your mouth, a treat to your tastebuds delicious. I'm not a huge meat-eater, but I do take exception with Del Frisco's. I couldn't afford to eat here often, but for a special occasion, it makes the short list.
5	Simply the best for steak and an upscale dining experience. Staff is knowledgeable and accommodating and the wine list is extensive. Have been to this location multiple times for dinner and brunch and never been disappointed. Not pretentious like other high end steak houses can be.
5	A while ago, I had been to a few other Del Frisco's around the country, but this go around stands out in my mind.  Before I had never thought of Del Friscos as being better than any other upscale steakhouse, but this time I had pretty much the best filet.  It was perfectly charred and the medium rare, was actually medium rare.  Even the asparagus was perfect, not a single one being mushy.  I was slightly disappointed by the upcharge for the wine.. our bottle of the Frog's Leap cab was $100.. yea exactly.  Thankfully the staff was nice enough to deal with our slightly rowdy and inappropriately dressed table.  They overlooked the fact that I was wearing shorts (I had no idea we were going here.. thus the lack of appropriate dress).I never thought I'd do this, but 5 stars for the best filet I've had in recent memory.
4	The hostesses seemed disorganized and confused. We had a reservation but they just sort of left us standing around in the front. It was pouring outside so we were stuck standing awkwardly with our drippy umbrellas. Good thing the service got alot better once we reached the dining roomOur waitress was phenomenal. She told us all the specials and was very attentive through out the whole experience. It was my dad's birthday and she made sure it was a special night. We even got dessert on the house. She deserves a raise.Now the food was pretty great too. We shared the Caesar salad(nice zesty anchovy dressing) filet mignon(tender) ribeye(fatty and flavorful), Australian lobster( huge! 14oz tail of a monster) Seared tuna( didn't try this but my mom liked it) and sides ( mushroom and creamed spinach) The portions were huge. My brother said the croutons on his salad were as big as ice cubes! the waitress also told us to cut into the meat first before eating to see if the temperature of the meat was cooked correctly. Very extensive wine list and 1/2 off glasses Fridays meant I got my fav napa valley cab. I also managed to tip over my glass which is a testament to the fact that I had one too many. The chocolate lava cake they brought out at the end with my dads bday candle was so nice! All in all it was a great experience. Now we just have to visit the one in manhattan.
5	Good steak in Charlotte? I was craving some meat and about to find out how they do it down here. Coming here on a rainy Friday night, we grabbed a valet to park our car. Given an umbrella and went inside. Nice fancy looking restaurant. More open with 2 floors and lots of glass windows as opposed to your standard boys club stuffy wall street steakhouses.   Not to say anything is wrong with that but a nice change of pace. We were brought to a table on the second floor and this is pretty much when things started looking real good. Waitress was top notch, service friendly, attentive without being pushy. Explained everything on the menu, including the degree of redness in the cut when asking for medium rare which some ppl might take as offensive if they know their steak and assume it's an insult to their knowledge. I, however, think it's a nice attention to detail and being to many steakhouses, I know that medium rares vary widely from place to place even though they shouldn't and it's good to know right off the bat they are going to bring you what you want.  The specials at this place are insane! Prix fixe power couple special is 99 for 2 ppl for salad, filet mignon plus crab cake, a side and dessert! And my favorite cut being ribeye for it's flavor I was able to substitute a 12 oz ribeye for an 8 oz filet mignon for no extra charge. Hell yeah! Also it being Friday night, there was a half off bottle special (on select bottles of course) and half off glasses of wine. That is just too great. Most of the time specials are saved for weekday nights when business is slow but a Friday night? Unheard of. Food was great. Caesar salad was tossed very well and everyone knows a good toss is needed. Ribeye was flavorful and cooked to perfection. When it was brought out they asked us to cut into it to assure it was cooked to our liking before walking away. I have seen this done at some steakhouses but not all high end steakhouses and it's always appreciated especially since we had 4 steaks and all were cooked to the right temp already.   No sauce on the table meaning they expect the steak to stand on its own.  Dessert was good, my father in laws bday so they hooked him up with a dessert. Another high point was that they didn't get him just a pre selected standard dessert but let him choose off the regular dessert menu and it came out with a candle and everything with a standard happy bday and no embarrassing scene. Definitely recommend the molten chocolate cake. This restaurant definitely has it going on and I will have to visit the one in New York to see if the southern hospitality carries over.
1	Maybe we went on an off-night based on the other reviews. It was out 1 year anniversary and I called over around 6 to see if we needed reservations for 7:30 on a Sunday night. The girl who answered the phone was rude. Strike 1. She said they were not busy and I didn't need reservations. We got there at 7:30.  We went to the hostess area and there were 3 hostesses working who told me that they were on a 45 minute wait.  Strike 2.  One of the hostesses said she was the one who told me that I didn't need reservations, but they filled up pretty quickly. She said we could sit at the bar. There was no apology offered. Strike 3. As a general observation, they were 3 young 20-somethings. Nothing wrong with that if they were experienced or professional, but that was not the case. When guests are getting ready to drop 100+/head, I would anticipate a higher level of service. I would suggest to mgmt, to up the game of the hostess staff.  I was disappointed we weren't able to check out dinner there. We went to Georges across the circle and I gave them 5 stars.
4	We dined at Del Frisco's in NYC earlier this year, and enjoyed our meal enough to dine with them again in Charlotte. Let me set the scene for you. A sudden thunderstorm popped up, making our journey to the restaurant difficult- then upon arriving and seeing there was no awning, we waited in the car as the storm raged around us, hoping it would let up. Then the Maitre'D comes out, with an umbrella to escort us in. He got completely soaked. The valet must have been held up by the rain, and noticing this, he stepped in to help. That is above and beyond. It would not be the last of the great service we had at Del Frisco's. Food Appetizers- We had the calamari and the shrimp cocktail. The calamari were VERY spicy. No one had a problem with it, and it was certainly different that what we normally get elsewhere. The shrimp cocktail were indeed JUMBO, and everyone was happy with them. Entrees- We had 3 bone in filets- this is one of the best cuts of steak on the planet. If you dine in a steakhouse that offers one of these, you should get it. We also had a regular filet, and a filet trio. The filet was very good. My Dad was not however totally sold on his trio once it arrived and he got started on it. It included filet Oscar, a filet with a mushroom topping, and one other, that I cannot remember. His favorite was the filet Oscar- I'm not sure that he liked the flavor of the topping on the other two. All of the steaks were cooked perfectly. Sides- We had the Mac and Cheese, sweet potatoes, asparagus and creamed corn. The mac and cheese was the STAR side in NYC when we dined there. So we were expecting the same greatness. Nope. The Charlotte mac and cheese had jalapenos in it!! We were shocked. I have terrible heartburn and cannot eat spicy food- but our incredible waiter discovered this, and brought us another mac and cheese sans the peppers. Even then, it still wasn't quite as good as we remembered. The sweet potatoes were fine, and bit runny actually, and not quite sweet enough. The asparagus was good, and everyone enjoyed the creamed corn. I am sorry to say I cannot make a GREAT side recommendation for this Del Frisco's. Dessert- Incredible. They had some really fantastic items. I had the Lemon doberge cake- which was HUGE, and AMAZING. The cake was moist, the filling was the perfect balance of sweet and tart, and the frosting/glaze was delicious. We also had the cheesecake- which was very good, and much lighter in texture than your average cheesecake. It was whipped. I thought it was a great take on the dessert. We also had the chocolate lava cake, the chocolate mousse, and the mango sorbet. Both of the chocolate desserts were very good. We were a little disappointed that all the restaurant had left was the mango sorbet, as the other flavors were something we had really enjoyed in NYC. I would certainly advise that you save room for dessert. Service- I already mentioned the Maitre 'D. The waiter or waitress you have can really make or break an experience in a restaurant. We had a great dinner, and it was only enhanced by our INCREDIBLE waiter, John. He was very knowledgeable about the menu, and wine list. He was friendly, witty and funny. Should you choose to dine here, you would be so lucky to have him as your server. Overall the service was a 5 star experience. I am going with 4 stars since we were a little disappointed in a few of the items we ordered. We would go here again if we were in the area.
5	Had an unbelievable meal last night. Fantastic personal service, steaks special (one with blue cheese, one with crab and hollandaise, one with mushroom teriyaki sauce) was amazing, the Del salad is phenomenal and the au gratin potato's were do die for.  it was all great. Top shelf dining for sure and the bartenders were attentive and great.  Yes it's expensive but somebody's got to fuel this economy!!
4	What's not to like?  After hearing rave reviews about Del Frisco's it was about time I tried this place out for myself.  Let's start with the scenery the restaurant is beautiful two floors in a wide open space and a great bar area.  We lucked out with a really great corner booth and a great waitress. For me it's not an every night dinner kind of place only because I could never afford it, but for a great date this is the place to go. I ordered the filet and au gratin potatoes each plate came out hot and were cooked perfectly.  A dirty martini with blue cheese stuffed olives oh yeah.   Del Frisco's is a great treat if your looking for somewhere really nice for dinner I would put this place in my top 5.
5	Oh how I love Del Frisco's! I come here every Charlotte Restaurant Week and for special occasions. The food here is delicious, never overcooked and always fresh! My favorite entree is the beef medallions and my favorite appetizer is the turtle soup. I would recommend this place to anyone. It is expensive, but worth it!
4	I totally forgot to mention that lemon cake.. OMG!!! and to be careful when you order TRUTH - that wine is a killer :)
5	This place never seems to miss a beat. I know it a chain and all, but I have never felt it here. The decor is perfect and beautiful, food is excellent and Rick (manager) goes out of his way to make it a great experience. The service Is top notch and they have a wine deal on Fridays that is hard to beat. I have been meaning to write one up for them for a while, but better late than never. I never regret money spent here and be sure to get the lemon cake to take with you. It makes getting up early the next day quite worth it!
5	The whole dining experience was excellent Both the service and quality of the food could not be better!
5	If you want a good meal and king-like service, eat here.
4	excellent service and food. Steak was a bit under done, but fabulous flavor (towards rare side of med rare) and i didn't want to send back and cause delay for my guest to eat. otherwise, was a fabulous night.
2	Let me start with the service, it was great. My wife's steak was also wonderful, my steak was at best horrible, it had a bone in it and was 50% gristle. I visit Sullivan's quite a bit and understand that both are owned by the same company, however I will not return to this Del Frisco's
5	This is absolutely awesome - we went during Restaurant Week and can't say enough good things about this place.  The service is amazing, the food is even better, and it is by far the best steak you can find in Charlotte - just outstanding.
5	On business travel in Charlotte looking for a good place to eat and take a client.  Ended up at YELP, and finally registered an account.  The local reviews pointed me to this place.  Perfect choice.Excellent food and service.   Appetizer: I don't usually like calimari, but tried it and it was great.(sweet, spicy)  Main dish:  Perfectly cooked filet steak with great flavor.  Shared sides of mac and cheese and potatoes.  Both were very good.  Excellent experience.  Great atmosphere. Good-looking clientele was a plus, too.  Highly recommend.
3	I realize I'm months behind on this review, but nonetheless it's time to hit "submit" and let the world know of my most recent experience. I save this upscale restaurant for special occasions. My husband and I stayed in Charlotte over the Christmas holiday this year and decided well in advance that we wanted to return to Del Frisco's for our special holiday dinner since it would be just the two of us. The original server we had over a year ago got a promotion and went from server to manager (at least that is what it appeared)...too bad for us because I remember he was an excellent server. The guy we had this time had a pretentious disposition about him and it made us uncomfortable. Plus, our server had another table next to us of approximately 6 people and his attention was definitely focused on them. However, the rest of the staff were pretty courteous and attentive. We ordered the special seafood for two course meal. It was okay, but for the price it really lacked the extra special holiday dinner feel. I was actually pretty disappointed and wished I would have ordered something more like a signature dish. Needless to say this holiday dinner was quite the disappointment from service to dinner especially because we had already experienced fine dining and service from here before (so we know it can be done).
4	The 4 stars is more for the food than for the service.  We went this past weekend with a party of 10 for a special event.  The food overall was very good.  We had the strip steak, rib eye, filet mignon, tuna steak, lamb and several sides.  Everyone enjoyed their meals.  The steaks were as good as the ones that I have had at the other top steakhouses in Charlotte.  The desserts were excellent too.  Although I don't have any complaints regarding the food, the service was hit or miss.  The service that I received at other comparably priced restaurants in Charlotte was much better. It was not what I expected for such a high priced place.   I found it sub par because of the following:  It was a very, very long wait for the food. I was about to lose my appetite.  It may not have been the server's fault, but she never told us why it was taking so much time.  In fact, she didn't check on us as much as expected.  I had to look for her.  We had several children with us and they can't wait up to an hour to eat.  Another detail that I found unusual for such a high-end restaurant was that the server didn't explain the items on the menu.  I had to ask her to go over the menu options which is usually done automatically at an expensive steak house.  She may have had an off night and did not seem interested in giving us the attention that one deserves when paying  hundreds of dollars for a meal.  I have eaten several times at the Palm Restaurant down the street from Del Friscos and they give you the total dining experience.  The better half of the service included several comped desserts for the special occasion. They handled the special request concerning the billing and we also brought our own cake which they took care of.  It is a beautiful restaurant to celebrate a special event and the service should match the food and surroundings.
4	This place is always welcoming. I really do enjoy being in here, mostly for the happy hour they offer. I believe it goes until 7 every day, but friday they have half price wine all day. If you can time it right to get there for the appetizers and wine, you can go crazy and not spend much at all. They had one of the best burgers in Charlotte on the menu, but sometime this year they did change the bar menu and altered the burger and it mad me sad. Now its a double burger and they changed the quality of the meat. I will still go because the service is outstanding and the ambiance and wine are great, but come on Del Frisco's! Bring back my burger.
5	It's gotta be special to be 5 stars and Del Frisco's delivered.  Bar atmosphere is great, down to earth and had our first manager "stop-by" here.After explaining what I do and how I supply companies like his with information about their social media performance, he was all over me.  Sent up another manager, the Wine Sommelier and revisited our table one last time for good measure.  Steak was delicious, as was the spinach.  Had a delicious bottle of wine and enjoyed our meal thoroughly.It was expensive as all hell, and don't expect to spend less than a $150 if you're drinking (our bill was considerably more than that).If the manager does swing by your table and you get to chat, ask him to show you their private wine cellar in the basement.  Millions to put this bad boy in, and it's nice!  a very ooh lah lah moment, especially if you're on a date!
5	If you want a great meal, Del Friscos does not disappoint.  There are some great "off menu" items.  The longbone is a giant ribeye that is a must have.  The seafood platter appetizer is excellent.  Ask for the VIP (a special off-menu pineapple martini).  The wait staff is friendly and the sommelier is very knowledgeable and has great wine recommendations.The atmosphere is quite interesting.  Rick Flair always seems to be at chilling at the bar there.  It's also fairly common to see star athletes dine there.  Their Wednesday happy hour seems to attract a lot of good looking women for some reason.  All these things makes for an interesting people watching scene.
5	This is the best Steak house I've been to in Charlotte. Excellent food, amazing wine list, and great service.
2	Every year we celebrate joint birthdays with our best friends at a SPECIAL restaurant. Over the years, we have always enjoyed our dining  experiences- that is until we went to Del Frisco this year. My friend and I always order a rib eye or NY strip. Every so often, we'll have prime rib. Our wives invariably order lobster, etc.This evening, the waitress convicted us to order their special 12oz. Rib eye and crab cake including veggies and dessert. We thought it strange when she told us we could get the promotion for only $99 per couple. We questioned her about the quality of the meat and amount of filler in the crab cakes. She assured our every skepticism, so we agreed to the special.The steak was thin and so over seasoned that my wife, who never complains, called for the waitress. An assistant manager came over and was very apologetic, replaced her steak, and sent over the manager. When we questioned him about the steak quality, he began to explain about butchering. Since we weren't interested in his explanation, he  comped the meal. We thought that was the right thing to do under the circumstances. When I go to a highly touted Restaurant, the last thing I was is to be comped because the steak is not top quality. It is an admission of their failure to live up to the billing.
3	Great food (filet), but service was a little off the mark. Had a somewhat confusing team of servers that dropped the ball on some little things. But I'm comparing the service against their previous high standard.
5	Service, timing and most importantly the food was great.  I ordered the filet and it was cooked perfectly the way i like it.  The asparagus and potatoes au grautin were awesome.  A must if you dine out regularly!
4	Awsome place, great vibe and very attentive staff. The lower bar area can get a little crowded and can be a wonderful place to mingle but if your looking for a little more room the upsatirs bar is the place to go.Dinner can be quite expensive but also well worth it. Great selection of steaks and sides. They also have nightly specials that have never let us down. By far the best deal at Del Frisco's is the bar menu where everything is $7 from 4:30pm-7:00pm. I suggest the burger and popcorn shrimp with a couple drinks and you can walk out for about $30 after a great time.
2	Overprice and bad food preparation.  We went 7/24/2012 as a professional group of all industries.  We hope to enjoy a good meal and warm chatter.  Instead we all had burnt to overcooked mashed potatoes.  One person's steak was cold and everyone else's looked too crispy in a bad way for a steak.  They did not feel the need to substitute side items until a manager was called.  They took the other lady's steak and try to cook it some more to keep it warm.  Besides all kind of health violations this was appauling.  As noted by previous reveiews, I will have to pass on this establishment.  I will save my money for Georges' across the stree.
5	I've been to DF quite a few times either for drinks or dinner and the experiences have been....meh.  We went there last night (it's been at least a year since a mediocre experience there) and that was the best dining experience I've had in a looooong time. The service was insane - the sommelier came over to explain the wines twice, the waiter was constantly checking in (not obnoxiously) and had in depth explanations of the menu as well as items that we could get that weren't on the menu.  When we were finished, about 5 people swooped in and cleaned up our table in less than 5 seconds.  To drink we had the VIP martini (pineapple infused vodka) which was frothy and VERY tasty (and strong).  I ordered the shrimp cocktail, which you can get with a bunch of different sauces but I got the traditional cocktail sauce and asked them to make it extra spicy and it was great. Got the scallops which were succulent and there were plenty of them with the perfect amount of a delicious sauce; we ordered the 3 fillet medallions and the petite fillet, baked potato, and mac and cheese (we brought the kids) and they were deeeelicious.  They were very accomodating in terms of providing the kids with a "vanilla"/not to spicey version of the sides.  And we ended with one of those molten chocolate cakes with vanilla bean ice cream which we ordered for the kids, but I ate almost the whole thing.  And I don't even like chocolate that much.They knew it was my birthday, so maybe that's why the service was exceptional, but I doubt it.  Looking forward to going back after a long break from this place!
5	Love Del Frisco's - if you can swing it, one of the top places for a meal in Charlotte.  One of the few places that feels as grand as the prices.  Wine list is among the best in the city, but you definitely pay for it.  Great for special occasions or if you want to impress.  Servers are all top-notch and the food, practically perfect.
5	Went here with a biz client on a Weds night not oo long ago and was pleasantly surprised that we we had a coupled of great
5	This is probably the most 'high class' restaurant I have been to in Charlotte.  The lighting and decor are very nice and the ceilings are extremely high.  This is the kind of place you would want to go to for a celebration or a nice evening.On Sunday's you can order a 4 course dinner for $49.50/person, but I split it b/c it is a ton of food....so it is more like $24.75/person (not bad!). Plus you get delicious bread and butter which you will devour by the loaf.Courses:1. Del Salad- This is way better than you would think.  The bacon avocado ranch dressing is nice, but the giant piece of perfectly cooked bacon set on top of the salad is what makes it.2. 8oz Filet & Lump Crab Cake - Self explanatory....both were really good.2a. Steamed Broccoli - It had lots of garlic and some light balsamic sauce...I ate the whole thing...3. Cheesecake w/ strawberry sauce - It is so light and tastes great.  Hybrid of cheescake and whipped cream.The wine and service was great as well.  I do not like it as much as Ruth's Chris...but it definitiely surprised me.
5	This was my 3rd or 4th visit to Del Frisco's. I have always had a great meal. The steak was perfectly prepared, the oysters were delish and the sides were great!It's always a treat!
4	I visited Del Frisco's a few months ago with some friends of mine. We opted to sit in the bar area, and just order some appetizers and drinks. The menu is quite pricey, but this restaurant is upscale along the lines of Morton's or Ruth's Chris. Dress nicely when you show up here.The service was attentive, professional and polite. It's exactly as great as you'd expect for a high end restaurant. The food was also a highlight. The appetizers we ordered were delicious. The fried calamari looked and smelled so delicious that I broke my "I'll never eat *squid*" rule and tried it. It tasted fantastic. Shockingly, I discovered at 40 that apparently I am incredibly allergic to calamari, as I went into mild anaphylaxis (it was my first exposure ever to calamari or any mollusc). Nevermind that, it was delicious! However, I've been informed that I am to never eat calamari or any other mollusc again. So sad. I'll say this, fried calamari was never tempting enough to even try until I it was in front of me at Del Frisco's, so there's that.All in all, a wonderful dining experience. Just a little pricey for my wallet at the moment. Highly recommended!
2	So, turns out I forgot to write about this restaurant... Interesting. Anyways, my most recent at this restaurant was just this past week and this was my second time visiting this restaurant. Going inside, you definitely know that this place is a high class type of restaurant (at least going by the way it looks). Both times, I used the valet service because well, I'm too lazy to figure out where to park as the parking lots are a little hidden from the view. My suggestion is to go find it. Reserve your spot and arrive a little early to just do that.The first time, when I ate at this restaurant it was busy. Our food came fast, it was good. No complaints there. If I did write my review then it would have been 4 stars, easily. This time though, lets just say as you can see my rating I wasn't so fond of it.So sitting down we were given our menus and were told the prices of some of the specials they had. They had lobster tail specials, and were they expensive. $6/ounce and it goes up to $150 for I believe 24 ounces. Now, you must be wondering why so expensive? Well, they're "Australian Lobsters." Yeah, you heard it. Luckily my father had a mad craving to have lobster so he just bought an 8 ounce lobster tail for $48. Now when they say just lobster, it seriously just a lobster. If you ordered it you would probably have went to go take out at a fast food joint right after this expensive meal. I mean, $48 at least they could have gave him a side dish or something to go with that lobster. Just a heated dipping tray of butter and well, an 8 ounce lobster. But, I guess that's something you sacrifice when you go to expensive restaurants. Money, for less food.I ordered the special, pan seared scallops with basically mashed potatoes (which they named it a little different, something with "au gratin" which is actually just a way to prepare it.) The scallops weren't bad,  just nothing special in my opinion. I also ordered the Strawberry Romanov dessert which was actually just 2 scoops of vanilla ice cream with a few slices of strawberry and a piece of mint. For $8, that's really high class there Del Frisco, really.Now, lets go onto the service. Note, my first time when I came here it was really busy and my food came out really fast. On top of that my party size was the same. This time, we got served an hour later. Within that hour, 30 minutes of that was with no bread, no asking of what we needed. Nothing. So, stupidly we just sat there talking and wondering where our service was. We had a table that sat behind us who came in about 30 minutes in and get their food faster than we did. I think I have come to reason why this happened. When we were ordering our food we were a little picky on what we ate because of the price. So, I guess this is the backlash of trying to be somewhat reasonable to spend. Discriminating against those who didn't want to break their savings account for a meal. I wish this review was only about the food, as I really don't like to complain so much on service. But, at the price we were paying for eating there I think everything should be perfect. Especially on a night when no one was there! I won't come back here, unless someone else is picking up the tab and its a party. You can spend your money more wisely and if you do want to go to a high class restaurant I recommend you to go elsewhere. Big disappointment on the second time here, I guess this restaurant is one of those "One hit wonders".
5	The bone-in ribeye is one of the best prepared steaks I have I had.  I have had steaks as good but none better.  Highly recommend
5	I cant believe Ive waited this long to come here. Everything was absolutely delicious.......Had an awesome crab cake for an appetizer & although for $18 I expected 2 cakes, they only give you one but it was wonderful. Its real crabmeat & its served with a very tasty cajun sauce that I absolutely loved! My filet mignon was cooked perfectly & seasoned very well. I was very surprised to see skillet potatoes & onions on the menu @ such an upscale place, they were very good and the amount they give you is plenty for 2/3 people. I ordered strawberry cheesecake for dessert & I was only able to eat one bite of it because I was absolutely stuffed from the bread, ceasar salad, filet mignon & potatoes! I cant wait to come back!
5	Always, always, always delivers great service, great ambience (for a steak house) and great steak.  Personally, I think the bone-in filet is far and away the best steak to be had in Charlotte.For those who want to complain about price -- you don't walk into this place looking for a "deal" (other than during restaurant week).  Truth in advertising: this is one of the most expensive restaurants in Charlotte.  It isn't like they are trying to hide that fact and pull a fast one on their customers.
3	Steak was good. A little on the salty side but did the job. I would go back but would look at other options first.
2	Ridiculously overpriced in comparison to other good steakhouses in the area. The salt used in their dishes is disturbing. Let's be honest, the rent on the space they occupy is enormously high, and the only way they are breaking even is by charging astronomical prices for very mediocre food.I can't fault them, and they have a great atmosphere and customer base, so more power to them. But do not come here if you want good food. Come here if you want to wine and dine or impress, as that is the only thing that is worth the price tag of the bill at the end of the night.
2	I've dined here on business three times in as many months. I will not be coming back.  The steaks were fine, but at this price point they should be outstanding.  Service was acceptable but again definitely not the level of professionalism that you would expect in this range.  On multiple occasions the waiter would insert himself into our conversation with comments regarding our topic.  Final insult - if you give them your email address to confirm your reservation they will spam you for several days afterward.
2	I've dined here on business three times in as many months. I will not be coming back.  The steaks were fine, but at this price point they should be outstanding.  Service was acceptable but again definitely not the level of professionalism that you would expect in this range.  On multiple occasions the waiter would insert himself into our conversation with comments regarding our topic.  Final insult - if you give them your email address to confirm your reservation they will spam you.
5	Made a celebratory trip to Del Frisco's with my parents and wife.  Unbelievably good meal and service.  We arrived at 6pm on a Sunday night, but the place was fairly empty.  By 7pm, however, it was packed.  $99 power couple meal is an absolute steal when the food and service are this good:  one salad per person, steak and crabcake per person, one side dish per person but large enough to share across 4 people, and one dessert per person for $99.  The steak literally melted in my mouth.  We added stone crab claws as an appetizer, but that was a mistake.  They're ridiculously delicious but really expensive and you get so much food with the Power Couple meal, it just wasn't a wise decision.  Highly recommend this place for a swanky once in a while dinner location.I
4	The food here is  very good but not a great deal for the price.  I think there are many options for comparable food quality at better price points, which is why I don't give it 5 stars.  However, the service is outstanding, which is why I don't give just 3 stars.I went with some friends on a week night.  I tried the large stone crab claws for an app, double 4oz medallion fillets for main.  I coupled this with a delicious pinot noir (don't remember the name) recommended by our server.  We shared a huge wedge of lemon cake for dessert.I liked the design of the restaurant with vaulted ceilings.  Sometimes in other chop houses you have lower ceilings and wood paneled chair rails that causes the sound to bounce around.  You have good space between tables but can't carry on a converstaion other than the person next to you.  White table cloths and a sharply dressed wait staff added to the professional ambiance.  On a service note, I did appreciate the concerted effort in serving food and removing dishes.This isn't an everyday place to eat at but certainly fun for special occasions and business outtings.  Will have to come back again soon.
5	Another Perfect meal at Del Frisco's!!  Got a table for 2 right away by booking on Open Table, Perfect Filet Mignon and Crab Cake and Scallops were excellent also!!  Sides just as good and the Del Salad with Avocado dressing is my favorite salad anywhere!!  Didn't have room for dessert but the Lemon 7 layer cake is a must!!
3	The food was wonderful, but there is nothIng worse than going out for dinner to have a good time and end up having to deal with horrible and rude service. During Restaurant Week we decided to try a new restaurant and I am glad we did Del Frisco's because their steak was delicious. Unfortunately, our waiter was horrible!! My friend ordered some extra bread for the table and the rude waiter came and placed it right in front of her in a rude way without even saying a word and walking away. Why place it right in front of her as if she was going to eat it all. She just ordered it for everyone? Is everyone going to get a loaf of bread chubbed in our face too? Everyone in the table felt offended by his attitude and made it very unconfortable. He never came to check on us and we had to keep asking other waiters to fill up our cups. He was rude and made our dinner experience not enjoyable at all! He made us not want to come back on a regular day to pay regular price and get BAD SERVICE!!!
2	Growing up in the restaurant industry, I know a good restaurant when I see it, and I KNOW the importance of service in making your meal a great experience. My parents had been here before and they had never raved about it, but when my friend group suggested to try it for restaurant week, I was up for it. I understand restaurant week may mean a lower price point, especially for steak houses, but with the volume that they get in reservations, I am sure it all evens out. Our reservation was at 8:45 and since the entire party did not get there until 9, we were seated around 9:10. We were led all the way downstairs to the basement wine cellar where there were about 5 other tables. A really confusing part of our evening was the fact that we had about 4 different people attending our table - only one of them was nice. We asked for bread, and one of the waiters THREW it on the table in front of the person who had asked. So incredibly rude, appalling and horrifying! With the 3 course menu & 2 glasses of wine and tip it was almost 80 dollars - which I will happily pay at Ruth's Chris or The Palm where the service is always flawless and outstanding. The food was good - not going to lie, but it was overshadowed by the terrible way we were treated. I have never experienced such horrible service and rudeness from waiters! I can understand their stress for restaurant week, but it truly ruined our night. Please Del Frisco's - do not participate in restaurant week if you do not have the proper staff for it. Our night would have been a great night if we had just been treated with respect.
5	I only been to Del Frisco's once and I had one of the best steak I have ever had. The Wagyu "Longbone" 32 Oz. Ribeye with sauteed mushrooms was perfection. Spinach and Potatoes Au Gratin were good. It's a high end place so be ready to spend some money.
3	We went to Del Frisco's this past weekend with a friend from Boston this was on our bucket list of restaurant's to go to. My friend and client was in town looking to purchase a property in Charlotte, and wanted to go to Del Frisco's because he had a great experience in the one in Philadelphia. The ambience was beautiful with a great wine room the service was great as for the food. I had the veal which was over seasoned we were a little disappointed more so I was expecting a lot better.
5	I've been here twice and I can't rave enough about it! May I suggest going during happy hour or just eating appetizers at the bar if you don't want a huge meal. Eat your heart out Ruth's Chris!!
4	The place is huge and with nice outside/inside seating.  The bar area is really nice.  Good customer service.  Food is great too.
5	My wife and I came here to celebrate my birthday, and enjoyed one of the best meals we've had in a long time. We both had the petite fillet, which were cooked and seasoned to perfection! Our waitress recommended a fantastic wine pairing, and topped off the meal with a complimentary banana bread pudding. The setting was also wonderful, with high ceilings and tables spaced comfortably apart for privacy. A little on the pricey side, but no more expensive than any other top-ranked steakhouse chain I've been to. Their Friday Night wine special knocked a $95 bottle of Cab down to around $60 -- a great value. All in all, Del Frisco's made for an outstanding meal and a very special birthday celebration. We'll DEFINITELY be back.
2	If i had written this after my first experience here it probably would have been a 5 star review. However, after my last trip all it really warrants is now a 2. My recent visits were during restaurant week and on most occasions the food was very good. Although i do think they should go back to the old macaroni and cheese dish with bacon instead of the lobster one but anyway.... The service the first time was impeccable. Had an all around great experience. Even got a card in the mail a week later thanking me for dining there. The latest time, it was just very disappointing. I get that generally the wait staff at restaurants hate restaurant week. It attracts people who have no idea about the concept of tipping on the original price, adding additional dishes etc. Well, i happen to understand all of these concepts and i don't appreciate being treated like  some jerk diner who will leave a shitty tip. During this visit the waitress barely spoke or acknowledged us. While we did order from the restaurant week menu each person in my party also ordered an additional sides. A bit later the servers tried to deliver our food to the wrong table, toward the end we had to flag someone down to get to-go boxes for our dessert. This kind of service is in my opinion unacceptable for one of the "best steakhouses in Charlotte". I am not planning a return visit any time soon.
4	I really enjoyed the atmosphere.  Food was consistent with other Del Frisco locations.  I would suggest you request no or low salt on steak.
5	Steak is fabulous, the best I ever had, but there is nothing really wrong with any other meats on the menu. Truly anything is excellent though. The best deal is a 3 course meal during the queens feast. $30 for 3 courses. Beat deal in town.
5	We loved it. The food and service were phenomenal. Looking forward to another opportunity to enjoy dining here again!
5	This is one of the best steakhouses I have been to!  Not until halfway through did the waiter tell us this was owned by Sullivan's which is also one of my favorite steak houses. Our table shared the ahi tuna, a salad and lobster mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was the BEST I have ever had!  We also shared the filet and crab cakes.  Steak cut like butter and the crab cakes might have been close to the best too which is a strong statement seeing how I live close to MD. Our third party had chicken which I didn't taste and the broccolini (this is what happens when you bring a health nut to a steak house)  but he enjoyed both.  No room for dessert!  I am happy they have a location in Philly!
5	This was one of the best steak restaurants I have ever dined in. I will not necessarily grade the beef higher than some of the quality Fleming's establishments I've eaten at, especially since I had a trio of 4oz. filets; however, the overall quality of each of our courses was stellar.I absolutely recommend this in Charlotte for business entertainment or a nice formal dinner. Bring your checkbook, but it's worth it.
5	Amazing food. April is a fabulous server and all the staff were outstanding. Our dinner was very memorable.
4	Celebrated a birthday there on Sunday- service was great, excellent wine list, good was great, had an awesome Sunday special that I was unaware of before I got there.  The lobster Mac and cheese was perfect, the crab cake was delicious but you only got 1 for $19.00, the steaks were wonderful, But I didn't like the BBQ shrimp, they were just two steamed shrimp with BBQ sauce poured over them.  It was expensive, but I expected that, I will definitely be back.
5	This was the most fantastic dinner we had on our business trip.  We had a no chain rule, and did not know this was an upscale to Sullivan's until the waiter told us.  No matter, it was worth the trip and every penny.  I really wanted stone crab claws but the waiter told us they were out do to a shortage. We shared an ahi tuna salad with the tuna cooked just perfectly rare, and the most amazing lobster macaroni and cheese I have ever tasted.  My friend and I shared an 8 oz  filet and crab cakes with Jicama Slaw & Cajun Lobster Sauce. Our 3rd friend ordered chicken and broccolini because he only eats healthy, unlike Nicole B and me! The filet literally melted in our mouths, and the crab cake was all crab and no filler. I had a $15 A Breath of Fresh Pear, Grey Goose La Poire Vodka, Cointreau, white cranberry juice which was pricey but very good. This meal ruined several others because nothing could compare to the deliciousness we experienced at Del Frisco's!
4	My husband & I have visited twice for a reason. The food is really great and we enjoy the atmosphere. I've had the scallops & a filet. The scallops were cooked perfectly, topped with minced ginger which got to be a bit much after a while, even though I love ginger. The filet was also wonderful. No frills & I love that. Their bread pudding is outstanding, I love it so much.
2	Del frisco's is so hit or miss.  We have had great meals there but also epic fails.  Here are my tips if your going there.    -Don't go with a group of more than four.  -Request a table downstairs, the upstairs area is more like a sports bar than the opulent dining room downstairs.  Also, we  have ALWAYS had bad service up there, don't know why.   -Try sitting at a bar table if you can, during happy hour they have great food specials that are more inventive than the appetizers on the regular menu.  We really do love this place when it's on, but when they are off its a really expensive long off.  The last time we were there it was a party of 8.  My fish was served cold, we had to get up and get the waiter to come to back to our table to actually take our order.  Several peoples steaks were't cooked right.  The waiter also upsold us on the sides.  He told us for the amount of people we had we needed two of each side we ordered, seriously we had so much left overs it required to multiple bags to take home.
5	Let me start by saying  I am NOT a steak person. I'm a simple girl, a burger will usually do and I do enjoy seafood from time to time. For my birthday this year my sig other opted for me to try a change and made reservations for Del Friscos. I was definitly pleasantly suprised! I ordered the filet, medium and it came out hot, fresh, seasoned well and juicy. The butter and chive sauce that accompanied the baked potato left no room for sour cream or any other additive. The service was impeccable and the wine suggestions were on par. I would definitly recommend and will be returning in the future :)
5	A little pricey BUT the food was great and the service was outstanding. Our steak entrees were delicious  and we loved the calamari and the lobster Mac and cheese.
5	Excellent, friendly service. The steaks were amazing!
5	Great atmosphere and outstanding service, the food just pairs with everything! Del Frisco's is in line with Morton's and Ruth's Chris. Can't really pinpoint if it is better or worse but I would stay it is at least the same. I still think that the Dressler's Restaurant has a better steak though.There are a lot of people complaining about the price... seriously? If you would like a $9.99 steak go to Outback. This is a prime steakhouse, prime steakhouse has prime service and prime food, that costs money and in exchange has excellent quality. If you are paying $40 in a steak and it stinks it is a different story, but with Del Frisco's you will have a much better experience than any other prime steakhouse I have been to.
4	Beautiful place!!!  The building is impressive, service too.  Rich uncle took me and the family, he frequents the place.  We were there on a Tuesday evening and it's clearly a business kinda place.  While all the tables were filled , we were 1 of a few 'families' out to dine.  80% were clearly people on business.  I had the filet trio - It was presented quite well.  The veggies were all served on  plates alone and set in the middle , family style dining - we liked that very much.  I was most impressed with the temp. of the food, I am quite particular about my food ( and plate if I can get it) being hot as possible when served.  I suppose all 6 people are brought their plates at the exact same time by a 'team' , it helps ; ) ............. I am always impressed by that performance the few times I've been fortunate enough to receive it. ; )   The toppings of my trio were ALL expertly prepared, shrimp, foie gras, and the reduction.  The actual meat was not my favorite part of the meal.  It was good, chewy ( not tough at all) , but chewy. It was not the aged beef taste I expected from such an expensive restaurant.  BUT - I am far from an expert on red meat as I eat it on rare occasions.  While being a $$$$ place it was quite relaxed atmosphere and  service, you don't feel like you should whisper and keep your napkin folded perfectly in your lap at all times. great dining experience - would definitely returnbut only when that 'rich uncle' treats.
4	Del Frisco's is an upscale restaurant with EXCELLENT service.  Extensive wine list. The calamari was interesting.  Different take from a traditional appetizer.  Salads were normal...the Del Salad had slices of bacon instead of bacon bits.  Over cooked and salty.  I had the filet, my husband had the rib-eye.  He was quite happy with his choice.  Said it was as good as Flemming's,  better than Ruth's Chris. Chalet Pot. were too peppery for my taste.  Dessert and coffee, normal.Overall, I would say the food were on the acceptable caliber for the style of restaurant.  It is in the South Park area, so the clientele was of THAT level. Service was outstanding.
3	We were 4 of us for a business dinner!It was busy and crowded!We sat upstairs, and we were very well taken care of the waiter, he was the best thing during the whole evening!My stake, bone in ribeye, was more than OK, as well as the cocktails!Some of us had oysters, they were good!The crab cakes also passed the quality mark, but the scallops as an entree was sub par!Further it was noisy, very difficult to hold a conversation. Maybe we should have picked a table outside, instead!
4	Great service, good food.  There are other places to get just as good of a steak for $25 less per person but we knew what we were getting into on the price
5	I saved my 100th review for del Frisco's for a reason! This place is so special to me and my husband. Our first experience was at the DF in NYC and we haven't been able to stop since then. When we moved to Charlotte, we were beyond thrilled when we found out there was a DF here. We weren't sure if it would live up to our expectations. NYC was beautiful and grand and the food was fantastic, as usual. We had a completely different experience at the DF in Las Vegas. Don't get me wrong, the food was great, but the restaurant itself was seriously lacking the DF grandeur with it's low tiled ceiling and lack of windows. Then came Charlotte and we were not disappointed! It's just like the one in NYC, but facing Fairview and Piedmont Row instead of 6th Ave.We've been to this location a lot and the service here is excellent. The hostess are always really friendly and accommodating. We normally get there before our reservation to start out the bar for a cocktail then head to our table once it's ready. Again, the service is excellent. When we were here during our Charlotte scouting trip, our service went above and beyond to sing praises of Charlotte and even wrote out a list of things we should check out once we moved to Charlotte. Very sweet. As usual, he food is delicious. The wine list is extensive and impressive. I always find something that I like. We usually start out with the crab cake appetizer or we each get salads. The crab cake is one of the best I've ever had and my favorite salad is the Del's Salad. Our entrees always vary. Sometimes steak, sometimes fish, sometimes I'll even have the crab cakes again for my entree (they're that good). We'll normally order two sides - a carb and a vegetable. One thing I really really wish they had was the cauliflower gratin that, I think, they only serve at the DF in NYC. No matter what, we save room for lemon cake for dessert. Even if it means we take a slice to go. We've been known to even have a slice at the restaurant and have one to go for the following day. Neither one of us are huge lemon flavored dessert fans, but this cake has us singing a different tune. This restaurant is one of our favorites and I'm so glad we have one in the city in which we now live!
2	This review is based on two visits here recently. I had never been here before and had heard great things from most people. I was a little torn with the 2 star review, as the service was definitely very good and attentive, but overall I have had equally good service and better food at many other steakhouses. The decor is nice and fancy, but I just can't get past the food.For the first visit, I naturally went with a steak and chose the ribeye, which turned out to be an average cut and preparation of meat. It was marginally overcook past my desire for medium rare. My criteria has always been, if I can make a better steak at home, why am I bothering to go out and pay extra for it, and this steak fell into that category. The fried oyster appetizer seemed to be thrown together with poorly fried oysters. The best thing on the first visit was probably the calamari.On the second visit, I thought that I would try a special for the night and I went with the scallops with ramps. This meal wound up being a tale or meal of two stories with half my dish being bland and the other half being over salty. By this I mean that half the scallops were under seasoned while the other half were over seasoned. I am not even sure how this is possible. I was halfway through the dish by the time I realized this was the case. Again the calamari was the star of the evening other than the fancy wines being ordered by others during this business type dinner. One last thing, I just wish that one steakhouse had the guts to try and venture out with some new side dishes other than the tired same ones found everywhere. I guess the star of the show is the steak, so they can't or don't want to change the approach. I think based on all that I have expressed "meh, I've had better" is appropriate.
5	Got the prime pair prix-fixe summer special. To be honest i expected to leave this place with enough room for dessert in my stomach. NOPE, i was stuffed, if you get prime pair it will be plenty of food! Obviously teh steak was amazing but the sides were awesome as well. Probably one of the best, if not the best, crab cake i have ever eaten.  You will not be disappointed, service is excellent.
5	I have been to this location twice, both during restaurant week and both times the service was excellent and so was the meal!I started with the house mixed salad, but I was disappointed after tasting my sister's Caesar salad which was far superior to my choice. I opted for the filet which was cooked perfectly and the oscar style accompaniment, which had a generous amount of crab. The meal ended with a slice of cheesecake with strawberry topping, which was a perfect consistency. Despite being very busy both times the waitstaff never made me feel rushed and tables were spaced far enough apart to keep the noise level down.
4	The steak was great! I had a 8oz fillet and it was delicious. I appreciated the server asking me to cut into my steak to make sure it was cooked to my preference. The meat used and cooking is quality.The restaurant, decor and service all ooze quality. I don't frequent many expensive restaurants, so I wouldn't visit often, but for special occasions.Our group definitely had a great time.
4	Went on a Sunday during restaurant week. Delicious steak, ordered lobster Mac and cheese which was so so so good. It's creamy, gooey, rich and delicious. Service was a tag team effort, which was fine everything was prompt and professional but lacked the friendliness that you get from conversing with a sever throughout the night
4	One of the better steakhouses in Charlotte! Great for business dinners or a fancy night out. Start out with their VIP cocktail (Vodka infused Pineapple). I ask for it in an old fashioned glass because let's face it, it's a girly drink everyone can enjoy...just not in a martini glass. The appetizers and salads are solid, I'm a blue cheese wedge fan. While the other protein in this place is ok (fish, chicken, seafood...) you are here for the steaks... and they are good. Every time I've come here they have been well prepared! The stakes are a little on the expensive side, but not astronomical. What you save on the steaks they will take on the wine. They have a very impressive wine list, with a very impressive price tag. Finding something decent less than $80 takes a little bit of effort. The sides are not to be forgotten. I particularly like the lobster mac&cheese, mushrooms and spinach. The service in this place of above average, good wait staff. Overall, solid choice any day of the week... or everyday of the week depending on your budget.
5	I have to say I got NO complains for this place, including the service and the food and the drink as well! First of all, this is a huge place, perfect for events, meetings and so on, you may want to be more dressy too! Staffs and managers are super friendly and nice, very professional! As they know is my bday, they wrote me a very sweet bday card which puts on top of the table, with their signature,  so sweet. The food I would say is high high quality, you defiantly get what you paid for! We orders shanghai style calamari ( soo soo soo good, especially the sauce, sweet and spicy) and carpaccio ( raw beef, super high quality, smooth and fresh, OMG, I love it without with the breads, just eat it like that!!!) On tray we had steak which comes with crab cake, scallops, salad, potato as a side( well, that's two people's order!) everything just too perfect to complain... Well, actually, there was a small accident, which was the steak my friend ordered, he was asking for medium cook, I ordered medium rare, mine tuned out just perfect, however, my friend's steak was little bit over cooked ( as they would like us cut it am half double check first to make sure we are happy with what we order), so they sent the steak back immediately, and didn't charge us that steak ( because it's my bday and they felt bad that I had to eat alone, that's of course one of the reason haha). We were truly appreciated that, also, they gave me a piece of huge pound cake with a candle over top and the pointless amazing ice cream drink ..... Don't know how they make it, it kinda taste like a smoothie, except with alcohol in it!! Over all, I would like to say that's the best birthday dinner experience I ever had!! Thank you all:)
1	"The service was rushed. They interrupted us constantly to rush us through the meal. The team didn't talk to each other so they didn't bring the food out in the right order. Then they stopped coming by at all and we had to ask for more water and to order more drinks. I had called for a special table. They put us by the kitchen and then said they couldn't move us. We got to listen to the waitstaff yell back and forth at each other. I called the next day. Spoke to a manager who said her colleague would call me back. No call. The atmosphere is like Cheesecake Factory, not of a restaurant where we spent $400 for 2 to have dinner. Spend your money elsewhere. It's not worth it."
5	We had Tava as a waitress she is perfect! The food was perfect, the drinks, bread even butter was perfect. A must visit
5	One of the best steaks in Charlotte without question. Steaks are always top notch. Best cut I've had there is the bone in filet. Also best calamari I've ever had...with a great Asian sweet and spicy sauce. For sides, I'd highly recommend the mashed potatoes. They have a little chipotle in them that give a slightly smoky and spicy flavor. Lastly, the service is top notch. Servers always have a smile on their face and very personable.
5	We eat here wire often and must say that we are pretty happy. Food here is good! Especially coming from a Miami where my go to steakhouse was Prime 112. The service here is excellent, they took me in on a Saturday night at 11:00 p.m. And still offered great service and food. The shrimp cocktail is very good. Must try the pan roasted chicken with the lime rice! The steaks are cooked very well! The banana bread pudding is a must have!
5	This is a lovely place to get together with friends or that special someone in your life. It looks like a fancy restaurant that you might see on your favorite daytime or nighttime TV soap opera. After the valet takes your car, you walk into the soft lit restaurant and are warmly greeted by the hostess. There is an impressive sweeping wooden staircase that commands one's attention. My sweetheart and I sat in an oversized booth with a linen tablecloth and candlelight. The waitstaff promptly addressed us.I  ordered the salmon medium well. I substituted the regular tomato and capers sauce for the soy ginger and wasabi pea sauce with a side of braised red cabbage with goat cheese and walnuts. Absolutely the best salmon I've eaten! The cabbage was an unusual combination, but one I hope to duplicate at home. It's was quite tasty. My Hunny had the beef medallions, green beans and potatoes. It was also very good! I ordered one cocktail, which was perfect! Be prepared to spend some dough!! Our bill came to $98 before gratuity!! It was a wonderful dining experience. My Hunny warned me not to make this my favorite restaurant, but of course it is!!  :-)
5	Always top notch. Eaten there 4 times. Never a miss. Always spot on 5 star experience in every area.
5	Wonderful dinner!  Del Salad, Steak and creamed spinach was outstanding.  Great service and atmosphere. I would highly recommend Del Frisco's.
5	Amazing amazing amazing is all I can say my steak was delicious and our server Erika was probably the best one I have had in years! The Manger came to the table and was very nice as well! It is pricey but I will gladly pay it again for what we recieved!
5	My husband and I decided to do a night on the town and got a car and driver and made reservations at Del Frisco's.I had told my husband what a great meal and great service I received when my daughter and I had gone there on July 4th and he had been anxious to try it out ever since.The evening did not start out well, as the driver was almost a half an hour late and I thought that it would put a damper on the entire night.Once we arrived, due to our tardiness, we had to wait a bit; so we decided to have cocktails at the bar... Ray, the bartender immediately lifted our spirits with his jovial mood and great cocktails - I am not really sure if his jokes were exceptionally funny or if the drinks were just really good. But we were seated without a very long wait, and we were almost sad to leave our new bartender friend.Our server was professional, yet friendly and even knew that we were from Southern California based on notes that Buddy, the GM had taken when my daughter and I had dined there.My husband ordered the ribeye, but they had a special that I decided to try, which was the bone-in filet...The Bone-in FiletTHE BONE-IN FILET!!!T H E   B O N E - I N - F I L E T!!!!!!!!!!!!Did I mention the frickin' BONE-IN FILET????Enough said!!!! One of the best steaks I have ever had and we dine out a lot and frequent many high end restaurants.This steak was seasoned and cooked to medium-rare PERFECTION. And although my husband's ribeye was tasty... T H E   B O N E - I N - F I L E T is the steak that young cows still grazing in fields aspire to become!!!The only down side of our visit was that Buddy was not working, so I didn't get to introduce my husband to him as I had hoped to do. However, I am not concerned about making introductions, because as my husband continually dipped onto my plate to help me eat T H E   B O N E - I N - F I L E T, there was a gleam in his eye that told me that he would soon return for one of his very own and he could meet Buddy then.
5	My mom, dad, husband, and I went here for dinner for my mom's birthday last week and it was nothing short of fantastic. We sat upstairs near the bar where we could still watch the Panthers/Saints game, but it wasn't the star attraction. Our waitress Erica was attentive, knowlegdable, but not too over-bearing. I had the tomato-onion salad with the blue cheese crumbles and vingarette dressing to start, and I could have eaten just that for dinner it was so amazing. For dinner, I had the seafood dinner entree special of a crab-stuffed sole with a spicy tomato jam-to die for! For a steak house, they out-did themselves on their seafood! My dad had a trio steak special, with 2 types of filet and a short rib that I kept stealing samples of. And my mom and husband had 2 of the most delicious rib-eyes Charlotte had to offer. The drinks were strong but not powerful, and the wine list was a novel with a selection for every palate. We love this place for special occasions and wish it was more budget friendly for more regular date nights!
5	We came to the restaurant for my birthday.  We had a super waitress.  Not too pushy but very attentive.  The steaks were seasoned to perfection and the side dishes were great.  We saved room for dessert- totally yummy. This is one of my favorite restaurants for a special occasion.
5	I came to Charlotte for a business trip and wanted some steaks.  Looked up yelp and decided to pick this place.  Ordered the steak and had the tuna as starter.  Great service, awesome food, kind of pricey for Charlotte but definitely had a great dinner here? Will come back next time in Charlotte.
5	Wonderful dinner!  Del Salad, Steak and creamed spinach was outstanding.  Great service and atmosphere. I would highly recommend Del Frisco's.  I will definitely be back for dinner.
4	Good atmosphere but a bit loud. Excellent service that makes the price you pay worth it.
4	Amazing, It's expensive but soooo worth it. I'm in love with there lobster cake appetizer.
5	I am updating my review for Del Frisco because I can't say enough good things about this restaurant. We went there this weekend for a special occasion and could not have had a better experience. We showed up a few minutes early for our reservation and we were promptly seated. The hostess asked if we were celebrating anything special, information that she relayed on to our waiter so his first greeting was of congratulations, which was a small touch that went a long way to give the night that extra unique experience. I started with the pomegranate martini, which was strong but smooth. We both opted for the prefix menu and I ordered a caesar salad, 8 ounce filet with scallops and the chateau potatoes. The salad was excellent, a rather large portion for a starter but I love the dressing and the extra-large croutons. The steak was cooked to a perfect medium, and the waiter who brought our food asked us to check the steaks before he left to ensure they were cooked properly. This was a great customer service experience that made me feel like the restaurant wanted to put forward their best on every plate. I am not sure how they accomplished it but the steak had that great chargrilled taste and crisp outside while the middle was tender and a perfect warm pink. The scallop pairing was sensational with a light drizzle of a delicious creamy lemon garlic sauce. The potatoes were creamy and well-seasoned and there isn't much more to say when you set them next to such an excellent steak and scallop combo. We finished our meal with a decadent slice of cheesecake, and the manager stopped by our table to ask how our experience was and if there was anything else we needed. Del Frisco's definitely takes care of the diner from start to finish with excellent customer service and phenomenal steaks.
5	Excellent service. We went in and it was slam packed & backed up w reservations. The manager squeezed in a table for us upstairs. So many servers & managers came to check on us. It felt like we were the only 2 people in the restaurant. I got the seafood tower platter for 2 & BF got steak. Delicious! $$ but you know that going in. Not a better spot in Charlotte for sure.
5	This place is great! One of the best steaks in town. We go here every Christmas Eve and they always deliver. The service is on point and the food is always cooked to perfection. After saying all of this I must add one small complaint.. I arrived a little earlier than the rest of my party this year and ordered a sweet tea at the bar for the wait. The bartender handed me the tea and then told me it was $4.32!! Haha!! I quickly asked if there was alcohol in it, which there was not. I paid the man under the impression that I was about to have a glass of perfection, the nectar of the gods, at the very least the best damn sweet tea known to man!! Sadly it wasn't even homemade. Hopefully they can fix this little hiccup. I figure when they know you are about to spend a lot on dinner they can swing the price of a fountain drink. Now to end on a positive note I would recommend this place to everyone who is looking for fantastic food and a great dining experience.
4	This is out first time in the windy city and we were told this was the place for steak and they weren't kidding. Made a reservation and was taken right on time. From the moment we sat down to the end of dinner it was like we were the only table this staffer had. The portions are very large so sharing is recommended. We had the surf and turf, lobster tail and porterhouse steak baked potato and Brussels sprouts. Perfect! We declined on appetizers and dessert. Ty for the great dining experience.
5	I have had some good steaks in my life. Holy f*^k this wagu bone in ribeye is better than sex. Way better than papas brothers or the palm. Crab cakes are amazing and the staff don't try to rush anything and aren't spread to thin. Good service and great atmosphere. Ask for Terrell there isn't s dish he can't pair perfectly.
