4	I still feel a little bit more dumb after the indoor cart racing experience here.  Take the constant smell of exhaust fumes, this place was really fun.  We went here for a business team event and the 10 of us went at it.  Of course I placed 1st in all categories, but if I finished last I would have still had a great time.  The give discounts to parties over 8 people, trophies to the top 3 racers and free t-shirts.  Go here if you are around this area and you are bored.
4	Without having substantial go-karting experience (I've only been [serious] go-karting here and at F-1), Raceway gives a very fun experience.  It's not posh, not "hip", and the employees are definitely not there to baby you and treat you as though "the customer is always right."  In fact, more often than not my experience with the employees make me feel like a tiny ant who just crawled into crater, not really worthy of notice.  So... perfect.The experience is in the racing.  You go, you initial in places to say that should you be really really stupid you can't sue them, you pay, grab gear, and race.  They provide the carts, helmets, vending machines, and 40s retro style chairs for people to lounge and watch from.  The general format is 3 qualifying races and 13 actual laps, if you're fast enough.  My first time racing, I was lapped twice in the actual racing itself.  The last time I went, I lapped some poor sap twice.  It was quite glorious.  There's often quite a bit of difference between the karts, in power, maneuverability, feel, but it's for fun right?Also, in the Entertainment coupon books and through them online, you can generally get 2 for 1 races.  I highly recommend this.  On Wednesdays, Ladies' nights, women can race for 1/2 off, and those in bikinis can race for free.  I don't really recommend this.
4	Love speedway.... pretty cool track layout and they're not AS freakish about some rubbin-is-racin here.... they'll get on you about it but if you're cool with it they'll let some slide once they know you're a decent driver.They have great coupons sometimes in the local clipper things or even on their site (which I just updated the yelp listing to include). Karts here are good, but there always seems to be one or two dogs in the group so hope you don't get stuck with one of those.You'll get about 13-15 laps after 3 hotlaps to qualify.  They'll line you up in a grid format for a flag drop and off you go.  Cool because only faster riders are in front of you... until you start to lap ppl :)Great for groups... partys... etc.After each race they have print outs of each lap and everybody's time so you can see where you screwed up and on what lap or know who to blame for you +3 sec lap time because they kept getting in your way ;)Here are the discounts:  http://www.speedwayraceway.com/discounts.htm
4	Phoenix has two kart tracks, and Speedway is the better of the two for actual racing. The lines and wait are almost always shorter here and the track layout is pretty fun. Most of the employees are fairly cool about getting you out to race and don't get too uptight about a bump or two now and then if it's the result of actual racing and not just the need to crash into your friend.On the down side, the ventilation is pretty bad and on busy nights the exhaust fumes make it hard to be out near the track if you aren't actually racing. There also aren't as many off track activities if you bring people who may not want to race (both good and bad, I guess). If you want more of an 'experience', you might want to go to F1, which my friends and I refer to as "Date night".The karts were new a year ago, but some of them are getting pretty tired and beat-up at this point. When I went last week, I got one car that was dreadfully slow and didn't turn left very well (most of the important turns at Speedway are lefts) and another that had a broken seat that would collapse in right turns and let the driver slide up against the very hot engine. On a few other races, I had a relatively fast car that handled well. Since it's supposed to be kart racing, and not the "go-karts" at the putt-putt golf course, I get a little disappointed when the karts are not at all competitive. Go an a week night, when it's less busy, if you want to actually race your friends. After a race a race or two, and if there's not too many people there, nicely ask the employees on the track if they could put you all in the better of the cars. It will make the experience much more fun.
5	Didn't know places like this existed.  I've been missing out all this time!If you like go karts, you'll love this.  But first thing I want to say is its $20 a go, so...yeah.  Maybe you're a balla of some sort, but that price allows me to partake only about once a month.  Which is ok I guess.  Anyway, just keep a look out for coupons...or even become a member for $20 and take advantage of some really awesome discounts.  That's what I rec.Ok, so once you finally find the place (off in the cut big time), you go in and fill out waivers...yes, waivers.  You die, ain't they fault.  Haha, you won't die, though.  I really don't see how you could injure yourself here unless you do something ridiculous like jump out of the kart.Then you get your headsock.  Jokes galore arise from this.  Anyway, first timers will have to watch a short video.  No big deal, just a chance for you to find things in the video to laugh at with your friends, while you sit there with your headsock looking silly.  It really just gives you a chance to scope out the place.  Its clean, bright, but pretty barren.  They have race related stuff on the walls, retro stools, and a few arcade machines, even a pool table.  But it still seems...ah forget it, you come to race anyway.So you go out to the track area and that's when you're like, YES! You can see this is the real deal.  If you're only used to little kiddie crap karts like at Fiddlestix and places like that, then this kinda will be a big deal to you.  A REAL track that has REAL curves and REAL turns.  The smell of gas and rubber and concrete fills your nose, and the rumble of the engines fills your ears.  You'll go over and pick your size helmet.  You might have to wait til the present race is over, but its not that bad.  These karts are nice to me, since I'm only used to boxes with wheels on them, but others might not think they are good.  I must admit that the first time I went, I had a car that was stupidly hard to turn left in.  Oh, and if you're really tall or big...it can be a little uncomfortable I suppose.  The staff takes care to make sure you're strapped in good.  They don't talk much at all, and aren't the warmest bunch.  But they are attentive and will accomodate you.You get three laps of practice, which also qualifies you.  Its here when you realize that these aren't kiddie kars.  I don't know what the guys 'in the know' consider fast karts, but these were awesome for me.  Don't know how fast they go, but its enough to get the adrenaline going the whole time.  Curves must be manuevered with thought, cause you'll find yourself spun out or in a stack of tires if you just go all willy-nilly.  You go around 3 times to get a qualifying time.  then they send you off in that order to the start line.  this is cool, makes you feel...cool.Then you're OFF!!!  As you're going around, you really start thinking about the best way to take the turns as people keep passing you!  All the while, you're pumped up from all the tires screeching and the speed you get in the short straightaways.  Drifting is mad fun, but it doesn't win you races.If you're really good, you'll go around like 15 times or something.  Time does fly, but afterwards, you feel like you really got your money's worth.  It is well worth the price.They have printouts to show you what you did (or didn't do).  I can say that the experience was intense for me, being a newbie and used to only slow fun karts.  The excitement lasts well after the race as you brag or save face to your friends/family.  About the rules: i bumped a couple times as a result of not seeing a driver behind me...no complaints by staff.  I guess if you get dumb with just ramming into people, you'll get the boot.  The track is a great size.  I don't know what the standard is for these kinds of places, but this one seems adequate for maximum fun.  I guess the guys who are really serious with this stuff could provide better reviews...but for a guy who just likes to have fun, this place is awesome.I don't recommend it for smaller kids.  In fact, I think you gotta be a certain height AND age to race...not quite sure about the age.  Also, it can seem kinda intimidating with all the waivers and stuff (in the video, it says 'if you die...' or something - just kidding).  Don't be turned off.  The most harm you can really do is spin out or slam into tires.  And the crew helps you get back on track right away.  The cars are fast but they aren't going to give you a heart attack!  And its all in fun anyway.  You can bet that there will be someone out there slower than you, so don't feel like this is only 'for the big boys'.  Bring your ma...maybe not your grandma, though.  Unless she's the little old lady from pasadena.Fun, fun, FUN!  Remember the $20 price point, inspect your car's steering before the race, and don't have too big of a head (the helmets are tight), and you will have fun here.
4	This was a lot of fun but the only downfall was it started raining and the water came in through the roof making puddles on the floor causing our karts to skid and crash into other karts!! We didn't really get to finish racing but it was definitely a lot of fun playing bumper cars since you cant do that normally.
