5	I came home Saturday evening of Labor Day weekend at abaout 8:45pm to find my air conditioning was not working.  I was greeted by three extremely uncomfortable panting dogs.  One of my dogs has a condition that is life threatening if she gets too overheated.  I didnt know what to do but I remembered that a company called US Air had been calling me (not leaving messages) but showing up in caller ID.  I called them and Cody aswered the phone immediately.  He was cordial and responsive and told me right up front what the service charge would be.  He promised that he would call by 8am ( Sunday of Labor Day weekend) to tell me when the technican would be there.  At 8am my phone rang and he told me that the tech. would be dispatched to me within the hour.  I was shocked!  Someone actually doing exactly what they said they would do!  The tech. arrived right on schedule.  His name was Sean (I hope I am spelling it right).  He was personable friendly kind to my heaving dogs (even the little scared one who is afraid of everyone, warmed up to him) and efficient.  He told me right off what it could be.  He was right and it turned out to be the less expensive of the 2 things he mentioned.  Although he was up there on my roof in the 106 degree weather, he was still smiling when he finished. He had it up and running in less than an an hour.  He mentioned the maintenance  plans and allowed me to ask to see them rather than pushing them on me...we talked about them and my system and he was thorough and informative and understood that I was a little short now.So just to summarize...they were called in the middle of a holiday weekend, after business hours, showed up exactly when they said they would after a call back that arrived exactly when they said it would, did the job, and were an absolute pleasure all around to deal with.  They were reasonably priced and left me and the three dogs cool and comfprtable so that I could go on with my day with the knowledge that I hadn't had to go broke to fix it.  US AIR ROCKS!  i WOULD NEVER CALL ANYONE ELSE!!!!!
4	We received a phone solicitation from US Air.  I don't normally follow up on phone marketing but US said they were registered with BBB.  The $39.95 special was too good to pass up.  Anthony the Technician was prompt and when I saw that he was prepared to put on booties in our house ( something the last Technician didn't which caused oil marks on carpeted stairs) I was thrilled.  The service was great. We ended up purchasing a service contract which was well worth it given the work we needed today which was written off since we purchased the contract.  They also do other home energy work like sealing duct work which we may consider to reduce the dust in the house. Highly recommend US Air.
5	This is a fabulous company to do business with.  The customer service is fantastic, the technicians are so respectful and leave the house cleaner than they found it.  We found the trane unit we purchased was louder than we expected and US Air did not stop trying to resolve it until we were satisfied.  They ended up moving the unit away from the bedroom side of the house, where the noise wouldn't bother us, but they were willing to give us a different quieter unit if we wanted.  I would highly recommend this company!
1	After receiving lots of call from this company i finally  said okey  you guys can come and do the service with my air conditioning!they have promise me they would come the next day but then nobody show up..i give them a call if someone is coming they told me ohh im sorry we forgot that we are supposed to be there!!!so  they told me they would come again and try the next day..will nobody show up this tell me this company is not reliable and dependable business and does not care about the people that just about to give them business!!there is lots of real business out there who will care new customer not like this business...
1	Buyer beware!  After meeting this company at a home show in Phoenix we were interested in the offer for a house energy audit.  They came out to the house.  We bought a service contract for over 2K for ten years.  They never did the energy audit due to what they described as a mix up in communication.  The first contract call went good and everything was in order and brought up to standards.  The next contract call was a young tech that told us both of our units were failing and tried to use scare tactics to get us to buy to new units for over 16K!!!!  He told me he would email me information and have someone contact us to explain the situation.  We never heard from anyone!  Next season I get a call from Carol (who by the way is very good on the phone and with her follow up and customer service) to schedule another seasonal check up.  I told her I am really not interested in doing business with them anymore based on my last experience and after clearly being lied to by the tech.  She told me they have had a huge turn over and many of them left to start their own company and were doing this to customers.  She assured me they have corrected the problem and will send out the new manager Jonathan for the call.  He came out and was great.  Said our units were working fine and their were no problems at all.  We really liked him and he even gave us his cell phone # in case we needed him.Now it is that time of year again.  I call to make an appointment for today (10/11/14), a holiday and day I can be home.  They schedule it for first visit.  An hour after they were supposed to be here, I called the office and they had it down for the next day!  I am sure I made it for Tuesday as I had the day off.  They said they would send someone over before noon.  A few hours later get another call from Carol saying he won't be able to make it and we will need to reschedule again.  Now, I did get a missed call on Monday from their number and there was no voice message left, so I am assuming they were calling to remind me of the appt on Tuesday.  Go figure!Also when asked about Jonathan the manager I was told he is no longer there.  They go through managers and technicians like water goes through a crack!I am sorry I ever paid them so much $$ for a contract.  I don't want them in my home and am tired of having to deal with missed calls and appointments, etc.  They have no regard for my time or that I paid a considerable amount to them for service.  Sorry, but I would not recommend them.  I would love to cancel my contract and get some of my $$ back.  That will be the next phone call to them.  I bet I already know the outcome of that.  To be continued!!!!
1	They use a marketing company to solicit calls. They call everyday, I've asked to be taken off their calling list to no avail. Now they call  eight times a day and hang up, would never use them if their marketing strategy is harassing people over the phone.
