3	Pros:- Cheese fondue is excellent.  Chocolate fondue is excellent.  Who doesn't love dipping things in cheese or chocolate?  The Melting Pot gives you bread, veggies, and apples for the cheese, and a whole tray of delicious goodies for the chocolate - cheesecake, brownies, strawberries, bananas, marshmallows.  There are also multiple kinds of cheese and chocolate fondues.- Service is really good.  If it's a special occasion, you can order flowers to be waiting at the table.  Because it was our five-year anniversary, our waitress brought us just enough champagne to do a toast, at no charge.  They tucked us away in a private little booth, but we weren't forgotten.The cons:- I'm surprised no one mentioned this, but I thought the entree was really bland.  You heat up your entree in broth, which doesn't add much flavor.  It's basically diet food.  Even the wide array of yummy sauces couldn't save the vegetarian entree.  My boyfriend ordered chicken, chorizo, shrimp and something else, and his came with spices already on the meats, so it was slightly better than mine.The consensus was that it would be a lot faster and a lot cheaper to come and just get cheese & chocolate fondues, and maybe a drink.  I definitely look forward to doing that again sometime soon.
5	I came here often on special occasions with my boyfriend when I used to live in Pittsburgh. All of the fondues are delicious, my favorite being the dessert fondues. For the fondues, you can have as many helpings to the food that goes for the cheese fondue. If you live in Pittsburgh or go here often, make sure to join their mailing list. They have great specials often for cheese, dessert, and wine specials as a package. It's a great thing to do on the weekends, hanging out with friends, and I would say up to 4 people could all share the dessert and cheese fondues.Atmosphere is warm and romantic, they have areas where you don't even realize there are other patrons. They also take special requests, such as flowers, chocolate, waiting for you at the table if it's a special occasion. If you order the whole meal, you can definitely spend at least 2 to 3 hours slowly enjoying all of the food!
5	Romantic! Perfect for a date, just getting to know someone! The food is good, and you cook it yourself! It's a pricy restaurant but causal, staff is very pleasant, it's a must!
5	Hint! If you go here to eat, you can get 50% off your meal if you eat there for 3p. You have to ask it waiter for it bc they don't advertise it. Also when you do this deal, they automatically add 18% gratituity to ur bill, but hey, we saved $36 off our bill! And the waitress did quite a bit during the meal so I didn't mind paying it. It's a good conversation type dinner so be prepared to be there for 2 to 3 hours
3	This was a really unique experience!The food wasn't insanely unique, in and of itself, but the experience of cooking your food for yourself over the pots and the fondue and desert creations were cool.We went there with a large group of friends and had a private room.Our menu and our mutual criticisms:There are 4 courses to the meals.A Cheese Fondue appetizer that is served with raw veggies and different breads for dipping.A "salad" (we chose the lettuce wraps which were really tastey with a really great sauce).The entree of the meats that you choose and cooking broth that you choose to cook them in.  You spear a piece of meat on your fondue fork and let it simmer in the boiling broth and they tell you about how long to submerge/cook each type of meat.Your desert (several different types of chocolate fondue to choose from) and this is served with Marshmallows, Rice Crispy Treats, Cheesecake, brownies and strawberries."Big Night Out" Option 2 of "Fondue Fusion"Spinach/Artichoke Fondue = AWESOME, best fondue on the table!Lobster, Steak, Pork, Ahi Tuna, Chicken, Shrimp & Veggie Wontons = Awesome!Mojo Style cooking sauce = good (we'd try something different next time)Dessert Fondue (we chose the crunchy peanut butter chocolate) and it was amazing!!!Cool for a large group or a romantic night out.Dress Code:  The girls were dressed cute, but really.... you could have worn a tank top and jeans and been just fine! Just don't wear something scrubby!
5	If I could pour the whole pot of fondue into my mouth I would. Fo real. In theory it sounds good. In real life I'll just drown any morsel of food I can into the chocolate and stuff it in! This is a special occasion restaurant. A special occasion where I have enough money to spare, because dear lord, it's pricey! The two greatest tips that they don't advertise: *Half off on Sundays from noon-3 PM. REMEMBER TO MENTION THIS TO YOUR SERVER! I learned that fact today when I got the shock of a full priced bill. I assumed they just took the discount off automatically, but apparently you have to tell your server as soon as you sit down that you want the half price meal. All Big Night Out meals half price = awesome deal! *Every day after 9 PM you can get cheese and chocolate fondue and a bottle of wine for $35. Serves two. The Big Night Out consists of your choice of cheese fondue (lots o' different choices of cheeses), salads (get the mushroom one), main dish (usually includes seafood and/or meat), veggies, potatoes and ravioli) and chocolate fondue (mmmmmm!!). You pick the type of broth for your main course. Usually there's one that complements meat and one for seafood. You're also able to mix and match your chocolate ingredients or choose one from the menu. I lurrrve the S'More's chocolate, it includes choco, marshmallow and graham cracker bits. And, ohhhhhh, the things you dip in the chocolate. Cheesecake, brownies, pound cake, rice crispies, marshmallows, banana's and strawberries. Seriously orgasmic!! They usually switch up the menu often so you can come once every couple of months and find something new. I also love the atmosphere. It's a great date night place or good for a group outing. The nice thing is that if you go with a group, you can choose a bunch of different cheeses, broths and chocolate to sneak a taste of all of them. Good thing for me that it is pricey. IF it was cheap, I don't think I'd like what the scale had to say after monthly visits to this place!
5	Big Night feasts are awesome. At this location I have always gone myself (traveling for business).  The service has always been great and the management very friendly.  I never had a bad meal.  They have always been willing to substitute on the meat or seafood.  It's always a tough decision to pick the cheese or chocolate dessert because they are all great.  If you are by yourself you have to ask the management to make an exception for you since most of the meals are for 2.
4	The Melting Pot is one of those places that you visit about once a year - the prices put it out of reach for a regular night out. We went for our anniversary and ordered the "Big Night Out" along with the wine sampler. The food was very good - a four course 2 hour meal. The starter was a cheese dip. I'm not a fan of dipping apples in cheese and can't understand why they aren't part of dessert, but the bread was excellent. We ventured outside of our comfort zone and tried the lobster as part of our main meal. Although I don't typically enjoy seafood, I'm glad that we ordered it. I'm not a big fan of having to cook your own meal. I found that the need to time everything was generally a distraction that took away from the experience rather than added to it. The real treat here is the dessert. We took our server's recommendation and ordered the s'mores dipper. It may be one of the most succulent after-dinner experiences ever. The one drawback here was the service. There were some positives: they gave my wife a flower and card for the special date, we were seated promptly at our reserved time, and we got a good table tucked away in the back corner. On the other hand, for $60/plate the service should be 110% on point, but it just wasn't. Our waitress was new (by her own admission) and unfortunately it showed. She forgot to bring our wine out with the meal, and her timing was off with checking in on us, which meant we had to ask another of the wait staff to remind her that we didn't have it. The water-bringer-outer (I believe that to be the technical term) was not very prompt either. We often had empty water glasses, and when he did show up he didn't have enough water to fill both glasses. We had requested a take-out box for the remainder of our dessert but never received it (we took it anyway). There was also the awkward moment where we overheard the table next to us mention that their waitress had given them their dessert for free. Overall, it was a pleasant night out and I would love to go back for just dessert and wine.
2	Pay to cook my food? What the? And it is quite the average variety.
5	The place is great. They have a really nice dinner ambiance. The waiter we had while here had the perfect amount of service and friendliness. The food was amazing. The price tag to go with it is understandable when you have the food.
4	Really nice place. Kind of expensive (over $100 per couple with the advertised special,) but a decent place for a romantic date night or fun with friends. The cheese fondue is great, but the meat in the entree is lacking any kind of flavor. The dessert is delicious with a plate full of cakes and fruit to dip into chocolate, with an offering of different chocolates to choose from.
4	First time going to Melting Pot----celebrated my birthday here.  We enjoyed the food and our waitress was outstanding (Megan).  She explained everything to us since it was our first time.  The pork, shrimp and steak were really good.  We didn't care too much for the chicken.  Dessert was Flaming turtle--very good.  Would go again on special occasion---pricey but we enjoyed it!
3	Meal started off with a rather plain cheese fondue, even though we went with the suggestion of the waitress on the more flavorful one.The spinach salad was simple with nothing to remember.The main course was surprisingly good.  We again took the recommendation of our waitress for the up-sell of the coq au vin cooking liquid which was a mistake for scallops, by the time they cooked, they picked up TOO much of the flavor of the scallops, but the steak I tried was very good and the liquid complimented it well.The dessert was the star of the show, the bananas foster.  Top notch and wonderful.Overall 3 stars, too long of a meal, nothing was remember-able except the dessert.  Might stop again for that, but doubt it.
5	Went back to my favorite restaurant last night since I'm back in Pittsburgh for the first time in 2011.  The manager (Hank) still remembered me by first name.  I haven't been there in a year.  Hank makes everyone welcome.  The service and food was great as always!  They even have the 4 course meal for one now (cheese, salad, entree, dessert).
3	Last night a group of girls and I headed to the MP for "GIRLS NIGHT", which turned out to be a really cool event!  For $25 you get a signature drink(cosmo, love martini, or white zin), cheese, chocolate and a $25 "dip certificate" for your next visit.  Oh and $15 of your 25 goes to a breast cancer research foundation.Although, our server was nice,I think he was having an off night, but then again I did hear a bunch of cackling women, so I guess I understand.  We did call him out on chewing gum like a horse while preparing our cheese fondue, but we didn't dock him points for that. So the cons for the evening, drinks took a long time, our server almost made the wrong cheese, and one of the drinks was in a considerably smaller glass than the other, see photo.Overall it was a fun night, the cheese and chocolate were good, and it was a good cause.  If you're a fan of the MP, join their mailing list, they're always having fun events.
4	Ahhhh the Melting Pot. Where do I begin...this restaurant is a little slice of heaven. The Melting Pot is great for a girls get together and anything in between. The cheese and chocolate fondues are my favorite.
2	Not worth the dough!I title this review exactly what i thought of "The Melting Pot". I mean I get it, the atmosphere, the party feel, the cooking of your own food, but DAMN. It cost 3 of us $240 plus, for a chef to never even touch my food.....DAMN.I am no cheap skate when it comes to food, I LOVE spending money on food. But I feel it is a little ridiculous to pay $43 a person to cook your own food, when you know, your total meal cost rough $11. It was fun, It was. But I might have goofed going to "4 course meal". I mean you only really want the cheese & chocolate, let's be real. The main courses i feel are garbage.Everyone said you'll love it, go there, it's so cool. I cook for living, not fun, nor cool.If you have to go to "The Melting Pot", just get cheese or chocolate.......I'm done.NOT JEDI CERTIFIED!
4	Maybe I am just a sucker for romantic atmospheres -- I love The Melting Pot with a capital "L" Start with dessert first. Not literally, I mean, it's up to you. This is my favorite part and I am drooling just thinking about it right now. The chocolate fondue in several variations, paired with fresh fruit, cake, and more (it's to DIE for). Well, maybe not DIE, I tend to exaggerate when it comes to things I love. But I'm a big chocolate enthusiast, so of course, this is something I look forward to every time I visit The Melting Pot. The servers are very casual and usually quite knowledgeable, and don't really force you into settling for a payment plan if all you want is an appetizer. I only say payment plan because a meal for two is actually quite expensive, especially if you go all out and get wine, drinks, etc. The appetizer fondue is amazing as well. With the cheese or chocolate fondue, you pick any combination you like of what they have to offer, the choices are basically unlimited. The appetizers come with vegetables and an array of fresh bread bits. The ambiance is really nice, generally quiet, romantic, lights dimmed way down low. I have good memories of this place, and it's in a nice location of Pittsburgh in Station Square looking over the river. The sad thing is, you really wouldn't want to take your date out to any of the clubs next door afterwards, unless you wanted her to get groped in a corner on her way out of the bathroom or trashed talked to by some fugly wigger or wiggette. Sad but true. The parking is in a garage close to the mall where The Melting Pot is located, and is relatively inexpensive, which honestly, will be the least of your concerns when dining here.
4	Melting Pot is a great place for a special occasion or a romantic date.  It is on the pricey side, especially for food you basically prepare yourself, but the experience you have along with an excellent quality of service make it worth the occasional splurge.My fiance and I went to Melting Pot moments after we got engaged.  When he made reservations he told them it was to celebrate our engagement and when we arrived, they had a private booth in the back along with a small grouping of carnations.  You can order roses or other flower arrangements but because we were going to the Pirates game later that evening, he didn't since he figured they would just die.  While the carnations were nothing spectacular, it was a nice touch that they didn't  have to do for us especially since he had not ordered flowers.Service was fantastic and they were good about being attentive without being overbearing and intrusive.We ordered the big night out with the lobster option.  All of the meat was tender and juicy and very flavorful.  Our request for extra dipping sauces and more mushrooms were met with a smile and promptly delivered.  We even joked around about getting extra pine nuts on our salads and the server brought out an entire bowl for us!Even though we ordered a bottle of champagne to drink with our meal, our server surprised us with more champagne with heart shaped strawberries to have with our dessert course fondue.We had a great time, left stuffed and really enjoyed having our first meal together as an engaged couple at the Melting Pot.  I have no doubt we will be back.
5	I love this place! Amazing romantic atmosphere for me and my honey! Sitting by the bar is always nice and I love how the booths really give you the feeling you have your own private space. They have delish drinks and the waiters are always super helpful and always give really good recommendations! Speaking of which I recommend you come here for a romantic night out!
4	Good service, food, and atmosphere. Am a repeat customer to this location. Very pleased.
4	Came here with a small group this past weekend to celebrate my cousin's birthday. It was my first time at the Melting Pot or any type of fondue place, and honestly, it was a little overwhelming. Understanding the different menus and options, what things you pick to dip, what things you pick to dip in, what goes with what... Our waitress was definitely willing to answer any of our questions though.For cheese we had the Spinach Artichoke and Wisconsin Trio, which were both pretty good. We got the Bouillon and Mojo for cooking our entrees, and I got the Shrimp and Sirloin to go with it. Honestly, the time spent deliberating over which cooking styles to go with wasn't worth it, because I don't think the flavors were strong enough (or at least don't seep into your food enough for sitting in it a couple minutes) to really make a big difference. Perhaps I'm a little impatient, but it would be nice to maybe have some more than 2 fondue utensils, so I can cook more than a couple slivers of meat at once.For dessert we got Pure milk chocolate and I believe the Flaming Turtle (whatever the second one was, I didn't have any because it had nuts). All of the desserts to dip in the chocolate were delicious!Overall, everything was pretty good. My cousin loved the experience and so it was a great night, but I don't think I would personally ever pick it for myself. I can't really justify the price for what you're getting, and I prefer food I don't have to cook myself, 1 piece at a time =)
5	The Melting Pot is something that I think everyone should experience and this restaurant does it right. The way to go is the Big Night Out 4 Course dinner for under $100 for two people. You start with cheese fondue which comes with bread and veggies to dip. Then you get a yummy salad. The entrees usually come with chicken, steak, shrimp, etc. . . and you cook them in oil on your table. This is great because you can cook your food exactly how you like it. Lastly, you finish up the meal with the chocolate fondue which comes with rice crispy treats, marshmallows, brownies, fruit, etc . . This may seem like a lot of food but you go at your own pace. You never feel rushed and this is a great way to spend 2-3 hours having dinner in Station Square or any other Melting Pot location. For special occasions they will have your table ready with balloons, flowers, etc. . .
4	I am downgrading my 5 star rating for 4 reasons.  First went tonight and my server "Mary" was annoying.  I hate phoney servers who say everything I picked is her favorite.  She was behind on water refills and the whole meal that the bartender "jason" had to step in.  When someone says I'll be right back with a refill and comes back 15 minutes later and said who gave you a refill.  Ditto for my salad and my dessert order......Secondly when the menu says big night out for 1 is $43 that doesn't mean $51.  For some reason they now say that you can't get Chocolate Fondue for 1 so you have to pay the 2 person price.....Then why isn't the menu changed?  Thirdly, They need to validate parking.  Grand Carousel does, they can to.  It's not that this is McDonalds.  Finally, The portions are noticeably smaller.  I haven't been there since last Fall but this used to be my favorite place.  It's still enjoyable to go but 5 stars to me means perfect.
5	John S.  (owner) thank  you for reaching out to me.  Jesse (General Manager) thank you for your hospitality and a great meal tonight.  Definitely back up to 5 stars.  Had a great waitress tonight!  Last time was an exception.  Jesse was very apologetic.  Nice new menu and dinner for 1 is really dinner for 1.  No hidden pricing.  the waitress had made a mistake last time.  I have been here at least a dozen times over the past 2 years.  Very enjoyable!  If you need more of anything just ask and they will be happy to accomodate you. I definitely will be back.
1	Nope. This is overpriced nonsense. I hate to start out the review with a statement so crass, but truly, its location allows this establishment to charge a great deal of money for a meal that is not really that good. Once you get past the pot of liquid and the skewer, think about what you're eating, and then look at the bill. These things do NOT add up.
4	The melting pot never fails. The food is a bit over priced, but what you're paying for is the environment. It's intimate, and quite romantic. My date and I enjoyed our dinner very much. They placed us in a corner of the restaurant that was closed off to the rest of the place. I'm not sure if it was because we were Asian, but the service was outstanding. It seemed as though she checked up on us more than any other tables were attended to. Perhaps she viewed us as big tippers. who knows. Over all, I would recommend this place to any couple who hasn't experienced it. It's definitely a unique and fun way of dining.
4	Came for a celebration dinner at 5:30 on a Saturday evening.Staff was very friendly and patient to explain the menu to us. We basically all opted for the 4-course experience, which includes cheese fondue, a salad, entree fondue, and dessert fondue. Our waiter, Tim, helped us walk through the options and gave us some recommendations on which fondues were the most popular. He was also efficient on mixing the fondues and explaining what each ingredient was while he was making them at the table.All the food was tasty and fresh. The bread was soft, the vegetables were nice and firm, the meats were well-seasoned and tender, and the fruit/desserts were fresh as well. The cheese fondues had great flavor and depth (honestly, I could probably just do a meal of cheese fondues), the salad was just enough, the coq au vin and bourguignon fondues had good savory flavor, and the chocolates were sweet without being overly so.Be prepared to spend an while, as each course takes a bit to prepare. The entree course takes time, as you are also cooking your own food at the table.Overall, The Melting Pot is a great way to celebrate something with friends and family by making the whole meal a social experience.
2	I am not a fondue fan so I wasn't expecting much out of a group meal but our service was extremely slow. I am under the impression they get a lot of groups and we had made a reservation way in advance. Wouldn't choose to come here again.
3	Great for groups for cheese and desserts not for dinner. I like to be served not to cook my own meal ep for over $100 bill
5	Awesome food and service!!!
4	Four stars for the marshmallow you get with the chocolate fondue! The savory fondues I'm less of a fan for. The cheese part of the cheese fondues is good, but the carrots and vegetable you get to dip in the cheese are boring and I expect better bread for the price tag. The entree fondue is not so flavorful, like the plain jane cousin of the Chinese hotpot.
5	We had never been to a Melting Pot before, so this was an all-new experience for my me and my wife. We were looking for a romantic restaurant for dinner during our anniversary weekend and this place came highly recommended. At first I was bummed to be going to a chain as opposed to a local specialty of some sort since we're from out of town, but that all changed when we got there...The service was great, the atmosphere was extremely cozy and romantic, and the food was all great! Our server was extremely nice and helped us have a great experience! Food and service aside though... I'm also a HUGE Steelers fan (if you're not, you can stop reading now...) so I thought it was really cool that they had many autographed menus hanging in the front of the restaurant by the bar. If you're a big Steelers fan, check that out when you go.
5	Wonderful food with delightful service!  More than enough food for everyone!  Our server, Mandie, was very friendly and fun!  We went on Sunday, so it wasn't very crowded, but the atmosphere was still lively and fun!  We were here for an anniversary dinner and they treated us very well!
4	This is a place for girls night out.  I went with a party of 4 - service was great and our waiter was very friendly.  Everyone at the table enjoyed the meal.  We tried the 4 course special -- a little pricey (about $65 per person) but a nice treat.  I would go back.
5	We ate here for the first time this week. It was truly an awesome dining experience. 4 courses unlike anything I've ever experienced. Our waiter, Tim, was very patient and walked us through the entire process of using the fondue pot.We started with cheese fondue & dipped bread, veggies, and Italian meats in it! Yum! Then our salads; I had Caesar and somehow it was one of the best salads I have ever had. Our main courses were packed with lobster, shrimp, steak, chicken, and potatoes which we dipped in the fondue pot of courses, with additional dipping sauces!  You gotta get desert - trust me!! Chocolate fondue...dipping graham crackers, marshmallows, Rice Krispy Treats.....oh we were so full of delicious food.This place is not cheap, but if you want a one-of-kind dining experience, try the Melting Pot!
1	The Melting Pot was a big disappointment. Yes, it was a unique dining experience but not in a good way. Our server was well versed and very nice but the food was not at all worth the price. I ordered the vegetarian plate which included about half of the things it said it would. The dipping sauces that accompanied the food weren't well thought out. My date ordered the duck and pork which had the same dipping sauces as the vegetables. The salad was something you would have gotten at any diner. It just didn't live up to the prices in my opinion. I left with over half of my dish uneaten. My date wanted to order a pizza when we got home. We wont be returning.
4	It is a nice place to go once a year. The novelty of cooking your own food is quickly worn out. nice people, though.
5	This place ROCKS! Great food and amazing staff! Ask for Michael C. Or Kaitlin as a server. They will take the best care of you!
5	My husband and I went to the Melting Pot on a whim last night.  Despite the fact that we didn't have a reservation, we were lucky enough to find a seat at the bar.  We ordered from the prix fixe menu.  I had the Fondue Delight and my husband had the Fondue Fusion.  Both were really, really good with the coq au vin cooking bouillon.  For our cheese course, we chose the Traditional Swiss Cheese fondue and that came with broccoli, cauliflower and carrots and a nice helping of bread cubes.  My only complaint is that there was a heavy alcohol taste to the cheese sauce... it might have benefited from being cooked a bit longer to remove some of the alcoholic taste.  But, it was very good.  We chose the spinach mushroom salads for our second course.  The mushrooms and spinach were very fresh and quite tasty with the shallot vinaigrette that it came with.  The main courses were excellent but the bartender's estimation of cooking times were not very accurate and led to undercooked food.  Fortunately, I am a cook, so we were able to gauge when stuff was appropriately cooked.  The bartender told us that the potatoes should take about 10 minutes... they took 30.  The chicken, about 3 minutes.  It was about 5.  The shrimp and lobster, he said 1 minute.  I cooked them for about 2-3 minutes.  So, you need to be familiar with what undercooked feels like - rather than looks like (because the place is very dim).  We chose the bananas foster for our dessert course along with some 10 year old port.  The bartender told us that he was out of the 10 year old port, but was kind enough to up-sell us to the 20 for an extra dollar.  It was well worth it!  The dessert course was phenomenal!  It came with bananas, strawberries, rice krispie treats, cheesecake, red velvet cake cubes, chocolate cake cubes, and various flavors of marshmallows.  Overall, while it was an expensive meal, we left feeling good and happy for the experience.  I think sitting at the bar was fun because we got to talk to other customers and share our experiences with them.  I would not visit the Melting Pot every week but it is a wonderful special occasion place that I highly recommend.  We will be back.
5	I love this place! Mary, our server, has been amazing both times. She certainly makes the experience. My friends and I will be frequenting this place as the food is always fresh and awesome and the service (Thank you Mary!!!) is always out of this world.
5	I took my best friend last week for his birthday, it was both our first time.  We decided to both get the 4 course experience. AMAZING!!!! The white Cosmo, I'm still craving and cannot wait for another.  This is definitely an entire night out so clear your schedule, it's such a fun time :)
4	We had another nice experience here for yet another wedding anniversary, though this time it was just for dessert. Seating was available immediately but we had a good 10-15 minute wait for our server to show up. We didn't receive any of the special treatment this time: no rose for my wife, no card, no slice of cheesecake with our fondue.The chocolate fondue here is excellent - however the graham crackers mixed into the s'mores tend to suck up all the fondue. I would have like to see it presented with a light graham cracker crumble on top instead of the large cracker chunks. The Chocolate Fontini was excellent.
5	Absolutely brilliant idea! This place is so much fun. We had a great time and our waitress was incredible!!! So friendly and very helpful when it came to understanding the menu and how to cook the food!!! My girlfriend and I got the cheddar cheese fondue to start and I got the yin & yang martini (which was my favorite drink I've ever had...so delicious!!!). We then got the land and sea and the French quarter as the entrees. This included shrimp, chicken, filet mignon, and sausage. We also of course had to add a lobster tail on the side. This was just awesome food. They had six different dipping sauces that were awesome!  Everything was flavored very well and so much fun to cook!! For dessert we got the bourbon pecan chocolate fondue with bourbon, dark chocolate, carmel, and candied pecans!! Great dipping items too! Strawberries, marshmallows covered in Oreo crumbles and graham cracker crumbles, pineapple, brownie and chocolate chip cookie bites and Rice Krispie treats. I also had the espresso martini which was great with the sweetness of the chocolate. I would definitely go back but the bill was pretty steep because of all the drinks we ordered. But the service was the best I've had in a long time! Very personable. So it was well worth the money.
1	The wait staff was totally rude. The food was nothing to rave about considering the prices.
5	There's no friggin way this place can be rated 4 stars. Whoever hasn't rated this 5 stars is really stupid and shouldn't be on Yelp if all they're going to do is play around and be stupid. I mean, any review under 4 stars is just little kids playing around on a website/app for those who are trying to be helpful.I didn't get a real meal, because I had ate at the Hard Rock (also in Station Square). But I had a chocolate fondue. If you've ever been to Wildwood, you'll know what this expression means: It was better than Duffers. Maybe not. Duffers is, or, WAS, my favorite place to eat EVER. Now, I found a better one.I ordered the s'mores fondue. It was the greatest thing I ever tasted. I never wanted to leave. You will know what the expression, "Feels like I'm in heaven" really means when you order a fondue. I recommend this place strongly.TO THOSE 1-STAR REVIEWERS OF THIS PLACE: Get offa Yelp. You've gotta be kidding me. You kind of people disgust me. I mean, 5 stars and I agree with you. 4 stars and that's okay. But 1 star? Knock it off.
4	The questions you must ask is 1. Do you like chocolate ? And 2. Do you like cheese? If not, you might be wasting your money and time. my husband and I happen to love both so why not ? The melting pot is a nice date night place to go. The atmosphere at first glance doesn't seem like anything special nor do I think they want to make it seem over the top fancy. However, once they seat you,  it feels like you are in your own little world. The lights are dim and the music is soft. It just felt romantic but then again, doesn't dipping strawberries and cheese cake, etc in smooth melted chocolate sound amazing? We had the chocolate s'more fondue but it's all about what sounds good to you! Oh, and the martinis are rich and decedent!
4	Don't lick the pot! Double Date Night is a great deal and fondue is perfect for groups. Will be coming back
3	The Melting Pot is great for occasions--birthdays, anniversaries, b'nai mitzvos, graduation, you name it. When it comes to the food and service, this place excels. I can only applaud the high quality raw food combined with a gourmet fondue experience (I had no idea fondue was more than just melted cheese) and a dedicated and attentive staff that made sure we had the night we were paying for.Why the three stars then? Location.The building itself is within the inside mall of Station Square, resulting in a severe lack of windows. The intimate structure of the franchise results in nearly every table somehow being in a corner, and combined with the lack of windows and dim lighting, I felt like I was in a fondue dungeon.Business is always booming and the restaurant highly recommends reservations, as they are generally packed. A place like The Melting Pot doesn't really need Yelp reviews, because it is what it is and that's all it's going to be. It's great. I just wish it were in a location that wasn't so...heavy.
5	I've been to the Melting Pot multiple times over the last few years, and I've never been disappointed. However, I was slightly disappointed last night because I had made reservations, but they gave our table away because my friend was stuck in traffic and was 10 minutes late. They refused to seat me until my friend arrived, so we had to wait an additional 10 minutes after her arrival to be seated. Why bother making a reservation?But this is a trivial matter compared to the overall experience. I usually don't order an entree unless I'm bringing someone who's never been there before. I'm more than happy with just cheese, chocolate, and drinks (and this cuts the cost down considerably). But we decided to go all out and order all 3 courses. We started with the Fiesta cheese, which is my favorite. There is salsa in the cheese, and jalapenos are added to your liking. Dippers include bread, tortilla chips, apples, broccoli, and carrots. Next, we both ordered the individial filet mignon meal. We chose Coq au Vin for the cooking style, which has a red wine base. I was a little worried that it would have too much of a wine taste, but it didn't at all. It also comes with mushrooms and some other things for flavoring (celery, I'm guessing). Entrees also come with potatoes (put them in early - they take forever to cook), broccoli, and more mushrooms. The filet meal also comes with 5 dipping sauces. My favorite is the spinach dip-like sauce, and the teriyaki is good as well. We went with the Flaming Turtle for dessert. Ours didn't seem to have any caramel in it, but it was delicious nonetheless. Dippers included Rice Krispie Treats (my favorite), brownie bites, blondie bites, marshmallows, angel food cake, pineapple, strawberries, and bananas. All of it was delicious and we left feeling like we'd never eat again.Service is always excellent at the Melting Pot. Our server, Dalles, was attentive and knowledgable about the menu. It was a busy Saturday night and she stayed on top of things.I noticed that some reviewers don't like the location of the restaurant. I guess it is a little odd, being located inside Station Square mall. But I've never even noticed that there aren't any windows, and I've always just considered the dim lighting part of the ambiance.The cost is rather high (our bill was over $100 for two people), but the Melting Pot offers specials such as Ladies' Night, 80s Night (with 80s prices), and Late Night Fondue after 9pm. They send out an email about once a month to let you know what's happening that month.Overall, it was another great experience, and I'll be back many times to come!
5	We came in just to grab something small to eat and were really happy with the Wisconsin trio. Loved that you could really taste the sherry and shallots. Our waitress, Jackie, was the best! We'll definitely be back!
4	Did you know that The Melting Pot has gluten-free options? AND GLUTEN-FREE POUND CAKE?! If that sweet tooth craving needs some attention, this will satisfy.I stopped in with a small group of friends near closing time, and the staff was more than accommodating to make sure we got our JUST DESSERT. They didn't even mention closing at our arrival, but it was obvious once we sat and realized no one was in the restaurant; alas, this had no effect on the great service! Naturally, I couldn't indulge in the s'mores stuff that my friends were eating, but I could order my own pot of chocolate, and received a huge plate full of fruits and cakes and sweets -- double-dipping all to myself! Did I mention the pound cake? A strawberry, marshmallow, brownie, pineapple... all coated in four chocolate-y stars, Melting Pot!
3	so overpriced and overrated. I only went here for dessert and can't really see myself ever going back for dinner.
5	Delicious, Unique experience, great for groups or intimate dinners.
3	Food and atmosphere are great.  My problem is this.... Out of the last three times I've gone there and asked to be seated at a booth ( after being asked if I had a reservation which I didn't) I was told they were all reserved but I could sit at the bar.  Each time I sit at the bar and enjoy my meal for over an hour whilst I am in an otherwise empty restaurant full of multiple empty booths. Who are these reserved for?  The one time I did make a reservation and arrived at the appointed time I was told there was an hour wait for a booth....while in view of four or five empty ones. When I complained I was immediately seated...... At the bar.    What is the managerial strategy here? Are they short staffed? Are they steering tipping customers to the bar tender/ server? Are there imaginary customers only they can see?   Weird.
5	It is pricey but worth the money! I went with the 4 course meal and I left super satisfied. A note to any jews or muslims, they cook with wine so it may not be an option for yous.
3	I'm all for the cheesy experience, but I haven't been enjoying the food lately. I love the service, the experience, and a fun date night. I hope the menu receives a makeover soon. I will certainly give another chance though.
