1	While awaiting the arrival of your wedding dress, you should feel excitement and joy, not desparation and hopelessness.  The delivery date was "pushed back" many times until it finally came in over 3 months after they said it would, and gave me the run-around throughout the entire process.  I didn't think my dress was coming at all to be perfectly honest.  I had un-returned phone calls and was lied to by Donetta, the owner.  Janie was the consultant I worked with the most and she was always pleasant and helpful; however, the store overall struggles and I would never go back.  If you are shopping for a wedding dress run far far away from this place.  Seriously, take my word for it.  I ordered my dress well in advance and no one should go through what I went through wondering when you were going to get a straight answer and if your dress was ever going to come.  I have read many negative reviews for this place and still gave them the benefit of the doubt. Shame on me.  Check out the Better Business Bureau (BBB).  Brides by Candalina is rated an F.  They have unresolved isssues with customers and unfortunately they really don't care. Shopping for a wedding dress should be one of the most exciting times of your life, not a nightmare.  There are many other bridal shops-avoid this one.
1	I went to pick up my wife's bridesmaid dress (she was the maid of honor) on a very boring Wednesday afternoon around 12:30. From the outside the place looks like a bomb shelter with dresses in the window.The show room is upstairs, but you would never know it from the drab, basement-like entrance. As I walked up the stairs I notices ZERO customers in the store, however; two employees were working on the sales floor. I stood there like a jerk for a bit while both employees (one was the owner) kept to themselves. The owner did not respond to me for, at least, 10 minutes even though the store was empty and another employee was just walking around "dusting" (the store smalls like the inside of a mascot costume).When the owner, finally, saw me she made a little annoying noise like "What the hell are YOU doing here!!". She walked over slowly, like a zombie looking for fresh brains and giving a crap why I was there. She asked me to follow her as she took me downstairs to an absolutely empty storeroom (by that I mean: what was she doing that was was so important that she couldn't wait on a customer) and took her sweet-ass time to get the dress which, by the way, was a second alteration. You see, they screwed up the first time they altered the dress (even after my wife tried it on there and markings or whatever were made!). So everyone is entitled to a mistake even a business that claims perfection; it's important to give them a chance to redeem themselves. But, to my surprise, she handed me a bill for the second alteration!!!!!! Are you kidding me?!!!I argued a bit, but then gave in; what was I supposed to do? We were leaving to go 200 miles away the next day for the wedding. So I paid. Do not go here ladies!Oh, if you think I'm exaggerating, feel free to Google this company and read the many reviews that make mine look like a compliment. If you have ever needed a dress for a wedding or YOUR wedding, these reviews will scare you!
4	This place was great. I came in with some pictures of dresses I liked and was able to try on several in a short amount of time. Their prices are reasonable, there is not pressure, and the sales lady also did alterations making it easier for her to clip me into dresses that were 3 to 7 sizes to big for me. Two different friends recommended me to this shop who had also had a great experience.
2	I was pleased that Candalina Bide ordered my gown as a rush and it did arrive in time for the wedding.  The downside:  the alterations were very expensive and very poorly done.  The hem looked as if a high student just learning to sew had done it and I had to make some repairs and press the hem once I got it home.  The alterations to the bodicve were incomplete and i ended up with a poor fit and lots of excess materialright across the bust.  I would order from them again, but definitely take my dress to a professional seamstress.
4	LOVE!  My mom found this location for me to try on bridal gowns and I was very happy with the website so we went for an appointment.   I had already chosen a designer that I loved and the manager of the store immediately helped by providing me with options similar to what I'd preselected.  For me, it was very helpful to have the manager choose additional styles that she thought I would like.  I felt very supported by the staff without being pressured in any way.  I actually ended up choosing a gown that the manager picked for me and was very grateful at their recommendations for accessories.I believe the manager of the store is a new owner of the location... regardless we were so happy with the appointment  and service that my mom and sister  decided to purchase their dresses from the same location.  I'm  very grateful to have found this store.  Although it looks rather unassuming from the outside, it is quite a gem on the inside.  I definitely recommend.  I think they are appointment only, just FYI :)
