5	After my 2nd visit, I feel like my body feel totally refresh. Of course I still have a few more treatments to go. But so far, I prefer this Chiropractor. My situation, I was using our newly bought Ab Glider, where you have the option to swing your hips side to side, or do a crunching movement with out laying on your back. Unfortunately, doing it more then the recommended time frame, tend to screw up your spine, especially if your spine isn't use to swinging side to side that often. Going to Advanced Chiropractic Specialists, gave me a better understanding on how my spine works. Called them to make an appointment and was a bit surprise that they had openings right away, basically 30 minutes after I called. Got there and did some paper works, but I like the fact that filling out paperwork was minimal.  They had computer tablets, for you to use and explain your situation. Mainly, its ask you questions, on what's the problem, how much it hurts, and other questions that is better to answer on computer, then to carry a clipboard and find a comfortable spot to write. They were kind of quick on getting me in, and it wasn't so busy. They sat me in a room, watch a video and shortly after they had some one check me out. Explaining my situation, they made me do some stretches to see where exactly my problem is. They also took an X-ray of my spine. Coming back with the X-ray, I got a good understanding, what I did to my spine and why my body was crooked. After deliberating the condition my spine, they got me on a table, positioned me to get my spine readjusted as well as doing some short thrust to pop my back and release some toxins. Then take me to a section where they have pads to do some electro-massage and lay down on a bed that stretch out your spine. At first, it did feel kind of odd, but after 24-48 hours after that first visit, I felt a big huge difference, then the first time i arrived. I feel really confident about this place, and the fact that they offer massages. might be something I'll consider. If your doctor just gives you muscle relaxers and still hurt, I believe going to a chiropractor might make it better. With the situation that I put my spine into, spending minimal time at the chiropractor and feeling better at least 24 hours later, is amazing. I like this place cause they were very nice and quick. I like the fact of them spending minimal time, but doing a lot in that time frame. Its better then waiting for 30 minutes to see a doctor, to look at you for 5 minutes and give you an answer that you already know, instead of a solution. I would recommend this place if you know you need a spinal adjustment. They are quick, they get you in within 5-10 minutes and it doesn't seem busy. They'll work on you for 10-20 minutes, and even though you may feel sore afterwards, you'll feel it the next day. Maybe feel it instantly, but overall, I really enjoy this place and they have my approval.
5	This place is awesome... Brian and Pete are very gentle and understanding . We ended up here due to a car accident. They are every professional and have a lot of clientele .. Which means a lot! Tasha is the receptionist and she is always happy to see you, works around your schedule and never complains if your late. And I'm notoriously late :( especially in the am appointments.The office is always clean and in the perfect temperature.. Your never freezing while on the machines.. Bathroom always smell good.. And your sure to find a treat on the front counter :-)I definitely recommend this practice! They work with you even if you don't have insurance. They work out deals... Half off first visit xrays and only 35 per visit after that..Love them !!!
5	If you're in PAIN - search no further!!! Dr. Fife and Dr. Pete will have you up and mobile like new. Extremely friendly and professional chiropractors in Vegas. Thanks guys!
