2	Two stars for excellent pricing on eyewear and a pretty good selection.  No real 'names' so if you're looking for Coach sunglasses, move along.I needed new glasses, so prescription in hand I went shopping for frames.  Actually, I found JCP Optical by accident, didn't know they even HAD an optical center.  Found a great pair of frames and a great price, handed over my RX and completed the order.  SImple, huh?  Not quite.  It took THREE tries and FOUR WEEKS to get my eyeglasses.  Apparently, their glasses are made in New Jersey by blind elves who lack the ability to grind glass using sophisticated machinery.  Many phone calls and much ado ensues, finally I receive my glasses no less than 30 days from the date of order.  That was frustrating, but to their credit, they gave me half off the final price.
5	Have any of you been to JCPenney recently? WOW! It's on the up!First of all, the new pricing policy is great. Three tiers: 1) standard price, 2) month-long specials, 3)markdowns straight to "best price" - so if you see something with the red tag you know that it's the lowest it'll be. And, wow, they are going low. I got my little cousin 5 shirts, 1 skort, and a pair of jeans for $17 2 weeks ago for her birthday. Yes, kids clothes are cheaper than adult clothes in general, but this was just a steal.  Last night I found a pair of M-N-G (Mango) jeans for $5. FIVE DOLLARS! And they're doing a total remodel of the store and have already installed a really fashion-forward jeans department featuring Levi's products (which, sadly, have never worked for me - but it's still a well designed department) and a really wonderful, if a bit small, shoe department.Fashion-wise, having lived in Europe for 3 years I can say with confidence that the M-N-G line that Mango is doing for Penney's is sometimes even better than the stuff in their standard stores in the UK and Europe (I kept noticing this on trips to the US). They've also got other designer collaborations and seem to be trying to compete with the fashion-forward nature of Target, etc. while keeping hold on the more traditional department store branding as well.Since moving back to the US in the Spring, I've been shopping more at Penney's that I had in probably the 5 years before I left. This location and the West Towne location are really making great strides.
4	I've read about how poorly Penney's is doing, and I hope they can get it together because I like this place. I really like their exercise wear (I found these fantastic running bras for less than $20!!) and they seem to always have lots of stuff marked down. They also have, at least in the women's section, quite a few dressing rooms, which I LOVE. I discovered their ship-to-store option and am a fan. You find your items on the website (there are reviews for most things, also appreciated), order and pay for them, and have them sent to the Penney's of your choice. If you get more than $25 of merchandise they ship to the store for free. You waltz in to any register and give them your info (you need your phone number and the credit card you used, if I remember right), then they get on the walkie-talkie and have somebody bring your bag/box to the register. I recommend not going during a super-busy time if possible, but otherwise it didn't take long at all.
5	This is probably the best JCPenney in Madison. Great help from Tracy and Heather tonight from jewelry department. they have a lot of great products!
