5	My husband and I have taken lessons at the Arthur Murray Dance Studio in Denver for almost 8 years.  Last year, we were in Phoenix visiting relatives, and decided to check out the Arthur Murray Arrowhead studio.  We were made to feel extremely welcome by both teachers and students.  I chatted with a student about making ballroom costumes while my husband learned a lock step.  Later, I purchased some jewelry from the "bling" display run by a couple of the students.  If we lived in Phoenix, I know where we would be taking ballroom lessons -- Arthur Murray Arrowhead!
5	I moved to Phoenix in July and I was searching for a new dance studio. I had heard from several people about how great this studio was and I finally went and checked it out. I was not disappointed! The people at Arrowhead Arthur Murray are some of the nicest people you could ever meet. They are so welcoming and they make you feel like you are a part of the studio right when you first walk in. Not only are they amazing people but they are all also amazing dancers. Many of the instructors are award winning dancers and they are all so willing to help you in anyway they can. As a newcomer to Arizona they made me feel at home and I feel truly blessed to be a part of the Arrowhead Arthur Murray Family. If you are looking for something fun and enjoyable to do you need to come here and meet some amazing people and have tons of fun dancing the night away!
5	Arrowhead Arthur Murray has been such a blessing for my family. We started dancing here in August 2012, and have absolutely fallen in love with not only dance, but this studio in particular. We've been to other studios in the valley for parties and group classes, but none work as hard at building community as Arrowhead. All of the staff are great dancers, but more importantly just great people. They are, from what we've seen by visiting other studios(both Arthur Murray and others), the most dedicated and well trained instructors.  We've even visited other studios in CA, TX, and CO, but this studio is unique in its philosophy of atmosphere, which we believe is a direct reflection of the philosophy of the franchisees Mychael and Candee. They work hard to create an atmosphere that is welcoming of all dancers at all levels. We've never felt pressure to buy lessons(stories I've heard from others that visit other dance studios), and have always felt welcome(even encouraged) to make the studio our own. Again, I cannot express how much this place feels like home.If you've ever been interested in learning dance in a friendly and safe environment, I cannot give a higher recommendation than Arrowhead Arthur Murray.
5	My husband and I have been dancing ballroom for a decade now, and just moved into the area a few months ago.  I had always been skeptical of Arthur Murray studios, but when DH found this studio and checked it out, he said the studio was warm and inviting, and Nick and Laura (instructors) were amazing dancers, and I trusted his judgement (the other instructors turned out to be great as well).  So, we took the plunge and signed up!  I'm so glad we did!! It has only been a few months, but we already feel like part of the family.  I can't imagine our lives without them.
