5	great selection, great customer service, nice people. I bought a pair of boots here that about halfway through a day of wearing them, I discovered they were not the same... right boot was kind of irregular. Even though they had been worn outside, they took them back no questions asked, and were very nice and helpful selecting another pair to replace them.
3	I love me some Wrangler butts! Too bad it's an expensive habit, and they don't have the regular jeans they used to have, and they are out of stock on a lot of things.
4	Yee haw!!  I went shopping for some Cowboy gear and popped into this joint.  They have a great selection of hats & boots.  I was tempted to buy some boots, but didn't want to spend the dough that day.Instead I bought a nice hat by Justin for $49.99.http://www.yelp.com/biz_user_photos/HdTps1zqsZ_j17bghTPIlAThere weren't too many people in the store the day I stopped by.  The workers here are friendly and helpful.Return Factor - 95%
3	We went in to look...Left with 3 pairs of boots and a couple of cute tops for me!!We were in Shepler's for about an hour...it took 30 minutes for someone to offer us up some assistance...Leo was really friendly, and grabbed us what ever we needed. Took care of our packages so we were hands free to shop after we selected our boots. The cashier was another story. I don't even remember her name but she was snide. and she screwed up and didn't discount one of our boots. When I called in it was then requested that we come back with the boots and the receipt. We are in North Scottsdale and come on what an inconvenience when it was their mistake. I haven't made it back to get the error corrected yet but I will update you on how that goes. I went online to Country Outfitters and I can get the boots for the same price as Shepler's without the cashiers lousy attitude. Just sayin....Not sure if I will return or not...
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE Sheplers. I think I may be a boot snob but when I came to Arizona I went to THREE different boot stores before I came to Sheplers. Apparently the boots I was looking for are rare. I actually came here on a whim and the first thing I asked them was "Do you have any leather/wood bottom boots." And I didn't even have to explain why I needed it they steered me to Corral boots. Now, Corrals and I do not mix well so I asked for any other boots. And guess what? They showed me these Ariats that had leather bottoms!!! Apparently when I'm trying on boots you can tell whether or not they are comfy by the face I make. And apparently I made a very happy face when I tried on these boots. All I had to do was put these boots on and I knew they were the ones for me. Walking in I thought I was going to spend at least $300 on boots. I ended up spending $250 on boots and other things.The staff was super nice and even told me how to get to Toby Keith's. If I ended up living in Arizona because this is where all the red necks are and they are super nice. I felt I was among my people! Good Job Sheplers. You have awesome employees and my feet are very happy while I'm at work :)
3	Customer service here is nonexistent.There were two young girls on the sales floor.Not only did they not greet customers as they came in, (I could understand if they were busy, but it's Monday morning.) but they even both walked by me & never even acknowledged that I was there.They seemed to be very intent on working on store displays instead.In my opinion, that should be busy work for when you don't have customers.Somebody needs to go through some basic sales orientation.
