5	-WOW!! I didn't expect over the top, friendly service in here...I REALLY like this Baskin-Robbins!-FRIENDLY, helpful, attentive, enthusiastic (I am speculating was the owner)...a guy that enjoyed what he was doing and really likes his customers! The kind of service that keeps you coming back...-SUPER CLEAN! Bright & cheery B-R decor...makes you happy about having ice cream.-LOVe their ice cream...just give me all 31 flavors as I head over to Weight Watchers...-Convenient parking (next to Leo's Island BBQ).
3	Yum ice cream
4	Typical Baskin Robbins. Really good ice cream, service was what you'd expect from a couple of high school kids. Had a hot fudge sundae with pralines and cream and peanut butter & chocolate. I would have liked to have quarterback crunch but the sundae was still tasty. The interior is a little run down, could use a little freshening up. Overall, very nice place to have some classic Baskin Robbins ice cream.
5	Great ice cream, fantastic service. Love it. Had to also get some to take home :-)
5	I ordered a Frozen themed cake for my granddaughters birthday. The cake decorator was so flexible because I thought I was going to be able to find my own decorations (which was impossible). The staff did a beautiful job and were so friendly and wonderful.
5	Visited this location today, clean happy atmosphere and great service. They had quite a few options to choose from, something for everyone, highly recommend the chocolate fudge ice cream, wish they had had pecans but they only had almonds today.
5	Great options tonight, enjoyed the no sugar added options, you can still enjoy ice cream without all the guilt!
2	Had a bad experience at this location tonight. We stood in line for over fifteen minutes no one helped or greeted us. Finally a young black kid said what do you want. He took my one scoop in a waffle cone . When I got the cone it was so soggy my fingers sank into it. I told the worker it was extremely soggy. He looked at me with a blank stare and said that's the way they came. I told him  I wasn't paying for that cone and to please make me a new one. He did. My friend that I was with was at the other ice cream case and still hadn't been helped. Another latina girl was standing right in front of her cleaning the window. By now my friend was upset. She asked the worker if she was going to help the ten or so customers that had walked in or just clean windows. The worker said. "I'm cleaning your not my boss" my friend said well then where is your boss she said she was the manager.. . Complete rude. I can't believe a chain like baskin robbins would settle for such poor workers! My friend ended up leaving with no ice cream because she was so upset with how poor we were treated! Never again!
1	How does an ice cream shop NOT have chocolate chip or mint chocolate chip for over two weeks! Come on -does someone need lessons in supply and demand? I only ask for ice cream every once in a while!
