3	All Amir restaurants are not created equal. This one distinguishes itself for it's meguez and armenian sausage sandwiches. The shish taouk pita or platter is a good bet but my opinion is divided when it comes to their shawarma - too much meat tenderizing? This said, the crew behind the counter and owner is always very friendly and it's a good spot to grab a quick bite.
1	I have been going to different Amir restaurants and getting the same plate which is a Combo plate no rice no potatoes. Instead I replace with 2 salads. Never have I been charged extra. For the past year I have been going to this Amir restaurant located on Notre Dame because it's close to my work place and have been ordering the same dish. Today I was astonished that they wanted to charge me 1$ extra for the same plate that I ordered last week. He said it was always like this...and I told him that he was wrong. He seemed to be the owner or the owner's son. He was extremely rude and tried to rob me of a 1$ for absolutely no reason. Its not a question of 1$, it's a question of principle.He made the biggest mistake as a small business owner. Just because you own a restaurant doesn't give you the right to change prices at random as you please! I am applauded by the way he spoke to me and disrespected me. His staff was staring at him because they knew he was making a fool out of himself. I will never ever go back to that restaurant and I will make sure no one I know goes as well. Customer service is very much lacking in the place.
2	I'm a vegetarian and i'm addicted to falafel.Sometimes I need a falafel so bad that I get the shakes; yeah it's that bad.Amir always has falafel and it's consistently the worst in town.  The problem is that these buggers are often open when all the other falafel places are closed. That's why they get 2 stars, just for being open.You can always count on the fact that the falafel balls are premade and already fried so there's no freshness.  Then when you get there they nuke it the falafel balls.  Major faux pas. I've been reluctantly going there for years at various locations and not once have i ever had a fresh falafel sandwich. At best the falafel sandwich gets a 3/10.  But because they are open..they sometimes get my falafel money which makes me sad because they seriously don't deserve it.
