4	I must admit I dreaded visiting Just Dogs. There have been a lot of dog stores that have popped up over the years that sell the most ludicrous, unpractical clothing for your pooches that surely humiliates them more than anything else! You know the sort - the kind of place Paris Hilton would shop in the Hills because she has nothing better to spend her money on. Thankfully, I can report Just Dogs actually sells items your dog can use and enjoy! There was a pleasing lack of pink doggie tutu's, and instead a number of chews, harnesses, collars, bedding and toys all for low prices. They cater to dogs of all sizes and sell some funky accessories without veering over to the ridiculous.Selling items for dogs as different as Yorkies are to Greyhounds, I thank the lord that I stumbled upon a specialise pooch store that sells things I can actually give to my dog! They even have useful items for the owner, such as Pooper Scoopers and dog chew storage bags. Useful without being boring, Just Dogs is a great resource for man and his best friend.
4	I was hoping Just Dogs was either going to be a shop were humans were barred, or otherwise the base for some crime fighting, justice dispensing super-dogs. Actually it's just a pet store.I have to agree with Stephanie and Marj that I was relieved that this place was mostly a practical shop, selling the sorts of things that improve the lives of pet dogs, things like food, treat, collars etc. I have to say that when I was in there were some stupid dress up pet accessories. You know the sort of thing for people who treat their animals not as respect worthy sentient beings but as babies or soft toys, to be patronised and made to dance for their own amusement. But like I said, on the whole this place seemed a really handy store specialising in all things pooch. Not too expensive and pretty friendly too.
5	Just Dogs is absolutely FANTASTIC!  Best pigs ears in town according to my wee Springer.The shop is chocka full of everything a dog owner needs for their canine companion and everything a pup could possible want. By the till are photos of some loyal puppy customers which really shows the vibe of the shop: local & friendly.It is a small shop but really does have all the practical things: food, balls, beds, treats, leads/collars, hygiene stuff and most importantly: REALLY awesome staff. The girls are so friendly and really know how to help & recommend items for you. Recently I was in a jam for dog care and got fabulous recommendations over email for dog sitters from Gemma. They do go above & beyond for their customers.Its a star of a shop.
