4	Ahh, the Follow Your Heart of Las Vegas. A good week before I left LA for my weekend Vegas getaway, I knew that I would be eating at least one of my meals at Rainbow's End. With few vegetarian and next to NO vegan options in this whole God-forsaken desert city, Rainbow's End is a legitimate Find, with a capital 'F.'...But I'm not sure I believe in the cafe's 'A' health rating all that much. Even as I was ordering my food at the counter, my 6th sense-crazy-Krissy-dirty-restaurant alarm bells went off. But as I was desperate to have some legitimately vegetarian food, I hushed them in the same way I hush a toddler I babysit who loves to scream for her 'juicy' when it's three hours past her bedtime.The food itself was pretty good -- I had the Green Goddess pita sandwich and J had the Awesome BLT. Was it as good as LA's Follow Your Heart? Not quite. Was it very similar to something I could make at home? Absolutely. But was I in the position to negotiate? Hell no! So I ate that sucker up and practically licked my plate clean. Luckily, our waiter was extremely warm and friendly, and so he didn't call me out on my Hoover vacuum cleaner impression.All was well until - post meal - I decided to go to the bathroom. As soon as I walked in, the bells started ringing again, only this time I wasn't feeling crazed and ravenous with hunger, so I was more open to scoping out the place for dirty details. My eyes lit upon the trash can, with something dark and ugly taking up residence near the trash can's edge on the cracked linoleum floor.No... It couldn't be...! But it was. A dead cockroach. Actually, it was a dead half-a-roach, because the only parts left were two upside down legs and half a shell. But I know my roach parts. And even more upsetting was that it looked like it had been a BIG MFer, and that its remnants had been there for a long time, overlooked and uncleaned. Ewwwwwww...The optimist in me is still doling out 4 stars, because I want so badly for this place to survive and multiply -- Vegas needs veggie options desperately. Needless to say, if this place were in LA, I would NOT be giving out 4 stars, based on the bathroom bug.I really hope someone from Rainbow's End reads this, because as much as I want them to thrive, I also want for them to be better restaurateurs and keep up on their cleaning and exterminating.
4	Vegans in Vegas sound like a rare species but one would be surprised at the popularity of health food store Rainbows End. I've been going since I moved to Las Vegas 3 year ago. Frankly, its made the adjustment easier after living in the East Village in New York and having Angelicas Kitchen and other prestigious vegan eateries at my doorstep.. The employees really know their herbs and products. I've discovered amazing products that I can't get anywhere else in Las Vegas including Chi Tea Green Tea It's a great tasting, extremely potent green tea extract that can be added to just about anything. I'll put it in my water  (especially when I'm feeling run down) to give me a quick antioxidant and immune boost, I also first discovered Braggs, Sprouting jars, Chi Tea Detox and they stock top quality Royal Jelly. The Rainbows End cafe is amazing. I'm a fan of the Carrot and Avocado Soup, Cashew nut spring wrap and legendary Green Goddess sandwich. Chef Sharon really makes her dishes with love although it does take along time so I always bring work to do while I wait. I want this  independent institition to thrive against the Fast Food Franchise that infect this corporate city. I urge everyone that wants healthy food and products to support Rainbows End.
5	Great place! I had the tuna sandwich with a side salad, and a hand made smoothie. I enjoyed it a lot and was so happy to find this store amid all the junkfood places in the area. It's not walkable from the strip but it is from sunshine hospital where I was at. The slogan on the reciept says, making Vegas greener for over 30 years! I hope that they stop using plastic utencils and wads of napkins, that would be really green!
4	An amazing cafe. I used to live nearby and this is one of the only places in Las vegas where you can get raw food, besides Go Raw which is on the other side of town. definitely a rare gem.Everything on the menu is delicious- I've tried almost all of it, the wheatgrass is organic and fresshly juiced- potent  *exactly how it should be!The selection of Herbs and Spices in the back is pretty much unmatched.Not a large produce section- but you can count on what they do have is local and fresh.Extracts, teas, vitamins, books, raw foods, desserts, clothes, toiletries, energy bars. ALL are hard to find anywhere else- albeit a bit pricier than whole foods or sunflower market, but then again you are supporting the independent business here! Support and spread the Love ;)Speaking of- the staff here is phenomenal. They always remembered my name and what was going on in my life- even my boyfriend at the time! ** Once I forgot a Yves Saint Laurent Wallet here with $600 cash inside. I had no idea where it was for over 12 hours. They called me from a number i had left in my wallet letting me know I had forgotten it there! I went back the next day and not a cent was missing. Good Karma? I think YES.Rainbows End is a GEM.
3	For a city dedicated to rich and empty calories, this is a suprise on the menu.  A must know for health concious person residing in LV for any amount of time over a week or 2.  That said, it's just the basics.
4	Thank god for the Rainbow's End Cafe. Vegas needs all the vegan and healthier options it can get. The Green Goddess sandwich is where it's at. Plus the people are so awesome!!I don't get them often because it's soy but I love the tofu croquettes and gravy with extra gravy!
4	Rainbow's End is both a health food store and cafe.  The store has lots of supplements, bulk tea and spices, and lots of veg'n/raw food products.  It's quite pricey, even compared to Whole Foods a lot of times, but I really like to support local businesses (and I can walk there!), so I'm happy to spend a wee bit extra.I've had some really great stuff from the cafe - particularly the Raw Tacos-red cabbage "shells" filled w/ walnut "meat", veggies, avocado and cashew creme, and the Goddess Sandwich - a pita stuffed to the brim with shredded carrot, beets, spinach, etc w/ a tahini based dressing.  Yum!The cafe has a selection of vegan desserts on hand, vegan and also gluten-free chocolate chip cookies, and they are now also selling raw meals packaged to-go in the refrigerator case!
3	I dropped by on my lunch break on Sunday, which happens to be the day that their cafe is closed. From all the reviews, I had been looking forward to trying their green goddess sandwich but instead I settled for one of the premade meals. The options were a raw pasta with what looked like lots of olive oil and tomatoes or a raw pasta with cashew nut pesto. I got the second and it was pretty good, really cooling and refreshing for a hot Vegas afternoon. I was feeling pretty gnarly after a few celebratory days, so having a light, cleansing meal available was great. Not a daily lunch option at $7.99 for a small container, but I'll go back and try their cafe for sure. I picked up a few herbal supplements and I dig that they have a bulk herb section that's pretty large. I would consider looking into the different herb stores throughout china town, though, to get a fair idea of the market. Kombucha is often cheaper at Sunflower Market but they have a fair selection for a small store. Worth checking out for yourself if you're in the neighborhood and appreciate the crunchier aspects of life :}
4	A great Vegetarian/Vegan/Raw food grocery store and cafe.I just stopped in for a quick lunch and had the Green Goddess $7.49 on the recommendation of the cook. The sandwich is stuffed to the brim with avocado, cucumber, tomato, carrots, beets, onions, vegan mayo, cheese and stuffed into a very dark and supper soft whole wheat pita served with a side salad.The sandwich is huge and i am a big man and i took half of it to go. The flavor of the sandwich was very fresh but needed the green goddess  dressing to be tossed with all the vegetables to really make it sing. the texture was great with the softness of the pita and the crispness of the fresh vegetables. As i was leaving i say some people come in for the smoothies and they looked really good and were alot bigger than i expected. i will have to stop in a try one sometime.Overall and great lunch spot for takeout or a relaxing sit down lunch is the empty dining room.
5	I ordered their ultra-famous Green Goddess sandwich which includes Avocado, Cucumber, Tomato, grated Carrots and Beets, Onions, eggless Vegenaise, and Cheese, topped with sprouts, inside locally-made whole wheat Pita bread.  It was delicious! Each bite had different layers of taste due to the amount of veggies in the sandwich.  The 1st layer was fresh and light due to the cucumbers, cheese and sprouts. The 2nd layer was a little creamy because of the tomatoes, avocado and eggless vegenaise. The 3rd layer was the best, crunchy carrots and sweet taste of beets! It's a great restaurant with lots of healthy products to take home.  I will be back to try other veggie delights!
4	What a surprise! It's a little hard being a vegan visitor in Vegas and this place is a find.  I'm sick of going to buffets and paying a ton of money for salad and hummus. This is way better. Loved the raw vegan tacos!
4	What Rainbow's end lacks in stock, they make up for in service!RE is a smallish health food and product (mostly product) store on Sahara, just east of the strip.  Nice for those in central (like me) who don't want to truck it all the way out to GV or summerlin to Whole Foods.  In terms of the store, the food selection is pretty sparse;  there is a small refrigerated section of organic, raw dairy and juice items, flax seed oil, the usual.  The reason you'd go here though is for the teas, supplements, essential oils etc.   The staff are VERY helpful and knowledgeable...and have advised me on different items I've considered or bought.  Prices are fair considering the general lack of health stores in this part of town.They do have a kitchen/restaurant area on the side, but I haven't tried it yet.
3	The people that work here are insanely friendly.We stopped in for a couple sandwiches- food was REALLY good, but expect a bit of a wait for preparation. Definitely worth waiting though. We got a bowl of chili and a "BLT" which was so yummy that my stomach is now growling just remembering it....While waiting for our food I was chatting it up with one of the workers. I had shared with her that I had a headache for the past couple days that I couldn't get rid of (and since I'm pregnant, not many options to get rid of it.) She actually gave me this little bottle of peppermint oil which helped tremendously. Very sweet. Cute little cafe in a hippy grocery store in a part of town where you wouldn't expect to find a hippy store.
4	After class today, I decided to stop by and see what kinds of products this place carries. I am not a vegan or vegetarian but I do like to eat more of a plant based diet with some clean protein thrown into the mix. As far as the store goes, there are a lot of supplements for vegans/vegetarians/meat-eaters alike. There's a small selection of food products including refrigerated food products. I noticed they had ezekiel bread which I eat but it's definitely not as cheap as say Sunflower Market sells it for. Even though I had read reviews of the food, I came here thinking I was NOT going to order any food from their small cafe but once I saw someone walking away with their to-go order of the Green Goddess sandwich, I figured why the hell not?! Since I had also read that service was on the slow side, I placed my to-go order and walked around the store one more time. Less than ten minutes later, the nice waitress was calling my name with my food. Yay! I ended up leaving with a weird combo of my sandwich, nutritional yeast and a Raw Revolution bar...which by the way, they do not have a big selection of bars :( Oh well, shouldn't be eating those anyways.The sandwich looked pretty good and was served with purple corn tortilla chips, a salsa and some other freaking amazing sauce that I have no idea what it was...but it was amazing!!!! The sandwich itself was amazing too. Sprouts, tomatoes, purple onions, veganaise, daiya?, shredded beets and carrots. Every bite was heaven. The plan was to eat half for lunch today and the other half for tomorrows lunch...um, yeah, it will probably be gone before then. It is served in the softest wheat pita pocket I've ever had...so good. Didn't care too much for the chips so I didn't eat more than a few. I can't wait to go back and try the other stuff on the menu including some of the desserts.For any raw foodists, there are raw meals on the menu and even some already prepared raw "pastas" in the refrigerated section that looks pretty good. If this store had more selection in their grocery section then I'd probably give 5 stars BUT I will definitely be back to eat more of their deeeelish food!
3	My cohorts order here all the time. But this is MY review. I had a 2-year vegetarian stint and this is a closer lunch option near work.The vegetarian chili was chunky with fake meat and some what flavorful. The Green Goddess sandwich, ummm... not so much.
3	I am a green goddess!!!!  That is definitely true if I am what I eat!After a long while since I missed out on Honey T.'s UYE ages ago and had this bookmarked ever since, I had this random hour between a meeting and going back to work.  I went to the ordering counter - and was told I must must must order the green goddess for my first go.I decided to have it as it is and with the chips and fresh salsa.  I took it back to work and ate it there - fresh pita, onions, cucumbers, tomatoes, carrots, beets, avocado, vegan-aise and soy cheese I believe plus sprouts....some dressing on the side, and the blue corn chips and delicious salsa.I am not a fan of condiments usually so next time I will just get the avocado-beet sandwich - I did not enjoy the vegan-aise.  However, the cheese was fine and all of the veggies were impeccably fresh.  I really can't go wrong with anything that has beets AND avocado AND tomato!  I always say my fave fruits are tomatoes and avocados.  I just love beets too, and it was so tasty.  The market itself was pretty bare so that was not too impressive.  I would probably come back for the avocado beet  sandwich next.  Lunch was $8.
1	I came all the way down there to use a groupon and you refused to take it via my phone.  Shame on you for not honoring it.  GROUPON USERS BEWARE.
4	I'm only part-time vegetarian, but I like that this place exists.  Especially if my vegan friends want to go out.  I didn't care for the avocado fries (tasted like peanut butter, yuck) but the grilled cheese sandwich made with tomato and avocado on sprouted bread was pretty tasty, albeit kinda small.  My friend's raw vegan tacos weren't as good as what she makes at home, but the avocado veggie burger was a hit with her boyfriend.  One complaint is that blue corn chips come with the sandwich, or you can pay an extra 50 or 75 cents for kettle potato chips?  Kind of a rip-off; don't they both come in big bags and we get a tiny pinch on our plates?  The sodas are cheap, and the cafe seating is comfortable.   I hear you can rent that space for $25, which is not bad for a central venue.
5	If you are into vegetarian and vegan food then you will get this restaurant. If not then you may not get it.  The restaurant is inside a grocery store. Everyone is very nice.  food is always good.  About a dozen or less items on the menu and everyone good. I took my friend who only likes to eat things that are bad for him and he conceded that the food tasted good.  Down home hippy style interior in the restaurant area.  You order at a counter and they bring out the food.  they sell good vitamins and jewelry here too.  I have been here many times and never had a bad experience.  Not fast food but comes out in no longer than 20 minutes and maybe 10 sometimes.  While Vegas has many wonderful places to eat a very healthy place is rare and this is one.
4	While I didn't venture into the cafe portion of the store, there are nearly three aisles dedicated to supplements & natural healing remedies. I did a lot of comparison with pricing (Rainbows End vs. Whole Foods), & there are actually some deals to be had here depending on what you need. I found that most of what I buy at Whole Foods can be purchased here for about $2-3 cheaper than what's at Whole Foods (then again it really depends what you're looking for). They carry a good amount of herbal tea products, powders, mixtures, green powders, even refrigerated sprouted breads. There is no fresh produce as some people might want to assume, but this place makes up for a lot of the packaged natural foods.A lot of interesting & good natural remedies & products that Whole Foods doesn't even carry in their stores, so this place is a definite check out if you're into the holistic natural scene of things. My next review once I get back here will be on what they got at the cafe, so I'm eager to see what else I can find in this place. This is definitely a win for those into natural foods; you'll have tons of fun browsing through this place. They also offer a little section on aromatherapy oils, and also a little book shelf for natural food processing & education.
4	Rainbow's end is my go to place to get some herb.. and by herb I mean different kinds of roots, teas, and various supplements.  They have a plethora of vitamins and natural products that you definitely can't find in most stores and a bunch of vegan/vegetarian foods to nom on either there or at home at your leisure.  The product here is a bit pricier than most places but I forego that due to the diverse amount of stuff that I can't find anywhere else.  Plus, the people here are nice and I usually get some type of free sample to take home and try out.  Very cool place and a must if you need some herbal attention and supplementation.
5	For years I drove right by this place and never stepped foot inside until I started working at an office nearby and fell in love with their cafe, I was never really a big fan of vegetarian/vegan food until I came here, the food is awesome and so is the staff, absolutely love their southwest faux chicken salad! Plus when my son is sick, I like buying his medicine here as well, all natural is the way to go!
5	Great fun and great food!
4	They have a great selection of health foods on the shelves. They also have a kitchen which has very clean foods for breakfast and lunch. I really love the Green Goddess sandwich with a mock chicken patty added. Great green drinks made fresh. If you're in town looking for a clean vegan or vegetarian place to grab a bite, check it out.
4	Can you name one thing sets Rainbow's End apart from some other health establishments in town?Community.Rainbow's End has much of the same supplements, organic coconut oil, and Celtic salt that can be found in other local stores. What cannot be so easily found at other stores is the (authentic) connection to the Vegas community present at this place. In addition to a range of vegan and vegetarian dishes, this small store carries a plethora of goods from local vendors. If that is important to you (like it is to me), go in and check it out.  Look past the ingredient list and ask the helpful employees where the products come from.  Look at the honey. Look at the soaps. Look at the kale chips.  The community focus is evident on their shelves. I've attended classes about the history or tea and the science of juicing there as well.   These were not throwaway classes, but were highly informative explorations of each topic. They offer a number of other classes that I may never check out (tai chi, tango, vegan cooking, etc.). I appreciate knowing that they are available.   This is a great place.
5	What a wonderful place. Worth the 45 min walk I took from the strip! Competitively priced cafe that is nutrient dense food for your mind and body.
4	I order take out from the Rainbows End Cafe at least once a week. It's nice to have a healthy vegetarian/vegan alternative. Here's what i recommend : The cucumber hummus boats (not sure that's actually what it's called, but it's a generous appetizer, really clean and yummy)The Hummus Veggie plate (best beets I've ever tasted)The Fry burger with Spinach Feta and Sun Dried tomato (simply amazing!)The Greek Salad (very fresh and a good portion)Aside from the cafe I've bought a few of their natural products too. The staff is really courteous and nice.
4	Support local joints!Yes, Vegas has Whole Foods and Trader Joes and Sprouts Markets, but why go to them when you have fantastic farmer's markets with local and CA grown organic and sustainable produce (every day of the week except mondays right now) ... AND you have Rainbow's End for everything else. Supplements, bulk goods and mores...They also have a nice in-house restaurant that makes fresh juices! I am a regular for their non-sweet green juice with a splash of lemon.They also have a large eating area where they often have classes and meetups. Their meetup is here: http://www.meetup.com/wholeway
4	Made the trek out here from the strip in search of something tasty and non-meat, and was not disappointed !  The salad tasted fresh and actually contained vegetables other than lettuce and shredded carrots (which was what most of vegas had to offer). The quesadilla was simple but tasty.It was well worth the trip from the strip to get something reasonably priced and fresh.
4	I was first introduced to this place by my dear friend and fellow yelper Ric. H. Upon walking in it doesn't look like much, just your average mom and pop health shop but the food was terrific. You walk in the back of the store and ring a bell then order whatever is on the menu for the day. I really enjoy the Immunizer drink! In fact I get that with whatever meal I am served. Its also nice because you can stock up on all your vitamin essentials or health needs while in the store. The staff are all very friendly and helpful and there is neat local art on the back walls. If you work out at LVAC on Maryland, this is the perfect after workout experience! I am a fan and will be coming back regularly.
5	Amazing little cafe in the corner of the store. It's truly yummy and healthy! Try it for yourself!
4	Went for the Herb/Tea 101 Class by JC. It was very informative as he had a nice selection of herbs for us to smell it would have been nice to have a tea or 2 to sample but very educational. Also creates his own herbal blends for supplemental and provided us with a sample. Aside from education this place is a sleeper the kitchen is awesome they have great salads and sandwiches!The store has an impressive variety of high quality health food products and ground up herbs/teas.
5	This review is mainly about their restaurant. It's been awhile since I was there so I don't even remember everything I ate there now, but I do remember their avocado fries. They are pieces of breaded avocado, and I liked them. I like Rainbows End as well. I'm a fan of natural products, and I am a vegetarian as well. I am giving them five stars.
4	I discovered this gem of a place near my work and I am so happy! It has a wonderful deli which serves fresh and healthy sandwiches, salads, smoothies, and more. It is also a small store with anything from dog food, to hair dye, to cookies to supplements.. Anything your health conscious heart could desire. Prices were comparable to other health food stores that I have frequented. There are other dishes that I am eager to try so I will be back!
4	Place is kind of hidden. The staff are all very friendly. I came in and got smiles and hellos from everyone. They have a huge variety of healthy stuff. Very similar to a whole foods but more brands. I found a vegan jerky that I've been searching for at this spot. They also have a nice cafe in the store where you can alter any item to become vegan.
1	I WAS going to give this place a 4 star review...until an unfortunate incident recently.  I shop at this store from time to time - they have a small selection of natural/organic snack foods and I love that they have a little deli as well (which I haven't had the chance to try).  Trader Joe's and Sprouts have a better selection, but this place is close to my place and I like to support local business.I'm perusing the aisles after the gym one afternoon, texting on my phone, and generally, minding my own business.  I picked up just 2 or 3 things - some kale, some sort of delicious gluten-free snack, etc - and I headed to the check out line.  As I'm checking out, an older employee says to me:Old, rude man: "Did you put something in your purse?"  Me: *Looks around, confused* "Umm, I'm sorry, what?"Old, rude man: "I think I saw you put something from the shelf into your purse."  Me: *Kind of laughs, offended, but more awkward* No.  Definitely not.Old, rude man with no social skills: "Can I take a look?"Me: *in disbelief* "Yeah - go right ahead."  *opens purse, shuffles through it for him to see*Old, rude man:  "Oh.  Ok."End scene.Look, I get that you're protecting your store - so, if you think you saw me steal something, kudos to you for asking.  However, when you realize that I did NOT, in fact, steal anything, and that you just accused a paying customer or shoplifting, that would be the appropriate time to apologize to said customer...but as I stood there waiting, mouth agape, I realized there would be no apology forthcoming.Now, I wasn't embarrassed, because well, I'm me....but most people would be mortified.  The fact that he didn't apologize or even acknowledge that he mistakenly accused me of theft is extremely off-putting.  The checker girl didn't say anything either.  It was all a bit odd.  It was so odd in fact, that when I got to my car, I double checked my purse just to make sure nothing had accidentally fallen in!!  (Nothing had.)Sad about this review - I really liked that store.
5	We found ourselves looking for vegan food option like the vegan nazis that we have become. I Called to find out if it was a restaurant or vitamin store given the yelp information. The phone call was pleasant. They are all of the above. The bacon and cheddar vegan pizza was bomb. This might be the first time I actually enjoyed vegan bacon. We also tried the watermelon and jalapeno salad. Although this salad confused the fuck out of my mouth, it was good. The place also had good vibes. Chalk board to draw on and book exchange?? YES PLEASE
5	Number 1 choice for healthy, fresh food and Eco-conscious consumerism. Love the atmosphere and the people here. I'm proud to support this local gem.
1	This place was the biggest disappointment.. After reading a bunch of great yelp reviews my partner and I decided to check it out. We went and wanted to order the pizza but were unable to get that because my partner is allergic to the coconut in the cheese they use. We ended up getting a wrap with faux chicken which was good but nothing great. An older man was taking our order and during this time he was being really rude to us. Whenever we would ask what was in the food he'd get frustrated. Terrible, terrible service.I would never go back here.
4	Restaurant here has really improved its menu.  Added raw foods selections, Latin vegan from Chef Mayra and new vegetarian specials.   Fresh juices, the green goddess pita and meatless burgers are still there w/gr8 salads and an improved dining area.  Service is sometimes slow but you can call your order in advance.
5	I've been here a few times to pick up lunch. I've had the Green Goddess pita sandwich each time because it is delicious. The mix of vegetables is well balanced flavor and texture wise. The pita itself is so good that I've bought a pack to take home, even though I know I couldn't replicate that perfect mix. They have many more options that look tasty as well, but I can't stop with the Green Goddess. There is also a plentiful selection of drinks, chips, and other snacks. I make the trip from the west side as often as I can, but I'd be a weekly regular here if it was closer to my house.
5	I really liked this store. My husband and I had some Veggie wraps that were pretty darn tasty! I love the fact they have a decent amount of Vegan options to choose from. The employees were nice and accommodating they have a large selection of essential oils which is pretty cool now I won't have to order online and wait. Will definitely be returning to see what else they have here!
5	Went with a friend and we ordered the avocado "fries", green goddess, and tacos. It was Taco Tuesday.  Everything was fresh and tasty.   Happy to support a local place offering healthy options.  The Avocado "Fries" are simply avocado slices dipped in nutritional yeast & flax seed and were just ok.  The Green Goddess and Tacos were great.  Will definitely be back.
