1	I pull up to the Unique Autowash and pay $21 dollars to get the car washed, towel dried ($2), and vacuumed ($6).   The car runs through the autowash--it's nothing to write home about--and at the end, there are three teenagers drying and vacuuming.  Lackluster would be an overstatement.  One kid never took his eyes off his phone and texted the entire time.  The other two did a mediocre job vacuuming and barely dried the car.  There were streaks all over. Pathetic.I would have given the place two stars, but at that price point, it's verging on a rip-off.  Let me note that in both Chicago and San Diego, I got the same exact service for about $10 and they actually did a good job. My car is still dirty.  Any recommendations out there?
3	I'm reviewing the "do it yourself" section, not the "drive thru with teenagers" section.  Sigh.  Why are all the vacuums I find $1?!  That is so expensive.  So I pull up to the first one, take everything out of the car, get big time hit on by the brotha vacuuming next to me (to the point that he would not leave me alone), and realize that the vacuum is out of order.  I back up and go to another one, after running over my bag of groceries...  Already I was in a sour mood.The vacuums worked OK I guess, for $1!  I used about $4, and they did have a convenient, working change machine, so that was nice.  But, the entire time I was there I was being harassed by this guy next to me.  Like, begging me for my phone number, etc while he was blaring his music.  Then people drove by and honked at me vacuuming.  How annoying.  So, for you ladies, I think it's just a bad location.  Go to Oakland or somewhere where women are more common (?)  If you're in a rut, I guess this place can work.  It's a bit weathered, but it does the trick.
2	Underwhelmed is how I would sum up my experience. I way overpaid for the quality of cleaning. They forgot to clean my dashboard, the vacuuming was so-so and my windows were streaked. 1.5 stars and I won't be back.
5	Only carwash in the East End that's not in the ghetto. Getgo got rid of theirs for more pumps last year.The Express wash for $5 from 4-7pm is a good deal, as is the VIP Wash for $7 (coupons on website), which includes wheels, clear coat, towel dry, triple foam and underbody flush. Get the Rain X for $1 more. $2 tip makes it $10 total.The VIP Plus with Interior for $20 is naturally a rip off, but anyone with basic math skills can assess that vacuuming and wiping the windows for 12 additional clams is dumb. So vacuum yourself for $1 and buy some pre-packed windex wipes for $2 at Target and be on your merry way.
5	I don't usually get my car detailed, however I had North Dakota dirt and grime sandblasted by wind into my paint. No joke. The fellows working on my car did a fabulous job, especially Brandon. He even got the yellow paint off from when I ran into a pole:) My vehicle was sparkling and they paid special attention to whatever I asked. Worth the money:)
1	This place is an absolute ripoff. I payed for the "premium plus,"  which is the highest level of service short of a full-out detail. In this case, the "premium plus" amounted to an automated car wash and two guys hastily wiping water off of my car's exterior and then making a half assed, one minute attempt at vacuuming. The owner apparently has no desire to establish a loyal customer base, so I'm thinking maybe this so-called "car wash" is a front... I guess we'll know for sure when we see "crystal blue" make an appearance in Pittsburgh.
5	This place is great!  You will not get a better deal or service anywhere else.  My car looks amazing!  I wanted a full detail after I left my windows down during a storm creating a funky odor.  When I arrived the details were booked 2 weeks out, I told them what happened, and bought the SPEED DETAIL.  They shampooed my carpets for free, even though they were busy and it was not included!  Also, I had a dent in my back bumper, Dom offered to fix it for a very reasonable price and through in the FULL DETAIL I originally came here for.  I went for a Full Detail, and left with :1. A fixed bumper 2.  Speed Detail3. Full Detail  This place spoiled me, my car, and my wallet!
1	They used to do a good job and maintain their self wash/self vacuum stations.  The stations went downhill last year and now the actual car wash with hand detail option is bad too.  I visited earlier this summer to be greeted by a pushy, younger guy that drove a Bentley (pointed out it was his).  He claimed he was the owner.  I purchased a detail and had to schedule it approx. 8 weeks in advance.  I had the detail done today.  A new guy claimed he was the owner and that the old guy was not.  I had a bad feeling from the start and my gut was correct.  I never received a call my car was done, so went there near closing time and found bird droppings still on the roof.  The worst part is the fact there are acidic stains on the paint.  The car is worse off now, then it was when I dropped it off this morning.Avoid this place!
