2	It's been a while since I've been to Pizzedelic, so I thought it would be fun to give it a try again. My wife and I had dinner here this week with our 2 year old son, and I was very surprised by the poor quality food and the terrible service. First let's start with the food. We started with some cod fritters that were overcooked and barely had any cod in then. Then my chicken pizza was so dry and tasteless that I felt like I was eating a piece of cardboard. It was barely edible, and I did not enjoy it at all. My wife had a pasta dish and she thought it was OK but not great, so obviously not all of the food is bad. They have a great deal on a kids pizza - it's just $1 if an adult orders a regular pizza. I actually liked my son's plain cheese pizza better than mine. Now the service. It's obvious that the owners hire based on looks, not skill (is that legal?). Everyone is very attractive, but you can tell they hate working there. They did not seem happy that we had a baby, and they did the bare minimum to get us set up with a table. When my son accidentally knocked over and broke a glass (kids will be kids) several of the staff noticed, but not one person came over to help us. We ended up cleaning it all up ourselves. It took us about 5 minutes to get it all clean, and during this time no one came by to see if we needed any assistance, they just totally ignored us. I have never had that happen before at a restaurant. They brought our food, they took our money, all without a smile. These are unhappy people. So I give them 1 star for my wife's pasta, and 1 star for the price of the kids food. But I highly suggest you find a different place to eat.
2	The only thing this lousy Pizzedelic location has going for it is a nice location on Mont-Royal, some good outdoor seating, and funky decor. Otherwise, the food and service is downright bad. Our waitress was dismissive and our food barely edible. My pasta was overcooked, the sauce watery and the mushrooms tasted canned, not fresh. The pizza crust is weird - flatbread like and dry. DEFINITELY drizzle some olive oil over it or you'll feel like you're eating cardboard. A disappointing dinner.
1	If you like coal or brick oven pizza as I do, you would NOT like pizza here. I was very disappointed. Yeah, the square-shaped pizza was cute and creatively and all, but served lukewarm, not crispy, toppings not fresh.The only exciting thing happened while we were there:We sat by the window (the entire wall was an open window). A topless man rushed in and shouting in French which I had no clue. He made all staff came out to block him from jumping into the cashier counter. I was disappointed that no one explained to us what was happening. Anyway, the half naked man left, still with great unknown rage. And a few minutes later, a cop car pooled over like it would do in a movie. The cop car only made a noise when crossing the road (unlike any cop cars in Manhattan "alarming" all the time). Two handsome well-fitted young cops came out of the car and asked a person on the street where the man was. They ran into the pointed store across the street. I was like "so cool". My bf said at least this pizzeria offered some good view on this live cop show.
3	cute place! looks like an old car garage as in for fixing.walked by and saw square red baron like pizzas, was hungry and stopped in. the menu has a lot of options many of which are inventive little pizzas from thai styled to spanish. we went with the andalucian one, cause it reminded me of home (spain).the house red wine wasnt bad either!The pizza was good, if you like that style of pizza (frozen pizza) but want it to not suck like Red Baron. The Anadaluce was good, but i swear it had some form of sausage that wasn't chorizo, it tasted more like andoille or regular suasaginess.
3	Great service, decent food. Pizza, was subpar.. We had the veggie pizza, odd crust.. Not what we are used to in the NYC area. Pasta was very good. Might return.
2	Thin, square (that's their gimmick 'our pizza is in a square shape') dry chain-resteraunt pizza that's forgettable. Salads also uninspired.
2	This place would fair better in a town with fewer food options. The pizza is... ok. The service is plain slow. Location is great and they do have a street side terrace, just don't be in a hurry.
3	It's ok. Nothing special.
4	I liked their pizza. If you like thin crust pizza this place is for you.
5	Pizzadelic had pretty good pizza. I wouldn't say that it was amazing, but it was tasteful enough. This was one of their specialty pizzas.
2	Nice service and a good location. Unfortunately the positives end there, the pizza we had was awful, tasted like store bought frozen pizza. Also had a salad that was not good, very bitter greens and the dressing was bland. Would not recommend.
5	I absolutely loved the pizza I ordered. I got the Tyrolienne.. Mushrooms in white wine, smoked ham...The place is in a nice location, has a patio and a live DJ. I would definitely come back here the next time I'm in Montreal.
3	Nice place. Good food, DJ in place and the atmosphere was awsome. I would recommend the smoked salmon pizza.
3	Pizza was okay. Quite a lot of toppings, and the toppings were tasty (can't remember the name of the pizza, but it was the one with goat cheese, ham, figs, etc). I got the large size (11"), which was more than enough. Only complaint is that the crust/ base is pretty bad. It's like store bought pizza base. Wife got the pasta, and she mentioned that it was only okay. Location is cool, service is friendly, and they did have a DJ during dinner time (the noise level wasn't overwhelming... we were on the outside patio and didn't have to raise our voices). Also, it's pretty kid friendly. One child can get a kids pizza for $1 with purchase of an adults pizza. And they give crayons.
4	I wish there could be seasonal stars... I would give it four stars for the summer and three stars for the winter because I didn't think that either the food or the atmosphere themselves were that special, but I think it's a pretty wonderful place to sit outside and people watch with a drink and a snack when the weather is nice.The pizza is nothing to write home about, but it was definitely welcome as we were hungry and very happy to eat. Split a larger sized "Teen Spirit' which was definitely enough food for two when combined with the chorizo app and a couple of beers. If it were sightly cheaper I would be more enthusiastic but I'm not sure the quality of food really met the price.The service was fine and the restrooms were clean.
1	This was the worst pizza I've ever had.  The crust tastes like stale crackers.  The service is ok and the location is fine, somewhat up-scale fast food, but the pizza was close to inedible.  The salads (even the larger) were also quite skimpy for the price.
1	Been there with my lady for a late dinnerIt was a bad service , waited a long timeFor finally had some mistakes in the orderThe food was flat, and the music too loudGotta avoid keep avoid This place
