2	I think I went in with really high expectations & something completely different in mind.I think the best part of the musical was the beginning and the end where they perform "The Circle of Life".  Everything else was pretty... boring.  The animal costumes, stage setting, props, and lighting were pretty cool, but definitely not breathtaking.  I wanted to like it since it was Disney but I just wasn't feeling it.  Neither was my family, since my mother fell asleep at one point.  I also felt like the choreography wasn't very synchronized, which made me wonder whether or not these were the same performers from New York, who were also in Los Angeles for a brief while.I honestly think the Lion King show down in Disney World was more entertaining.  Maybe because it was a smaller venue?  Even Mamma Mia! was much more fun and interesting.  But the best Las Vegas show I've ever seen?  Celine Dion HANDS DOWN and of course, Phantom of the Opera at the Venetian.Also, the woman sitting behind me would NOT stop talking, going "ooooh", "aaaah", "so beautiful!", "amazing!", "wonderful!", etc. during the performance.  She would constantly laugh like one of the hyena's up on stage at everything Pumba and Timba were saying.  At one point, I couldn't even hear the performer's dialogue 'cause she wouldn't stop laughing.  Annoying!P.S. I'm sure if you love the animated version (which I don't), then you'll probably love this musical adaptation.  As for seating, the theatre is designed sort of like a stadium movie theatre but I recommend sitting in Section B.  I sat in Section B during Mamma Mia! and could see everything up-close so it was pretty amazing (whereas for Le Reve, the higher the seats, the better).  For The Lion King, we sat in the front section of F and although it wasn't far, I didn't enjoy it as much.
4	Awesome experience.  Definitely worth watching if you are the type that enjoys musicals and have trouble acquiring tix on broadway.  A lot of the cast here have broadway experience.  The sets and costumes are beautiful.  Downside is the cost...you're gonna pay $86++ for the cheapest seats (the upper corners of the theater might be discounted further but the view apparently isn't that good).  Kissy Simmons is great as Nala!  My tip is to sit in the $86 part of the theater somewhere in the F section rows M through P, Seats 1-20.  The view is good from this area.
5	I really enjoyed this show, more so because some moron was talking and being obnoxious and when I reported it to an usher I was moved to another location (away from my $86,00 seats (which was in the D section location, row F). 'The show is visually entertaining, the outfits colorful and the music was very engaging. Simba and Nala, the younger version and the older version were awsome. My daughter liked this show somewhat more than Mystere. I attribute it to the fact that when she was younger we had the Lion King cartoon and she was able to follow the storyline. I enjoyed this show and would see it again.
5	Awwww zimbania!  You can't get any more Broadway than the Lion King.  We were so lucky to get our tickets with a package deal through Southwest.  Our seats were super high, but we could still see the whole play.  Man as a theater minor, I just loved all the scene changes, costume design, lighting and acting.  This is a theater lovers dream creation.  The story stays true to the cartoon.  There are a couple of different songs, but they are so catchy.  It is a great play if you have kids or not, check it out.Just a side note, if you take the tram here, be sure to leave right away because it will most likely be the last one of the night after the 8pm show.
5	I think anyone who thinks this show doesn't meet expectations needs their head examined! This show is hands down one of the best in Vegas with out a doubt. I would pay to see this show again. The set designs and costumes and props were really amazing. The music and the singing was exceptional! This is a must see show. There were some smalls parts missing or trimmed down but I don't think it really made a difference. If you plan on seeing this show, plan on 2 hours of your time. This is worth seeing.
4	amazing costumes, great music, intimate theater... the show enthralled even the youngest of audience members! one of my favorite musicals... too bad tickets are so pricey.
4	We saw this production a few nights ago (10/31). There was a special code from Travelzoo where all tickets were 50% off the listed price, but only for Halloween. The night before we were at MGM Grand and saw the insane line for Will Call for Cirque du Soleil's Ka, so we went and got our tickets early before our 8pm show. Picking up the tickets at Will Call were seamless---you just need a photo ID and the credit card used to purchase the tickets. I think we picked up ours around 1:30 or 2pm.The theatre they use for Lion King is about medium-sized, so you're not supposed to have bad seats, per se. For DC area residents, I would compare the venue to the Warner Theatre, but perhaps a bit bigger. Unfortunately, our seats were waaay in the back. However, it is stadium-style seating so it's not like you won't be able to see the stage. Also, all the seats have cup holders and I saw lots of people purchasing drinks at concessions. We couldn't see all the details of the costuming since we sat so far away. However, the performers were excellent and the singing/music were great. In particular, I loved the portrayal of Scar, Timon and Pumbaa, and the kids who played Nala and Simba are adorable. My friend has seen the production in Oklahoma and we've both seen its mini version, "Festival of the Lion King" in Animal Kingdom at Disney World. She said the Vegas production was better, as she wasn't overly impressed with the show she saw in OKC. We both agreed that the new scenes were unnecessary, but otherwise, we enjoyed the show and thought we had gotten a good deal overall.For those who are going to Disney World and are planning on going to Animal Kingdom (the hottest place in Florida, it seems!) please try to see "Festival of the Lion King", which is Broadway-caliber. The only difference between this one versus Vegas is that it's a small venue and a shorter show. Additionally, that show has more audience interaction and lots of acrobatics.
4	Writing from a guy's perspective. Got 1/2 price tickets at one of those ticket booths on the strip. Went to the show. Not bad. Was pretty entertaining. My fiance loved the show. Costumes were nice, acting/singing was incredible, auditorium was modern. Overall, good time.
4	Be prepared to sit there for 3 hours...But, a good event to watch with a loved one.Don't bring your kids, they may get restless.Make sure you watch the cartoon movie beforehand to compare the similarities.
4	The Good: It's a fairly good musical.  Talented peformers, beautiful stage sets, and fantastic costume design.  They try their best to bring the film to the stage.The Bad: The first half is quite slow and even dull at some parts.  Endure because the second half is a lot better.Try: finding aisle seats.  The rows are awfully tight and it's a pain to squeeze between people.Don't Try: watching this show when you're already tired.  You will fall asleep.
4	Date: November 21, 2009Good: Similar to Aladdin show in Disneyland California, story line was about right on to the movie, the costumes for the animals were very well design and story boards props were great to help tell the story.  Bad: Pricey tickets but what you would expect for a show like this and it had new added scenes some may or may not like it. Summary: Awesome show at a nice venue would recommended it to Those who seen and enjoyed the movie.
3	As far as Vegas shows go, it's not the best.  After having seen Cirque de Soleil's Mystere and O (which, I realize, are completely different from a Broadway musical), I was ready to be dazzled.  And I wasn't.The first half of the musical dragged and felt a little lackluster.  However, I did thoroughly enjoy the second half (much better songs and dancing, more engaging story line, etc.).The price was around $60-something, and the seating was good.  The theater isn't huge, so wherever you sit, you should get a good view.All in all, it was a pretty good show, and I enjoyed it for the price.  If you liked the movie, and you don't want to go overboard with the spending (close to or over $100 for many other shows), then this show should satisfy you.
4	I had heard a lot of good reviews about The Lion King Musical.  I have seen the commercials on TV when it was around SF.  I figured I'm in Las Vegas, I should catch at least one show.  Unfortunately I did not catch any Cirque shows, but this was good.  We purchased our tickets at the half price place in the Hawaiian Tiki Area.  Then we got our vouchers exchanged for our seats.  For $65, I got to see this show like I was at Orchestra level in SF or NY.  Not bad at all.  Actually the theater was really small so all seats were good.  The songs were nothing surprising since I've heard them all with the exception of maybe 3.  The puppetry was amazing and the sets were innovative.  The only thing I would complain about was that kid Simba was not a good actor.  I cringed each time he would speak a line.  Our understudy Adult Simba was stellar!  I wouldn't say this was my favorite musical (by far Wicked is #1), but it's definitely one of those musicals which has nostalgic value and really great music.  Definitely good to see at least once.
4	This isn't the best musical I've seen.  But at the same time it was pretty amazing what they did with the backdrops, costumes, and making people into lion creatures.  Little Simba's voice kind of bothered me.  Over-enthusiasm or something.  Nala did a good job and so did large Simba.  Rafikii was definitely a hit and so was Pumba and Timone.  If you've seen the cartoon, the story line is exactly the same thing.  Maybe if it was different, I woulda been a little more captivated.
5	A wonderful show!This is not the touring company, but a resident production that will be in town (hopefully) for years to come. That tenure means that they can can do things with lighting, sets and sound  that just can't be done on the road. It is beautiful. The live, 24-piece orchestra is something that is rarely heard these days, and is a joy to experience.With only one major cut (the dreadful "Morning Report" is, thankfully, gone) the show runs just a few minutes shorter than the Broadway production.Although it is kid-friendly, this is not children's  theater, and little kids will probably find it too long and wordy. It  is - as Joseph Campbell would say - "The Hero's Journey" re-told to wonderful effect with African music and costumes. The Elton John/Tim Rice pop songs keep it accessible to a younger crowd, but adults will love the breathtaking scenery and wonderful story-telling style. Everyone likes the puppetry and mask work which harken back to the origins of theater and ritual.One of my favorite shows in Las Vegas.
2	I thought I would really like this show but it was SO BORING I kept falling asleep. I felt like I was a parent forced to watch the school play cause I had some retarded kid in it.  We ended up leaving during the intermission.  We had excellent seats-section B row N  and got the tickets for free.  The costumes were neat and there were some cool set/scenes but  I would be upset if I had paid $440 ($110 each). I would rather watch the movie any day.
5	I grew up with this movie and I love.  I think it's very hard to go from a cartoon to a musical.  The costumes was awesome.  The dancing and the story were just the way I like it.  I really love all the colorful part where Simba was growing up.  The usher was also really nice and upgraded us to aisle seats about 15 rows up from the stage :)
4	If you love the cartoon then this is the show for you, however for me I only moderately enjoy the animated version. My girlfriend and I sat in three rows from the front so we had a excellent view of everything, but the theater is small, so even the farthest seat in the corner is a decent seat. The costumes were very amazing and most of the characters voice were exactly as how I would imagine it would be, except.. Mufasa. The first half the show can be a little overwhelming if you are not a fan or familiar with the cartoon, however the second half was definitely entertaining until the end. My only peeve is that in the row behind me was a small child who was eating chocolate, would not sit down, kept coughing, and touching me, which hurt the mood a little for me. Overall this is great for families, or girlfriends who love Disney.
4	I really enjoyed this! Got tickets for a ticket booth for more than 50% off. Center stage upper level. It was very well done. The costumes, production, dancing, orchestra were all very well produced. The winner of Step It Up and Dance was also in this show. I could spot her right away because she's Asian.
5	I really love this show. It's a must see, definitely does not feel like a touring group. You will definitely be entertained. I thought the performers were awesome specially Buyi Zama as Rafiki! A must see.
4	This show took me on an emotional roller coaster ride!  The Lion King is one of my favorite Disney movies, and having heard that it's just like the cartoon, I wasn't overly excited to see it since I already knew the storyline.However, I would still catch myself laughing, getting excited, mad/sad, lovey dovey and even a bit teary eyed.  Yes, it was that intense!!!  But then again, I'm sort of a sensitive person so you might not be as moved as I was.The acting, dancing and singing were superb, except for Simba.  I thought both young and grown-up Simba could have given more powerful performances, considering they were one of the main characters.  Grown up Simba is still a hottie-patottie nonetheless.The costumes, props, and scenery were out of this world amazing!  Everything was so colorful and creative and I was very impressed with the whole show.  Watch out for the stampede scene.... it was badass!!The only thing I didn't like about it was they added random songs in the musical and I guess that was kinda cool so certain characters could have a solo, but I wasn't feeling it.  Also, I think they switched the story up a little bit because there was supposed to be some sort of love affair between Nala and Scar?  Gross-O!!!  What a rhino!Highly recommend for families, kids, lovers, friends!  It's an all around fun, fantastic show!  You won't be disappointed!!
5	I can watch this again just like Phantom. Great for kids. Good lessons, good songs, great colors, lots of animals. Ok, maybe keep kids younger than 10 away or they'd be screaming at the large animals that are not real and or yelling, "lion! Giraffe!!" etc. Production is so wonderful you just don't notice time passes so fast and it is already time for the intermission. Who knew a Disney thing can really be an adult treat too, starting at $64 up to $$113.50. Honestly, the $64 seat is JUST FINE! You will see Simba, Nahla, Poomba, etc. Their faces are pretty big and the voice is pretty loud. Acoustics are great!
5	omg, *so* much better than ka! i been waiting to watch this show for years, ever since it debuted on broadway. and it didnt disappoint! the dancing was exciting and beautiful and costumery(?) was sooo interesting and creative! so much goin on all the time with the colors and action...u'll be entertained if u like people watching bc of the number of characters and their individual dances, etc. it kept me wide awake even after one of those sleepless nites in vegas ;). as far as musicals go, it's a 4.5.
2	Seriously disappointed. Saw it at 8pm on 3/13. If you've seen the movie, don't waste your money. Over hyped and tried to be way too artsy fartsy. Seriously, there is a guys in a green suit connected to that weasel charator. Yes, I understand what they are trying to represent ,and that I'm suppose to ignore the guys, but really? I can't do it. The visuals just aren't spectacular enough for me to get past the cheesy props. Again, I understand these props are this way by design, but why? It looks stupid. One of those things I don't get, don't want to get, and kinda confused how others can get it. Hate to tear down a kid, but the understudy who played simba was so annoying that I almost walked out. My 7yo daughter gave it a "it was so-so. I liked the movie more". If your taste in musicals is similar to mine, save your money. Here is my musical bio: Les Miserable - 3 stars. Pretty boring and expected too much. Phantom of the Opera - 3.5 stars at the Pantages. Maybe a four, but the sound in there sucked. Miss Saigon - 4-4.5 stars. Entertaining and visually stunning. Wicked - 4.5-5 stars. Fun fun fun. What a great take on a classic story. Ulalena (spelling???)- 4.5 stars. Maui story about the history of Hawaii. A lot of similarities to the Lion King, but different in that it didn't suck. The story has a guys playing the nose flute for heavens sake. Disgusting, but sounds incredible.
4	The day we went, the show was stopped after the first song and put on hold for about 15 minutes due to one of the cast members falling ill and requiring a replacement. I can't imagine what performing like that twice a day nearly every day of the week must be like.. It broke the flow just a little bit, but it was still an INCREDIBLE performance. I absolutely LOVED Kissy Simmons' smooth and powerful voice (adult Nala) and both the performers who played young Simba and young Nala were very charming and talented.The costumes were incredibly stunning (especially the ones worn by the lionesses) and the set was beautiful along with all the lighting and colors used for the set.
5	This show was worth EVERY SINGLE PENNY!  If you're a big disney fan AND a musical fan..this is the perfect show for you.The costumes are elaborate and over the top incredible!  It's amazing to see the types of clothing and props they came up with to depict each animal.  I especially enjoyed the giraffe and cheetah costumes!There was some new songs added to the show that wasn't found in the movie and I enjoyed all of them!The actor that played Scar was really good and sounded just like the character from the movie!No matter what seat u purchase, you'll be able to see the whole show.  I purchased the $64 seats and thought my seats were perfect!
5	I saw this five years ago in Orange County, and thought it was amazing.  A friend of mine had some comp tickets (It's days like this I LOVE being a local), so we ended up having an impromptu attendance tonight.The show is amazing.  If you enjoy the animated film from Disney's 1990's animated modern renaissance period (come on, they admittedly had hit after hit in the early/mid 1990's), you'll love this.  The most standout parts are the lavish set design (the sets are largely "alive" and constantly on the move), the puppetry, and the costumes.  It's a quality show, and in my second time seeing this, it's still worth the watch.  The music's great, the lines are memorable, and it's a lot of fun for any age group.  Since my girl's never seen it before, it was fun watching her reactions to everything.My only issue is that one or two of the songs seemed to have gone missing.  Vegas productions have a tendency to do this as I guess they assume that the Vegas theatre goer has the attention span of a gnat and apparently think the audience can't sit through the full production.  It's not one of the songs from the movie, so you're "safe" there if you're worried one of your old favorites are gone.  But it's unfortunate.  That said, it's still a near three hour production with intermission, and the omissions don't damage the flow of the story.It's a remarkable show, packed with beautiful scenery, music, humor and drama.  If you want a quality show, this is definitely one.  Fun if you know the movie by heart, but still exceptional even if you don't.I'd go with friends to see this again if the opportunity arose, and "Thank you" to my friend who offered me the tickets.
4	I see why this is (supposedly) rated the #1 show in the world!It follows the Lion King movie to the tee, but it is still awesome to watch!The best part of the show was the innovative creativity of the costumes. It was really cool how they managed to transform people into animals and the effects they pulled off through the costumes!I'm not sure how much the tickets were (BF bought them), but it was definitely worth the trip.
4	It is almost impossible to mess this show up and the Mandalay Bay show did impress. Admittedly, the New York show is hard to match so my perception is heavily biased against the LV production.The show's production quality was good, again, a notch below the NY production, but still impressive. The acting seemed a bit flat during the first Act but certainly picked up during the second Act. It may have been an off night or a slow start. I do not want to undermine the efforts of the talent but that was my impression. Notably, the performances of Kissy Simmons and Buyi Zama (Nala and Rafiki) filled the theater with beauty and strength. They, individually, made the show worthwhile. I still laughed and became emotional during the show, so the cast did create an engaging show.I would not deem this show a reason to visit Vegas but if you are there, I would check it out. The theater is not huge so there are great seats to be had for good prices.
4	I finally got the chance to see the show and I liked it so much!I don't like the movie very much, but the show is so much more creative and imaginative than the movie.The live orchestra was very nice and the actors were good. But the costumes and the stage sets were beyond my expectation. They are so beautiful and when you see them, you will feel the love tonight!
5	It was a VERY VERY GOOD SHOW. Everyone talked about the stampede, and while that was really cool, I actually really enjoyed the night under the stars.There are 2 shows available on the weekends, and we caught the 8pm show. The doors open at 7:30, I suggest everyone get there definitely before 8, because the show starts with performers walking down the aisle to get to the stage.It was really good. I know Phantom is in town as well, so there is something besides the great cirque shows.
5	MAGICAL!I felt all sorts of emotions while watching this. I was so excited to watch this, after so many recommendations! especially since i didn't get to watch it on broadway. The opening was delightful, I just felt a gush of giddiness while watching all the animals opened the act. The costumes were spectacular! So creative, so much detail and so unique. From the stilts to the half cheetah half woman...looked a bit like doggystyle. ANYWAYS. All the animal dancing to the groove, especially the rhino and elephants.And of course their flagship songs. Circle of life, can you feel the love. All full of emotion, and hakuna matata was light and uplifting. As a kid, I was honestly not a big fan of lion king because it was too sad, but now that I'm an adult, I'm ready to embrace the sadness of the storyline. I was still sad at those parts. But the musical quickly lifted up my spirits.Young simba was full of energy. Mufasa was exactly how you would picture him, so proud and respectable. Scar was detestable the hyenas were so creepy and annoying, pumbaa and timon were so lively and hilarious. The singing was of course, nothing short of amazing. Although I did not find nala's voice that appealing, but it had a very unique style to it.The set was stunning and enchanting. The moving grass, the puppetry, everything added distinctive touch to it. Everything was brilliantly executed!Definitely watch the show! I got pretty good seats. Towards the back of center stage. There's no balcony. I think any farther I wouldn't have enjoyed the show as much.Tip: try to find discounts? When I got the tickets, it was $88+15 for B sections! pretty good!Favourites: set, music, acting, costumesDo not want: n/aLast words: Exceptional!
5	LOVE IT!We ordered our tickets online and got a free upgrade to the VIP ticket area. I guess you could really sit anywhere in the theatre and get a good seat but I really think it's worth it to sit around the center area. They do alot of stuff in the aisles so it's nice to see things up close. Costumes and all the music is awesome! The little kids that perform are wonderful!!! The stage isn't very large but the way that they change the scenery is very artistic!!
5	We went to see Lion King with my friends and had a blast. We loved the whole show. I loved the different costumes and the mutliple colors that they used. We loved the music and the scenery. We could not take any pictures because the folks there asked that no pictures or videos be taken. Dang it... I so wanted to take pics and video clips. My son sang right along with the performance and danced in his chair. This was our first time going to a performance such as this, but won't be the last.
5	Such a great show! If you're a fan of Disney, you need to watch this show.It's amazing to see the adaptation, interpretation, creativity, and talent this show has to offer. You have some idea of what to expect from the movie but it keeps you wondering how certain scenes translates to on stage.Biggest surprise was Rafiki being a woman. My favorite costumes were the hyenas but Timon and Pumba stole the show!
4	I totally loved this show.  I really can't describe how much I liked it.  It's really neat the way they use the puppets.  So unique.  I've been wanting to see this show for years and I finally got the chance.  It's totally worth seeing.  The theater they have it in at Mandalay Bay isn't too big, so even the lesser-priced tickets are still good seats.  We went for the middle priced tickets towards the sides of the theater and still had a great view of the show.  I definitely recommend for both kids and adults.  Even my grumpy husband liked it.  My only tip is to make sure you arrive early.  If the show starts, you have to find your seat in the dark and the usher will make you wait a bit before showing you to your seat.  Plus it's disrupting to people already seated.
5	A-flippin-mazing.We had fifth row seats. I could see the beads of sweat dripping off Simba's chest as he sang and danced. I was pretty excited at first at how the script was verbatim with the actual movie. Then they switched it up in the second half with the whole Nala and Scar thing. Like they thought a Disney dweeb like myself wouldn't notice. Tsk tsk. Other than that, the singing is absolutely beautiful and totally on point. Our seats were $179. Yeah I know. Seriously; however, I'm sure the show would still have been amazing in the less than $100 seats. Some of the only cons were: the bathrooms were extremely crowded during intermission and the the nearest ones after that were ridiculously far away. In keeping with the Disney theme, waters are extremely pricey to buy as well. Maybe bring your own if the casinos have already raped your wallet?
5	AMAZING! I absolutely LOVED the movie, but this show is on a whole different level. What made the experience better was we got really good seat! on Vegas.com they have a free seat upgrade deal which I highly recommend you take advantage of. The talent of every performer was amazing, from the leads to the supporting cast. The stage technology was also VERY impressive. I have somewhat of a theatre background and to see what they accomplish during the show through moveable sets and props is just crazy. The adaptation from a cartoon film to live theatre couldn't have been better. I think the only thing that bothered me was the additional songs that weren't originally from the movie.....maybe I'm a little bit biased for those good ol' disney songs but they just didn't have that special disney-ness to them.
5	Absolutely breathtaking...I have been wanting to see this show for years! But the hubby always somehow manages to get another show booked. But this time, it was my birthday and some friends bought my tickey so HA! So the show pretty much follows the movie to a T. Which I LOVED, cause I know the movie and all the songs like the back of my hand.  And just like when I watch the movie, I always cry..so yes, silly me cried...blah blah blah..ANYWAYS...back to the show.  The performers were so beautiful and their voices so strong and moving. Rafiki was my fav! She was a force to be reckoned with! The hairs on my arm were standing on end with each crisp and strong note. And don't get me started on the costumes and stage design. So much detail and color...It was like watching a tennis match trying to take in all the performers' costumes. This was a perfect end to a wonderful weekend in Vegas....and the hubby liked it too :)
4	So when your cheap ass decides that taking in a show in Vegas doesn't mean walking up and down the strip and watching a volcano, some water fly up and down, and some half naked sirens dancing in strobe lights, take in the Lion King at Mandalay Bay. Marketed as the #1 show in Las Vegas or something to that point, I was wondering whether or not we could score a deal (seeing as though we were in Las Vegas for a weekend, in the middle of the summer season), or if it would be sold out. Went to the box office on a Saturday morning and scored some tickets for the 8PM show that night. Awesome deal they have if you're a (broke) college student like myself. Same day tickets are $20 with college ID!! (2 per ID.) You have to ask for the college thing, otherwise they will suck you into their regular price range (starts around $70 I think) without skipping a heartbeat.  We got awesome seats dead center which were normally around $100 for only $20 + LET! Great steal. The show itself was alright. The orchestra was great, and the stage scenery was pure Disney, with the use of hydraulics to raise Pride Rock from the stage floor, amazing! Timon and Pumbaa were quite funny, probably the highlight of the show. It follows the movie to point, other than the Scar-Nala thing that others mentioned. There were minor annoyances like crying babies, cell phones going off periodically. The group sitting behind us seemed bored, because they were yawning (the LOUD yawns with the huffing and mumbling and all) throughout. The couple in front of us, left at intermission and didn't return. So I guess it's each to their own. I for one couldn't get over the fact that I paid $20 while people sitting BEHIND me paid $90-100 for the seats. (Even those who went for Half Price Tixfor2nite, I saw Lion King listed for over $50)  Do not miss out on this steal of a deal.  For a mid-summer, Saturday, 8PM show, it was not even close to full, there were so many available seats, so Hakuna Matata, I suggest you go for same day tickets and save some for the blackjack mesas.
4	I'm not a fan of the movie, but I was very impressed with the show!  Way better than I had initially expected.  The costumes are very impressive and the lady who played Rafiki is EXCELLENT!!!
2	I was so excited to see this play and I was actually quite disappointed.The singers in the lion king were sup-par at best. The only singer who really had a voice was the baboon character. The younger actors had the same issue - young Nala had to support young Simba by singing louder than him because he could not get the right notes and harmonies. The costumes and dancers were great, and it wasn't boring, but I was just so dissapointed by the songs - which have been my favorite since I was a little girl.
4	It's been years since I've seen the movie, but from what I remember this stage show does a fabulous job of translating the story and music to a live performance. The costumes alone are worth the ticket price. It's a visually stunning show that kept my son captivated throughout the entire performance. There were a couple parts that were a little slow, in my opinion, but other scenes more than made up for it. The two kids playing Simba and Nala were really cute and the performances by the three hyenas, Timon, and Pumbaa were very entertaining.This show is great for anyone who enjoyed the cartoon and is one of the best shows on the strip for kids. If you're going to buy tickets check out the Tix4Tonight booths up and down the strip to get discounted prices. You'll be able to get them for a same day performance or sometimes for the night after. The theater is fairly small so there really isn't a bad seat in the house.
4	I remember when I first heard of the Lion King stage show I thought 'hmm, thats kind of cheesy' and then more and more friends would tell 'omg, its an incredible show, you have to check it out!.  Once again I thought 'um...really?  I can't picture it...'  And for some reason none of the promo still shots really wow'ed me either.Ok so cut to early this year on a previous trip to Vegas, I decided to catch the show w a friend after multiple recommendations and all I can say is'Wow, what a fantastic stage production and fun show to boot.'  They capture all the raw emotion and tear jerking moments of the animated film, and do a wonderful visual translation that is graceful, beautiful, and funny, at the same time.The theater in in the Mandalay Bay is great and I had seats in the main floor section about 20 rows back from the stage, and way off to the side, yet I could see all of the show without any problem.  I don't think there are any bad views in the house.  Plus the show is a fully immersive experience as dancers, actors and singers will pop out from all sides of the theater, not just restrict themselves to the stage.  I'm not sure if this is just a Vegas thing or they do this in the other stage shows as well, but it definitely has a Cirque du Soleil feel to it.They use multiple techniques to capture the look of the animated animals of the African plains and all of them are ingenious and creative, down to the purely symbolic sylized costumes of the Lion characters with their cool retractable masks that don't hinder choreography & dance, to the fully translated cartoony full outfits of Timon & Poomba and the Hyenas, to what has to be my favorite, the stunt stilt walkers in their FULL SCALE giraffe outfits, you have to see how they do it to understand, it's amazing to see.Story and musical score is essentially the same, but with the Mandrill baboon character being elevated to one of the star cast members taking the place of some of the background vocals and narrator.  The actress who portrayed her (they changed from male to female) is simply amazing and the actors who played adult Simba, Simba's father and Scar are great as well.  You have to see this show if you loved the movie, and even if you haven't go see it anyway!  It'll probably inspire you to go rent the movie even if you don't have any kids.
2	This is only my second review because normally Yelpers get things right and it may have been that we had already seen two other GREAT shows that this one disappointed me so much but here it goes.  The only reason I gave it two stars instead of one is because I think it would be a good show to take your family if you were visiting Vegas with kids in tow and another Yelper did warn me about the head masks. So here is a run down on why it disappointed:Venue: the place was small and the seats on the far right and left sides weren't great mostly because of the positioning of the blinding lights (when people fall off cliffs you will know what I mean).  This place felt like a mix between an high school gym and an old movie theater and about 60% of the show felt like a high school production.Sound: At times the sound coming from mics would crack and the orchestra that seemed to be live (because I saw a conductor) sounded old.  I can't recall who was playing adult Simba that night and it could have been the mics but there were times that he sounded off key and Nala would belt too loud causing funny noises.Lights: For those of us sitting off to the side the lights were blinding at times.Bathroom: They are far, lines are long, and intermission is only 15mins.  So go before the show.Concession stand: Pretty standard menu of candy's, liquor, pretzels and chips but they ran out of most snacks pretty fast.Best parts of the show: seeing all of the non-main character animal costumes in the begging and at the end of the show and Timon and Pumba.Stars of the show: Timon, Pumba, Raffiki, and Scar.So to close if you are looking for an impressive Vegas show pick something else like Le Reve but if you are in need of something basic the family can watch......this is the show for you.  I hope this review was helpful.
5	we got comped 4th row tickets and we were thrilled to watch it. from the very moment rafiki gets on stage and starts the first song, i was mesmerized. it was simply stunning. i've watched o and ka and the night before we watched the blue man group and none of them can even compare to the lion king. loved it.
4	I saw Lion King for the 2nd time in Las Vegas tonight.  It was a KNPR benefit and the seat was good at a great price--all to benefit KNPR.  I remember being wowed by this show when I first saw it on Broadway.  I am delighted that the Las Vegas production is the same as the original without being dumbed down for visitors who need to get back to the tables or to their drinking.  Having an intermission is such a great theatre tradition and intact for this show.The costumes, acting, singing, and musicians are fantastic.  The placement of some percussion players on both side walls gave a stereo affect several times.I didn't give the show 5 stars because I think there are sections that could be tightened up to move the story along.  This is a problem with the script, not the Las Vegas production.I'll see the show again before it ends its Las Vegas run.
5	So I saw this play a few months back and it just dawned on me that I should yelp about it!PHENOMENAL!!! I even went the extra lengths to look up how to correctly spell the word "phenomenal" for this one! That's right, TOTALLY worth the $$$ if I do say so myself. I am not a fan of musicals (at all) but I have always been a fan of the Disney Classic so I went with some amazing friends and had the time of my life.I am not one to be easily moved by, well, much of anything, but the opening "scene" took my breath away and yes, a liquid substance did in fact form in my eyes. Now, if anything can make me tear up it MUST be pretty amazing..just sayin.  I've watched the starving children commercials a zillion times and nothing..but Lion King the musical did the trick, ha!Seriously, if you have the funds and you have the time, check it out. The costumes are beautiful, music is fantastic, and the set designs were beyond perfect. Take my word as a musical skeptic, this one is worth it!
5	I went in thinking the show would be 90 minutes and just another abridged version of an NYC Broadwayesque show but this was truly the real deal.  Almost 2.5 hours including the intermission.  We sat in the 2nd best viewing area, aisle seats stage left.  They were great!  It made it easy to see all the cool performers coming down the aisles during segments of the show.  Lotsa standout performances with Buyi Zama as Rifiki totally blowing me away.  The costumes were really unique and creative.There are usually great deals for tix at www.smartervegas.com so check that out before buying somewhere else  I don't think the "best" seating area is worth the price..I'd rather save that money for dinner at Stripsteak before/after the show.  And although its a Disney show etc..good luck keeping your under 10 year old kid awake through the whole show as it is pretty long.  I saw a bunch of kids snoozing in the 2nd half of the show and that's just wasted money for parents.
5	Great show. Incredible. I saw it on Broadway back about 9 years ago and it was as good or better here in Vegas. The cast were so talented. We had real good seats a few rows up dead center. The sound was loud but clear and powerful. The actors truly seemed to enjoy performing this thing night after night. I would highly recommend this show to any with interest in seeing it.
5	Amazing.  Go see it.  Take your kids to see it.  Worth every penny.
4	I came here for my 25th birthday with my fiance. (We had dinner at Stripsteak first). The moment the show begins, it feels like the stage has transformed into a piece of Africa. The costume and stage design was amazing. Its just amazing the energy of each performer into their animal being.There are 2 main drummers that basically drive whole melody and music together with beautiful harmonies of the performers. It truly gives such an authentic african music sound.   What I also love about the show is the soul these performers put into their singing and their choreo, to capture the essence of the animal movements. The storyline is ALMOST verbatim from the movie. But because of the stage changes and the intermissions, this show can be quite long  The show starts at 8pm and if you have kids, I would recommend either another activity, or make sure they had a nap prior.
4	I saw this years ago at Disney World, before it was brought to Broadway and it certainly lived up to my prior experience.  I do however agreee with an earlier review that there are some parts that could be improve upon.  But definately I will see it again!!!
4	Awesome show! The artistry was amazing. Each person on the stage made all the scenes come alive. People dressed up to look like grass, trees, and of course Pumba (He's my fave). I would recommend this show - We didn't have the best seats but it was still great from the back of the theatre!
3	I'm sure this would be better if it wasn't on the same street as O or Kah. The creativity deserves a 5 star, but I give it a 3 because its not very Vegas.
4	The show deserves the acclaim that it gets for the fantastical costumes and puppetry.  The creative vision of the choreographers and directors is amazing, I wish I had that kind of creativity to have the vision to morph humans into animal form while embracing the human performing artist underneath.  They don't hide the humans with full body coverings, but more accurately accentuated their form into their characters. This stage version stays true to the movie (the script is essentially the movie verbatum) with some added flair for stage (a few new songs).  I felt "meh" about the new songs, performed mostly in Broadway style, but what blew me away and made this show "worth it" for me was the incorporation of the powerful African music.  The power of their voices takes my breath away and makes me forget that I was in a theater in Mandalay Bay.  It made me yearn for more African performers to come to Vegas.  I was surprisingly impressed by the show.  It's not just another Disney production.
5	I saw this show in July (can't believe I didn't review it then) with my BF, a 17 year old and my 7 year old nephew and we all loved it.  Everything about this show was awesome.  We got a deal on tickets and had front row seats.  However, when we showed up, we were told our four seats were broken and were moved back three rows.  At first, I was ticked until the show started and I realized the third row was better than the first!  Could see everything much better.  If you have the choice, I would recommend not going front row for this reason.  I've never seen a show on Broadway, but this show can't be that much different.  The sheer amount of creativity in the costumes alone is incredible.  The music is fantastic, loved all the actors with the exception of baby Simba.  I am probably awful for criticizing a child actor, but he was not a great singer and a little annoying.  Hope I don't get struck by lightning now!   If you love Pumba in the movie, wait until this show!  When I was a young warthooogg . . .Highly recommend this show!
5	"mufasa", "ooo... say it again", "mufasa... MUFASA, MUFASA, MUFASA" , "OOO! IT TINGLES!"This is a great show!  live music, wonderful singing, beautiful costumes what more can you ask for?  The actors really brought the characters alive and i couldn't decide who was my favorite because they were all excellent. Remember to check Travelzoo regularly because they often have awesome deals (that's were we got our tics)  Hakuna Matata!
5	People of all ages would appreciate this Musical. Right after the Show. I could see Big Amazing Smile from Kids. Telling their Mom and Pop how they Love to see Simba...It Touches Heart of the Audience. This Musical has a Meaning.....Good for Kids and Adults that has kids at Heart....Kudos to the CAST !!!
5	The Lion King was SO GOOD!! I've always wanted to watch this performance but missed it when it was in SF. I wanted to watch it in Vegas but my friend's sister who watched the show in NY said it wasn't that good and was not worth going :( Good thing I found a good deal and got another friend to go with me! We paid $99 each (including service fee) for Category 3, upgrade to Category 2 seating. Ok...not bad, right? No, it was GREAT!!!!!!!!!! Turns out we got upgraded to Cateogry 1!!! We were sitting smack on the 2nd row!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And we sat near the isle and saw the performers come down the stage. It was so awesome! I mean, we were so close to the stage that I could see Simba's big muslces and sweat (I wanted to throw him a towel) and there was this really HOT asian dancer that was kinda distracting me from watching the whole performance...hahaha but I digressIf you're in Vegas, this show is a definite must see (and I'm not saying this because I was seating so close and got to see hot men sing and dance). I love the costumes and the whole performance. The cast did an amazing job! From the hiena to the cute little elephant girl. Excellent show. Wonderful time! Here's the link where we bought our tickets from: http://www.bestofvegas.com/Shows-Tickets/purchase_show_tickets.php?bov_id=88&sDate=2010-11-21&sTime=20:00:00 The couple who sat next to us got their tickets for $180 each! While we only paid half the price! SCORE!
5	It was such a fun show to watch! The costumes were so creative and beautifully detailed! The acting, singing, and dancing- the visual creativity of it all had me feeling like a kid again. Loved it!
4	To be honest, I was a little disappointed with The Lion King. I still enjoyed it, but it is not in my list of favorite musicals or favorite shows on the strip.The show itself is well put together. The sets didn't blow me away, but they are creatively designed and serve their purpose well. The costumes and puppets are outstanding with their vibrant and playful colors. They really hold your attention. The performers are fantastic. I was impressed by the vocal talent presented on stage. The main roles are all played with charm and charisma. Timon and Pumbaa are as funny as you would expect. Mufasa is fatherly. Scar is sinister. Simba is youthful. The orchestra and background singers are also top notch.My main disappointments are with the music and the overall emotion of the story. Outside of the main songs for which the film is known, the compositions fall a little short. Even the film's big hits don't quite hit. (Though I must admit, I currently have "I Just Can't Wait To Be King" stuck in my head). The highlight for me was the opening "Circle Of Life" performance and the various African ensembles. They really capture the heart and soul of the setting.As for the emotion of the story, it's just difficult to recreate what the film does so well. A great example is when Simba looks in the water and sees his reflection. That is an incredibly powerful scene that doesn't work as well on stage. It might be unfair to compare the musical to the film, but that is the perspective I'm coming from.Having said all that, I've decided to give The Lion King four stars. The overall show is definitely worthy of more than three. I should also mention that I did not pay for tickets; I used houseseats. (I actually signed up for houseseats specifically because I heard tickets for The Lion King showed up last month).
5	An amazing show unlike any I have seen. Choreography and costumes are the highlights it this great musical. Mandalay Bay theater is very comfortable with good space between rows, a good slope which allows all to see.seats even have cup holders.
3	I've been a disney fan since the day I could speak.  Like literally, It's a small world was the only song I could sing.  And being such a fan of Disney and their work, I was highly disappointed with this musical.  I tried not to expect to much, but I felt that it just didn't please me.  Ok, I'll admit....the opening scene was good.  It made me feel like a kid again, with everything going on and the singing.  It just sounded like the real deal.  And as soon as the Circle of life ended, the curtains went up and the act that followed was a disappointment.  I felt that they could've used the stage more, there was a lot of open space and nothing was there to fill it.  Not even the props.  The use of the animals, and the paper stuff was a disappointment.  I kind of thought it was ghetto, no offense.  I thought that since it was the Lion King, they'd be as creative as the movie.  The actors were good, and the singing was great.  But the visual aspect about it wasn't.  I hope that they find ways to improve this show, and live up to the name.  I feel like Vegas didn't do it justice.  I have no idea how the shows are elsewhere, but this one I found very disappointing.  Luckily, I didn't pay for my ticket.  I got comp'd!
5	I was a little hesitant about seeing another Disney Broadway production. My last experience was Mary Poppins and which was just OK.  I have to say, this was a great great show and I'd highly recommend it.  It follows the movie very closely with the exception of a couple new songs.  The costumes were outstanding.  They were so creative and colorful and the venue at Mandalay Bay was very nice too.  The actors were amazing and their voices just blew me away.  Wow.
5	Can I say, AMAZING?  Okay, you have to use your creativity and imagination, but it is amazing!
2	2.5 hours long. I love The Lion King movie. One of my favorite animated films of all time. Soundtrack is one of my faves as well. But besides the costumes and stage, it felt like i was watching the movie all over again. So unless your a super fan of the movie and want to sit down for over 2 hours,  I suggest you skip on this. I suggest cheaper shows such as Mystere over at TI.
3	Went to see The Lion King at Mandalay Bay in Vegas.  Got my ticket on Sat 12/25/10 at the box office Mandalay Bay.  Hoped to see this show forever and the lady was very helpful in getting us good seats.  We got seats: Section E Row J Seats 16 & 17.  17 is an aisle seat which I got.  It's pretty far back, but we could still see ok - not the face, but the costumes ok.  Tickets were base $80 + Fac fee $3.5 + LET $8 = $91.50 x 2 + additional $4 serv fee =$187 for 2 tickets!  Charge it!Casual Dress.If you buy a drink at the bar, you can bring it inside the theater.  They even have a cupholder for your drink.Story is the same as the movie.  I like Circle of Life Scene 1; Hakuna Matata - Scene 13. then 15 min intermission.  Bathrooms: Best to go outside in the Casino past The Lion King Store on the Left.  Lots of bathroom stalls there.  Bathrooms in the lobby didn't check out but lines were long.Not recommended going during Xmas/New Years cuz very popular & no discounts.  Maybe after New Years can get discounts.  Might be worth seeing if you like cheesy musicals.
3	I have seen the Lion King broadway show in New York and was thoroughly impressed (though I was in 8th grade). Consequently I was very excited when my family purchased tickets to see the Lion King at Mandalay Bay.To sum everything up, the musical was almost the movie word for word (besides a little twist with scar and nala which I found kind of gross...) Although I loved the movie, I wish they deviated more from the plot and added more songs. One of my favorite songs was actually not in the original movie.Also, the singing and dancing in the Las Vegas version does not compare to that of the New York version. To top everything off my little sister and I caught a ton of mistakes made by the cast, which made me think they were not very well rehearsed.Anyways, maybe I'm being super nitpicky about the show, but I don't think I would recommend this to a friend.If you do decide to watch the show, be prepared, because the first half is kind of long (and not as exciting as I would have hoped). However, the second half was significantly better. (The guy in front of me left at the intermission, I'm assuming because he didn't enjoy the first half. However, he definitely missed out on a better second half. I didn't mind, though, because my view was better without his head blocking the way (: )
3	The show itself is worthy of four stars. Unfortunately the experience we had with the hotel (see Mandalay Bay review) dropped it down to three.The costumes are awesome. The casting was also great. The guy who played Pumba was born for the roll. There were some issues with young Nala's microphone at the beginning but besides that the sound was really good.Here's my word of advice: splurge on the best seats you can get. We sat in the farthest row in the first act and then moved to the fifth row from the stage before the second act and it's a COMPLETELY different experience. It's well worth the extra money, I promise.
4	I really liked this show.  Especially for $25!  Yes my husband is a poor student, so we asked for the student discount and we got 2 tics for $25ea. (Thanks yelpers!)  The characters were all very well played and the music was great.  There is an intermission, but run to the restroom immediatlely if you need it, cause it's outside the theater and the line gets long.  Couldn't have seen anything on the strip for the price we paid, but I wouldn't splurge on the most expensive seats for this show, as they are all pretty good.
3	We took advantage of the 2-for-1 locals deal (good until 3/15) and caught the show before it closes later this year. Normally, I'm a fan of the full-length broadway shows, but while it was an enjoyable production, but I felt like it could have been shortened to a 90-minute show. Fun for all ages, recommended if you liked the animated Disney film.
4	Amazing costumes are not the only thing that makes the Lion King a worthwhile production. The music, sets, and choreography are also extremely impressive here. The first scene in the play is by far the best. The audience's senses are bombarded with stunning visuals from all over. Actors in animal costumes are dancing in the balconies, coming down the aisles, and across the stage. The movie is one of my all time favorite Disney features, so I was very excited to feel like a little kid again. I really tried to lose myself in the fantasy of it all, but honestly my interest dwindled as the play progressed. The best part of this play for me was observing the young families by my side. I am not a parent, but hope to be one day. When you aren't around little kids often, you forget how amazing it is to see true wonder and happiness in their eyes. My girlfriend was equally entertained by the adorable little ones in the audience. As the actors paraded and moved about the theater, the excitement and curiosity in the eyes of young viewers was priceless. It almost made me sad to think that all of us have that inner child just screaming to get out and play. I could not find mine during the lion king, but was at least reminded that he exists. If you have children, and are looking for a wonderful, family-friendly experience, bring them to the Lion King. It's some of the most wholesome family fun to be had in Vegas. Avoid the insanely overpriced gift shop outside the theater though, even the Disney store is better priced than this money magnet.
3	This was the first broadway style show Ive ever seen and it was good but I didnt like it as much as I thought I would. COLLEGE STUDENTS can get tickets for $25/ticket for showing your ID at the box office. It is a great value. I woulda been pissed if I paid full price. This made it worth it for us.
5	loved this show! the costumes were amazing, the performers were amazing. GO. SEE. IT. NOW. =)
4	I grew up LOVING Lion King. It was my all-time favorite Disney movie so of course, that's an automatic 3 stars for this show. The costumes and the singing gave it another star. The ONLY reason why I docked it one point is because i kind of wished they could've twisted the story a teeny bit and added more humor into it. :)
4	excellent, just like the one in New York, but the kids in New York sang a little better to me then the one in Vegas. Over all it was still good. Sat in 10th row on the side but tickets were only $58 bucks. They always have deals so just wait instead of paying $120.
5	Simply amazing...I don't know what took me so long to see this show.  It's a must see for sure!!! The acting was INCREDIBLE, the music AMAZING, the songs are CLASSIC yet still so INNOVATIVE/MODERN...wow... just wow.Be prepared to be dazzled.
4	The COSTUME, the MUSIC, the STAGE was absolutely A-MA-ZING!! So why not 5 stars? I thought overall the show was a bit slowww. They could've cut out some of the scenes and shorten some of the song numbers.I did enjoy the show overall and got a great price for the tickets so it was worth every penny =DRating for RAFIKI's singing: 10 million stars. She blew me away and gave me chills when she sang, seriously. I would definitely recommend this show but don't pay full price, I see discounts/promotions for this show all the time.
5	This is my second time seeing the Lion King and it's just as amazing as the first time. Luckily for us, we are locals so we were able to find a steal on the tickets. The seats were basically in the first section, center stage for more than half the price! Just make sure to shop a little if you plan on going.The music, stage, and performers were all amazing. They definitely did the movie justice, if not made it even better! This still is my favorite theater show. I have been to a few other shows out here in Vegas and would recommend this show over some of the other cirque de soleil if you are into musicals. It's unique, fun, and the number one show in the world. =)Go watch it!
3	Great show but I don't know if I would see it again.  The theater was very nice.  Our seats were too far away.  I think we would've enjoyed it more if the seat was in a better location.  The costumes and music was great.  We saw the 8 o'clock show and I was dozing off during the first half of the show.  We had to go get drinks and popcorn during intermission.  The expensive popcorn was not very tasty at all.
5	WOWza! Being a HUGE lion king fan, i was really looking forward to this! Everything about this show was perfect- set design, music, characters, etc.. it was ALL amazing. This is definitely a must see show in Vegas! It's great for little kids and it's great for adults, that is.. if you're into the movie like i am. I also got a great deal for front row seats on Travelzoo.. check it out!
4	Amazing. Simply amazing. Okay, let me go over the cons first: Mufasa's actor was a bit stiff. He wasn't at all bad, as Mufasa IS a serious character but he talked and acted a little too robotic for me. Also, where on Earth did the whole "SCAR WANTS NALA TO BE HIS BRIDE" thing come from? That totally caught me off guard, and was also really creepy. Anyways, the opening was mesmerizing. Everything from the opening chant (which is the same as the film) to the players in animal costumes parading down the aisles. Can't lie, I really think Rifiki works better as a female character (and the lady who plays Rifiki, Buyi Zama, always kept the audience in stitches). There were some things which unfortunately just didn't translate very well to stage at all (see the infamous wildebeest sequence and the climatic conflict between Scar and Simba towards the end), but I'll let that pass as they did the best with what they had. The guy who portrayed Scar was faithful to the role but managed to add an extra dose of humor (and flamboyance) to his character and kid Simba's actor is so adorable (along with the fact that he did a fantastic job). It can be a little slow in some parts, but I really did like all of the added elements (minus the whole Scar/Nala thing). The costumes are eccentric, but impressive. The choreography is downright stunning. It's a shame the show is closing at the end of this year (to be replaced with a Michael Jackson Cirque show. Love MJ, but still). I think they should just open up somewhere else (because the Theater at MB had very uncomfortable seats and felt really cramped). If you want to see it, do it now, before it's gone.
4	I've always wanted to see the Lion King on stage since I've always heard good things about it from friends. I loved the movie and I suspect there wouldn't be anything I'd dislike about this show.The opening was simply marvelous with all the colors, costumes, choreography tied together with the music. It brought me back to when I was 8 years old again. I loved it! But as the show went on, I began to realize that it was too much like the movie. It left no excitement for me since I already knew what was going to happen. Aside from some small minor changes, it was like watching the movie again.The theater was cramped and the snacks were ridiculously expensive. Was it me or did the small bag of $4 "gourmet popcorn" taste dry as if it's been bagged 5 days ago?Although I would've liked to see a little more difference between the movie and the broadway, I thought the show was a good show. The Lion King is a great story and told wonderfully whether through a movie or a broadway show. All in all, I am glad that I was able to catch it before it's cancellation and I think that anyone who's a fan of the Lion King should, it's worth it.
4	great show!must see!
5	Just seeing this musical gave me the chills. I remembered watching the movie when it came out and I was only like 8 years old so this brought back tons of memories.Stadium seating, chairs recline, and the sound here is awesome. The stage looked small but it was perfect. They do follow the movie on most of the scenes and some of the music. Some, they actually added themselves and some were unnecessary.There were funny parts as well sad parts. I actually got teary eyed haha...The show itself is 2.5 hours long with an intermission.
5	Cool show, stage, costumes, music, EVERYTHING!!  It's been ages since I've watched the movie, almost forgot what it was about!  Some parts totally brought back images from the movie.Yes, I cried when Simba was singing about his dad and how he was supposed to always be there for him!  WAAAAAAH!!!  I loved the "Can you feel the love tonight" song and scene!
5	Great show. Definitely recommended. This is (almost) word-for-word like the Disney movie, but they add a few more musical pieces to spice it up. Yes- it was LONG. I have a pretty long attention span for shows/movies but thank god for the intermission because too much of even a good thing can get...u know. Rafiki did an excellent job! Def. my favorite performer of the night.
5	AMAZING! That's all I can say. I have been wanting to see this and just couldn't quite swing the tickets. After finding a locals only deal I was able to get mezzanine seats for the whole family. THIS SHOW was amazing and would be worth paying FULL PRICE! I'm sad that it's leaving town, but so glad I was finally able to go see it!
5	This show is amazing and worth every penny! The costumes are great and the voices were incredible. If you are able to pick your seats I suggest choosing an aisle seat on the left side facing the stage in the first section. Some of the characters go down the aisle in their costumes and it's really awesome to see up close.
5	WOW...where to start....the performance was absolutely wonderful!  We've seen quite a few of the shows around town, and this one is definitely in the top.  The costumes were brilliant and took my breath away...we were sitting on an aisle seat, which gives you an advantage of seeing the costumes closer up.  The singer were amazing also...they really make the show.  I think my favorite was Rafiki...they did a great job portraying this character.  Yes, it's three hours but you'll be entertained the entire time, plus you get an intermission.I highly recommend this performance and it's good for all ages.  If you have the chance to go see The Lion King you should take it!
5	Amazing show ! definitely more than I expected. Loved the lighting, the costumes, actors, and all of the elements that made this show top notch! MUST SEE
4	I brought my BF to the show as a anniversary present. I will echo others that this was well casted with not really a weak character. In particular,, Rafiki was amazing. Her vocals were powerful and her character was just plain silly. I appreciate that even though some of the costumes were innovative (but using some traditional textile patterns), some were traditional clothing of African tribe like some of the male dancers had on  Basotho "shorts". There's a respect to the continent it is set on. It's also cool that instead of just going all out for all the fanciment, some parts of story telling was using old world ways like shadow puppetry or emphasizing how "alive" the jungle is by making leaves and grass as moving people. The pacing in certain parts are a bit slow, but they are following a story line that is fairly long. A few parts could have been trimmed up. There are some things too that just don't adapt from a well known movie to a stage like the power of Simba seeing his reflection blend with his fathers in the water (and realizing he is still with him) or the peril of baby Simba being chased by wildebeast and having to run from the hyenas.  I also didn't get the whole Scar needs a bride thing that was added in...the song was just plain, "cub chaser" creepy. My favorite was the "Circle of Life" opening and also the people dancing and singing African songs at the water. Currently there's a locals 50% off discount so it's a great opportunity to go.  I was going to see it years ago in LA, and I ended up with Strep throat and was disappointed when it was gone. I'm happy we got to see this before it goes this year.I think if you have the opportunity, get tickets.
5	Growing up I've had fond memories of popping this movie into my grandma's VHS player whenever I came over to visit. I've always loved this movie, and I was excited when I got the chance to watch it this past summer. I went with my girlfriend at the time, and we had a really fun time. The costumes were amazing and the singing was great. It was really creative and fun to watch, even though I already seen the movie millions of times.
5	This show is still great in 2011 as it was back in 2001.  It's by far one of the best musicals based on an a animated movie.  This is a must see if you haven't seen it.  It's also good for kids.
5	Fun show, very entertaining. Scar's an asshole.
4	Hakuna Matata!  I can't believe that this is their last year playing in Vegas!  This is a must see experience if you have never seen The Lion King.  The best part about this show is that it overcomes the language barriers!  If you can understand visual nonverbal communication, then it is very hard to miss the narratives that are taking place here!  Beautiful performance!
4	Casts are wonderful. Would be a fun show to watch for "family"I thought it was a 3 star, but the casts pulled in an extra star for their performance.
4	This was my fifth time seeing The Lion King!Great performance. I wish they didn't take out "The Morning Report" though. If you haven't seen The Lion King, you should! More than 50 million people worldwide have come to discover the wonder, majesty, and truly one-of-a-kind experience that is THE LION KING. The critically acclaimed production is visually stunning, technically astounding and features a musical score like none other you've ever heard.
3	There are better shows in Vegas or elsewhere, but the animal costumes are really cool. That part is actually better than the show itself. If you've seen the movie, you know the story. I think kids would especially love this and others looking for a family-friendly show in vegas.
5	This is a great show for the entire family. The costumes are spectacular, the set design simple but imaginative, the performances were all strong, the singing was a joy, and the music is Oscar winning. What's not to like? The theatre is one large bowl, without balcony, and there really are very few poor seats in the house. Acoustics were superb. About 16 years ago I watched the VHS tape of this movie about 100 times when my favorite relative was a toddler. Consequently, I know the story, the music, just about every line. The show plays very true to that movie, with a few minor adjustments, but otherwise, you will recognize each scene if you've seen the movie. They even cast the performers with voices very close to the original sound. Maybe not quite James Earl Jones as Mufasa and Whoopie Goldberg as the lead Hyena, but pretty close. Scar sounds like Jeremy Irons, Kimba and Nala sound similar, even the Toucan Zazu has the same British accent as the Disney movie, and you'd swear the Warthog Pumbaa was Ernie Sabella and the Meer Cat Timone was Nathan Lane I loved the rich African singing, colors, and drum beats. The chorus was full of African performers, supplementing the mostly American lead performers with a rich undertone of African harmonies in the larger numbers, with great Swahili chorals.  This opened on Broadway back in 1997 and won 6 Tony Awards, and has been here in Vegas at least 5 years. As I recall, songwriters Elton John and Tim Rice won an academy award for their music as well. After you've ooohed and aaawed over the 7 or so Quebecois acrobatic shows on the Strip, this is a nice and fun change of pace.
3	Nice show for everyone.The puppetry is amazing. I was a bit underwhelmed with the music. I guess I expected too much. Boo for over-inflated expectations.
3	I saw The Lion King when I was in Vegas, and while my friends liked it a lot, I was a little underwhelmed by it.I did love the story and the dancing and the costumes and especially the awesome singing - notably by grown-up Nala!  There definitely is excellent talent in this show, and I was entertained.  But I've seen productions in LA at The Pantages, and compared to that theater this just felt like a smaller production, which I wasn't expecting.What I did expect was a more elaborate set, and my friends wondered if we were seeing a show that had been downsized from having more onstage performers.There were quite a few kids in the audience who seemed to really be wowed by it, so I'd still recommend it for a family experience.  But next time, I'll choose the Beatles Love show!
5	I'll admit, I was a skeptic.  Disney and Vegas don't exactly fit together in any spot in my brain, but I do love anything Broadway so off we go.  This show was WONDERFUL!!!!!  Huge, animal, puppet/humans representing every member of the African animal kingdom.  Floating, flying, swimming, and singing, you can't help but fall in love with these characters.  The standout voices are the characters of Rafiki, the wise baboon shaman and Nala's song Shadowland gave me goosebumps.  This production replaced Mamma Mia in the Mandalay Bay theater.  Tickets will set you back about $130 a pop.  Worth every hard-earned penny.
5	The Lion King was so entertaining! I was lucky enough to sit so close.. row E! :) The hair, make up, costumes, music, dancing, singing, etc all phenomenal! :) If it wasn't so expensive I wish I could watch it again and again and again!
5	Better go see it in Vegas before the show goes dark forever in December!Finally got a chance to check out the famous Lion King musical after hearing so much about it, and I gotta say, it is one incredible performance.  The performers are all amazing and how they manage to sing, move, and even dance in some of the costumes blows my mind.  The Vegas show is suppose to be the biggest production out of all the Lion King productions.  Not sure how true that is but with the stage design, it's fun to see how the stage changes with the different backdrops.The singers are all amazing and not only are there original scores from the movie, but also several new ones.  I hear that a few part of the musical were cut out in 2010 but still, plenty of good songs!  Raffiki's booming and intense voice is definitely my favorite!Be sure to hunt around online if you are buying from Ticketmaster.  There's a lot of promotion codes that can help you save quite a bit.  I got Section A tickets for around $90! There's a small gift shop outside the theater.  Some cool stuff like replica masks from the show and some of your more typical souvenirs like mugs and t-shirts. The show is closing production in December so for West Coast peeps, definitely take advantage of it, or you'll have to wait for the touring production to come by!
3	Good, but definitely not great.  Being a huge fan of the movie and the score, and having heard all of the hype about the stage production, I had high expectations coming in to this show.  However, while certain aspects were stunning, others fell a bit flat.  As others have already mentioned, the costumes, set design and overall production quality were stellar.  I especially loved the moving stage and how Pride Rock would rise up from the stage floor.  It added another special layer of drama to those scenes, in particular "Circle of Life" at both the beginning and the end of the show.  Rafiki was awesome, and the lady who plays the character completely stole the show.  In all honesty, it probably would have been more entertaining if they'd featured her even more than they did.  Adult Nala was also powerful, and her feature song "Shadowlands" was stirring.  Scar was great, and the actor added some of his own flair to the delivery of his lines.  The other actors, though, were very stiff and awkward to me.  There were so many iconic voices in the film (i.e. James Earl Jones, Whoopi Goldberg, Nathan Lane, etc.) and it felt like the actors were just trying to mimic them in every way - their voices, line delivery, etc. - and not effectively.  I would have instead liked them to bring some of their own "oomph" to their roles and make it their own.  The end result felt very flat and lifeless.  The child actors who played young Simba and young Nala were cute and energetic, but neither of them seemed natural or comfortable up on stage (i.e. awkward transitions between lines, overacting in some parts, underacting in others, etc.).  Prime example (**spoiler alert**) - while Mufasa's death still brings me to tears in the movie version as an adult, the stage version actually bordered on hokey for me, and I didn't believe the actor playing young Simba for a second.  My other complaint is the music - I LOVE the original music, and it's produced beautifully for the stage production.  The stage production also amped up the use of the African drums and songs, which I felt enhanced the show.  However, the new songs that were added seemed more like an afterthought and were downright cheesy (with the exception of the aforementioned "Shadowlands", which in fact played on an instrumental theme from the original movie, so that's probably why it was successful).  The other songs seemed out of place and did nothing to enhance the story or flow.  All things aside, I'm glad I saw it if only for the set design and to relive one of my favorite Disney movies.  I will mostly likely not see it again, though.
5	I had high expectations for this musical, given all the reviews from friends and Yelp...and believe me all the 5 stars on here are legit.  The costumes, set, and actors, were all amazing that I didn't have any gripes about paying $4 for a bag of m&ms.  If I am able to see this show again, I will plan to get closer seats.
5	definitely lived up to the hype and worth the ticket price. beautiful, clever and very entertaining. kids and adult will both love what this show has to offer!
4	Helpful tip: bring your student ID and ask if they have any student specials. I believe MOST weekends they should offer great seating for students at an incredible $25 per ticket!! Me and the boyfriend sat about 6 rows away from the stage! I believe regular price for our seats would have been $120+ each! The venue is quite small. I believe even the back rows still had great views of the stage.I thought the musical was great. A little lacking on the visuals, I didn't expect that some of the characters would be puppet-like, and the stage effects seemed a little too sloppy. The vocals were AMAZING though, especially Rafiki (I didn't know that the baboon was a female :P) I was pretty blown away by their incredible voices! And I was pleasantly surprised to see Derrick Williams as Mufasa!  They pretty much followed through with the movie, the "important" parts mainly, they did cut out chunks of the movie and added quite a few new songs which I wasn't really a fan of.The performance reminded me a lot of the Aladdin "musical" at California Adventure at Disneyland. Overall, I did enjoy The Lion King and very glad I got a chance to see it =) I highly recommend people to see this before it leaves Las Vegas! (Thanks to my awesome boyfriend)
4	NANTS INGONYAMA BAGITHI BABAAAAAAAAA!!!!That chant has been stuck in my head since childhood and it was relived when I saw the musical! The Lion King came out when I was 6 years old. I absolutely loved it and grew up with it, so I must start off by saying that I am a bit biased - I took away one star because they added some songs and other things, which I could not get over. With that being said, if that is not something that would bother you, you will absolutely love this performance! The music was beautiful - it's all live singing set to a live orchestra. Rafiki's voice was awesome! The costumes were also amazing! I loved how creative the set and costume designers were - even grass was a costume! This experience was all made possible because my boyfriend and I received student discount tickets. The man at the ticket counter was super helpful! We got excellent seats and they were only $27.50!
4	The Lion King has to be the best Disney movie ever made. Many can argue that there are a few other top contenders that may bump them from the #1 seat, but what movie elicits a more emotional reaction to a character's death, a bigger connection with the characters with flawless character development, and a feeling of grand awe watching an animal climb a rock in the final scene? I can't think of another movie that surrounds a cast of animals more moving than The Lion King.This is the kind of expectations I had when walking into the theater. I was about to see my favorite movie of all time come to life with a live singing cast, breathtaking set design, and artistic revamping for the stage. Here I was, at 25, giddily awaiting the curtain to be drawn, in the same way I was practically jumping up and down in my seat almost 17 years ago, excited to watch the original.When the opening number began with (a female) Rafiki it really set the tone for a great production to follow. Her powerful vocals were chilling, and she is easily the best performer out of the entire cast. It must be difficult to follow such a strong beginning number as I found myself bored during the first few scenes. The most memorable songs were towards the middle to the end and almost aways featured Rafiki who mostly sang in Swahili in smooth harmony with other female vocals.The musical stayed mostly true to the movie, but to provide the fluidity of performing a movie on stage, the writer added a few more songs and situations to help the story along. I actually felt there are enough people who knew the storyline already that obviates the song additions. It made some parts unnecessarily long and undermined the powerful emotions that should have been associated with more of the pivotal scenes in the musical.Overall, the cast is talented and worked mostly well with each other. The dancers had plenty of energy and conveyed the story well through dance and song. I would like to see a different company perform this sometime later, though. Something about watching this show in Vegas made it feel like it was lacking in the grandeur and honest emotions I was craving for such a powerful story. 3.5 stars, but awarding 4 stars.
4	Really good show!  Watching the show, I felt the same feeling when I first saw the movie..  Turn off?  The rows are sooooo close, I accidently hit a guy's head with my shoe.. =\
4	We always book Vegas through lasvegas.com and whenever we book we make sure our package comes with show tickets, last year we chose KA and this year it was the Lion King. I wanted to see the Lion King because I heard it's leaving Vegas soon and I really didn't want to miss it hearing all of the great reviews. And the reviews did not steer us wrong - the show was amazing, long but amazing! All of the performers we very talented and all the costumes were awesome. I can't imagine wearing some of those costumes and being able to do what these performers were doing. The musical stays pretty true to the movie but of course it's not a movie, it's a musical so there are some songs that aren't familiar but they sound so amazing, you don't even notice.I'm so happy we got to see the show, it was definitely worth it.
3	Ok Ok  so I may get a big boo from the crowds for a 3 star vote considering I see lots of 4 star ratings for this show. However is way different if you are giving an honest opinion as myself after seeing almost every show in las vegas including multiple times over. Is of course a more broadway/play type of theatrical show. Certain scenes are too long and I found myself crowd watching at several times which was a lot more amusing.The sets are cheesy, I expect more dramatic props and backgrounds, lighting was minimal, nothing breathtaking or exciting, ugh. I don't smoke but really could have used a cig after it was over. Oh and don't get nabbed by one of the photo people on your way in, I said I was not interested in pics, this heffer ignored that and stopped me dead in my tracks and started taking pics, even being demanding, "ok now turn to the side" "place your hand on your hip" I should have just flashed the bird, but I did not as there were many children around. I was like WTF, there are like 100 folks passing by to get into the showroom, me being in the way, almost humiliating and you are playing America's next top model photo time with me? I am WAYYYYY too nice! To the photo people, I know is your job, but BITE ME!I have seen lion king twice, took my 3 1/2 year old nephew then took my 23 year old son, which of the two liked it more... I say tie! lolIs a long show, runs about 1 1/2 then a ten minute intermission or what I call an ASS BREAK then another what seems to be a never ending 1 1/2 hours. Music was awesome.I refuse to see it a third time even if the tickets are comped. I would rather assist in tying my own noose then to sit through it one more time. Is a great family show.IMPORTANT: ONCE AGAIN TAKE NOTE!DON'T BE CHEAP WHEN IT COMES TO "PURCHASING" TICKETS. IF YOU ARE STUCK IN THE REAR BALCONY/ORCHESTRA FOR EXAMPLE ROW 399, YES THIS THEATRE GOES ROWS BACK FAR AND DEEP! THEN YOU WILL NEED A FRESH PAIR OF CONTACTS, GLASSES OR BINOCULARS! DON'T SAY I DIDN'T WARN YOU! LOLTAKE THE FAM BAM AND ENJOY! ONCE IN A LIFETIME IS ALL THAT IS NEEDED FROM THIS SHOW.
5	I'm sad that this summer will be the last of the Lion King.  I saw the show last year in May and enjoyed it.  The show was amazing, the actors were awesome and the story did not change at all from the movie.  It was funny, it was sad and everything in between.  LOVE, LOVE the show!  It's a must see, especially that it's going to end, it's a show I recommend to see if you're in Vegas.  I would go back just to see the show again before the end of it... =)
5	AMAZING..I knew the show was going to be good.. but I had no idea how great it was going to be.. the performers are so graceful with the way they portray the various animals on Pride Rock.. I loved the ensemble scenes..The even were in the audience to add to the greatness..I knew the story getting into it.. so the plot line isn't anything surprising.. most of us know the story of the Lion King movie.. but I was amazed at how well they adapted it for the stage..Disney really did a great job with it all.. I'm glad I got to see this before it goes away in December.. The theater is relatively small and our seats, though a few rows away from being completely in the back, were amazing and we were able to see everything at a great angle..
5	Front seat!  Loved it!  Sitting behind us are celebrities from Europe (don't know their name but did not care to know!)  My hubby surprised our kids with the show and thought that it's the best they've seen so far out of the others.
3	The costumes are great, but the show felt  really long. If you have seen the movie, you pretty much know what is going to happen, so that detracts from any suspense.  They put in a bunch of songs that weren't in the movie and they weren't very good. Also, I really didn't like the young Simba and Nala. 10 year olds acting on a broadway play seem out of place.
4	Lion King was a great show I took my 2 year old to it and he loved it.  House Seats has 2 for 1 (2 years fro the price of 1) membership right now from Sept 15-30th, great deal and a great service. When they have these type promos you should definately consider joining they are far superior to showtickets for locals which is great because it is totally free, but you get what you pay for.  Here is the link for the house seats 2 for 1 http://lv.houseseats.com/join/?referer=psycobuster@gmail.com
5	Pretty spectacular!Don't be worried about getting a seat in the back, it's a fairly small theater and you will be able to see the whole stage and all the animals.  Although we all know the movie from childhood, it's nice to see again and how they produce some scenes like the stampede and Mustafa after death.Maybe one or two songs not from the movie, but the best parts of this show are the visuals.  Come and see before it's last show in December 2011.
5	I was in Las Vegas on a family trip and my moms had mentioned that she had tickets for all of us to go see the Lion King show. I wasn't the least bit excited, but I sucked it up and went to be a good sport. Let me just tell you that I'm glad I did. It was an awesome experience that I'll never forget. I'd even go as far to say that it is better than the actual Disney animated film. It was that good..I felt a kid all over again! Music was EPIC and the actors/actresses were outstanding! If you're in Vegas, this is a must see! Trust me, you won't be dissapointed! Thanks Mom!
3	Overall, just okay.  I can see why they are ending the run in December.The ticketing process:I had a chip on my shoulder going into the performance.  You see, the day of the show you can get a student discount on the remaining "best available" seats with a valid student ID.  We got there at 8:50 am before the counter opened at 9 am (more like 9:03am).  Right beforehand, we printed out what seats were available and had an idea where we wanted to sit.  The guy at the counter, Antonio or something like that, didn't want to honor the student discount and then refused to give us the best available aka good seats. He tried to convince us that the seats available on the Mandalay Bay website are not the same ones available at the Mandalay Box Office.  That makes no sense. So we got totally screwed in that regard, we were all the way over to the right side, so it was not as magical of an experience.The show: Being my third time to see the Lion King musical (LA, Toronto, Las Vegas), I would say this is the weakest of the three performances. I know the soundtrack by heart and I noticed the cast was making some of the songs their own, not mimicing the way the original Broadway cast sings them. I have mixed feelings about that because all of the songs were so perfectly sung by the original cast. Two of my favorite songs, 'They Live in You' and 'Shadowlands,' were not as good as I had hoped.  Oh, and it was also the third best young Nala/Simba cast that I have encountered as well.So, overall, just average.
5	Honestly, this doesn't need much of a review. It is BEYOND AMAZING in and of itself! Come on, it's The Lion King! My first time seeing the show earlier this month, and it was wonderful.  TLK was one of my all-time favorite Disney films as a child, but I haven't seen it since I was 8 or 9. So watching this show, brought me back to my childhood and it was a great feeling! I caught myself singing along to the songs. It's amazing how everything just comes back to you like that. I was sad when the show ended; I wanted to see it again!
5	This show is amazing!!!! I loved the lion king when I was little, so it's nice that we still remembered the songs they performed. They added a little bit of humor into the show, but what I was really impressed with was the costume and set design. The way they made the elephant, giraffe and gazelle costumes were so cool and everyone performing was amazing. We also had gotten a good deal off travelzoo (40% off tickets) and we had a really good view!
4	SO GOOD!  A MUST SEE!OUR tix had a deal for $99 + buffet.  BUFFET in MANDALAY, worst buffet ever.  Next time we'll skip the buffet and save the extra cash for WICKED SPOON in the cosmo!  HAHA
4	I see the rest of the reviews and even the show sells itself. I loved the Disney movie and I equally loved this Broadway adaptation. They used the original songs from the movie and added new ones appropriate to the scenes. I loved the one where Nala had a solo. Ticket prices I got were okay. I got them in May and they were $101 a piece but you also have to factor in a fee online so I paid $225 for 2 tickets and this was in the mezzanine section. I like watching plays in the mezzanine so I can see the whole stage. For those who are planning to watch this show make sure to wear layered clothing. The night before we watched LOVE at The Mirage and the air conditioning was "just right". The Mandalay Bay Theater is cold! By the intermission almost everyone near us had bought sweaters/throws from the gift shop. My husband told me they did this on purpose so that people would be forced to "buy" the sweatshirts and throws ha ha ha!!
4	Too bad the seats I had were all the way at the top. Without my glasses I missed the vibrant costumes.The show was pretty faithful to the story, pretty much a line for line recreation. The actors were great, especially the actress that played the role of rafiki (cant quite remember her name).If you enjoyed the lion king on film, you will love this show.
5	awesome...bring your child(ren) they will surely love it,there  were more adults that watched than kids. my husband & I enjoyed it,so with my cousins & we were all adults...No sweat ,fantastics,show is soooo good,custumes,music,performers...whole crew,did a very ,very good job..production staff did it so well..I salute you all ! more of this kind of shows the world will be a better place..love it...
5	The show is simply amazing!!! You won't regret any bit of it.It is well coordinated and entertaining all the way through. I am very glad that a friend referred me to watch this show. I have not watch Lion King since I was a little and the show revived the child in me. We got the special which included the entrance to madame tussauds, and the total come to $194 for two people which is a pretty good deal in my opinion. The show itself is $79 for one person for B seating which is about 12 rows up. I highly recommend it.Oh and if you ever need a professional driver to get you across town, be sure to check out uber and use R2CR0 to get 20 dollars off first ride.
4	I have seen this show twice and both times I loved it! My fella was captivated as well... until he got up to leave at intermission thinking it was over. Um, had he never seen the movie? lolAll in all, great show and everyone should take the opportunity to see this show before it leaves at the end of the year.The staging is beautiful and I almost think it's better to be seated farther back for a better overall visual of the stage. Prices are pretty reasonable adn they often offer local discounts if you ask. It does drag a bit in the middle, but I often find that true of most musicals. Definitely a must-see.
5	To see a moving and touching story, I'd recommend Phantom, but to see a beautiful creative gorgeous breath-taking mind-blowing production - sets, costumes, lighting, props - I'd highly recommend The Lion King!!
5	Wow! I wasn't intending to like this show, but WOW. The dancers/singers spend a lot of time wandering through the audience, giving you time to admire their amazing costumes...Even the landscape is made up of costumed actors! The ladies in this show really captured my attention, with their beautiful dancing... Loved it! I also REALLY liked that they made the shaman a woman!
4	A great show for the money.  Nice theater and excellent performers.  My wife and I enjoyed the show.
5	This was probably the best show I have EVER experienced. I'm probably also saying this because my hubby managed to get us front row seats for the June 28h showing. Being so up close it felt truly magical being able to see all the details and actors expressions. I have always been a fan of the Lion King since I was little and I have continued listening the music from the soundtrack throughout the years. But, honestly, nothing can prepare you for what you're about to experience and feel while sitting up close to all the action, hearing the music live and watching the scenes unfold, right before you're eyes. The Lion King will truly transport you to another time, another place and no doubt back to your childhood, when for that one moment, everything seemed to be OK and worries didn't exist.Everyone always talks about how great thier experience is and everyone is always going to be slightly different. But all I know is, it's an opportunity you don't want to miss. The adult Nala, especially had a very powerful voice. I hear the show is about to go away at the end of this year, so I can't emphasis it more that you NEED to go see this show! The only thing that could have made it even better for me was if they encorporated a real Lion Cub for the opening scene at least, instead of using a plastic lion cub . And my favorite scenes of course are the opening and ending where they perform Circle of Life, because there's just something so moving about the animals bowing. And my second favorite scene were the Hakuna Matata.Now GO SEE IT!!!
5	What an amazing show! I would like to thank my mother in law for buying those crazy expensive tickets! They do offer military and student discounts, though. And you need to be prepared to buy a ticket for lap children. I had to purchase an extra ticket for my infant. They did give me a student rate, however. I can't say enough how amazing the show was. It even kept my babies interest for nearly the entire show. The costumes were fabulous. You soon forgot that they were actors and not animals. My kids sat front row which isn't as great as it sounds. You could really see better from around the fourth row. I highly recommend seeing this show before it's too late. They are canceling it soon. I'm glad my family got to see it before it's over.
5	Wonderful! I saw this play the last night I was in Vegas and so glad I did! It was a wonderful show. The tickets are 30% off if you are staying at Mandalay Bay hotel which is a pretty great discount especially since it was full on a Sunday night. They don't tell you or advertise the discounts so make sure you ask before giving your credit card. The show was beautiful. I was very impressed. This is a must see if you are in Vegas. You will not be disappointed.
5	Sighhh...It's been a day since watching the show and I'm still thinking about it and singing Lion King songs.This was my first professional musical and I was blown away.  IF ONLY IF only I sat closer :( Please order your tickets early if you want good seats, we got ours two days before the show and of course got put upstairs on the side.  It is insanely popular. BUY TICKETS ONLINE AND EARLY!I loved the backgrounds, colors, how the stage changed.  Don't want to reveal too much, got to watch it yourself!Costumes were A-MAZING! I just loved how creative they were and how they moved.  I so wish I could've seen all the detail if I was closer, but I'm sure they were beautiful and well done!Singers...actors, dancers, so much talent on that stage.  I loved the young simba and nala.  Super cute and freaking talented kids! and every single time Rafiki came out to sing, I got chills.  Phew, her voice was great! I love getting chills during anything with performing arts whether it be hip hop dance or even videos on Youtube. Insane!I would LOVE to watch it again, only closer...
5	Roarrrrrrr!! Roarrrrrr!! ROARRRRR!!! Before watching this show, I heard it was amazing...but then there were the select few who told me it wasn't really all that. I have to agree with the people who thought it was amazing. Pound it!* The orchestra played an excellent set and the cast still had the passion in their performance. My favorite character was probably Rafiki (side note: Rafiki means "friend" in Swahili). She had it all, triple threat x10. The ONLY thing I wasn't really impressed with was the "older" Simba (side note: Simba means "Lion" in Swahili). His voice just didn't stand out like the rest of the cast. However, it wasn't enough to bump my rating down a full star. Overall, spectacular show. If you're in Vegas and want to ditch the ridiculously lines and crowded night clubs, watch the Lion King. Quick Tips: 1. Look for deals on-line. My friends and I found tickets that would upgrade your section when you purchased a ticket. We paid for 2nd section tickets ($95 or so) but ended up being 5 rows from the front. Sorry, I can't remember the website. 2. Enjoy a drink before the show, there's a bar in the lobby and you CAN bring it into the theater. 3. I bought this cool Lion doll thingy. It was $15 but worth it. Roarrr!
3	Good show...better for the younger audience. Take your kids they'll really enjoy it. The costumes were amazing, they looked like the real thing. Just not my cup of tea but the wifey thought it was great.
5	amazingggggggggggggggg!!!!love, love, love, loveeee the show! the costumes were jaw dropping and the music was excellent! the place is pretty small and the costumes are pretty big so you don't have to sit in the front to get a good view!i got a student discount by showing my school ID and my ticket was only 25 bucks!! best 25 bucks i've ever spent!
4	I was really excited to see the Lion King. I've heard such good things about it and I have to say, it was pretty amazing. It is a production like I've never seen. A lot of time and planning went into how the animals look, how they move and how the actors move with them. Its hard knowing the movie so well, you have to put it out of your mind otherwise you'll end up comparing a live production to it - and the live production won't ever win. My favorite actor was Rafiki!
5	Amazing production from beginning to end, I highly recommend that people go see it! Although it follows the film mostly they do have new songs notably my new favs "Shadowland" and "He lives in you" and singing ability of the cast was AMAZING. At times you forget you are in a theatre seat and instead off to the continent of Africa. Our seats were literally two rows from the stage and although I enjoyed seeing the intricacies of the costumes it was hard in the beginning to focus on the musical itself because I was mesmerized by details in the costumes and how the cast were moving in them. If anything I wish we would have had seats further back. But despite that, it definitely had me humming the Circle of Life the morning after. Give it a chance, you won't regret!
5	I was born and raised here in the valley and have had the opportunity to see many shows and this by far is one of the most AMAZING shows I have seen on the strip. First .. This theatre is wonderful in that there are truly no bad seats in the house. You hear this sentiment all the time but in this case its 100% true. Second... There are always really good deals for this show. Between vegas.com, half price tickets or even Mandalay Bay themselves there are always deals here and there which a great deal always makes me happy so.. Score one for discount pricing.Third and Final tip... The way they interpreted and executed some scenes from the movie to the stage were just wonderful. The masks, the costumes, for the adult were just abstract enough to really look artistic and spot on for children to still enjoy the show.. I was mesmerized..
4	Amazing production with fantastic costumes and great direction. Some of the actors were hit or miss however and it felt some of them were tired of performing. Not bad actors at all, just uninspired. Others like Rafiki, Nala, Mufasa and Pumba were fantastic. Too bad the great energy would drop when Simba and Timon hit the stage. You could feel those two just going through the motions. Could have been an off-night, who knows.... But at $150 a ticket you better be on or at least, trying.The theatre space was great and it was a good show. Just that little bit from certain actors would have lifted this to a five star in my book. One of the highlight for me was hearing the kids in the audience mesmerized in the audience. After the opening sequence, which is marvelous, and lights were transitioning into the next scene, a little kid in the front rows blurted out, "AGAIN!" The audience burst into laughter. It's moments like those that can make the Lion King magical.
3	3.5 starsMy first Vegas show after 15 years of living here.. I guess my expectations were high. The show began with a bang. Very exciting costumes and music, but it dragged. I nearly fell asleep.If you're expecting it to be like the movie, you might be a little disappointed. They do cover some of the major scenes, but there are extras that weren't that exciting.Overall, I'd say go see it. Maybe with your kiddies.. they'll enjoy it. It's only here for a few more months.Try to get good seats with Tix 4 Tonight or call the box office if you're local.
5	The Lion King is definitely my favorite Disney movie so I was very excited to see this production.Trust me, it was worth it.Ended up sitting in the second row on the left, super upclose to the stage and at an angle, which was annoying, BUT the perks of it was that you had amazing view of the costumes and people.  Costumes, ON MARK.  The genius who put the costumes together should get a round of applause, gorgeous lions, giraffes, even the hyenas. Visually, this was an eye orgasm,  although the set and props weren't OUT OF THIS WORLD amazing, the costumes and lighting were superb.  I was super impressed with everything and most of the time my mouth was forming an "O" at how much I was in awe.Rafiki is bomb, so well done.  And didn't expect them making her a female, but I think it was a great choice to do so.The performance of He Lives In You was by far my favorite.  SO POWERFUL, I wish I could see it again.  Scar and Nala were my two favorite performers.  Their voices were amazing!This production really is a gem.  I felt like it was exactly what I was missing after being a fan of the movie for so long.
5	I'm a sucker for all things Disney. ESPECIALLY when it comes to The Lion King. One of the main reasons that I wanted to stay at Mandalay was because of this amaze-balls show.Tickets were normal theater prices - $77 to $250. We got the cheap-o seats, and they were not all that bad. The huge, beautiful costumes were easy to see for everyone, and WOW, they managed to design the whole animal kingdom and then some. It was a truly jaw-dropping visual feast.The music was equally wonderful. The classics from the Disney movie were there as well as a few extras. I particularly liked the adult Nala's solo song about leaving Pride Rock. All of the actors were clearly very well trained and very talented. I can see how kids would love this show, but honestly, this production is for anyone who wants to enjoy a great show in Vegas.
5	The costumes, the singing, the acting, the props, THEE MUSIC!!!!...everything was great!!!!Especially the opening scene, omg....i got chills down my spine. Good chills. It was cool how they did the scene with the stampede. Very very cleaver visual effects.I sat in towards the left side Row L i think. But honestly, theres not a bad seat in the house. You're still able to see everything even if you are in the few back rows. Hurry up and go see it before its gone.
5	I had heard so much about this when this first came out.  Julie Taymor's designs of the Lion King costumes.  She's won awards and from the snippets I viewed on the television promotions it was something to see just because of them.I must preface this with the fact that I have not seen Disney's animated version so this was all new to me.  What a phenomenal event.  The performers, costumes and the story all came together in such harmony.  It really was a joy to see.  The music was also very good and complimented the action as well.The nice thing, too, was we were staying at the Luxor so it was a short little jaunt on foot to the theater.  What a treat, go just for the costumes if nothing more.  You will not be disappointed.
5	By far my favorite show in Vegas....and I've seen a good portion of shows in Vegas.  The music is fantastic, the audio is clear.  The customs are all individual, the details is what makes it stand out.  I would suggest you stay at an MGM hotel and ask for a 2 for 1 special on tickets.  I got the $168 seating which gave me just about the best seat in the house.  I would also recommend buying the lion king book about production.  It gives you some insight about the songs, and alternate views about the show.  It ends in December 2011 so be sure to go see it.
5	Fantastic show.  It's a bit odd/strange to watch a show that was from a cartoon that was about animals, and seeing people try to re create that.  You can't watch them as if they are people, you have to think of them as animals.  The music was GREAT. The show was a bit long though.  I had front row seats and the seats are too low compared to the stage, and you can't see the bottom of the stage where some of the props and sets were. So the seats weren't as good as I hoped they would be.
4	we sat in section C which was awesome as we were next to the characters but i dont think there was a bad seat in the house. the cast were wonderful. beautiful voices. really made you feel you were part of the show. and the choreography/directing was excellent. they combined ballet, martial arts, and really paid close attention to how animals moved and incorporated that into the show. the costumes and set design was beautiful and creative.the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because the songs were.....hit or miss. there was a few songs  i was a little bored with but that may be because it lacked the feeling and power behind it. however, rafiki was amazing!!! she almost brought tears to my eyes with the opening song.
5	Breathtaking!! The Lion King Musical is a visual treat like no other.It took the story to a whole new level. The cast, especially Buyi Zama playing Rafiki and Thom Sesma playing scar, really showed their passion, energy and personal best in theater performance. The costume creativity was unparalleled (!) as it was elaborate and beautiful -my favorites were the hyenas and the grass lol. How the hell do you make an awesome grass costume?? Bahaha. If anything, watch for the grass costume ;). Anyway, I digress; the set design was simple yet effective. The music! Oh the music!  The orchestra was great in the production. I found myself watching the conductor throughout the show. They truly brought African wildlife to life onstage; there are good reasons why they won a half-dozen Tony Awards. The intense physical stage work and visual surprises hold your attention from beginning to end. The Lion King was memorizing, I'd love to watch this musical again.                                  | | / | /                                                     \ | | | |  --                                                                          \ | | | | |   * \                                           _________.-`\ | | | | | | |       \                                               | | | | | | | | |  ' - /                                 / | | | | | | | | \ -          RAAWWRRRRR!    _/                    / | | | | | | \                    (But do it like Simba's baby high pitch roar)  /'---..._______| / | | | \ \                          / |                     /   |   |                   \    \                  /   / |   |                                     \    \_            (    |_ \    \_           ,\  \__,\           \__ ,\ \__ ,\
4	Excellent show. Too bad it is ending soon. Musicals aren't really my thing but a lot of the tunes are catchy. Costumes are really cool and the movements are very animal like.My girlfriend loved it and would give it 5 stars.
5	Awesome show.  I was mesmerized with all the costumes, and WOW was this good. The songs were catchy, the dances were fun, and the costumes are so great! The only thing I would say bad about it was not really bad but just a mistake. We were watching and while they were changing the scenes, this BOOMEEEEKBOOOOOOOOM! sound came on for about 2 minutes. I think it was a mic. Anywho, excellent show and if you have the opportunity to go, GO. Oh yes and if you get your photo taken with Scar it'll cost 44 dollars;88 for 2 photos. Go Lion King!
4	Scored two complimentary tickets through a SouthWest Jackpot deal. I suggest everyone look for those deals because this is the second time I received complimentary tickets for a Vegas show. Lion King was a hit! At first my bf was skeptical to watch because he thought it would just be a show for kids and not too exciting. But after the show he was really excited we watched the show. From the costumes, to the singing, to the acting, to the stage, and props everything was so creative and colorful. I really enjoyed the fact that it wasn't exactly like the movie, they tweeked some of the songs and some of the scenes to make it their very own musical.  I loved Pumba the pig-he was hilarious! The show was about 2.5 hours long including the intermission and definitely worth it.  My favorite part of the musical was when Simba reconnects with Mufasa and listens to his dead fathers words of wisdom through a silhouette. You would think that could be corny, but the way they presented it was actually touching. I think I got a little teary eyed.Overall, I think this show is good for people of all ages and would definitely recommend everyone to watch it. It's something that we all should experience and makes you appreciate the art of music and creative minds.
4	Wow, just like the Disney movie.
4	I went with my friend to see this while visiting the great Las Vegas. I am not a huge musical fan but enjoyed this. We were upgraded to the front which makes a huge difference compared to where we were. The performers were amazing I really liked Scar, rafiki, Timon and Pumba. The dancers were also very good. The show is long which thank goodness one of the ushers told me that before it started so that I knew to use the restroom. I liked the elephants and giraffes that would come on to stage. Some of them would run through the aisle before and during intermission. My friend who is into the musical thing said it was one of the best she has seen. One main point that made it really funny and nice was that they threw in some modern day crack like one being about the economy and the weather. That was unique. We were able to get tickets that same day but that might not be true as it soon closes in Vegas. They also have a very nice gift store. I would go see this again. And hopefully we would be upgraded again. he he.
5	The costumes were breathtaking. The show itself was amazing. A must see!
5	A MUST see!Went two times enjoyed each time!Took my son to see it and he enjoyed it so much, I thought it might be a bit much but he loved it!There is no bad seat in this place what so ever!
4	I don't normally partake in activities like candlelit dinners, reading steamy romance novels, baking, knitting, or watching people dance on stage in silly costumes. These are generally things reserved for women. And young boys. But not manly men like me.Once upon a time, however, even I was a boy. A manly boy, but a boy nonetheless. And during that time, I watched Lion King at least forty seven times. And I memorized every single line and every single song. Even the Swahili lines of The Circle of Life. And not like your dumb friend does it, because he has no clue what he's saying. I mean I actually learned the Swahili lines, so I'm not just screaming unintelligibly (like your dumb friend).So when a woman suggested we watch this show instead of winning trillions of dollars playing slots, I coolly shrugged, hiding my excitement at OMGLIONKINGYES and said,"Why not?", and we scored some last-minute tickets and went.Seeing all the little kids and women as we sat in our fifth-row, dead-center seats, I began to wonder if this was a good idea. I'm a man; I don't watch dumb musicals or use tampons. But as soon as the Swahili screaming started, I was mesmerized like a child once again. The stunning costumes, the no-nonsense artwork that I could actually appreciate, the completely-bearable-and-p erhaps-even-better-than-m ine rendition of the opening song, the fluid, inhuman movements of the actors and actresses (especially the lady playing the cheetah/leopard)... all of it was fantastic.Now, the show did have its downsides. Namely, it was a bit long, dragging on the story much longer than I expected. I also didn't like the original pieces that weren't in the movie. They felt like unwelcome additions to a great product, as if they like threw another white samurai into a re-released version of The Last Samurai or something. Additionally, the theater itself was disgustingly hot. Maybe that was to give the audience a feel like they were actually in Africa, or maybe I'm just a complete idiot for thinking that, probably the latter.All in all, this was a hugely entertaining experience, not like when I walked out of Wicked, bored. Wait, what? Wicked? I never watched that, that's totally not manly. Whatever, you're not a trillionaire like me, meaning you probably should peel yourself away from the penny slots. Spend a couple of your hours watching this instead, you'll thank yourself (and me) afterwards.
5	Absolutely fantastic. A MUST see. Go before it ends. The story, the performance, the costumes, the music all first class. The adaptation of Disney's Lion King is just fabulous and totally worth seeing (once or multiple times). We got great seats (Row M 17-18) and it was just right. I wish more shows were like this one. Try to take locals discount (2-for-1) and it feels even better. Awesome
4	I came to this show because it's ending pretty soon, and right now tickets are "Buy one get one free" for locals. I paid $84 for two tickets in the nosebleeds, plus about $26 for two (really good) drinks. Worth it? Maybe...The Mandalay Bay theater, where they show the Lion King, is really nice. It's got a very classic aesthetic that looks good, and works well with the whole Lion King vibe. They have a few guys spread out that direct you, and they're all very knowledgeable and polite. We sat in the last row on Section D, Row R, seats 13 and 14. Seat 14, according to my date, had  a little too much "give" and was a little bit uncomfortable at first. She didn't seem to mind a few minutes into it, so I assume it wasn't that bad. Also, as I mentioned before, the drinks we got we're really, really good. They were $12 each, but probably worth it in terms of taste. Not so much in terms of alcohol, though. As for the actual show... they do a great job with the costumes and stuff. The costumes, sets, music... it was all pretty good. My date, along with some others in the place, were singing along to Hakuna Matata and Circle of Life and all that. Really, in terms of artistic quality, it was great. Why only four stars, and not five? The show really seemed to drag along a little bit too much. There were parts that seemed to be more for show than expediency, though I understand that's why people come to this.Still, I would recommend this show hands down. It was fun, there were funny jokes, and the music was spot on. It was a good time!
4	We came here because we got free tickets when booking our hotel and air through Travelocity. It's an amazing show, the costumes are unbelievable. It's ending its tour in Vegas on Dec. 30th so go see it now if you can. I thought the performances were great as well as the singing. It's about 2 hours and 10 minutes long with an intermission.
5	One of the best production shows ever to come to Vegas.  The sites and the sounds will leave you breathless.  And, if you're a vocalist, like me, you will get chills at the pure voices and talent of the performers in this show.  Absolutely, fantastic.  See it before it ends in December 2011!
5	It was the best play ever! It is definitley a MUST SEE! I went to go see it this past year but it wasnt my first time. I have seen the Lion King 4 times live. Incredible! My baby brother adored it and thats all he wanted for his birthday was to go see the Lion King!
4	This was my second time seeing The Lion King. The first time I was really young and don't remember much other than the fact that I enjoyed it. Second time around and many years later, it is still a solid show. Unfortunately, it is coming to a close in Vegas at the end of the year so if you wanna see it you gotta go now! The theater at the Mandalay Bay is not that large so any seat is pretty decent. My gf and I sat in the middle on the rear section (Section E Row K) and we could still see everything clearly (aside from the expressions on the actor's faces). In terms of acting, I felt that Mufasa was not that great. Young Simba didn't have the strongest singing voice either. With that being said, Older Simba, Timon, Pumba, and Rafiki were great. Rafiki got the loudest ovation (deservedly so). The costumes were also top notch. Really creative design work. The choreography and stage design were also great. The stage could raise and descend to create Pride Rock and other scenes well. The stampede scene was really cool as well. Probably my favorite. Overall it is a great show and deserves a look. Plus it is a great date idea to let your inner child make an encore appearance ;-)
5	YOU MUST COME SEE THIS SHOW BEFORE IT LEAVES VEGAS!OMG, I've seen many shows in Vegas, but this one is the best one I've ever seen!  The costume was wonderful! It's also kid-friendly and nice to see that Vegas is not just an adult-only place.  Obviously, the story line is what we all expect :) I've always heard that for this show, you need to sit as far away as possible.  And I'd have to say that there is no such thing as a "bad seat" for this show.  Again, the costume was what made it!  My boyfriend and I were amazed by this show.  In fact, he had such a great time... he started singing along! (OMG...) Yes, he was singing and I had to hush him up!!  If you're looking to catch it before it leaves (or any show in that manner)... make sure you try to buy the tickets from "Tickets 4 Less" or something like that.  It's a place where on day of or maybe the day before the show, you get a chance to buy show tickets at a discounted price.  Again, it's Vegas, so pre-drink before because the drinks there are EXPENSIVE!  I didn't even want to get a diet coke after looking at those prices.  Luckily I had "snuck in" a bottle of water :)
4	The music and acting was wonderful.  We are glad that we had the opportunity to catch it before it left. I do agree that it seemed to drag a little.
5	Best show ever!  Theater was perfect, not a bad seat in the house.  Beautiful dancers, a must see.  It leaves at the end of this year so go see it NOW!
4	For the longest time, this has been one of those shows I've always wanted to see but never found the chance to.  FINALLY, gots it.  And the verdict:  Great show, but some  minor disappointments.The theater is great, costumes, music, decor, but those extra lines they added in.  Its like if they are going to take like 90% of their dialogue from the movie, try to stick to it....but occasionally they'll add some tid bits that don't apply or just throw it off.  Sorry, i'm sensitive when it comes to Lion King (no shame in admitting that's my favorite all time Disney movie) and its ok when you add random banter and modernized language, but adding 2 or 3 words to a dialogue that's away from the movie script is unacceptable.  On a nicer note, at least the musical doesn't show "SEX" in the stars when Simba is grown up and looks for the ghost of his father.
3	Took my entire family (6 adults; ages 21-58) to The Lion King at MGM. We were super stoked building up to the show because it was our first real Vegas show...it turned out to be kind of a fail.We purchased our tickets through Tix for Tonight (link below) as suggested by other Yelpers. (My Review link Maybe I over-hyped myself but the show was kind of a dissapointment. Overall the costumes, talent and set designers pleased but the show itself lagged. Characters would break into song, go back to dialog, dance a bit and back to dialog. Some characters were better than others so if you weren't into the character as much you'd get bored. I don't know if it was the venue or the show itself but, dare I say it, it felt "school play-ish." I'm glad to say that I was able to see it but I probably wouldn't see it again specially for almost $100 a seats. Our view was great it was just the show that lacked for me.
3	Really?  The best in Vegas?  Saw it a month ago and was mildly amused.  Perhaps the actors knew it was the last three weeks they'd be working and didn't feel like putting effort into it but it wasn't worthy of being called Disney.  I do enjoy puppets though...
5	I am so glad I got to see this show before it finished. Unlike my husband, I found it to be completely glorious. Eye candy at its finest whether you're a fan of costuming, theater in general, or the Disney version of Hamlet. Going into the show knowing the film inside and out, I genuinely wondered how they were going to stage certain parts of the film - it just seemed like it would be too difficult. But alas, I was pleasantly surprised at all of it, especially the epic wildebeest stampede scene. Simply marvelous! It was intense and visually stunning, which is also a great way to sum up the show in general. The actors were amazing, specifically the woman playing Rafiki. She was so awesome and funny! She really stole the show. Same with Timon and Pumbaa - I really loved Pumbaa's costume, but thought Timon could have been done differently. The hyenas were also a treat.  I also loved how they threw in little extras, like Vegas jokes. This show did have an intermission, but I didn't find it to be that bad. I think the show's length was perfect. I really loved also how the entire theater was the stage, and how when you were coming into the auditorium they already had the band playing their drums and really setting the scene. Did I mention the costumes? Oh my god, the costumes. Intricate and beautiful and so modern. I could not stop drooling, they were gorgeous. I found this show to be completely delightful and worth every penny. Music, actors, costumes, staging, everything was perfection. It really is a masterpiece and something to be seen. It did live up to the hype for me and was a very well done representation of the classic Disney film. I wish more Broadway would come to Vegas, and I am sad to see this show go as I knew a few of the cast members and they were totally sweet and awesome people who were also bummed out about having to leave. Mandalay Bay really screwed that one up, but hopefully something equally awesome will go in its place. If I ever get the chance to see this show again I will definitely take that opportunity. Farewell, Lion King!
5	Amazing!
5	Very good show it will be missed in Vegas when it leaves Dec 30.
5	You may say this reviewer is starting to get fishy 'She's rating a whole lot of 5 stars' Well, there just happens to be some really great stuff out there...I'm quite surprised myself! Lion King's just another one of the handful of captivating shows I've watched in my 3 years in Vegas - sadly, 2011 was their last year.Growing up with Disney, Lion King's been a big part of my life and I saw to it that my friends and I saved enough money to check out the broadway show before they left in December 2011. We watched them in September to celebrate a galpal's birthday and upon entering, I warned them that I would cry...and I DID! The moment Rafiki's voice came in for the opening, I was already soaking in my own tears! I may have had doubts about how they'd accomplish all the set changes and elements from the movie (like when Mufasa died) but they proved me wrong! Every transition, every scene, every prop and set design, every piece of costume was a masterpiece in itself and I would give anything to watch them again!
2	The novelty of the awesome costume work fades quickly into a dimly performed piece with mediocre set design and poor writing.I may have simply sat in on a low-energy performance night--but that's what I got
4	My man is not the hugest fan of musical theater but graciously accompanied me to one of the last shows of the Lion King in Las Vegas.  Having grown up on Lion King, the animated movie, it was kind of a childish treat to watch this version. The set was simple, letting the characters and the costumes take center stage, no pun intended.  I would have loved to see more props giving the natural elements like flowers, trees, and shrubs more life.  That aside, the costumes were phenomenal.  My favorites were the giraffes and the cheetahs.  It was amazing how the actors brought an animal-like quality to their movements.  The show mirrors the movie so there are little to no surprises about plot or songs, which is fine because let's be honest.  Elton John NAILED this.  It was actually astounding and slightly embarrassing how much of the soundtrack I had committed to memory and could recall 20 years later.  I had a great time at the show.  It was visually striking and a feel good activity.  In fact, I still continue to break out in "I Just Can't Wait To Be King" unexpectedly from time to time
5	This show brought back so many memories. I was so excited from the beginning all the way until the end. Whether your an old school Disney fan or an all grown up parent, you can't go wrong with a classic.
5	Oh. My. God.  Read Wanugee N's review and then book tickets to go see this show.  Like many, I grew up watching the Disney cartoon, bought the CD soundtrack, belted out the songs on every car ride and while I showered.  This musical brings all those precious memories and nostalgic feelings back and then some.  Such a magnificent show, from beginning to end.  The costumes, the singing, the performances...flawless.
5	Glad we caught it before leaving the Vegas stage.  I love the story line, and the movie was cute, the music additive, but to see the actual stage play come to life with the characters and costumes was fantastic!  I can't always get my husband to tag a long with me to see things like this, but tonight, he had to agree with me that it was done really well.
5	I'm glad I got to see this, I really am.  I was surprised that I loved it, given that I absolutely detest the film version of The Lion King (yeah, yeah, I know... not a popular opinion...)... but it was fantastic.  The costumes were awe-inspiring.  I loved how simple the scenery was because it didn't detract from the acting.  I wish we could see it again.  Sigh.
5	We were in Vegas for our honeymoon and since my husband knows that the Lion King is one of my favorite Disney movies he got us tickets to the show...it was amazing!!! The only thing that I didn't like was in movie,the scene where Timon and Pumba help Simba fight the hyenas and Timon says something about dressing in drag and doing the hula...in the show Timon says dressing in drag and doing the charleston...that was disappointing. Other then that it was a great show...hope to see it again when it comes to San Francisco!
3	This show was ok, the costumes were amazing but we kept getting hit in the head by the kids behind us not wanting to sit down. great show if you have kids. i had high expectations for this show but it was not as good as some of the other shows i been too. I loved Timon and Pumba but the monkey character was just a bit annoying during the show.
