5	John Farrell from Service King came to my home in Mesa, Az. and did some electrical work for me as well as checking out my AC system.  John was on time, very courteous, in uniform and very knowledgeable in his work.  I will use this company again when I need repairs done around my home, and will also recommend him to my friends.
5	John came by to service my A/C on a new property I had recently purchased. He inspected my A/C system and told me it was working well and didn't require any freon or further service. Finally someone was not trying to sell me a service I did not need. An honest and knowledgeable service professional.John JohnsonSun Devil Printing480-606-2027
5	Super quick service, even on a Sunday morning. Totally professional... couldn't have hoped for a better AC guy... Would not hesitate to recommend him in the future.
5	My AC went out on Sunday and I regretted having to call Chas Roberts as all of my previous experience dealing with them was painful. I searched online and found Service King then went to Yelp to read all of the positive reviews. I called John late Sunday and to my surprise, he answered the phone and scheduled for first thing Monday.John showed up on time and very quickly diagnosed the problem. Although he had a part to make it work, he wanted to install the factory match part. He found a local distributor that had the part, drove to pick it up and installed it all in the same day. By 1:00 in the afternoon my AC was repaired!While he was here he even checked the freon levels and inspected my upstairs AC unit. He recharged the AC for a fair price in my downstairs unit and I'm happy to report that it works great.All in all, the service, cost and time to repair were well beyond my expectations. I highly recommend.
2	John came out to repair my AC and discovered that I had a leak in the line and had lost all the Freon in the unit. He offered some options for repair and I chose to go with a liquid sealant through the lines, to try and repair the leak, and to refill the unit with Freon. John said this was the cheapest option but did tell me it was not guaranteed to work. The repair did not last, so we requested a quote for a new unit. At the same time I also requested quotes from 3 other companies for the exact unit. After looking over the quotes John was the highest by more than 30%. I have not complaints about the service John gave but I would be sure to compare prices for replacement parts/service when using him.
5	Great service, honest and reliable.  Thank you John, Service King is a great!!
5	Wow! John answered my call at 6:40 am on a Sunday morning after my AC went out. He was over within two hours and had it working - and only charged $100! Very nice and professional. Had a few suggestions on things to upgrade but was cautious to point out that they weren't urgent if money was tight. Absolutely recommend them!
5	John arrived after hours, and well before the time he quoted, which was less than an hour!  He efficiently and proficiently completed the job, which made us feel important to know that our A/C emergency was also his!! Very knowlegable about his work!  Would recommend to anyone...reasonably priced!
5	John is the man.  He was able to make it to my house just an hour after I called him and had my A/C fixed in about an hour.  Very reasonable prices.  Planning to use him again to do some other electrical work.
5	Our air went out last night.  I called him this morning about 7:30am, he answered on the 2nd ring and came out right on schedule.  John did a great job, was professional and friendly and charged right on what I was expecting from previous A/C experience.  He had the part in the truck and fixed it quickly.  The house is already cool and I'd definitely recommend him to anyone.
5	I just had John at our place to do some repair work and service our system. John is as honest as the day is long. I had a leak in the attic and was a bit stressed. Called him at 730AM, he answered the phone. He was out within a couple of hours and fixed the problem. His fee was very fair, he could have jacked it up and many businesses out there would. I believe highly in supporting small local businesses. John is that. Service is prompt, knowledgeable and honest. Thanks John for a job well done.
5	I called John around 9:30 this am after doing several review checks on a repair guy online. My builder had Chaz Roberts do the AC installation in my new home two years ago and this was the second time in two years with the same issue,  no AC upstairs in any of my bedrooms..By noon he was here as told and got right to my ac problem. He was very thorough in the repair and service! He did not hit me up with bogus repairs and unmanaged time. I will be using him again next week on another property as he was VERY reasonable with his fees as well! Thanks John! Stay Cool.Joy of Gilbert, AZ
5	I can only reiterate what the other reviewers posted. John was on-time, efficient, and his charge was very reasonable. I will call him in the future, and recommend him to friends.
5	I called John for the second time. The problem this time was a bad blower fan. After his repair, the unit is running great. Everything about his service is great. He diagnosed the problem, and replaced the part that was required, no more. His charge was less than I expected. Thanks, John.
5	John was prompt, honest and fair.  I thought one of my a/c units was going out so I called John.  He came out the same day and told me all it needed was some freon!  Excellent, trustworthy service!
5	I called John today because my downstairs A/C wasn't working.  John arrived precisely when he said he would, quickly diagnosed the problem ("failed run capacitor"), and replaced the bad part.  He also charged my freon and got the system working as good as new.  John does excellent work.  He gets good reviews for a reason!
1	Had John come over to the house based on his reviews on Yelp.  Came over as requested and wasn't on time, but I understand that some jobs can take longer than expected, so didnt matter to me since I was already home anyways.  I had 2 issues that needed to be handled, one was a flourescnt light fixture fix and the other was definitely more difficult process with a motor issue in my outside bbq hood.  Basically the motor needed to be replaced completely and John took the specs down and measured out the process, etc.  He came over a few days later and fixed the light which was a bit more expensive than i would have liked to see.  Could have just bought a new light for that price and would have been nice to know that before hand.  We paid him for that with no complaints hoping that the issue with hood would get fixed.  John left that day and never contacted us again.  I get it, its a tough project.  Just let us know you can;t do it and we will move on to the next.  If we were jerks for customers, that would make more sense to never contact us again and not deal with us.  But we never complained or questioned anything, just never heard back on what we needed fixed.
5	John came out the same day to my house for an urgent issue. He was very easy to work with, very nice, a pleasure really. And he got everything done quite fast. I'm grateful for people like John in the world who take their job seriously and and can get stuff done, I will be in touch for my future handyman needs, take care!
5	John to the rescue again!  My upstairs A/C stopped blowing cold air last night so I called this morning.  He squeezed me in, again, and fixed the problem (a burnt wire)!  I highly recommend Service King if you are having A/C problems and want a trustworthy technician!
1	John gets 1 star for coming out in a timely manner.  He gets 0 stars for initially misdiagnosing the problem, charging me $85 for it to work for 10 minutes, then coming back out and telling me it's actually a $550 problem.  I asked my friend's husband who is in AC for a second opinion and he said they charge $420 for the same problem.  When we asked about his price he ran off in a huff and left us with an even more broken air conditioner.  Thanks for nothing!
5	My A/C failed and I needed someone to come quickly to fix it. I called a couple of companies I used previously, but their calendars were booked. John came the same day and fixed the AC. He assessed the problem quickly and we were satisfied with his solution. He fixed it quickly and within his estimate. I will be using him in the future.
5	John came out to central Phoenix to help me install a mini-split air conditioning unit I purchased from Home Depot.  He came out for an initial consultation, noted some items that were required but not included in the system that I bought, and picked up those items before showing up at my house again for installation.The former garage (current family room) is now my favorite room in the house!  I highly recommend Service King if you have a/c issues or need someone with the know-how to help with A/C needs!
5	After calling two other companies that had great Yelp ratings and never receiving a call back, I decided to try a 3rd company.  John immediately answered the phone and after discussing what was going on, he asked that I try one more thing.  When that didn't work I called him back the next day (he answered again) and he got me scheduled immediately.  He communicated through text after the time was set and showed up on time.  He was in and out in about 30 minutes and did a thorough check on the other AC unit for me.
5	I contacted John after reading the great reviews on Yelp.  We have a rental house and our tenants notified us that the AC was acting up.  John was available within 4 hours of me calling.  He arrived exactly on time and was able to ensure the AC was back up and running.  He also inspected the unit to ensure there were no other issues.
