5	This is a charming, family owned business.  I go here with my grandparents and the owner has always come over to say hello and ask my grandparents how they are doing.  I think it is authentic Italian food.  The owner has an Italian accent and everything tastes great.
5	A tiny place that's tucked back away from the main road.Waited a long time for drinks....especially long when you take into account that they weren't busy at the time.That was the end of the bad.  The good was the food.  I ordered the scaloppine gorgonzola and it was hands down the best I've had.  It was truly amazing.My wife's Shrimp Fra'Diavalo was also fabulous.  She enjoyed her prosecco, and the caprese salad was excellent.For dessert we had the lemon sorbet.  Just the right amount of tart....very good.The staff was very friendly.   The experience as a whole more that makes up for the mixup about the drinks.  I love this place!
5	I am so torn - I want to get the word out but then again, I want this all to myself.  This place is right out of the movies, complete with soft (operative word here is soft) Italian music, mood lighting, crisp clean tables and everyone in their own private dining world - ahhh! Food is impeccable - we ordered our food spicy and it was not over done with the spice.  Perfect!  Waitress (Victoria) was unobtrusive but there when we needed her.  Perfect first date nite - after thirty years of date night - even better!
4	We loved this place. It is so sweet and just reminded me of home (Upstate NY). It is a cozy family place but also ideal for dates. A nice Italian grandma  was the main server of a small but packed dining room so we had to bring patience. We took our time with dinner, sipped some incredibly cheap/yet delicious Merlot at $5 a glass, and enjoyed our dining experience.The bread was a highlight - though it was a very small piece though she offered to bring us more but unfortunately forgot. Our meals were fabulous (but unlike another reviewer mentioned they do not come with a salad). I had the recommended chicken picatta  which came with a side of spaghetti and marinara. The meat was so tender I could use the side of my fork to cut it- and the taste was awesome. The marinara was honestly some of the best I have ever tasted-drink worthy. My one major complaint here was that the sauce was cold. I bet it  was tossed cold with the hot pasta...but that didn't warm it sufficiently. I didn't send it back since this was a very slow paced meal and I was hungry. My boyfriend had the chicken cacciatore which was every bit as tender and the temp/flavor was spot on. Portions are big but not overly-so like many Italian places. Prices are awesome for the location and quality of food.  We also took some tiramisu to-go which was light and creamy and overall pretty good. We both looked at the lasagna and decided we needed to come back for that- it looked and sounded awesome! I would go back on a weekend where they can take their time - but that being said, this is some of the best (if not "the") Italian I've had in Charlotte. If they get the temps right and amp up the service a bit this is easily a 5 star place.
4	Il Nido means "the nest" in Italian, and that's pretty much the size of the place.  We live across the street and have been here a bunch of times, but now that we have a 1 year old boy who enjoys throwing more food than eating it, we tend to stick with take-out rather than enjoying the time in the place.When we did frequent, we got a chance to chat with the owner, who is a sweet little ole lady who literally came to America from Italy to open a restaurant with her son.  I'm not 100% sure the son still works there (we got the story a few years ago) but the sweet ole lady still does, and man, will she chew your ear off!The food is good, the pizza is a great value.  The menu changes quite a bit to reflect fresh ingredients, always a good sign.  The wine selection is okay, lots of Italian wine, which is preferable in a place like this, frankly.The best thing in my mind about Il Nido is the atmosphere.  It's a local, one-of-a-kind place, that is built for families to frequent.  Don't bring 10 people here, you'll hate it, but if your immediate family of 5 wants a great time, good food, and drinks - and don't mind a little ole Italian lady chatting the night away with you - Il Nido is a great choice.
3	I am a huge fan of Italian food - real Italian food like you find in little villages while traveling through the Italian countryside, not the typical American-chain restaurant style "Italian".  So, when I first heard of il Nido, I was super-excited to try it.  Maybe I was there on an "off day" for them, but I found the food to be a-ok, but not outstanding. We were there for lunch and the restaurant was not very busy.  I do think it is a cute little place, and I will go back and give them another try... hopefully next time I'll be blown away.
5	This place has earned its  fifth star - we went to dinner on Saturday and again loved the pasta sauce, delicious wine, comfortable atmosphere, and wonderful people who work there. It's also the place my boyfriend asked me to marry him at - can't get any more special than that!
4	One of the few Bolognese Sauces with NO Cream, YAY!!!  My server asked me with much skepticism and disgust "Who puts Cream in their Bolognese!"  I knew I had found an Italian Restaurant I would like... Wish the Sauce had more Herbs... ONLY Freshly Grated Parmesan to garnish, I asked if they had the powdered kind?  I HATE the powdered kind!  Thankfully my Server again could not believe I had been treated so poorly in so many so-called "Itailian"  Establishments using that disgusting "powdered" version of Parmesan!The Bread is Obviously House Made and Fantastic... the Butter is obviously real and "Land of Lakes"...Tiramisu - maybe the only Dessert they make in House... This one was VERY Special and I'm no fan unless it is really Great!  If you like to taste the different versions, I highly recommend this one!Intimate, Cozy, about 40 seats, VERY Comfortable, with NONE of the Typical Italian 'tude you can find in so many places claiming Italian...Better food than most Italian!The Chef/ Owner is from Pisa, though I think she said he grew up here!My Server had a Thick German accent, easy to understand, though I could not figure out where she was from!
4	Most authentic European cuisine in Charlotte. Exceptional veal dishes
3	Food was good to very good ... but I certainly wouldn't dream of calling it great.This is a neighborhoody spot that underperforms if you are looking for a hidden gem, but if you have realistic expectations it is quite good.Paper tablecloths and napkins ... that ought to help you understand the level of dining at Il Nido.
4	Do you want to feel like you are walking into an Italian restaurant in NYCs Little Italy but don't want to pay for airfare to get to it? Look no further, Il Nido is the place. Small, dark and cozy with some pretty amazing aromas coming out of the kitchen.I am not exactly sure if it's a seat yourself or not due to there being no staff on the floor when we walked in. We had to wait a bit for someone to come out of the kitchen and seat us. They did ask us where we would like to sit and my husband being the wise guy that he is requested the far back table in the corner be cleaned. He sat facing the door because in his words 'you just never know when dining with an Italian in an Italian establishment ." (Insert eye roll here) We ordered a bottle of Red and the server allowed us to sit back and enjoy the wine for a bit before she took our order.  The food was good. I wish it was better but still good is good. My husband's linguine and white clam sauce was VERY good. It could have used a little more than three clam shells but the abundance of minced clam was present and the sauce was vibrant.As recommended by our server, I ordered the Veal with Gorgonzola sauce. The veal was tender and the pasta was cooked perfectly but the Gorgonzola sauce was a definite miss. I tasted no Gorgonzola. It was more like a thick bechamel sauce with a little parm and garlic. The plate was also bland looking, beige and dark beige. It screamed for some chopped flat leaf parsley to liven it up a bit. We will definitely go back but next time try something a little different. CIAO
5	Excellent dinner great wine recommendation and the desert was wonderful.   Nice small place that serves to your tasteDefinitely worth the price.
5	We love this place. We went with friends and all 4 of us got a different veal dish and everyone loved them all. The atmosphere is cozy and the staff is friendly and makes you feel at home.
4	So glad we found this quaint little place right in our neighborhood. Cozy ambience, lovely simple Italian fare. The bolognese was spicy and meaty, complex flavor. Chicken piccata was good, served with a side of spaghetti with a nice marinara. I was glad the cutlets were not breaded. We shared a lovely pear salad and each had a glass of wine. Dinner for two, with tip, $65. Lovely. They do take out, as well!
5	I have never been to Italy, but I picture a place like this when I dream about going. Teeny-tiny cozy cafe type ambiance. Candles on the (maybe) 10 tables they have. Wonderful wine selection. Excellent warm and friendly service. And the food is aMAZing!! I almost don't want to review it because I don't want my private little restaurant to get out, but...they deserve all the accolades they can get. Quietly. Ssssh.
5	What an amazing little find! Went to this place this past Friday for dinner with my husband and Grandparents. What a cute, small little place. It filled up fairly fast, so I would suggest making a reservation.My grandmother and I ordered the house red and my husband and grandfather got Peronis. The house wine was very good and well priced. We ordered the caprese salad as an appetizer, which was very good. The meal came with bread and olive oil.....the bread was warm and delish!I ordered the Ravioli di Fungi and my husband got one of the veal dishes. The sauce on the ravioli was absolutely amazing. I also got a bite of my husbands veal and it was absolutely perfect. My family is Italian and has traveled to Italy many times. Needless to say, my grandparents know good Italian food. They were incredibly impressed!We split a pistachio gelato for dessert. It was super creamy and had pistachios and caramel on top. Really great restuarant and will definitely return.
5	This place is as good as it gets if you want home-cooked Italian food in Charlotte.  I took my boyfriend here for his birthday this past weekend and being Italian, he has very high expectations.  He LOVED it.  The sauce was amazing, everything was freshly prepared, and the food overall was just so good.  Our waitress was very nice.  At the end of our meal, we were the only ones left in the restaurant (there are only about 10-12 tables total) so she was telilng us about her favorite dishes and desserts that they serve.  She told us that everything is made-to-order and there are no warmers in the kitchen... everything is served straight from being prepared in the kitchen to your table.  The prices here are great, both for food as well as wine.  Unless there were specials I wasn't aware of, there were no entrees over $20.  There are only 10-12 tables total in the restaurant so I would suggest making a reservation if possible.  Dress is casual as well so no need to get dressed up.  Dinner here is relaxing and not rushed.  We are looking forward to our next visit.
5	Yummy yummy Italian!! Seriously we've added this place to our list of go to places. I read yelp reviews before choosing dinner the first night we came here. Reviewers talked about how good it was and one reviewer said it was the best marinara they'd ever had. Well honestly I'd have to agree!! I ended up with the lasagna and he ended up with the lemon pesto chicken. His was good, really good and we usually share. However I really REALLY didn't want to share my lasagna... seriously it was sooo good I almost wished I was 2 and could get away with licking my plate. Their bread is fresh and homemade on site and you can tell. The people (family) who run this restaurant are really nice and it feels like you have stopped in to a local family spot. We could tell that most everyone in there were regulars. Also their wine selection is fabulous... at least their reds are fabulous lol. For dessert we tried the tiramisu and the pistachio ice cream. So yummy!!! If you are looking for a homey atmosphere with really nice people who are always willing to chat and be friendly, and amazing Italian food then this is THE place for you!!
5	This place is amazing! The food is wonderful and cheap for the fanciness of it! Only $8.20 after tax for a beautiful lunch! The staff are very nice as well. Definitely will be going back here soon!
3	I must respectfully disagree with the other reviews. First time here and had high expectations, but they weren't met. First, the food was flavorless.  We had bolognese and pizza - both very bland. Even the house chianti was watery.  My Nido salad of greens, goat cheese, peppers, and pine nuts was pretty good though. Second, I felt like the victim of a cost-cutting initiative.  The waitress brought out a single 7 inch breadstick for a table of 4. We asked for more bread and again, another single stick. Parmesan? Sure but just a sprinkle-she stopped way before my wife or I would have said to. To be fair, the size of the entree portions were decent. On the upside, this tiny, charming restaurant was humming on this Friday night. Staff was friendly and people seem to like the place, but I won't be back. It's not hard to make Italian food taste good.
