5	Heading out of town and can't strong arm your buddy into taking care of Fido or Missy?  Or maybe you've had your friend take care of Fido and the poor little guy gained 4 pounds because your friend fed him twice as much as normal?  Or maybe you've had your neighbors 14 year come over to take care of kitty but you aren't quite sure they really came over every day like you asked?  Give Theresa a call at Just Around the Corner Pet Sitting.  This is a professional pet sitting service which offers friendly, reliable and reasonably priced care for your pets.  I've used them on numerous occassions and they are wonderful.  They will show up as advertised, will actually leave a printed log of their visits and unlike most pet sitting services - they actually will spend quality time with your little friends while you are away.  Give them a try!
5	Just Around the Corner is a great pet sitting service. Theresa and her crew are fantastic. I used them for over a year before moving to Tucson. I used the doggie day care weekly for my dog and when ever I went out of town I would have them care for my 2 kitties. It is was such a relief to be able to go away and know that my fur babies were under great care. Maya my dog loved Theresa so much. She was always available when I needed her even at the last minute. I can't say enough good about Theresa and Just Around the Corner.
5	Have a pet that needs some company? Maybe you don't trust them alone? Possibly managing the guilt of working too long everyday and not being at home? Your troubles are over... Theresa and the gang at JAC are just what you need! I had an 8-week old puppy and was concerned about her around my pool. She spent the first 6 months of her life staying at JAC during the day. They were fantastic! Potty training, minor medical attention, socialization, she got it all! They were very flexible with my ever changing schedule!  My pup is a year old now and she still visits when I need to drop her off. I highly recommend Just Around the Corner!
4	I first met Theresa during the spring Melrose street festival and picked up her flyer. We used her during a recent weekend trip for our puppy. $45 for two nights and Theresa also has doggie day care for $15 a day. We didn't realize we needed to bring dog food when we dropped off Abigail but Theresa was flexible with providing it. Usually, with the boarding we have done with Altavista and Petsmart, we wouldn't need dog food but at least now we know next time. Theresa also had other dogs there and when we picked up Abigail, we noticed how much calmer our dog was. I think it did her a world of good to play with the other dogs. Given the reasonable prices, we would definitely use this pet sitting service for overnight and doggie day care. She also takes credit cards which is convenient!
5	I found out about JATC from a friend and love Teresa and Mara! My pup luna goes every day and it makes me so happy she gets to run and play all day....not sitting at home alone while I'm working! They also treated Luna like a member of their family when she got sick. I recommend them to anyone looking for a day care!
5	We needed a new Pet Sitter for our girls during Labor Day weekend  - - and where to turn to but yelp! (Of course...)I trusted all the other 5* reviews by calling up Theresa at Just Around the Corner. (Well, actually I called a bunch of others too -- but only Theresa answered my call on the first ring. The others I'm still waiting for a call-back... shaw!)But anyhoo -- Theresa was so friendly and caring on the phone, I just KNEW that she was gonna be awesome.She had an initial visit to the house to meet our little cuties -- and they just loved, loved, loved her instantly! So again, no worries or concerns for me. When we came back from our trip, there was a nice detailed note listing the times that they visited and any special notes. It was like a cute little doggie report card or something. PLUS - - both doggie food bowls were washed and left drying in the sink, and with all their dog blankets all neatly folded up. It just really gave us peace of mind to know how loved our girls were while we were away. I would definitely recommend Theresa and her team at Just Around the Corner! :):)
5	Fantastic place to board dogs. Theresa is great with the dogs, very caring, and the setup is perfect for our 2 dogs (both Corgi mixes). We boarded our dogs for 4 days, and they love its. The dogs get to interact a lot, so as our dogs love other dogs, this worked out perfect. Also, Theresa is a joy to work with. Anyway, I cannot recommend any boarding facility in Phoenix more, and we will always use Just around the Corner in the future.
5	We love Theresa, Mara, and everyone at JATC! They have shown love and affection for our dog Tuco, and treat him like own of their own. I have such peace of mind when I'm at work or out of town knowing he is in such good care. They also have taken care of him when he was sick, even washed and cleaned his towel and blankets. He has two homes now!
5	we have 2 cats. Theresa and her crew have watched our cats for the last 2 years- the sum total of our time in Phoenix.  Without fail, our home and cats have been taken care of with the utmost level of respect and consistancy. In the meger time we have been here we have utilised their service about 5 times, and everytime we are more than happy with the report log, email communication, and follow up we get from them.  My favorite part is when I call and identify myself, Theresa isn't sure of who I am. But after I tell her my cats' names she IMMEDIATELY knows who, where, how frequent, and other specific details that only intimate care and service can provide. When in doubt, call Just Around the Corner....your doubt will die, and calm assurance will reign!!!!!
5	Just around the corner has been pet sitting for me for over 3 years. Teresa and team are great. I never worry about my dog with Teresa. Just around the corner is incredibly trustworthy, reliable and caring. Completely recommend!
5	Can't say enough about JATC pet sitting. We have 4-dogs and when we head out of town for the holiday's we call Theresa. Every time we call Theresa she always has room for all of our dogs! In fact, our dogs know when JATC pulls up to our house because they all go crazy! It's always a good feeling that our dogs are well cared for & our home is protected as well.Recommend!
5	I had looked everywhere for a pet sitter Christmas eve and day.. everyone was booked. My neighbor referred me to Theresa at Just Around the Corner.. she came and made 3 house visits, walked my hyperactive pitbull and was just great to work with. I will be calling them again this weekend for services!
5	I was in a bind when my dog sitter cancelled the day before my weekend trip. And then I found this place at the recommendation of my vet. I am so happy I did.  I called at almost 5 pm and talked to Theresa and she said there was no problem with the short notice.  As this was the first time my dog was staying with a sitter she was a little nervous going in but after a few minutes she was happy and playing with the other puppies. Watching her warm up I new I found the right place.  This dog sitting is run out of Theresa's home. She has gated off her house so the dogs can't get to places that they are not supposed to go. There is a doggie door that they can use to go outside in the yard and play.  Penny felt at home right away.  When I picked Penny up she was so excited to see me but really wanted to keep playing with her new friends. This place also offers day care for days when you have to work late. My only complaint is that my dog lost her sweater while there.  Theresa did say that she will call when it's found so I can pick it up.
5	Theresa and her crew are amazing! We have two kitties that they faithfully take care of whenever we go out of town whether it be for one night or 8 days. Now that Theresa cat sits, our kitties seem so much happier when we come home, almost as if they didn't even miss us. The staff is wonderful they always leave us a full report and take the time to play with both cats making them feel comfortable while we are gone. The staff takes the time to let the cats out on the balcony for a bit and even turns on the sink for one of our cats who loves to play in the water. They truly treat our pets as if they were their own, you can't ask for any more than that. Theresa always tries to fit us in and works with us for any short notice needs. It's much easier to go out of town feeling comfortable in knowing that you have trustworthy, reliable and compassionate people taking care of your pets and home. Thank you Just Around The Corner!!!!!
5	I cannot speak highly enough of Theresa and her team at Just Around the Corner. They are responsive and thoughtful in their care of our pets. Our cats have had medical issues that would have made it impossible for my husband and I to travel were it not for Just Around the Corner. They consistently go beyond our expectations in terms of caring for our pets as well as taking care of our home (gathering mail, watering the plants, etc). If you want peace of mind while you are away, then I highly recommend their services.
5	Getting ready to call Theresa, Jessie and crew and realized I had never given the appropriately glowing review.  They not only saved our hides when we really needed help, but they were great.  Really self-sufficient and the dogs loved them.  We have a very large puppy (he was 6 months at that time) and a little crazy dog too.  The dogs were SO happy to see the team and it was really easy and convenient.
5	JATC is amazing!  For almost two years now, Theresa and her team have been walking my dog and more recently been taking care of my dog at dog daycare.   My dog absolutely loves Theresa and going to JATC.  Theresa is truly an animal whisperer because she has a gift with animals.  I feel so comfortable having my dog cared for by Theresa.  She has also helped me soooo much juggling my work and school schedule. I'm so glad I found JATC and would recommend her hands down.
