3	I'm not one to usually go to a FedEx unless forced to do so.  And that's exactly what happened recently.I had ordered an expensive item and of course I was not available at home for the signature verification of delivery.  They do have a nice little option at FedEx that if you are unable to be home during their window of delivery, you can have it sent to one of these stores.  Fine and dandy and all that jazz, and it's just what I did.When I arrived to finally pick up my package it felt like I walked into a case of the Mondays......on a Thursday.  Every employee there had that awesome 'I wish I were dead instead of being here' look on their face.  I walked to the counter, ID in hand, and was still given the third degree for picking up my package.  I'm sorry, I didn't know you paid for it.  Cheer up, it's just a job.
2	They will ship your package, but not before giving you steaming pile of you know what for it. The employees there are disgruntled, impatient, and argumentative. They will attempt to make you share their personal and professional misery. I'll give 1 star for their convenient location and 1 star for them shipping my package.
3	I had a pretty easy time here getting some documents and large signs printed.  For print jobs, know that you won't be given free proofs.  This was not a problem for me since I had used InDesign and gave them .pdf files.  If you're using Word or something like that and will need things enlarged or reduced, no proofs is insane.  However, everything was printed out on time and looked great.The missing two stars are for the lack of customer service.  I had to wait at the counter (while there was no line) for more than 10 minutes before I was acknowledged each time I was there.  I understand that the staff may be looking something up for someone on hold or whatever, but you at least let me know that someone will help me shortly.   I'm reasonable like that.  When I called, it was like pulling teeth to get someone to look up the progress on my really expensive order that was on a deadline.  Ugh.
