4	Perhaps I'm a little jaded by being in L.A. so long.  I judge a place by how crowded it is.  My favorite Pho spot on sunset is ALWAYS crowded. I arrived at Que Huong after passing several Pho spots to find it, EMPTY.  I figured I came after the lunch rush.  I ordered the Pho Tai (beef rare steak pho noodle soup) and the fresh summer roll with shrimp and pork.  The summer roll was the bomb, and the peanut sauce it came with was akin to crack.  One bite and I couldn't stop myself. . . well I stopped myself from licking the bowl, but that was a lot of self restraint.  There was a hint of coconut which set off the awesome little dish.  I posted a picture, unfortunately I couldn't stop myself from eating one of the little buggers before I snapped a photo.  (note to self:  you may get strange looks for being the only person in the restaurant and taking pictures of your food before you eat) Only in vegas?  But I have to say the ingredients, shrimp and lemongrass were super fresh.  The pho tai came out and the bowl was huge!  Tons of noodles too which I dig.  But alas I must come to the point why I gave it 4 stars.  There wasn't a lot of meat, which is a bummer.  But more of a bummer was there there was NO ambiance to this place.  I could have felt a little less weird if there were music, a tv, any distraction besides being the only person, inhaling peanut sauce, and taking pictures of my food.  Ok, maybe I'm a little weird but someone should bring these folks a boom box.  Or might I suggest bringing your own Mp3 speakers and making a party?  All in all, good pho, awesome summer rolls, I will come back when the pho craving returns and I'm in vegas.  Oh and by the way, the total for the summer rolls, a hot tea, and the pho tai.  $10.45!!!  Maybe I should have given it a 5th star.
4	Very nice people running the place.  They aren't as busy as some of the more popular places in the area (Pho So 1, etc), but they serve great food at decent prices.About average on the cleanliness for an Asian place.However, their food is excellent.  Their Pho is great, I've had it a few times and it was excellent - all of their meats (steak/flank/chicken/etc) are good quality and their broth is great.It's just not in a prime location to attract a lot of traffic, haven't been here in awhile, but planning to go back when I have time.
4	OMG, i think this is the place i ordered banh mi at!!! this place is really good.... i havnt had the pho, but everyone else on yelp seems to love it!this place is really empty because its on Jones and its really dead in this plaza... not many people know about this place but i wandered in one day looking for hue thai and found this place by accident and IM GLAD I DID. The bread here is really goooooood. They don't have many banh mi choices but the ones they make is SUPPPPPPPPPERRR GOOD... one of the best i've had so i am absolutly a FAN OF THIS PLACE!cant wait to try the rest. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND
4	It's not your regular pho place here. They have some really neat dishes! The Pho Tai Sate is a must try. Ask the beef on the side if you don't want your beef to be soaked in the soup for too long. Ask for less spicy if you are not a big spicy eater like me. The spicy hotness is very similar to the Chinese hot pot type that stings into your tongue so be ready for that. They also have pig hock noodle soup and all sort of rice dishes. If you just want to stick to a regular pho, their pho is pretty good too.  Their soup is really hot (temperature per say) and it's a plus for me. BTW, you can ask for cooked bean sprout. I'm planning to go back there again already.
5	Ooooh, I can't wait to come back here and try the pho! The banh mi was to die for. I can't even believe how much I ate!Some of what passes for good Vietnamese in Vegas, is highly questionable. But this seems to be the real deal!
4	I went to this restaurant based on good Yelp reviews. As we walked thru the door, we were greeted with a warm smile and a friendly hello. The staff was very helpful in helping us to choose our meal. These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across. They really want to make your experience a good one.The restaurant decor is Yellow, with Green Plants, and Red Upholstery. The mirrors on the walls are clean. The table is average showing just a little wear, but still nice. Pop Rock Music is played, at a moderate volume I ordered a Spicy Soup Pate, It was pretty tasty.My lady friend ordered a noodle soup and was completely full.I was not filled up, so much, so I ordered another dish.. BBQ Rice.Three dishes, and a tip for under $25.00. The average price is about $6.95 on the menu.I like it and I will return... Food is 3.8 stars.. Service is 5 stars!Decor is 3.6 stars.Enjoy!
5	The Pho was excellent!  This is a great family owned place where service is a priority.  We need to keep places like this around!
2	This place has ruin its reputation faster than Tiger Woods. When I came here a while back, I remember reviews being positive but I had my doubts. After tasting the pho, I knew I had good reasons to be doubtful. The broth and noodles were flavorless. The only saving grace was the rest of the ingredients were acceptable and my Pho did come out hot.The only way you can have worse service than an Asian restaurant is not even executing the simplest request. I asked the water 3 times till I finally got my first cup of water. Water or some other drink should be given when  you sit down with your menu. The waiter just couldn't remember a cup of water, and there was only 2 other small groups in the restaurant. I'm surprised he actually got the right order.There are a bunch of other places on Spring Mountain, try one of those instead.
4	They have a delicious broth here but, the decor sucks so bad that it actually prevents me from coming back.But, if you are a hardcore pho lover this place has great broth, fresh meats, and the noodle are on the thinner side which I prefer.If I want to keep it on the down low and not see everybody at all the other pho places I come here .People there don't speak english so, there is alot room to talk business at the table.
5	Pho Que Huong!!  The pho here is the best that I've ever had in my life.  No I'm not on a mission to find the best pho in town or compare all the pho here in vegas and psycho analyze every single element that makes the ultimate pho noodle soup.  All I can say is that the moment I sip a spoonful of this broth, it puts me at ease.  Such a harmonious soup.  Refreshing yet has tons of flavor.  I could just imagine the hours that this broth had simmered just by looking at the glistening pearls of oil. Doesn't need a drop of extra condiments, just enjoy as is.  Maybe just a gentle squeeze of lime and a handful of bean sprouts, basil and cilantro... but that is just my preference.  Other things you must try...Spicy Beef Sate - Unlike anything I've ever had.  It's a thicker soup                                  noodle with specks of red chili pepper and herbs                                 and meat. For anyone who likes spicy... it will                                 rock your worldEgg Rolls - AMAZING.. I repeat.. AMAZING!! These are not your                      average egg rolls.  They are beer battered and fried to                      perfection. Wrap them in lettuce and pickled veg and dip                     in fish sauce.  Heaven on earth... trust me\Crispy Shrimp and Pork Omelet - Pan fried and crispy on the outside                      gooey inside folded over with fresh bean sprouts and                      thin slices of pork and shrimp.  Again, dip in fish sauce. ... Any of the sandwiches here are served using the crispiest french bread.  Don't know which we always order but nonetheless, always great.  Perfect to take out on a picnic.  Every time I go (in fact, I just had lunch there today..) I am tempted to try something new as there are like over 50 dishes on the menu more?..), I can't help but always bring my finger back to page one and get the "Pho Tai".  But one key ingredient that makes this restaurant complete is the love of chef and owner Mrs.Tran.  She is the quietest, tiniest, sweetest woman in the world, not to mention she can probably cook any Vietnamese dish you challenge her to. Pho Que Huong ... you feed my soul. Thank you...
2	Been living in Vegas for 5 years now and drove by this place so many but always hesitate to try it because the place always looked empty, which is not a good sign. Anyway, my family finally decided to try the place out just to see how their food was. When we walked in, the place was almost empty, even though it's Memorial holiday weekend. The furniture look old and raggy. Anyway, we were there for the food, so furniture didn't matter. We order Bun Thit Nuong, side of EggRoll,and Mi Trieu Chau, along with Soda Xi Muoi (salted plum) and Soda Chanh (soda lemonade). The drinks were so awful, tasted neither like lemonade nor anything good. The soda was flat and just nasty. Moving on to the food. Their food looked and tasted like stale noodle and meat. Their egg-rolls were burned and stored bought (because I bought that same "made in Vietnam" egg-roll at S&F market last year). They were not good. Worse, we found ants in the chili paste. Base on the mixed reviews of their Pho from other yelpers, I don't think I will ever be back to this place. Even though Pho#1 doesn't have the best Vietnamese food, it's still has the freshest food in Vegas. One upbeat thing: the waitress was nice and polite, which earns one additional star.
4	my friend and i was craving for "mi quang" and so we searched for a place and came across this restaurant. probably the second best mi quang place i have tried (only because the broth covers the noodles)FYI: traditional mi quang has soup broth that covers only 1/4 of the noodles, but at this place, the broth covers the whole noodle. just the way i like it..
5	Simple and delicious! Reminds me of home! Best pho I've had in Las Vegas. AND SUPERB customer service. Very mom and pop type.
3	Vietnamese restaurants can be found in most big cities (except Palm Springs, CA), so why the surprise in Vegas? And there are plenty of them. You have to count with both feet too if you really want to know.To the point, it served just ordinary Pho. Maybe they are not really Vietnamese since they speak Cantonese.We were the first customer at 10 AM on a Sat (Wendy's next door was my first choice but it opened at 11). I went straight to the Pho, item #1... the staple of Vietnamese dishes in USA. The broth was light and plain. It looked filtered, so was the flavor. It's a small bowl with pathetic amount of meats, not for the $7 in SoCal. Oop! I forgot. This was the touristy Vegas I'm talking about.So diners, there are so many options, better options, out there. Do you really want to take a chance on Que Huong?
4	Very good spring rolls. Pho tai was nice and fragrant. Really heavy on the scallions which I liked a lot. Service was quick and smiley. Better then any spot I've been to in NYC or Brooklyn. Yum!
4	I definitely consider this place one of the better pho restaurants in town. The pho broth is cleaner and heartier, the rare beef is tender, and when I ask for extra jalapenos, they give plenty! I tried their spicy noodles with beef and that was also fantastic... the portion was HUGE. The vermicelli noodles with charbroiled pork and egg rolls (Vietnamese-style salad) is one of my favorites. Prices are reasonable and any of the bowls can be ordered 'supersized' for a small upcharge (;I will most likely become a regular at this restaurant ;)
4	PQH is underrated and definitely deserves more attention.  I was sad to walk into an empty restaurant at 8pm on a Sat but based on the reviews, I had to give it a try.   We received excellent service....probably 5 star if you rate against Asian restaurants.The spring rolls with shrimp and pork were fresh because the rice paper wasn't dry or hard.  Many times, you'll get these at other places which means it was made before.  We ordered the Banh Xeo (crepe with shrimp, pork, bean sprouts) and although the crepe was nice and crisp, it was filled too much with bean sprouts.  It would have been nice to have more shrimp and pork but the flavor was spot on.  The pairing with the pickeled carrots and cucumbers in the lettuce wraps was the perfect combo.Based on Tomoko's recommendation, we also ordered the Beef Satay with Thick Rice Noodles.  This was super rich as the broth was really thick but was very flavorful.  I'd definiltey come back to try their pho, com (Rice dishes) and more. I hope this place gets more business.  I believe it's a hidden gem and many of the other Yelp reviewers agree.  It's like finding the younger sister of Pho So 1.
4	I had the chicken curry bun. In a word...it was DELICIOUS! I also liked the healthy portions of basil and sprouts that came out with it. Too bad they don't cater to vegetarian diets more.
4	We visited Las Vegas for the first time and were on our way out of town wanting to get something to eat and not pay an arm and a leg.  A quick search on Yelp Mobile (I wonder how I ever lived without this app) and we were led to Que Huong Vietnamese Restaurant.  After having had Food Court Chinese the night before on Las Vegas strip, I was craving some real food. My wife and I both had the pork chop with broken rice. Very good and on par with the Vietnamese restaurants in Little Saigon Garden Grove, CA.  Overall a really good meal with  friendly staff at a reasonable price. ~ $17 for both meals with a cafe sua da (Vietnamese Iced Coffee)
4	Everything is so delicious! I ate here twice, while I was in Vegas. The waiters are alright, but overall, the food is good and decent priced!
4	This restaurant has the best Banh Xeo in all of Las Vegas. I've tried them all over and so far they are the best. Their Pho is also decent (above average for Vegas).
