5	I have absolutely no complaints about this place.  The apartment complex has a Tuscan style theme.  The buildings and landscaping are very beautiful.  It is a little pricey but well worth it.  There are free wine nights once a week, dinners twice a month and yoga every Monday.  It's a great way to meet people.  I've made so many friends here.  There is such a great sense of community. The office staff is great and the maintenance is speedy.  There are two lavish pools, open 24 hrs and heated during the winter.  The location is pretty ideal; very close to the Chandler Mall, Target, 202 and 101.  I am buying a house soon and I will be very sad to leave :(
5	Great atmosphere, love the amenities and friendly, dedicated staff!
4	Used to live here when it was owned by a different company. They used to have weekly wine & cheese nights hosted at the clubhouse and most people in the office were very friendly. The community was very outgoing and many of us are still good friends even though we moved out (bought a house).Since we left, the property has been under new ownership and I've heard some negative things about. Hopefully they will bring back the weekly wine nights. In general, the new staff does not seem as warm and welcoming as the old staff.Amenities are nice and they offer fully furnished apartments. The option for a garage was also a big plus for us!Don't pay your rent with your credit card unless you want a $25 service fee. Paying with a direct deposit from your bank account is free :-)
1	Notice the dates on the reviews in here are from January 2013- prior to the new management taking over. Don't do it. New management staff is terrible. Maintenance stepped on my white sheets with their dirty brown muddy shoes to fix my fan. Glass shards were left on my floor when they replaced the windows in all buildings. Plus, the new management company now charges for water, sewer and trash where the old one didn't. I am still awaiting word from corporate on what the $30 fees were that were charged to me since after numerous emails the staff was unable to explain. When I called about my lease ending I was immediately asked "Are you moving out?", not "how can we keep you as a resident?"I would've stayed if the old management staff was there. I was denied a walk-through at my lease end because my lease ended November 30th, around Thanksgiving and then got a letter in the mail for charges they couldn't explain. Steer clear and find an apartment that isn't out to make money and cares about their residents
3	I have been living here from the past 6 months . Management is great , very friendly and very helpful. Services are done immediately . Pros: Nice community, friendly management apartments are spacious.Cons: They only have Century link and Noisy (by gardeners, cleaner) quite often.
