4	I was the office hero when I used to bring these in.  Their chocolate dipped cake donuts are "The freaking bomb-digadus", as one friend explained.  And their little donut holes... oh.... heaven.  I often would get there when they were still warm and it was like getting warm fries - you just had to eat some on the car.  They also will also have donuts you may not see other places, which is a nice.  Allows you to go to the same place for monthly donut runs without picking up the same box of donuts each time.  And did I mention how cheap they are?  SO cheap.  Well, cheap to your wallet, but definately not your waistline.
3	this is after all a donut shop...and one that has been there for years with many changes in ownership.Current ownership is very good, quality is excellent, they try hard to keep it clean but it's a very old building.Donuts are better than Dunkins, women that work there are adorable, coffee is quite good and it's a can't miss.
5	Note to self - do not write anything but 5 star reviews to a place that you frequent because your picture is attached to profile...My original review, 3 stars thinking that the 'A-OK' 3-star designation was an affirmation.Of course I wander in this morning and I am firmly rebuffed...evidently being called adorable isn't good enough nor are all the other positives I mentioned - it's the 3 stars.So, ignoring the fact that there aren't any outside tables...ignoring the fact that within an hour of direct sunlight, the place heats up unbearably...Ignoring the fact that I sometimes get pan-handled outside...ignoring the fact that I sometimes have to hunt them down for a refill on my coffee...ignoring the infrequent times I've gone there to find them closed because the baker pulled a no-show the night before (less frequent these days)...The donuts are always good, the coffee is quite good and the women are indeed adorable...a 5 star update.Now Linda, please, can I get refills?  ;-)
1	decent donuts but horrible coffee....
4	Oh, how I LOVE the donuts here!  Seriously, the most amazingly fresh donuts you will ever eat.  I have probably had every single variety offered, and still haven't found one that doesn't meet my donut-snob standard.  My favorites are the pink-frosted sprinkle cake donut, cinnamon crumb in cake and raised form, and the maple bars.  We have called ahead for large orders, which were always perfectly executed.  I only wish that this spot was on my way to work... although I'm gaining weight just thinking about it.  I'm ONLY taking off a star because their bathroom is seriously disgusting.  Really.  Don't go in there. EVER. But, ignoring that downside... this is the BEST donut shop in all of AZ!
4	If I were to stop and get a donut here..I am not saying I have, just if I did ..I have to say they remind me of the ones I love from So Cal.  They would I am guessing, have that light greasiness combined with sweetness. Probably they are lightly iced .I bet if I went there I would really like an old fashioned one. Just if I went there.
5	There are seriously some mornings in my house where my family will look at eachother ...say, "Donuts?" and we all magically know that this donut craving can't be satiated by simply Dunkin. Though these mornings are few and far between because my family has more of a convenience over quality attitude, they do occur. My mother discovered Rainbow donuts because she works in Phoenix and before Dunkin had its viral takeover of Arizona, it was the only place to get donuts on the way to the office.As far as donuts go I honestly don't think there's a way that Rainbows donuts could be any better. Maybe if they were covered in diamonds and had reverse calories. Everything they have tastes fresh even if it's bought at closing time. The prices are so cheap that I wonder how they even stay in business. The employees are always super friendly. Convert your donut religion to Rainbow donuts today. See the light. Repent!
5	Love their blueberry cake donuts. Its soft, flavorful, and not too sweet. Too bad that it is only a weekend special, I guess I have to stick to chocolate frost and sugar raised.
5	The BEST fritters anywhere. Seriously! Apple is my favorite. I used to live in the neighborhood, then a crack-head jumped my wall and tried to steal my bike. I was so over living cheap and we moved. But as I sit here in Surprise in suburbia safeness and chain hell, craving a donut this morning, this location of Rainbow donuts is where I wish I could be. I also miss the sandwiches/Gyros from the Shell Station at Central and Dunlap-best Gyros too. But, I digress... Tried all the various donuts and loved them,but the fritters haunt me- cheap price was a bonus. For $5 we had Saturday morning covered for breakfast. Sigh, missing the donuts...
5	I'm out of the closet!Yay!No more hiding who I really am!I'm a proud member of the Rainbow Donuts coalition.It's not a choice...not just a lifestyle selection (although the donut selection is, in fact, quite robust)...no, it's how I am constructed!OK, actually I'm bi...I enjoy the occasional "breakfast burrito", but if I'm pressed to choose...I'll take the hole and the "Old Fashioned Glazed" that surrounds said hole.That and a good cuppa.And that's one of the things that separates Rainbow from the rest...the coffee...outstanding Italian roast, well made and very inexpensive...with enough refills to take a bath in.And I would bathe in the coffee (and possibly the donut glaze) except for the inevitable "dust-up" that always occurs when I let my impulses run wild and free!Don't get me wrong...the donuts are terrific and the nice young lady behind the counter was almost as sweet as the apple fritters.I had a client meeting there this morning (I know, I spare no expense!), and my clients were just as charmed as I was with Rainbow...the great coffee, the terrific donuts and fritters and the pleasant service (not to mention free wi-fi for my meeting) all combine to make Rainbow Donuts a significant step above the rest.Most of all, it's the place where I can feel free to be my real, authentic self...out, loud and proud!And growing a little with each fritter.
5	These donuts are the best ever!   I don't care if they shorten my life 5 minutes...it's worth it!  You can taste every light and creamy, fluffy layer when you bite down into a chocolate long john...with just the right amount of delightful chocolate on top!   Try a buttermilk bar...crispy on the outside lite and tasty in the middle...there are no better in this town!  O boy do I want one right now!
4	Great donuts.  I think they are just a slight step below BoSa, but they are very good.
5	Love these donuts! I can never buy just one donut because they all look Sooooo good! Needs a shop in the East valley.
3	What a great little neighborhood donut shop!Free Wi-Fi, great cappuccinos, and DONUTS! What else do you need?!Oh, and they are actually doing Yelp deals! I did my first Yelp deal here, getting a discount on my order for checking in on Yelp!It's like free donuts! Woot!!
3	I've been to this location 2 times. While their maple bacon donuts are VERY delicious, both times I have gone to get a Ham and Cheese Croissant. It's right there on their menu-(http://www.rainbowdonutscafe.com/croissants.html). Yet both times they didn't have any. So this time I asked "Do you still make them", and her response was "Every once in a while". WHAT!?Note to Rainbow: Don't put something on your menu that you don't regularly serve. I won't be heading back even though the maple bacon donuts are yummy.
5	Yum best donuts in Phoenix.
5	5 stars for the kolaches and the customer service! Sam the co-owner chatted it up with my boyfriend and I while we ate our kolaches at the counter.My boyfriend is from Texas and knows his Kolaches. We've noticed the sign on the sidewalk and finally made it in. They claim it is the ONLY place dishing out the Texas Kolaches (I'll stand by that claim --we've been looking for Kolaches for awhile now). They serve up spicy sausage, regular, and spicy ham & jalapeno - all served with cheese, yes please. If you have never had a kolache it is similar to a pig-in-a-blanket amped up on yumminess.They have an espresso machine and many donuts choices. I will be saving that experience for next time. Oh, and I also read someone's review on breakfast burritos - looking forward to that too.It's an older place that reflects its age. With a little sprucing up it could the cutest and best donut/kolache shop in town!
5	Two words: Texas Kalaches. Haha! We also tried the Maple Bacon Donut and it was surprisingly good (I couldn't eat a whole one, but its good!). I wish it wasn't so far away, though!
5	The maple bacon doughnut was tasty, but the cherry fritter blew. my. mind. My iced coffee was decent as well. I anticipate returning to rainbow doughnuts!
3	I liked Rainbow Donuts.  They had a fair selection of donuts that appeared to be made on the premises.  The coffee was fine.  Not a lot of seating, but the morning I was there most people got take out; so, we didn't have a hard time snagging one of the three booths (there are two are three small tables as well).  They have free Wi Fi which I really appreciated now that I often read the morning news"paper" on a screen.  The service was OK, though I don't think the polite young woman behind the counter had had her coffee yet.  They were out of whipped cream donuts when I got there which was very disappointing, but I enjoyed the ones I had (chocolate chocolate cake, raspberry jelly, half a glazed donut).  I'd definitely go back next time I'm in Phoenix, and I'd get there early to try one of the whipped cream donuts.
4	This place is pretty good. Definitely beats dunkin and it has almost a cult like following with one of my dental professors. "Students, today we are graced with a special treat. Do not be ashamed to eat these donuts. They stand above the rest." Good? Yes. Enough to make an impact. Not dying to go back right now but then again I just finished eating the following (I probably should not think about eating for a while)-Glazed french cruller:  best of that variety I have ever had. It completely melted in my mouth. -Glazed donut hole: unremarkable-Sprinkled vanilla cake:  not a fan but I am a yeast girl at heart-Cherry frosted cake: quite good but never would have guessed was cherry flavored had I not checked the website-Buttermilk: rich, decadent, dreamy. I had never tried buttermilk before, but if you are looking for a donut that makes an impact, this is it.  The buttermilk and french cruller would be my go to donuts next round but I want to try more....the apple fritter, raspberry jelly filled...so many donuts, too little time
3	I came in  on an early Friday morning to buy a dozen and a half of donuts for my co- workers. The man behind the counter found it odd I order such an amountapparently, by the way he repeated my order. In my case 1 dozen would have been too little, 2 dozen too many and I didn't want to waste any. That alrady made me feel uncomfortable. Just fulfill whatever order you get, I am customer. It was my first time here, after many, many drive by's. He asked me what flavors and suggested to make a mix, I didn't have a preference, as I just liked an assortment. Again I was frowned upon. Just give me your bestselling flavors...what's the problem. Well, I guess it was once and never again. The donuts were fresh tasting, but the service was far beyond friendly. To bad, you could have earned a new customer.
5	I stop by here to get my Texas kolaches ever chance I could, they make it so good with either spicy sausage, regular sausage, or ham& cheese. So so sooooooooooooo good (haven't found any other place that have Texas kolaches).  Their ham&cheese croissant are so darn good also. Lastly, can't forget the donuts. They are all so yummy. Great service also, the young ladies working here is so polite and helpful.
5	great place, donuts made fresh everyday.  the owners are great, it is the best.
5	5 stars all of the way!  The cute girl behind the counter recommended the maple bacon donut.  It was interesting and not bad by any means but it wasn't for me.  The apple fritter on the other hand!!!!!    It was amazing.I recently moved to Phoenix and have been looking for a good donut shop like I had at home.  I haven't even been able to find a good cake donut in this town.  I have been settling for dunkin donuts, safeway or frys crappy selection.I brought donuts in for the office and they were talked about all day.  I have a feeling I will be stopping by very soon to pick up more office goodies.
4	Tasty donuts in a convenient location. I've had their coffee rolls and other regular donuts and all of them are good.
5	It doesn't matter which doughnut(s) you choose, they are all incredible. There is no comparison. Rainbow doughnuts are addicting.
4	Items selected included:Blueberry CakeButtermilk CakeStrawberry RaisedApple FritterChocolate OreoMaple BaconFor their last day in Phoenix I took my mother and aunt to La Grande Orange - easily my favorite spot in The Valley - but being late risers I decided to grab some donuts beforehand just down the street at Rainbow Donuts, an independent branch of the local chain that many claim to make the best donuts in the area.  Opening early - I believe 4am - and at least by 5:15am when I arrived on 12/31 the shop is small and anything but trendy, the only other patrons during my visit a trio of old veterans who apparently meet there daily, but with a friendly staff and an interesting selection of classics and novel options alike I have to say I was pleasantly surprised.Selecting a half dozen donuts and taking portions of each home it likely comes as no surprise that the warm cake donuts were my favorite - the buttermilk bar literally still dripping glaze - and with the blueberry subtle and light plus the fritter less greasy than the average with a great crunch giving way to cinnamon apples within I enjoyed all three more than those that were raised - the dough a bit less wispy or raised than I prefer and the frosting on both the maple and the strawberry a bit too artificial, though the Oreo option was admittedly quite good as the frosting approximated the flavor of Nestle Quick.
5	On a whim while missing home, I did a Yelp search for Texas Kolaches and Rainbow Donuts is what I got.  It's not close to my house, being in Phoenix, but luckily, it is close to my new job.  I don't make it up here nearly often enough, but when I do, it's always worth it!  Not only are they the only place in Phoenix with Texas Kolaches (that sign isn't lying...I can't find them anywhere else), they also have a huge selection of donuts!  My personal favorites are the spicy sausage kolache and chocolate frosted buttermilk donuts.  I've tried the bacon maple donut, and it was good, but it really needed more bacon (is there such a thing as ever enough bacon?).  Other winners are of course, the sprinkle donut, the cake donuts, and some kind of chocolate cake donut with a honey glaze.  Really, I don't think I've ever had a bad donut here.  The woman behind the counter is always friendly and patient with me as I take forever deciding what I want (I always go in for 1 or 2 and come out with 6 or 7).  There are a few Rainbow Donuts sprinkled around town, but they're all independently owned.  I've never tried the others, so just to be safe, you better just come to this one.  :)
5	Had to introduce our OH-IO group out for our wedding to the Maple Bacon Donuts...AMAZING!!!
5	My fiance is from Texas and when he moved here to be with me I was so sad that we wouldn't get to have any Kolache's anymore. HOWEVER, he is so amazing and found this location. We went less than 24 hours after we heard about it and it was soooooo AMAZING! We will go back and I'm glad I found my Texas favorite in Arizona. :)
5	Bacon doughnuts, need i say more! At $2 it is well worth it! It's like breakfast in a handy snack. Also regular fresh made doughnuts are only $1! I did my paper here no wifi but there were tables and an outlet. Lots of parking and a bathroom. Closes at 3 or 4pm
5	Cheap! Delicious donuts! It reminds me of the donut shops they have all over Southern California. My girlfriend got one filled with whipped cream (not custard like a Boston creme, but actual whipped creme). Open from 4am til 7pm! Not fancy and definitely a "sometimes" food choice, but perfect for what it is.
3	This place was good for a spontaneous donut craving one Sunday morning...I happened by here when another place was closed on Sunday. It wasn't busy and also didn't have as many donut options as I expected. On this particular day, it didn't look anything like some photos I've seen. I wanted something creme-filled, but alas -- no luck. I did get a dozen donut holes to go, and yes they were tasty but I was left a little disappointed because I didn't get what I had a taste for.They have plenty of parking and a counter inside with TV. No complaints about the service.It may be that they were in the middle of making more donuts or getting some more in. I'll stop by again to give it another chance.
5	THEY HAVE KOLACHES!!! Delicious, perfect savory kolaches, along with the nicest staff ever! I review on Yelp quite a bit and I am just in love with this little shop. I drive here from Goodyear every weekend. So worth it.
3	Better than Krispy Kremes sugar-and-air donuts, Dunkin's more cakey donuts, overly greasy grocery store donuts, and Bosa's lower quality. Haven't tried their coffee or other options, so I can't speak to those.But like some people mentioned, the availability isn't always the best. Those maple-bacon ones are always gone before I can get to them!
5	Great you just have to get there on Sunday before early church gets out its a great shop and great service will be returning soon
4	Always fresh, and always a hit when I bring them in to work.  The cream filled donuts are wonderful.
3	We wandered in while waiting for an oil change down the street. 10am on a drizzly Saturday meant they were cleared out of a lot of donuts, not surprising. We each got a donut and coffee and sat down to eat. Coffee is pretty good here. The teenage girl behind the counter told us she couldn't run the espresso machine, but oh well. My buttermilk donut was pretty yummy. Not sure I would ever come back, but it was good for an impromptu visit.
5	Three words: maple bacon donut. Go here, you won't regret it. It looks like a cute little diner on the inside, with little barstools & the like.
5	Bacon maple donut is unreal, seriously off the radar. Was in love at first bite then had another. Place is clean and staff super friendly.
5	So tasty! We went to three Rainbow Donuts locations in one day looking for their famous Maple Bacon donut.  The first two locations didn't have it, but we of course tried some donuts and they are the softest donuts I've ever had, and this was at 11 in the morning, so they'd been sitting a while, and still so soft!  We finally decided on the third place (this location) to see if they had the donut we were looking for.  Her response, "no, but we can make some for you, when will you be here and how many would you like?"  What??  That's amazing service.  And the donut lived up to the hype completely!  Definitely will return, soft and delicious donuts!
4	I live nowhere near here (thank God!) but have had their donuts from co-workers bringing them in and have been in store. I recently tried the Texas kolache, which is a breaded sausage and cheese pastry. You can get it spicy or not, I chose for the not spicy warmed up. It was delicious! As far as donuts, their glazed is addicting. I also got an iced chai, which was very flavorful and delicious. Restaurant inside has bar seating and a few tables. Staff is also really friendly. Overall winner here!!
1	Got in line with my daughter when we observed the lady in front of us returning a few donuts. Expecting the donuts to go in the trash per food regulation, I walked out after seeing them being placed back with the other donuts to be sold (again).
4	Good little donut shop with a large selection and good pricing. I have only been here on weekday mornings, so as the day goes on, I'm sure the selection dwindles. My favorite is the apple fritter. Like another yelper said, it's crispy on outside and soft on the inside with a ton of apples.  I've also gotten the iced coffee (because I didn't want to make another stop). It was good, but for the price, I probably wouldn't get it regularly.Regular donuts $1.00Fancy donuts $1.95 (I think....)Iced coffee $2.35 (or close to that....comes in large only)Don't quote me on the pricing, I'm going by memory and believe it or not, that's not always accurate.Easy to access of 7th st, plenty of parking, friendly service.
5	Great donuts! Don't see what you want? No problem, they will make it for you on the spot! You won't get a fresher donut than that!
5	Mmmmm... glazed donut.... I feel like Homer Simpson with how much I love the glazed donuts here.  Being from Texas, I am sorely missing glazed donuts from Shipley's.  Anyone from the south knows that those are the BEST DONUTS EVER!  But since Shipley's isn't in AZ, this place is a good second.  The donuts are soft, the inside is moist and doughy, yet light at the same time.  The glaze on the outside is sweet, but not sickeningly so like at Krispy Kreme.and WAIT... I just saw that another review said they have Texas kolaches??  I need to get back there stat!
3	Good selection, decent prices, pretty good donuts. Worst iced coffee I've ever tried in my life, though!!
3	I think it's so cool that they have a door that opens and closes! Cool place. Can't wait to try you guys out again !
