5	Stellar locally sourced ingredients plus high-quality ingredients from far away places when needed to finish this frozen work of art  they call gelato. No bright colors , artificial colors needed here. Very nice humble owners with a passion one can taste. I got goosebumps trying the pistachio! In the old H2Oasis building in the middle of the parking lot.
5	Stopped by today and was blown away! Seriously the best gelato I have had in the US. Maybe even better then what I had in Italy too. Made with all fresh ingredients and it really comes through in the quality and taste. Very clean and cute shop with a super friendly staff. It was busy but the wait was minimal. I would wait in line though even if it was around the block. Yes, it really is that good.
5	What are you waiting for?! Fantastic new addition to the Park Road Shopping Center. It is smack dab in the middle of the shopping center surrounded by mid-century seating and great landscaping.The owner and his passion for making fresh, local ingredient filled gelato is what won me over...well, and the deliciously flavored gelato! He makes it daily. They use environmentally friendly plastic spoons too. Bonus.I could have eaten every flavor! The vanilla was fantastic, the mango was so creamy (even though no milk is used in the fruity flavors), and the pineapple was scrumptious! Oh, and the almond...Mmmmm! You see?! Gotta get you some.This is my new favorite dessert stop, perfectly timed for summer!
5	Fantastic gelato!  Locally sourced ingredients and a staff/ownership that truly cares for their product. Move aside froyo!
3	Delicious gelato is at your finger tips!  When shopping at the Park Road Shopping Center - pop in here for a little treat.  Very small storefront and ordering was a little confusing when we were there.  Folks were just milling around and we were't sure where the line was or what to do first.  Finally we figured it out tho and I had the pistachio which was DIVINE!  There is no seating inside for now - only outside which is fine with me.  Will definitely come again!
5	We love Va Da Vie. The owners are the nicest addition to Park Road Shopping Center and the Gelato is delicious. Whenever we've visited (many times), we feel like we are visiting friends. A small serving goes a long way!
5	Great place! Uses local cream and all fresh ingredients. Definitely worth the time. So glad to have them in the neighborhood!
5	I am a big gelato fan... This place is finally what Charlotte's been looking for!  I had the creamy almond, and my wife had the chocolate... The other best gelato I've ever had was at Luna Rosa in Greenville South Carolina. This gelato definitely gives it a run for the money!  Let's support this place because we don't want it to go away ....gelato is hard-to-find in Charlotte!... At least good gelato is!
5	This place is cool and brand new - my crew loves the fresh gelato in all the flavors.  Nothing negative comes to mind.  Beautiful space!  Friendly/sweet/helpful staff.
5	Attention people of Charlotte! This place is THE place for gelato! For those of you who are familiar with Capagiro in Philadelphia, this place is Charlotte's version and it is awesome! All their gelato is made fresh daily with dairy from local farmers and you can taste it in the quality and deliciousness. While all the flavors that I tried were fantastic the Strateiatella was unbelievable..... Folks this is a must buy! Why is it so good? Well they add salt to their chocolate to give a slight salt flavor which wakes up the chocolate and it is heavenly. The owners Wendy and John are super nice people and I am so glad that Charlotte now has phenominally superior gelato place and I hope everyone of you reading this review goes to visit them in the Park Road Shopping Center. Tell them the big ball Paul send you lol. I am so glad to see Charlotte stepping up to the big boys food scene now. Yeay!
5	Amazing gelato - creamy, refreshing, and decadent! The lemon ricotta was out of control!!!!! The owners are super nice and let us sample several flavors. Beware, the small is reeaallllly small, and not cheap either. But I don't mind paying for a high quality product - definitely worth it!
5	Great, authentic Italian gelato.  We had pistachio, almond, and bachio (chocolate hazelnut). All really well done.I've lived in Italy and had a lot of gelato. This place is as good as it gets and would do well and the streets of Italy. They make everything from scratch in the shop.Gelato is denser and richer than ice cream, so the portions look smaller but they last longer.  Try multiple flavors together, it's wonderful.
5	I kept forgetting about this place that is smack dab in the middle of Park Rd Shopping Center.  Normally I go in & out, but this is a great reason to stay a bit longer at the recently (and still under) renovated complex.  I read somewhere that the goal of the developer is to keep people there for a few hours when they come visit - this place will definitely make that happen.I showed up at 8:30 and luckily they were still open (they normally close at 8), we were the last two customers.  I saw blueberry on the menu and asked for a taste.  AMAZING.  The blueberries are fresh & local from Bush-n-Vine in York, SC.There are a few benches outside where you can sit and enjoy the gelato - while I was sitting, I had to google gelato to understand how food can taste so amazing.
5	Seriously delicious.  I stopped by the week before they opened.  Actually, I drove by super slow and stalkerish to try and see what this new place was.  The owner came outside to invite me in.  How nice is that?  He explained how they make all their gelato from scratch from local ingredients.  He and his wife went to school to learn how to make it the authentic way.  I came back after they opened and was able to sample every flavor.  Everything was just delicious.  So far I've enjoyed the lemon ricotta and chocolate hazelnut (nutella anyone?!?!) and have stolen tastes of the strawberry, pineapple and blueberry sorbets from my kids.  So so good.
5	What an amazing treat to Park Road Shopping Center & Charlotte.  On a hot afternoon I decided to stop in and was overwhelmed by the welcomed greeting from the owner and, I believe, his daughter. Not only do you get to taste a variety of flavors you get an explanation of how gelato is made, temperature it is stored at, and great service. After tasting the lemon and coffee bean I was sold. I chose the medium cup with both flavors, and oh, what a treat! I am Italian and have grown up with gelato my entire life. Va Da Vie is one of the best I have ever had. Don't miss this new gem in Park Road Shopping Center.
4	I have a thing for frozen treats... ice cream, soft serve, fro yo, frozen custard... bring it on! Gelato holds a special spot in my tummy... It's one of my fave frozen treats. Charlotte now has a legit gelato place in a great location. This cute little gelato shop popped up in the middle of Park Road Shopping Center. Like most gelato shops they had a variety of flavors made with locally sourced ingredients. They had about 8 flavors ranging from the requisite vanilla and chocolate to fresh cantaloupe sorbetto and lemon ricotta. Make sure to sample a few! Every flavor I tried was good. I recommend getting the medium size ($5) which allows you to get up to two flavors! I decided on chocolate and stracciatella. Fantastic combo!The store was aesthetically pleasing. White building, nicely decorated interior, but the thing I didn't like was how the gelato was presented. I'm used to gelato shops creating elaborate displays of their gelato. I usually pick it based on how good it looks in the tray (yeah, yeah... how vain of me... lol). I couldn't actually see any of the gelato until it was scooped out of the container. I guess it's just different from every other gelato shop I've been to. The other minor annoyance... Va Da Vie closes so early! (Hours Tues-Sun 11:30am to 8pm) While I really enjoyed their gelato, I usually want frozen treats after dinner on a Friday or Saturday... well after Va Da Vie closes. As many other Yelpers have stated, this is a stand alone building and not a store front in the shopping center.Overall, I'd recommend checking them out. I'll be back to check out more flavors but not as often as I would like simply because of their hours.
3	Very nice experience. Good gelato BUT small portions for top prices. Also, a must is homemade cones, they only offer cups. I sense it's a new business and I'm hopeful that those changes will be made. Also, they need more outside seating.
5	Finally! Charlotte gets the gelato it deserves. And in a great location in the Park Road shopping center where you can get some after a movie or whatever. I had the lemon ricotta. A small cup is all you need and it is perfect and worth every penny.
5	Was in italy for a few weeks and this is as close as it gets. Hubby and i shared a pistachio, coffee and chocolate and it was delicious!
5	This place is great. Flavors change regularly but highly recommend the lemon ricotta or coffee flavored ones. All are made in-house using fresh and local (when possible) ingredients.My only complaint is that it would be nice if it was open later than 8pm on weekends!
4	There's no question they have great gelato. We tried the pistachio, chocolate, and the stracciatella with chocolate bits.  All were rich, creamy, and full of flavor - everything you want in a good gelato. Serving sizes are typically smaller at gelato shops but these did seem very small for the price.  For those interested in gelato it's definitely worth a try.
5	Delicious gelato! My husband and I shared the cantaloupe sorbetto and the hazelnut chocolate gelato. Both were really good! Great addition to Park Road Shopping Center!
5	There's not much to say that hasn't already been said. They use fresh, quality ingredients, make their gelato and sorbets on site, and care about what they do and how they do it. From the hand scraping of each and every vanilla bean to their *spotless* establishment & unrivaled customer service, you can count on Va De Vie Gelato becoming a Charlotte staple for years to come.PS...The Lemon Ricotta deserves an award!
5	Calling all parents: when your kids want ice cream take them here! All the gelato is handmade with fresh ingredients, so it's a healthy frozen treat when you're craving something sweet. Bonus: their sorbet is made with local fruit, which means the flavor is phenomenal! They are generous with their sample scoops, which makes it difficult to pick a flavor. You can pick 2 flavors when you order a regular size cup and 3 flavors when you order a large. I ended up choosing the cantaloupe sorbet, lemon ricotta gelato, and stracciatella gelato. Sooo good! I would definitely come back again to try the other flavors. If you're looking for legit gelato, come here. Your tastebuds will thank you.
5	10 Stars out of 5!Ok so I've sung the praises about John and Wendy's incredibly awesome creamy gelato flavors. Now I'm moving onto their sorbets. Guess what? SAME STORY! AWESOME GOODNESS! I tried all 4 of their fruit sorbets. Watermelon? Great. Was afraid to try the cantaloupe since I'm not a huge fan of that fruit. But OMG was it great! John said it's not the store bought variety. There's a local farmer who grows this "sugar square" variety and it is SOOOO good! Who would have thunk?Then there's the fresh lemon with lemon pieces in it and it is SO refreshing.....like frozen lemonaide!My fave though is their blueberry which is almost black/purple in color. It is oh so good.The amazing thing is that John and Wendy pay so much attention to quality that it comes out in the flavors: perfect balance of sweetness, fruit flavors, creaminess and overall texture.So again....a HUGE SHOUT OUT TO JOHN AND WENDY for opening up this phenomenal busiess for all of us to enjoy!
2	As fans of small business in general, and as a local business owner myself, my wife and I could not wait for Va Da Vie to open. The fact that they were setting up inside the Park Road Shopping Center, a favorite area of ours since we are only 1 mile up the road, was just a huge plus. For the past 8 weeks I have made it my mission to introduce everyone in my office to VaDaVie and even have made sure to make a stop for gelato a must when relatives have been in town. Usually I can count on the smiling face and warm greeting from the male owner which has more than made up for the cold shoulder you get from the female owner who is always there. Tonights experience turned the usual cold shoulder and kicked it up a few notches as my wife walked in past 8:00pm (8:12pm to be exact) as the door was still open and there were still people in line ordering and two women sitting enjoying their gelato inside; just what a new small business would like right?! Instead she received a very snarky "I better lock the door or else people will just keep coming in" from the female owner followed by the comment "well I'm not going to turn you away now" after my wife asked if she should leave. WOW!, what a reception to give when you are trying to start up a small business! What a problem to have, people lining out the door to buy some of your product and they are greeted with this poor attitude?!Great gelato but will not return based on the principle. From one small business owner to another; this is not the way to build a successful business.
5	John & Wendy truly focus on quality ingredients.  I was ecstatic to find this amazing gelato but even more thrilled to find out they had only been open a week at that time.  This review has been sitting unfinished all Summer.  I hope you have had a chance to try it and if not run there now!  After living in Italy, I can tell you that this is the real deal.  We even got to try the gelato as John was making it in the Effe machine.  Effe machine + amazing ingredients + a killer recipe = REAL GELATO!  They locally source as much as they can, milk from a local dairy farm, local fruit, etc.  Most importantly, the pistachios come from Sicily (only the best in the world).My favorite flavors were lemon ricotta, pistachio & baccio.  And for the love of Italy, learn how to say them in perfect Italian form.Buon appetito!
5	We loved it. We have finally found a great gelato shop in Charlotte.Have the pistachio. Bring back your friends, they will love it.Get back on yelp and let the people know what you think.
5	I stumbled upon this place on Yelp of course and after only being open a few months and with 30 reviews I really wanted to check it out. Gelato in Charlotte, how perfect! Located smack int he middle of the Park Road shopping center you can't miss this cute little white bungalow, filled with Italian perfection. This had to be a group event since I was so excited to stop by! Colin, Brittany and I made a special trip simply for Gelato and we showed up right before they closed.  Even in the middle of closing up shop, the family owned business was happy to serve and chat with us. Using local and fresh ingredients, this place is greaaatt, I'm still dreaming of gelato. I got coffee and toasted almond flavors, Brittany went with vanilla and coffee while Colin choose vanilla and watermelon. All were fabulous. Yummmm! I hope nothing but growth and happy customers for this new business.
5	Now that summer is almost over I honestly hope Vada Via has winter hours because I am addicted! I love all the fresh ingredients and that they use local farmers fruit. I adore every single flavor I have tried. So yummy! I cannot say enough good things.
3	So, I kind of hate to be the only one giving a modest review but I am particular about great service; that is usually why I try to patronize local businesses when possible. The Good:  I had seen the write up in the paper and I was so excited to try this cute new gelato place. I love the fact that they use local ingredients and I thought the gelato was very good.  It wasn't the best I have ever had, but it was well done with bright flavor and consistency.  The prices are typical for the area; I purchased a large so that I could try 3 flavors and it was $6.50 including tax.  The Bad: So, the owner was the one taking the orders on a Saturday night and he was trying to move the line along, which was fine.  I was the last person in line and I chose 2 flavors and asked him about his preference between vanilla and almond.  He just recited the ingredients and I selected vanilla.  I then tried to engage him about his product and mentioned the article in the paper and he just completely ignored me to give my cup to the girl at the counter who bluntly asked, "What did you want?"  She put the flavors in and couldn't be bothered to wipe the cup, which had gelato all over it, handed it back to the owner, who placed it on the counter in front of me as I paid, melting gelato running down the sides of the cup.  So, a good product, with poor presentation and mediocre to poor service.  It may not be "sourced locally" but at least the kids working in Sweet Frog are excited about their product and really do a great job with service.  Sadly,  I probably won't return.
1	Really? Closed at 8:00 PM on weekends during the summer! I don't even start thinking about gelato until 8:30. Come on! You have a 4 star  Mexican restaurant, pizzas parlor, and movie theater  within stones throw. I give this business 6 months until it fails.
5	Delicious! They had real homemade gelato made with real local organic ingredients. The staff was friendly and helpful. The shop was very clean and organized. Even the outdoor area was very clean. Prices are reasonable. I'll be going back!
5	The owner of this place is an awesome guy. My husband and I went there tonight, and we served with such kindness. After they had closed for the night, people kept coming, and instead of ignoring, the owner spoke to each one of them and asked them to come back. He shared with them that they had a website, and to be sure to check it out. Both my husband and I were really blessed by his kindness and hospitality. I hope we can spread the word!
5	Loved it. Fresh, local ingredients. The watermelon sorbet was delicious. Staff is very friendly. Will definitely be back for more.
4	Wow! This is hands down the best gelato in North Carolina. I would be giving this place 11 stars it weren't for the fact that they close at 8 p.m. I rarely eat ice cream/gelato before dinner, but I would be a regular if they stayed open until 10 or 11 p.m. I hope the owners will reconsider their hours and hire staff to help serve their customers with a late night sweet tooth, like myself.
4	The gelato was fabulous!!  Loved talking to the owners while we selected our flavors.  :)
5	They say that the way to a man's heart is through his stomach. In my case, gelato is the secret weapon. Not just any gelato, however. The gelato should be made in the traditional fashion with fresh dairy, locally-sourced ingredients, and a little bit of love. I've been looking for a place in Charlotte that makes gelato like this and now I've found it. Va Da Vie makes some of the best gelato that I've ever had. I started with a traditional pairing:  bacio and stracciatella. The bacio is perfectly made with Italian hazelnuts and creamy milk chocolate. The sublime stracciatella is made with local dairy and rich dark chocolate. I could eat this pairing every day. I also tried several other flavors including coffee bean, chocolate, and banana. The coffee bean stood out for its flavor. The beans seemed to pop on to your tongue. The banana tasted like the bananas were picked off the tree this morning. And the chocolate? Well, it's chocolate and it was pretty darned good, too. If you're a lover of gelato, make your way over to Va Da Vie and fall in love again.
5	Went in for the first time yesterday and I am SO glad I did! Loved the Stracciatela and Blood Orange. Can't wait to go back!
5	This place is amazing! The owner and his family are extremely friendly and will offer you as many samples as you would like, all while telling you what that particular Gelato was made with. I love that they work with local farmers for their fresh fruit sorbets. I had the vanilla and coffee bean flavors which were so rich in flavor and creamy smooth! I can't wait to return and I will surely spread the word about this yummy fresh Gelato!
5	WOWWWWWWWWWW.....This place is amazing -- It has to be the best gelato in town!! If there is ever a day that I leave the Charlotte area, I will miss this place dearly. I've had gelato all over NYC and this place tops it!This place was recommended to me by my friend Paul and oh boy did it live up to the expectations. The staff here is super friendly and they actually encourage you to sample. I tried 5 different flavors and they we all delicious (coffee bean, vanilla bean, hazelnut, stracciatella, lemon ricotta). I ended up getting a medium size cup with hazelnut and stracciatella and it was just absolutely AMAZING. The store is small but there's seating outside as well - it's also spotless, you can find a spec of dirt anywhere. I haven't tried gelato anywhere else in town as I just moved to area, but I'm confident in saying that this is one of the best, if not THE best gelato spots in town.
5	Best gelato EVER! The space is lovely and so are the owners! Great addition to the area.My recommendation: Hazelnut and Vanilla Bean. It will change your life!
5	Authentic Italian Gelato has come to Charlotte!  Truly the best gelato I have tasted this side of Rome...Molto Delizioso !!
4	Lovely, little place in a cool strip mall filled with neat businesses. Two medium sized portions were $10.82. My almond and bacio (hazelnut chocolate) was delish and filled with nuts. The almond tasted like almond butter but so much better; no extract here. Boyfriend had lemon gelato and sorbet, enjoyed both, finished his way faster than I finished mine. Clean, neat operation with pleasant employees.
5	Italy has nothing on Charlotte, now that Va Da Vie has arrived at the Park Road Shopping Center. Before I give you a review on the pistachio gelato made from Bronte nuts from the volcanic soils at the base of a Sicilian volcano and the two types of vanilla beans, painstakingly scraped into each batch of vanilla...let me tell you what I know about gelato. Several years ago, when I lived in the QC, my husband and I wanted to open a gelato franchise that shall-not-be-named.  Once we discovered the product was made from a pasteurized pre-made mix and the so-called "natural" flavor lineup included blue BUBBLEGUM, we knew this wasn't going to work. (Not to mention, the franchise fee was insane.) Fast forward several years to today, and my husband and I have had many, many cups of gelato from gelaterias all over the world. Va Da Vie stacks up. The owners, John  and Wendy are so passionate and sweet, they can talk to you for an eternity (in an interesting way, not a "get-me-outta-here" way) about their locally sourced dairy and sorbets, made with up to 50% fresh local fruits.  I highly recommend the hazelnut, pistachio, and the vanilla along with the lemon ricotta.  Can't wait to visit Charlotte again and support this wonderful local business!  PS:  It's inside the former water store on a tiny island in Park Road Shopping Center.
5	The ABSOLUTE best I have EVER tasted. Love the watermelon. And the owners are truly authentic about the gelato!
5	Amazing gelato. Worth the time!  I've only had better in Italy.  The ingredients are so fresh and perfect.
5	Came by here for some after dinner gelato and was totally blown away. The shop is adorable, located in the middle of the shopping plaza, literally in the middle of the parking lot. It has cozy interior decor, very clean and modern. They have several flavor options that I imagine change seasonally. The gentlemen I assume was the owner was there serving at the counter. He explained in detail how they made each flavor and it was obvious that he was very passionate about what he did. They put great detail in to each flavor option and use real products to extract the best flavors. There are several size options available but the best deal is by far the regular because it comes with 2 flavors for only $5! Between myself and my husband we had the vanilla bean, chocolate, cinnamon and coffee bean. They were all absolutely incredible but the cinnamon was by far the favorite for both of us. I hope they have it year round because we will def. be going back!
5	Amazing little shop. The gelato is freshly made using the freshest products and it is the cleanest place I've ever been in. The gelato is amazing and worth every penny. The owners went to school to learn the technique and obviously they were great students!The lemon ricotta was very refreshing and I paired it with the luscious strawberry that was the best I've ever had. My husband raved abt the pistachio which is actually made from a pistachio paste that comes from Italy. The nice and sweet owners, their super clean locale and the adorableness of being a stand alone shop in a strip mall makes it outstanding!!
