1	Would not go back, not if you paid me.  Had a small tattoo done, check my pics to see it.  First emailed, when I didn't hear back, I called.  Guy who answered was rude, so I blew it off.  Finally got an email back, guy (Rick) seemed nice so went against my gut and did it.  HUGE mistake, I have a small touch up I'd like done (the word going is lighter then the rest of the tattoo) and he's unwilling to take a few minutes on a weekend to fix it.  Even though I'm totally unable to do a weekday.  So basically you're screwed unless as the customer you can fit yourself into his schedule.  Not to mention my initial appt was so lame, he didn't speak to me unless he was forced to, I have 5 tattoos before this one, from 2 different artists, and have met several tattoo artists over the years around the country, and I've never met any artist so unbelievably unfriendly!
1	After this I was finally able to get him to set up an appt to do the touch up.  I go today to have it done, detoured through the parking lot of Fry's to see him loading up his grocerys about 5 minutes before my appt is supposed to start.  I head to the studio and wait for about 10 minutes and he's a total no show.  Absolutely ridiculous, I wouldn't refer anyone to this place in fact if I would advise against it!
5	My family lives in Buckeye, AZ so I went to visit them this past week for the Thanksgiving holiday. My little brother wanted to get his ears pierced and my mom was going to just take him to the mall to hit up Claire's to get them done (since he's only 17, he still needed parental consent.) After I lectured them both on how horrible mall places are to pierce ears (hey...would you want some random 16 year old shoving a sharp piece of metal near your face? I didn't think so...) I did some research and found this place. We walked right in on a Saturday without an appointment and talked to Chaz. She rocks! She went over recommended studs for his ears, was very clear and to the point about his aftercare routine, and even gave her personal contact information if he had any questions day or night. If I ever decide to get any work done while visiting the fam in AZ again, I'll definitely be taking my business here. Cool shop, cool peeps, cool transaction.
5	I got tattooed here a while back by Ron and it was fantastic.  He's ultra friendly and a genuinely nice guy in addition to being a high caliber artist.  I can say the same for all of the other guys that work there as well.   A real crew of effing sweethearts with a boatload of talent.   Their piercer is phenomenal, she understands anatomy, and is APP certified.   She seriously and legitimately educates herself and her clients.   So if you want to pay for professionalism and personal improvement,  go to Bright Ideas.  If you want to fool around and leave a shop uglier than you were when you came in,  check out the competition.
5	Great place, it's like my second home. I stand by this place and I been Tatted all over the world., highly recommend this place.
5	The first time I stepped foot in Bright Ideas, was on a whim.  I was getting a tattoo with a friend from out of town and we needed something close and available (I know, always a gamble).  We showed up, told the artist (Jason) what we were after and he went directly into the back and drew up something that was so wonderfully different than what I had in mind that I've gone back to see him multiple times.  Most recently, I got a half sleeve and I basically just told him what I wanted (orchids) and let him run with it.  It is more beautiful than I could ever have dreamed of.I work at a college where I am constantly surrounded by students (young and old) and I have given out his information more times than I can count because of all the compliments on his work.  The colors are vibrant, the lines are clean, and it's just really outstanding work.  He has turned me into an absolute snob and I refuse to let anyone else tattoo me.
5	Always great work coming out of here. Very professional and great customer service. These people know what they are doing!
3	My mom had an appt for her first tattoo and was crazy excited about it.  She was scheduled for 12:15 and the guy didn't feel like rolling in until 12:45 without so much an apology, or even an excuse.  Just a half-assed greeting. She even went in the night before and made her appt. face to face with him, so she knew who'd be working on her. The half hour she sat around waiting, the more nervous she got and almost bailed. Unprofessional.
