4	So I was having a really stressful day. My cell broke and had to take it in to get repaired. Which, actually leads me to my review of Born (right next door to cell repair shop). As soon as I walked into this place I got a sense of calmness and peace. They have soft Asian music playing in the back ground, the lights are dim, they have walls of books, a lot of cultural stuff (China/Japan). Everything has a really amazing authentic feel.  You know, the kind of thing you don't get from a place like Starbucks or big commercial chains. Anyways, I ordered an iced green tea, which was the best I've had in a long time (most of what I've had has been the trash from ASU). The prices seemed to be a bit high, but with this kind of quality it's very worth it. They had some interesting stuff like green tea ice cream, which I sadly didn't have time to try =( Next to the two full bookshelves looked like there was a nice study area that I plan on taking advantage of in the future. I definitely recommend this place to people who are sick of the whole crowded coffee house (Starbucks) gathering thing.
4	Last evening, by pure chance, a friend and I stumbled upon this wonderful Japanese tea room ... in Mesa!We were greeted with soft traditional Asian music and the sound of a trickling water fall. Shelves and tables held wonderful displays of teas and tea paraphernalia.  A sofa area in the rear of the tea room, surrounded by book filled shelves, looked cozy.After ordering our teas (I had the buckwheat Go-Jeong tea, my friend had the Green), we sat at one of the cherry wood tables and were given a demonstration by a charming woman on how to properly enjoy our fabulous selections.   Along with our teas, we were  served a small selection of crystallized ginger, apricot-walnut, mango-pine nut, and sesame-cluster bites.  All of which went absolutely perfect with our teas.Initially, the prices may seem a bit high, but after tasting the authenticity of the teas and enjoying the calming atmosphere... you'll know it was well worth it.  It's Must Visit for tea lover's. P.S.If you're interested, you can practice Japanese Sumi-e (painting using black ink) on Monday mornings. For free!  (10am... if you do, bring your own drawing paper and a brush)
4	I was a little worried about the "Free Wifi" sign on the door, as I was hoping to slip the bonds of coffee culture and find a place to talk unimpeded by the clatter of keys and angst indie pop played loudly through too many speakers.Yep, call me a fuddie-duddie(sp?) but it seems somewhere in the race to be the best coffeehouse the reason for coffeehouses disappeared. Now they are just another office space, full of workers and headphones to quiet the din. Why play music if no one is listening to it?Born is quiet and pleasant and full of nice Korean women who talk amongst themselves and work on crafts. The variety of teas is very nice, the presentation is elegant without tea  ceremony formality. Each pot of loose leaves can be re-filled several times. A wonderful uninterrupted conversation over approximately 3 hours was at a cost of  about $11.00.Pretty darn cheap for serenity, I'd say.
1	I was not impressed by the staff nor the limited tea accessories.  I prefer loose tea and not only did they not sell tea but nothing to do with loose tea.  They also had a cheep (looking) table in the front of the store.  The place was wierd.
5	The lady that makes the tea is a true professional. She even has degrees in it! She was extremely knowledgeable and was willing to make or suggest anything to heal your ailment. It's a truly wonderful place to go, especially if you are not feeling very well. This is the first place I go if I start to feel like I'm about to get sick. And the prices are pretty good too!
4	I came to this place after having dinner down the way at Pho. I expected this tea place to be a Boba tea shop and what I found was a REAL tea house! There were 3 asian women sitting behind the counter chatting in non-english but 2 of the 3 spoke to me in very clear english and were very nice and helpful.   Since I was a little surprised that I wasn't in a teenie bopper boba tea joint, I looked around a bit and found a tea I wanted to try. There was another tea I had inquired about (but didn't buy) so when I checked out, she actually gave me a serving size of the tea I'd asked about to take home! It seems like a very calming environment and I plan to come back on a day where I have time and a book and get actual tea service. I'll let you know how it goes then :)
5	One of my favorite places to be. EVER. So far this is the only legitimate tea shop I have found in the Tempe/Mesa area. The first time I went here was the first time I tasted real tea...I can't even touch bags or loose tea sold in grocery stores anymore.I came in expecting to be handed a cup of hot water and some tea leaves, but I got something quite more. A very kind woman brought me a tray with about 8 different devices used to make tea. First you pour the hot water into a beaker with the tea leaves, then you strain it, pour it into another beaker, and then finally into your teeny tiny adorable tea cup (I swear it makes it taste better!) resting on its saucer. There is an unlimited supply of water, so you can drink so long as you have room in your stomach. They even leave you a small saucer with little Asian treats like candied ginger or rice crackers.It has a very relaxed environment, which I've found perfect for catching up with an old friend or studying for school. NOT the rushed Starbucks atmosphere.The only downside - which isn't really a downside, just the reality of a good product - is that it's a little expensive if you're used to the cheap stuff. Sitting in and drinking a cup of tea is only around $5, but be ready to shell out a lot more to buy some to take home. It's worth every penny, but be warned that you'll need quite a few of them :)P.S. In response to Adam K's review: All Born offers is loose tea (which they definitely sell), and they have a huge selection of tea accessories - strainers, cups, kettles, tea sets, you name it. I don't know which tea room he went to, but it wasn't this one.
