5	I attended this very civilized/fun event while on vacation here, i.e, no fighting, vomiting, or breaking of beer glasses. I was impressed by venue choice, food offerings and several beer options.  Unibroue continues to be my favorite Canadian brewery. I was also pleased to discover I can purchase their beer back in the U.S.!!! S-C-O-R-E!!!  As the crowd shouted out near the end of Day 2 of the event, Unibroue, Unibroue, Unibroue!!  Canadians know how to party/and do it right!!!
4	I just came back from my third year at the beer fest and it's always a nice experience to be able to try so much variety in one location.The two previous years I attended this festival, it was held at Place Bonaventure, which was dingy and dark but I found the location extremely convenient (easy underground access to South Shore buses or metro) and I preferred having all the booths condensed in one exhibition hall. Bathrooms were easy to locate and there were many stalls, never any line ups.This year, being at the Palais de Congres, they have expanded to include an outdoor terrace area which is beautiful, slight drawbacks: glass cups cannot be used outside and it's a 2 min walk from the main hall. Restrooms aren't prominent, those near the main entrances are always packed, particularly for women.The beer fest itself remains a highly interesting event, there's always new things to sample, either beer, wine, ciders and unique food like bison meat, kangaroo, wild boar, duck or yummy fudge! Prices could be more appetizing... 6$ for a sausage or 4$ for a a little pastry snack is what to expect.Be there the earlier, the better. Towards the weekend, the selection of drinks narrows down as they run out of stock. And as the evening approaches, the crowds get rowdier, it starts smelling like a drunken party and the floors become sticky. You'll wait a long time to buy coupons and wait even longer for bathrooms. I recommend getting a souvenir mug (10$) or bring one from previous years, you can bring any glass as long as it holds 12 ounces or less. You'll receive more generous servings ;)
4	I can't say I didn't enjoy the beer festival because I did. But I definitely thought it was too expensive. I'm used to beer festivals where you pay one price and try unlimited beers. That's how we do it in America. It was an average of 3 tickets for a 4 ounce taste here, which for you mathemagicians is a whopping $12 a pint. Pretty pricey.I went for the beers I couldn't get around Montreal. Dieu du ciel and Brutopia are great but the beers are half that price in their bars. I tried some other good beers from around Canada. Even went back another day to get the name of the best beer I tried!
4	A very nice selection of beers, both local and foreign ones, several choices off the beaten path for the ones that like to experiement.There was also a great choice of food, including some exotic ones, like kangaroo treats.
5	It was a great turn this year. Montreal beer fest is one of Montreal's must visit and must do activity each summer. I went visited past a rainy Monday so I wasnt able to enjoy the outdoor goodies. Inside however there were several good places. Beer brewed from all corners of the world, to try for a few dollars. They have chairs set up whee groups of friends can have a seat and chat away. A good DJ plays around disco tunes, and overall the ambient is jolly and cheery. A great way to spend time around with friends.
3	Das BEERFEST! It was a good showing this year, extra fun because I got to clock some time at the Yelp booth. There was a great selection of beer but I didn't quite get the awesome vibe I've gotten the past few years. As usual? My pet peeves were that the food has to be paid cash and not in tickets. The music could have used a little more effort as it could have really changed the vibe. The charcuterie platters were tasteful and Bad Monkey Popcorn officially gained a new fan (try the all dressed!!) but sadly I had cased all my money in for tickets so I wasn't able to munch down on a kangaroo burger or any of the other delicious looking foods.
