4	I've been to this location a few times to pick up steaks, lamb chops, and all sorts of sides to BBQ.  The staff is excellent and can steer you in the right direction if you're confused.  The prices are a bit high, though, and you're getting frozen meats.  I'd really prefer a good quality butcher shop, but unfortunately I haven't seen one in the area, so Omaha Steaks will have to do for the time being.
5	Love this place! My husband and I just recently discovered that there was a store here in Vegas. I have heard of Omaha Steaks before, but for some reason I thought that they were an online retailer only. It is pretty expensive. The two times that we shopped here, we spent a little over $100. But trust me, it is worth every penny! As Matt S. had already mentioned, there is always some kind of sale or two-for-one deal going on, so you will never have to worry about paying full price. Also, they told us that if we ever happen to find a better deal on their website, just print out the page, show it to them, and they will match the price.Everything is frozen and nicely packed in boxes, but the meats are really really good! The employees are always very friendly and helpful, although I'm still wondering if they work off of commission? Anyway, they explain a lot of things to you if you tell them that this is your first time in the store, or if you don't have much experience with cooking meats. Forrest was the employee who helped us. He explained some of the different cuts of steaks and gave us a handy "Steak Cooking Chart" which tells you how long to cook a steak and when to turn them on the grill.  Our favorites are the Bacon Wrapped Filet Mignons and the Triple-Trimmed Filet Mignons. Very juicy and tasty! We tried their Chocolate Molten Lava Cakes for dessert, which I thought was okay, but probably would not buy again. It seemed much sweeter than what I am used to. I want to try the Tiramisu or Cheesecake next time. I also bought a package of their Canine Cookies, and my dog loved them!Yuuum, I want to go back already! This place is definitely worth checking out!
4	I don't tend to buy steaks here, but we usually pick up some quality frozen food for quick, easy meals when we're feeling lazy. They often have 50% off sales, so if you sign up for their email you'll get alerts for when these specials are happening. My favorites are the Stuffed Chicken Breasts. The Apple Tartlets for desserts are yummy. The steaks are good but I would rather go to the butcher for the prices they charge, and you don't have to wait for them to defrost.The staff is excellent and are always ready to help you out.
5	My mother-in-law sent us a package for Christmas and now we are hooked.  I hated how long it took to deliver though so we found a store on Rainbow in Las Vegas NV.  They honored all of the deals found on line.  This is the best meat and deserts I've ever had.  Lasagna is great too.  Highly recommend.
5	I don't know how to give this place anything less than 5 stars; the place is so small, that there is no room to make a mistake.Their storage room has got to be twice the size as their front room.But, even in the front room, there are lots of frozen steaks, twice-stuffed potatoes, etc..Their was one girl in there when I went, and she was very attentive.It's got to be an easy gig, because the product sells itself. They ship everywhere.I freeze, defrost and eat a lot of steaks, I mean a lot.But I'll never understand how their steaks defrost so quickly. It's almost like they defy the laws of physics.I took out one of their frozen steaks and one of my frozen steaks (of comparable size), put them on the counter, and the Omaha steak defrosted in less than 2 hours whereas mine took more than 4 hours to defrost. If anyone has an answer for that, I would get more sleep at night.The steaks are small, and I find myself eating a minimum of two per meal, but they are definitely restaurant quality steaks at more reasonable prices than restaurant prices.I love the organization of the products (I'm obsessive compulsive), and I love the way they pack the steaks in Styrofoam with dry ice during the warm season(s).I think that I covered everything.
