1	I got my acrylic tips done here and they did a terrible job. The first person started on my nails then another person took over. They looked horrible when they were done! There were bubbles on the nail bed ( they didn't brush the acrylic on all the way). When I went to get them taken off 2 weeks later, they yanked them off with a credit card. After they were done, my nails hurt. I have had acrylics before and other places have done a better job.
1	Dear Plesant Nails,I have been to the nail chop chop that is Nail Too and I just want to say... I'm sorry for all sh*t I've talked about you. I didn't know bad nails until I went to this place. I blame the chick at the bus stop whose fierce nails made me jealous. I went in search of the 'Island" pedicure and gel back fills. That's it... pure and simple. and they STILL jacked it up!The first guy was recommended to me and I insisted that I get gels, he got tired of me and dropped the drill and went back to a pedicure. Then an older lady wearing a jeweled encrusted tank top (i'm SO not lying!) and platform heels took a shot at it... and she kept nicking my nail bed. It was soooo painful! I couldn't believe it! That was SO my cue to leave... but before I was out the door, another lady with the most ornate nails EVER came and grabbed the drill and finished the job.she was good, but I KNOW that was acrylic!! Plesant Nails had gel... actual gel on my talons... this place, had acrylic with an odd coating that was supposedly gel. I wasn't convinced. I liked the design. but I'm still frustrated. I chose not to get a pedicure as I just wanted to get out of there... the price was okay but my nails were in PAIN for days as the older lady really dug into my nail bed. I ended up popping them off and waiting several weeks before trying it again. At a different location. So, although I won't give you another chance Plesant Nails, I just want to say that I'm sorry for allt he grief I caused you... I've been on the other side of the fence and apparently i was on the greener side all along! My Best,Cher T.
5	I had a mani/pedi and they did a wonderful job every time I visit.. The place is clean and the specialists are very nice..
4	I was skeptical going at first b/c of the reviews i read, but i was desperate to get my nails done and it is the only place i found in the area where i was at, at the moment. The people are very friendly and professional. I had a full set, needless to say, I can't complained, the nails look fabulous. The service was excellent. Thanks for great services!Chirsty A.
5	I have been going to Nail Too for a number of years. Michelle and Lee are the proud owners and it shows. Their staff is professional and helpful. I LOVE the Hawaiin pedicure! What a treat for my feet !
5	$20 pedicure, $5 for a cool design on your nails.  This is the first time I've gotten my nails done from a person wearing a stylish dressy outfit with 3+ inch strappy heels.  Usually the nail tech goes for comfort rather than style, but kudos for being fashionable.  Anyways, she was very friendly, and did a thorough and detailed job on the pedicure, and the design was very nice.  I will definitely be coming back for the friendly service and reasonable prices.
5	This is a great place. It's clean because I noticed that the tools a tech used were well sanitized.  Since I am a nurse that's important to me.  I got a pedicure and manicure. I LOVE it.  Although I was not too impressed for waiting 5 minutes to get my nails done, but I was glad that I did.
3	Last time I went here I got a more inexperienced nail tech, who went a bit too crazy with the cuticle trimming and nicked me.  Ow.  But, he did do a thorough polish and design.  Gotta downgrade for drawing blood!
3	Hmmm.  This place gets a mixed review from my wife and I.Her manicure lasted three days, her pedicure lasted over a month--really lopsided.  Service was friendly, but when you pay good money to make your hands look good, they should look good for a while.We are still looking for the Valley equivalent to San Francisco's Simply Unique Nails.  It may not exist here at all, but we are hoping that we will eventually find it.  I will let you know when we do.
1	First time.....VERY nice, fast, and well priced! Fill was in and out in 45 min (on my lunch break) AND was only $20! Second time...got a new guy....took VERY long time and he used white instead of pink on one hand and painted them different design than I wanted. When I pointed out both I was ignored. Thought maybe he was having an off day till my girlfriend went, sat with the girl, then when a gel nail customer came, they moved my friend to the same guy so the lady could do the more "important" client. My friend ended up being there OVER an hour and half, and had to leave to an appointment with her nails not even painted. They still charged her FULL price!!!!! They told her she could come back to get painted. We BOTH will NEVER go back, Please go somewhere else!!! Your nails are begging you!
1	If I could give this place a zero I would. All I wanted was a simple acrylic nail removal & my nail tech did not even deliver that. My nails were left jagged & she didn't even remove all of the acrylic. The atmosphere is dirty & dated. Everything about this place needs an upgrade.
1	I arrived to this nail shop after work at 6 PM. Initially they were really nice I wanted an acrylic fill in and a pedicure. I picked out a polish and got my toes done and the polish began to bubble. I then asked them to change my toenail polish once I saw them putting it on my fingers and it looked awful because of all the bubbling. They changeed my fingernail polish but tried to charge me to change my toe nail polish, though it was their polish that was going to bad. When I refused they made me wait 45 minutes to change my toenail polish and took several customers before me, though I had been there first. When I began to pay she asked me if I was leaving a tip and I responded no, she threw  my card down on the counter. I voiced that I did not feel valued as a customer and they had awful customer service and that I felt like they were disrespecting my time. I will never return there ever again. I haven't had a bad experience at a nail shop in years. They never have to worry about me again.
