4	Festive restaurant for celebrations.  Wonderful steaks with a Spanish flair.  Dark wood Mexican tables set the tone for a fun Spanish dinner.  Located in the beautiful Princess Hotel.  Be sure to try the sangria.
5	The food at La Hacienda at the Fairmont Princess never ceases to amaze me.  It is always amazing with a creative twist.  I always wonder how they think of what to put on their menu, which is always changing.  With the fire burning and the mariachi band playing, its atmosphere is relaxing yet with entertainment.  With Bourbon Steak and Rande Gerber's new lounge, Stone Rose, opening soon, La Hacienda and the Fairmont Princess must be on everyone's list to visit.  La Hacienda is like no other Mexican restaurant that you have been to; it's gourmet Mexican!  And don't forget to order the flaming coffee - this is a must see!
3	I loved the Fairmont in Scottsdale... that is in all other regards, except my dining experience at La Hacienda.  I understand and have been advised that it's an award winning restaurant, but it just did not wow me.  My companion and I started with the ceviche, but found it to be mediocre at best - quite bland in taste (needing salt, lemon, lime, spice and/or some combination of the foregoing) and the texture of the fish speaking volumes of its true nature - over cooked fish - blah.  HOWEVER, the meal did improve - the tortillas, beans and salsa were wonderful alternatives to bread and tapenede (the beans were to die for).  And our entrees (scallops with fried avocado and a tomatilla (sp?) sauce and a beef tenderloin so decadent and smooth, it had the texture of butter) were more than adequate to compensate for our failed starter.  Neither my companion nor I were too hungry, so we passed on dessert, but I can attest to the most enjoyable character of their cocktails (try the prickly pear margarita).  Not sure if I'd return to this restaurant on a return visit to Scottsdale (as the hotel now has one headed up by Michael Mina), but it was a nice experience highlighted with a lovely room.
5	I was sick!  I came home with leftovers!  I would do this again and again!  This was the best!  I was told to come here from a friend and man was it the right choice!  The food was outstanding.  The only complaint is I only had one sitting.  The Suckling pork was great, but funny enough not the best.  The four of us had ordered apps, salads and soups and main courses, and had to stop on each serving to take it home, and we still had more to take home when all was said and done.  The spinach salad was to die for and I will be trying to make that at home.  The fish was cooked perfectly, the steak was cooked perfectly and the service was fantastic!  In fact, I read reviews before I left expecting less and got way more!  This morning we are making Suckling Pork omelets and for lunch, making steak sandwiches.  If you read anything about this place that is negative, then try it again - again, you can B*&^h, about places all day long, but really - good food is subjective, but well crafted food is unusual.  This placed - more so for a hotel restaurant, deserves a 5 star rating.  As for being a personal Zagat or Berlitz reviewer, people take Yelp way to serious on all the details.  Sure - you can find this or that to complain about and knock a star or three off, but in the end, honestly try to read reviews with a grain of salt and get out and try new places.  We do and wow - we loved it!  Again - enjoy your time here and make this one of the stops you go to.
5	flavorful, gourmet, worth-your-money Spanish/Mexican food! 5/5I was blown away by the wonderful, delicious meal from La Hacienda last weekend. We started the meal with platter of fried cheese and spinach salad. They were good! For entree, I got a huge plate of sucking pig with thick, creamy sauce on the side. J got a steak. Both of our entree was just delicious! Of course, we each ordered a glass of La Hacienda margarita. They are to die-for! Thick, sour, sweet, lemon-ish margarita. For dessert, we had a glass of banana, creamy rice pudding topped with caramel... great grand finale for a great dinner.
5	Prickly Pear Margaritas were ordered by my best friend and her mom-I had to join the party and ooh what a party it was!  YUMM!!  I have to say that I have never had food like this!  I absolutely LOVED the authentic Spanish/Mexican wonderland of flavors which danced (not literally) on my plates.Following the Prickly Pear party, I enjoyed the most amazing spinach salad: Spinach and Frisee Salad, Sweet and Spiced Pecans, Goat Cheese Croquette with Warm Chorizo Dressing - I want it now!!Who would have thought that goat cheese in a croquette could be so decadent?  The other members of my party enjoyed the tomato salad, and the chilled avocado soup.  We were all pleased as we moved onto the main course.  My best friends dad went with the suckling pork and I loved my oven roasted chicken.Atmosphere: We went on a Sunday night so it was very very quite and intimate.  I can imagine it being much more alive on a weekend evening.  Price: I think it was up there but thanks to visiting parents, I was able to dodge this one!Food: OutstandingI cannot believe I am just the 6th person to review this...lets go Yelpers I know you will LOVE this!
