2	The service is awful and you will often receive things you didn't order.  The food is ok, but get it carry-out after a quick inspection to make sure they included everything you paid for.
4	Pizza is pretty good! The service is awful but if you can past that then you'll really like this place! Everything is usually pretty fresh and hot.
3	there is something about this pizza that is addictive.  it's super thin and sort of bowling alleyish, but if you're in the mood for that sort of thing, monical's has you covered.  the secret to full pizza enjoyment here or at home if you do it that way, you must get their signature french dressing and then dip your pizza in that.  i know it sounds odd but everyone who is an experienced monical's pizza connoisseur knows this is the trick.  i would not advice eating in the restaurant...they seem to be anti-organization or anti-systems logic.  we just were there recently for a school fundraiser and waited 15 minutes before i got up and went to ask for help.  the weird stare i got from the manager said it all, never mind her response which was, "oh, we weren't sure if you guys wanted to order or what.", as if there was some other reason a family of 5 would enter a restaurant, sit at a table, and stare down every waitress that came within eyesight for 15 minutes.  granted they all looked like they were busy doing 20 things at once but still, it was pretty typical of this place.
2	Overpriced.  The taste was barely average, but a large plain cost over $14, so Monical's fails the cost-benefit analysis.  Complaints about the service are well-founded, as we had a pick-up order and it took 3-4 minutes of standing at the counter for anybody to even wait on us.I ordered the thin crust pizza, and won't return to Monical's, so I address only the thin crust.  The pizza was pretty bland, despite a hefty helping of oregano.  There is very little sauce, fairly dry cheese, and a chewy crust.  Heed other reviewers' advice and get the dipping sauce, because you will need it.
4	I f'in love monicals.  Perhaps because I was indoctrinated into loving this pizza as a small child.  However, when I come home to visit I often find myself wanting to come here and stuff my face.  Cheese pizza, topped with their red dressing...so wrong, but oh so right.
4	I'm reeeeaaaaally picky about my pizza, but this stuff was great!  We got the thin crust with steak and bacon and it was awesome!  However, the service is a bit challenged you could say... Our waiter forgot to get us water refills and forgot about our pizzarolles order or whatever they are called, but when we pointed it out, he compensated us really well, so no complaints really.I think the food deserves 5 stars, but since the service is so..... I don't know what to call it..... I had to knock it down a star.  Also, when my boyfriend mentioned that the pizzarolles were delicious but he thought he was going to have a heart attack from all the grease (haha funny funny), the waiter filled us in with how bad they are for us, like trying to make cool conversation with us.  It pretty much horrified us and made me want to starve myself for a week, but like I said, he compensated our bill well.
1	If you want burned pizzas, go here.  If you want to pay full price for an incomplete order, go here.  I wish I could have given them zero stars because even one star is too many!
5	I'm going to blame the lack of good reviews for Monicals on the fact that most people reviewing restaurants in Champaign-Urbana are college students.  Because every local I know LOVES Monicals. It is, in fact, one of my must visit places every time I visit the twin cities.It's different from most of my favorite pizzas in that it's thin... ultra thin.  Crunchy crust, cut in squares, lots of cheese... it's a very tasty pizza.  However, the uninitiated may order this without knowing the best part of Monical's... the french dressing.  This seems odd (at least to all of my out of town friends in the past) but the way to eat Monicals is to get a bottle of the french dressing and dip the pizza in it.  I put the dressing directly on the top of the pizza myself... it's one of the oddest but best combos you will ever taste.  In fact, they even sell their french dressing online!  (And its worth it, because you will never find a dressing that good in stores.  Seriously, I've looked.)Grab the family pleaser (with salad and cola) and lube up your salad and pizza with copious amounts of french dressing... and thank me later.
4	The pizza is pretty good, but not the best in Champaign-Urbana. I prefer Papa Del's. I know it's a different style of Pizza, but for the money, Papa Del's is still better.
3	I went here on a Tuesday evening with friends and we were practically the only table. Monical's was participating in a fundraiser for a local school, so we were doing a good deed by purchasing bland Italian inspired food products that were presumably for consumption. The food wasn't good. Salads, pasta, pizza and breadsticks were all ordered, and none were anything better than passable. If you grew up eating this stuff, I can see why you might like it, but not me.The service wasn't great either: the waitress (who was not at all busy) was inattentive and made mistakes, but she apologized for them and was very friendly when she did come by, so no big deal. I did greatly appreciate that they separated the bills on a single receipt and of course that the were willing to partner with the school. The decor is quite nice for a family pizza place, but again the food wasn't.1 star for the food, 1 for the charity, and 1 for them not complaining about what total asses we were being that night (I brought 'Would You Rather' cards, which created much merriment at our table but likely inspired only disgust and annoyance to the few other patrons and employees within earshot).
2	Went here after a doctors appointment one day. The pizza was good. The small salad wasn't their best. The service sucked. The waitress didn't give us refills and nothing was clean. She gave us our check but never came back to take our money. My husband almost walked out after being ignored at the desk by many waitresses that still wouldn't take our money. Finally, the manager did. I will not be back because of the horrible service.
5	Note: Rating refers to their thin crust pizza -  but I couldn't care less about anything else about the place!I live in Chicago and have eaten pretty much all of the "brands" here and I still love, love, love LOVE Monical's thin crust pizza the most.  I would do anything for them to open one here (why not?!).  When I go home to visit, a Monical's trip is 100% part of the plan and when my P's visit me they bring it...and it's just as amazing after a 2.5 hour drive.Maybe as Joselyn H. says, it's because I was indoctrinated into loving this pizza from the mintue I could eat solids.  Actually, no.Perfectly cooked, super thin crust (may want to ask for them to cook it like 1 mintue longer than normal to ensure perfection).  Awesome sauce and topping of seasonings.  Love the sausage - fresh, not too big, not too spicy and definitely not manufactured looking (like Dominos or something).  Their breadsticks - while relatively plain as far as seasoning goes (just sea salt YUM) - are awesome and a staple to my order.  They also have the best "red" (French) dressing that is their own recipe...but I am a "both"er and think it's at it's best mixed with the ranch.  It's not the fanciest salad in the world, but like the simplistic breadsticks, it just works.  Oooh and a pitcher of fountain root beer is the perfect bev.Fast service, be ready to start eating the salad/breadsticks within minutes of ordering.  My parents say their prices have raised quite a bit, so that may be one downfall.Gimme some Family Pleaser now!!!  Mouth watering.
4	Awesome thin crust pizza. The crust is cracker crispy, just burnt enough on the edges to give it the right smokiness.  The toppings are just right too.  Does anyone even order anything else?FYI to Holly S., there was a Monical's in Chicago's Western Suburbs (Lombard?) a few years ago but sadly, it closed.
4	Love the food, the service, everything.  Good stuff!
1	I went to Monical's on Philo Road last Saturday, July 13.  My party and I arrived at approximately 6:15 P.M.  The restaurant was very busy, and I gave my name to the hostess, indicating that our party would require a table with chairs, since my wife is confined to a powerchair, and an elderly gentleman in our party had had recent knee surgery and walks with a cane with great difficulty.We waited a total of 1.5 hours without being seated.  At one point, we were offered a booth/chair seating arrangement, but I declined, explaining that I was the only one in our group that could "scoot" into a booth (as should have been obvious by looking at us).After that conversation, the wait staff appeared to lose interest in us; when I inquired of one of the male waiters as to an estimated time for a table with chairs, I was rudely informed "when this other group leaves".  I should hasten to point out that I am not a college student (my student days were over in 1974), and I am 61 years of age.  I am accustomed to being accorded with much more respect from twentysomethings than I encountered at Monical's that night.Finally, I hunted up the manager (who appeared totally clueless), and informed her that our group had been waiting 1.5 hours for a table with chairs, that we were tired of waiting, and that I and my party were leaving and would never return.At no point was I offered any apology for the long wait, by the manager or anyone else.I feel that I and my group were the victims of discrimination of age and my wife's handicapped status.I urge the public to boycott Monical's on Philo Road.
1	Overpriced...Artificially red salad dressing on a boring salad is just terrible...Honestly, go anywhere else for pizza!
1	I placed my order from the hotel at 6:18pm - an hour and ten minutes later my 30-45 minute delivery showed up (I ordered the wings and a tortellini dinner).  I travel 150 nights/year for work so I order food a lot.  These were the worst wings I've ever had  I called the manager and she freely admitted "that's our worst food - we get the most complaints on the wings" ... I couldn't believe what I was hearing.  Your company knows this ... yet continues to serve it???Won't make this mistake again.
2	Hubby told me its like the best pizza ever but I don't feel like it.I like other much cheaper pizza than this.
4	Love the thin crust pizza and the family/neighborhood atmosphere. The pizza crust is so perfectly crispy. Can't go wrong here!
1	Not a good place if your actually looking for good pizza or Italian beef.  I am from Chicago and the locals seem to think this place is good.  It is far from decent no fries just a bag of plain ruffles to go with your Italian beef.  The beef by the way only had like 3 slices of beef and the cheese was overbaked into the bread.  If you just want food for your face its fine but if you are actually looking for good food go somewhere else.
