5	I just recently discovered Aerial Yoga from a friend and I'm totally addicted!!!  Altitude Aerials has a Aerial Yoga class on Saturday and Sunday and not only is it an amazing workout, and fun to do, but it's affordable too!My review is based only on the Aerial Yoga classes... I haven't been to any of their Aerial shows or training yet but I do plan on it!
5	Going to Altitude Aerials is always a treat and I highly recommend it to anyone! The instructors are amazing... They always ensure that you leave feeling accomplished and excited about the truly unique aerial feats you just achieved, no matter what your experience or fitness level is. Altitude's schedule offers something for everyone....yogis, newbies, and experienced aerialists. The times are super convenient and the value you get for your class fee is unbeatable. If you're interested in aerial arts and/or aerial yoga, don't wait any longer.... Go visit them ASAP and see what I'm talking about!
3	If you're looking for something different to do, Altitude Aerials is worth checking out. It's a great way to mix up your workout. My friend and I went to a Sunday morning class. The instructor was knowledgeable and helpful but it was kind of hard to hear her given the dynamics of the room and the class itself. I only gave this experience three stars because yoga really isn't my thing and the room was freezing cold. It was fun and very affordable.
5	They're very kind and helpful here. It's affordable and so much fun! I did aerial yoga here and there were only six girls so the instructor was able to give students undivided attention. You'll get a good workout too!
5	I took a private silks class with Holly a few months ago.  She is fantastic!  She was incredibly patient and explained things clearly.  She taught me a new climb and some drops I had never learned before.  She gave me some great pointers and even recorded my attempt at a couple of drops so I could see how to improve them.  It is a little hard to find if you do not realize that it is inside a church.  Go inside the church gates and look for the Altitude Aerials sign and call the telephone number, follow the signs, and head up the stairs.  It's a no frills facility, but I didn't mind at all.
4	I really enjoyed my aerial lesson with Holly on lyra and silks. She was a very fun and supportive instructor who really listened to what I asked to work on. And if you love silks, you'll definitely want to check out the tricks unique to this studio!Be aware (because I wasn't) they only accept cash or check!
