5	Brennan's is a top notch market.  They offer a wide variety of fresh fruit and vegetables all year long, bread from local bakers, a full meat counter, and a large outdoor gardening area in the summer.  There's an extensive wine and liquor store in back, with a knowledgeable staff to help you navigate.  To top it all off, they carry an insane variety of cheese, much of which you can sample - get your squeaky fresh cheese curds here if you missed them at the Farmer's Market.
5	I made my first trip to Brennan's today and it was well worth the trip across town. The fruit and veggies were absolutely beautiful and delicious. They have signs indicating where the produce came from and little pre-cut samples so you can taste how good everything is. The Michigan blueberries they have in right now are heavenly. The fresh bakery area smelled wonderful. The meat counter is run by Jacobson's brother and had a deli case of typical salads and deli meats as well as fresh steaks, pork, and chicken. I grilled up a small sirloin that tasted like summer. There is also a fresh fish counter, a lot of wine, and a ton of cheese many of which you can sample.
5	I love Brennan's!  They have a great beer and cheese selection. The fruit is always fresh and usually the best in the area.  My one compliant is that they are more expensive than other places, but it is worth the extra cost for great products and service.
5	I finally set foot in a Brennan's market, and I am so glad I did!  For produce, the place is unbeatable.  The fruit looked perfectly ripe and yummy, and they had all these samples.  Plus, they had a ton of different cheeses.You know what I honestly think is the best thing ever?  The Brennan's granola.  But at $10 a bag, it's a little pricey.  Kind of worth it sometimes though.
5	I stopped by Brennan's every day on my recent trip to Madison.The produce is so good, especially the Idaho peaches. The local cherry wine, cheese curds and organic honey pretzel sticks were also awesome. I could gain 50 pounds on the free samples alone.I miss you, Brennan's!
5	Copious samples garnish the aisles. Local flavor is found at every turn. Then, there's the annual selection of selection of World Championship cheeses. Brennan's is the single most place that I recommend all who visit Madison to visit. Plenty of people drive along the many cheese barns of the interstate, only to find a selection of novelty items and subpar cheeses. So, if you're not from the area and you find yourself in town, this is your chance to learn what cheese in Wisconsin is all about. The smoked mozzarella sticks find me every time.
4	I finally found the first ripe Nectarine in Wisconsin (it's been 3 years). And the plucots were also delicious. If you care about eating fresh fruits that taste like what they really are, come here. Having been deprived of the ripe seasonal fruits at the Co-op, I think it's worth a trip just to satisfy cravings.The rest of the store is ok. They do have lots of Brennan's own brand cheese, beer, baked goods etc. While they appear interesting, I found them sort of on the "meh" side.
5	Awesome!  Brennan's has the best selection of Wisconsin cheeses - many are award winning - and they taste wonderful.  Plenty of samples!  Their fruit selection is unmatched in Dane County.  Again, more samples!  It's nice to buy great tasting fruit that isn't spoiled one day later.  We always take out-of-town friends and family to Brennan's at least once during their visits.
4	Having never been to Wisconsin I had to do the most cliche thing possible, purchase cheese.I was told Brennan's was the place and indeed it is and then some.  Now i wasn't shopping for fresh produce but they didn't seem to have any lack of it.  I had wished I was shopping for dinner that night with a kitchen to go home to but alas, beer and cheese for me.  The selection reminded me of Tillamook.  I picked up a 9 yr aged cheddar (18 bucks a pound!) and some horseradish dill havarti.  Still saving them for christmas but i'm sure its worth it.  Also, they have a ridiculous wall of beer with the good ole make your own six pack approach.  Take advantage.  I brought back 3 beers with me on the plane for Christmas.  If your in town for just a while hit this place up to get a taste of some indigenous delectables.
5	I love Brennan's! You can always find great local food and produce here. They put out lots of fun samples and the staff is always smiling and helpful.
4	Discovered this place serendipitously last night on the way home from Middleton.  What an awesome store!  Fresh produce, plenty of cheese, and mix and match six packs.  A cool little specialty grocery.  Wouldn't wanna do all my shopping here as some items are a bit pricey, but I'm glad I know it exists.  By the way their blue cheese is phenomenal.
4	If you're looking fo a gift for an out of "Wisco", go no further. These cheeses are world class. All of the woderful flavors you can imagine. Also the Fish Monger is the best in town. Flown in fresh constantly.
5	I only go to this place for my steaks, this is the closest place you'll find to prime. Their grade is high quality choice grade, not like the ones you see at the grocery store, but better!
5	I go here to buy cheese, fresh fruit, and frozen fruit. The cheese selection is excellent. Much of it is packaged under their own label. They obtain many of the national cheese contest winners. Most of it is affordable high quality cheese. They often have samples. They'll help you out if you are buying for a party or a gift. They sell holiday gift boxes and make spreads, etc. for parties. The fresh fruit selection is excellent. They often have samples-very important to me with peaches and plums-I find the best ones they have and then buy a box.  They have bags of frozen fruits (and vegetables). A good place to get fruit for pie or smoothies when fresh is not available. They seem to have a lot of beer and wine, a meat shop, vegetables, and bread as well but look to the other reviews for info on that. They also have some packaged goods that seem a little on the expensive side. I just stick with the cheese and fruit.
5	Having moved to the East side of Madison about 2 years about there are only 2 things I miss about the West side: 1, No Costco. 2 No Brennans. Greatest selection of Microbrews in the Madison area. I would always do the make your own 6 pack option and Its pretty reasonably priced. I think its 7.99 for a six pack. Anyway they really have some great brews. Brennan's also has some of the freshest, ripest fruit you can buy.(Only downside is that it is so ripe and juicy you really need to eat it all in a few days or it will go bad). Amazing Deli with Jacobson meats...would always go there to get the Jacobson potato salad.My favorite part of Brennans is the generosity of the samples. They have a plethora of different fruits and cheeses you can try. And their sample strategy works because I usually come out of Brennans with more items than I intended to buy.It is a food/drink connoisseurs paradise.
5	Mar's Cheese Castle ain't got nothin' on this place...Stroll into Brennan's and find yourself first off greeted by the ever friendly employees, and secondly bombarded by samples galore.  I consider myself somewhat of a sample fiend, never one to pass up even the free teriyaki chicken at the mall, and this place is tops.  I have tried fresh fruit (stone fruit, berries, grapes, melon, apples, etc.), fresh pastries, condiments (yum peanut sauce and sugar snap peas), amazing cheeses (hello aged cheddar), sausages, beer and wine here.   You can stroll in around 12, indulge in some samples, and realize you don't really need lunch.  Working in food service in college, I have to give a nod to their food safety as well.  The samples are always fresh, clean- no scraping out crumbs after some sticky fingered tot- and stocked.  Enough about the freebies- the products themselves are what I really come for.  I love their aged cheddar- creamy, strong and delicious.  Beyond the aged cheddar that I always buy, they have rows of other block cheeses, and add'l spreadable cheeses.  Their produce is also always fresh and affordable.  They stock many local fruits and vegetables, and I know they will last more than a day or two.  They also have a great beer and wine selection... Special kudos to their beer/wine manager (Mark I think) who helped me pick out a mix and match six pack.  I told him what I liked and he described some of the beers that met my tastes.  They also have a meat counter here- it looks great, but I have never patronized them.  Brennan's, it's time to franchise- to Chicago, please?
5	I love going to Brennans! The staff is  friendly and very knowledgeable about all of their products. The fruit is amazing and the young woman named Sara is especially helpful, she even helps me pick out my fruit! I will keep coming back to Brennans, the customer service is totally worth it!
5	We happened upon this jewel will traveling in the Madison area.  You have to stop if you are nearby.  They give samples of their fruits, salsas, cheeses and dips.  You won't go away empty handed.  They also have a great selection of micro-brewery beers.  Everything was good.
5	I have nothing but praise for this little grocery store.It offers the best in local and most importantly FRESH fruits veggies and meat. There seems to always be samples of a little bit of everything when you walk inside. The employees are bright and cheerful, and although I've only been here once I feel in love with the store, its like whole foods only more local and dare I say fresher?Now the main attraction of the store?? THE CHEESE...oh the rows and rows and rows of cheese are something that NO MAN should every go without experiencing. And yes there were samples of all kinds of cheeses, stuff I had never even heard of before( which was a really nice breath of fresh air...experiencing new and unheard of foods) from awarding winning cheeses to experimental cheese ( like the garlic/dill and green olive cheese curds???? Who'd have thought those would be so good?) See how this place has a 5 star rating? Theres a reason for it if your in the area and are spending some relaxing time here? Do check it out, I don't see how you can be disappointed by this place.
5	Great meat selection. best in madison hands down
4	Better than a farmers market.   Like the farm comes to you. Hits: free samples and helpful service.Misses: slow cashiersHints: don't forget to check the grocer fortasty dairy and deli selections. (The potato salad is better than homemade.)
5	I'm from Arizona, I live in Indianapolis, I've traveled all over this continent and most of China... Brennan's is now, bar none, my favorite grocery store *in the world.*The experience of Brennan's was unbelievably good. From the aisles of incredibly fresh, deliciously and meticulously selected produce (featuring this mouth-watering Idaho peach), to the little cups of cut samples with toothpicks less than an armreach away, to the helpful clerks who patiently and kindly waited as I tried *everything*, to the thoughtful cheeses... to the... to heck with it... everything was unbelievably good. Make Brennan's an experience. Go in with no expectations except of hunger later on in your life (maybe that day, maybe the next day....)
5	Millions of peaches!If you're near a Brennan's, do yourself a favor and get some of their chin drippin' peaches. Do yourself another favor and sample from the fruit, cheese and meats they have out. While Brennan's doesn't have everything, what it does have is a good selection of great products.  The produce rocks. On your wait out, treat yo'self to a mix-and-match 6 pack of some beer.
4	Brennan's is a great, family-owned specialty market. It is most similar to a whole foods or a trader joe's. The produce is probably their real specialty. The cheese selection is fabulous, but most of it is from Wisconsin so you are going to be missing some staple imports. Jacobson Bros takes up the meat section and they are decent, but they could probably use a wider range of meats. It would be nice to see some bison or more grass fed/"organic" meat. Brennan's also has a lot of wine. All in all it is a good place to stop to prolong trips to a larger grocer.
5	Great quality produce.  Wish I lived close to a Brennan's!
5	Now if only there was a Brennan's in California...Anyway, this place has some fresh produce and all kinds of cheese--more than I've ever seen in my life! (Then again, I never went to Wisconsin until recently.) With an assortment of samples throughout the store, customers can get a little taste of what Brennan's offers. I bought the smoked string cheese and smoked beef sticks. I usually don't eat beef on a stick but this is definitely an exception. I thought it was cool how the store offered wine samples. My friends who are 21 and over got a kick out of this because sampling all kinds of cheese, along with the small wine sample, must be an even cooler store experience.If I ever get the chance to go to the Madison area of Wisconsin again, I will surely come back here and buy more than just cheese and beef sticks! It's also a great place to stop by to grab some stuff before having a jolly picnic by Lake Mendota.
4	I couldn't ever make this my only grocery stop because it doesn't have the variety that I need from a grocery store, but man does it have some delicious food! Number one is the produce.  Loads of fresh produce, and samples for you to taste before you buy. ....or you know, snack your way around the store...They also have a pretty amazing cheese section.  Mostly Wisconsin cheeses with a few other specialty cheeses as well.  I am not a cheese expert and have gone there looking for something kind of specific and was able to have someone knowledgeable enough to point me towards what I was looking for and telling me why certain kinds would or wouldn't work for what I wanted them for. They also have a pretty amazing beer section.  Lots of unique local selections, and also something that they seem to be pretty knowledgeable about when questions come up. There are other things they sell as well, snacks, meats, seafood, and some other random frozen items.  You can find quite a bit of Brennans branded local items, as well as a few other local brands.I don't get here often because it isn't a one stop grocery shop, but when I do go I wonder why I don't come more often because I always find such great things!
3	This place is very pricey...even more so than the Willy West Co-Op a couple miles down the street despite the fact that the sell the same produce  Also, a lot of their produce is rotten.  I don't know if it's because they keep all the produce outside and it can get really hot in the summer, but I couldn't buy what I needed because it had all gone bad.  I needed a couple lemons for a salad dressing and they were all mushy and soft...same deal for the peppers.  Again, the part of Brennan's where they sell the fruits and vegetables is outside.  Pair this with rotting produce and you get flies...LOTS OF FLIES.  I could not get over all the flies...The market also has an air-conditioned space where they sell beer, cheese, and meat.  If you want beer selection, they've got you covered.  You can build your own six-pack for 8 bucks and try some of the local beers WI has to offer.  They have a ridiculous amount of cheese(s) to choose from too (and usually have samples out, so you can try before you buy).  Of course though, the prices are steep.  I wouldn't go here again unless I'm hosting some sort of special event where I want to impress everyone with an amazing cheeseboard (and that doesn't happen very often...)
3	Urrrmmm...I received a message from someone identifying themself as a Brennan's employee (gmail marked it as spam, but too much of a coincidence in my opinion) who said they'd spoken to the manager of the store in an effort to share my concerns.  They also claimed they would do something about the flies...not sure how they can control nature, but I am interested to see what happens!
5	Free samples! I love free samples, so I loved this place.Seriously, it's like a little slice of heaven for me. I could make a small lunch or a great snack just visiting this place. And you know what? Maybe I did just that.Thanks, Brennan's, for being awesome.
4	I'm a fan of Brennan's, in general. This location seems a bit older than some of the others, but it's still as solid as one would expect.+ Free samples of *everything* - even if it's not out there, you can request a sample+ Very high quality items+ Staff is friendly and helpful- Checkout can be a bit painful if others are buying large quantities of items+ Tons of unique and fun gift ideas+ Easy in/out of parking lot- Lot is a tad small- Some things are fairly pricey when compared to other outletsBest bets (IMHO):+ Zip dip+ Aged cheddar+ Brun Uusto (baked cheese)+ Any of the flavored cheeses (one with habanero is excellent)
4	I used to live right across the street from this Brennan's, and only now do I realize how lucky I was to live right next to a place that provides such high quality products year around. Everything that I ever purchased from here has been very good. The produce blows every other Madison store out of the water, including Willy Street. The cheese section is awesome, because it carries a bunch of fun flavors, and a lot of them are worth checking out. The couple times I used the deli were all pleasant experiences. Also, they have great peanut butter; in particular the one with dark chocolate blended in is delish.Apart from food, it's also a pleasant place to visit. The staff are very friendly and helpful staff who are often conversational. The place is often spotless, and I like the very open feel that the produce area has. The item layout is logical, and it's easy to find everything as the space isn't large by any means.Even though the place itself and the products are great, I'm still only giving Brennan's a 4 for a couple reasons. Brennan's are good are what they offer, but they don't offer a wide variety of products. They don't provide very much items for baking or vegan cooking, and any need for brand name products will have to be satisfied elsewhere (which is fine for the most part, but there's a couple select items i'd like at times). Also, their hours aren't too expansive. I wouldn't call it inconvenient, because they're open at relatively normal hours, but I felt like a majority of my attempts to visit on Sundays ended with me finding out they were closed. Bit of a bummer. But, regardless, I still like to get some items here, and i'm very happy with what I get.
