4	I call it DETR for short. During my period of unemployment, I dealt with this agency. All of my interaction was mainly by telephone (I called so much I knew the number). I did do some things online as well (filing and checking my account, you will get a debit card, but every little transaction is counted and after the allowed amount of free inquiries, you get charged for each inquiry; getting your cash at Wells Fargo is free of charge btw). When I called, I made it a point to make it really early, as close to 8 am, in order to get a good place "in line." On a good day, I got someone who was eager to help and assist me with my questions and my claim. On a bad day, I got someone who was just trying to get through the day (kinda like the DMV). For the most part, I got nice people who gave me the information I needed. Here's a tip: have your info (date of last job, amount you made, etc.) with you, every time, because if there is a change in your information (this is the same set of 20 questions the voice prompt always asks for, before letting you speak to someone) your claim could get denied or delayed. This is for the first tier of unemployment benefits. (I was able to give some tips to my husband when he had a period of unemployment.) Technically, all people on unemployment benefits are supposed to show up at the Nevada Job Connect office for the seminar and to look at the availability of positions- if one does not have internet access at home (there is one on Maryland Parkway, across from the Boulevard Mall). ***If you get a part-time job, you will need to file (this is assuming that you do not make the same amount as your last job), so you would get a partial benefit.*** For the next tier, you will need to show proof that you are applying at jobs, no matter the method (faxing, online, in person, etc.) every week in order to qualify. You will need to fax or mail this form in to Carson City, Nevada.  And you will need to call when the time period is over for your benefits (you should get a letter in the mail, explanation of benefits), and you will need to re-qualify. This all could change because there are extensions and the laws could change, as well. So, keep this in mind.
1	One of the most un-professional places I've ever encountered. Coming from an Air Force Vet, I was truly disguisted at the way personnel treated these people. Will be contacting the director.
2	Freaking ridiculous.I can't remember my username/password. So, I email their Internet "help", which was no help at all. I was given a number to call, to reset my username/PIN.Here's the thing. There's no waiting on hold when you call this number. If all representatives are busy, the recording lets you know, tells you to call back at another time, and hangs up on you!.After weeks, YES, WEEKS. Of trying to get a hold of them, I get through. I am told (by an automated system) that the wait time is 20-49 minutes. They offered the "call back" option, where I enter my phone number, and get called back when someone is available. Awesome!About an hour and fifteen minutes later, my phone rings. The automated system lets me know that I am next.For fifteen minutes, I sat on hold, listening (in English AND Spanish) how fraudulent unemployment collections are now a felony. OMG, I just want to reset my password!!!Finally, a woman answers, and the connection is BAD. It sounds like she's on a cell phone, walking around.I was able to reset my password successfully though.
