5	This new cafe is great for anyone wanting to eat great healthy food at a very affordable price. Don't be fooled by the name, they have a ton of dishes other then salads to choose from. It is a great environment, the owners are so nice and one of them is always working. My kids have had the pan fried whole grain noodles twice a week for three weeks now and still ask for it every night. My hubby loves that steak wrap and I love the Scottsdale Salad and Fish Tacos.
4	I've been to this restaurant once so far, and what I have to conclusively say is that I'm going to have to go back again. The first time I went, it was with 2 previous co-workers who had already been to The Scottsdale Salad Co. Thank god they already knew about this place, because I'm not sure I would've ever walked in there on my own. It's situated right next to Corleone's (stiff competition) and right across from the Sprint Store on Northsight.I was all set to get the Teriyaki wrap when the man behind the register (I believe he was the owner) managed to change my mind with just 2 words: burger. wrap.It was like he was reading my mind. I had been craving a burger, but thought that a wrap might be healthier (I know this isn't necessarily true, but I truly believe in my delusions). So when he said those words in combination I knew the teriyaki didn't stand a chance. The price wasn't bad, and the wrap was pretty tasty. It had a good balance of meat with lettuce and tomato with their delicious Scottsdale salad dressing all mixed together. I have to go back just to find out what is in that Scottsdale Salad dressing, because it was delicious. Another reason I have to try it again is because of how many things looked good on that menu! So first impressions were pretty good, I just need to find out if it's got consistency and whether it'll become my go-to healthy lunch place. I'll keep everyone updated.
5	This place is amazing! I catered from here for my company and everyone loved it. At first people were hesistant because they thought it was going to be just salads but they have so many other delicious things on their menu! Their dressings are amazing and they put a lot of meet on the salads. My boyfriend also tried the tilapia wrap and pan fried noodles and was in love with both! If you want to eat somewhere affordable and healthy, definitly try this place out :)
2	The sydney salad...tuna salad, was very blasse.....open a can of tuna and dump it on top...I can do that at home...had to wait 20 minutes for it as well...
4	Very friendly owner, fresh ingredients and customizable menu.It's great to have a salad place so close to the gym!
2	Shortly after learning of its existence, we decided to try out the Scottsdale Salad Company. Unfortunately, the day we decided to go, we were in a bit of a rush. We thought getting a quick wrap or salad to go would be quick. Unfortunately, it took over 30 minutes to get three wraps to go.The menu is a bit difficult to navigate as it is so wordy. Whoever wrote it felt an entire narrative on the execution of their dishes was necessary rather than just a breakdown of what was in it.I got their Teriyaki Wrap. It was OK, but definitely not worth the wait. The sauce it came with was advertised simply as a teriyaki sauce. They failed to mention the inclusion of a wasabi cream mixture placed in it, an unfortunate combination for those like me who do not enjoy the taste of wasabi or those who do not like spicy foods, especially if they are not warned of its existence. That was the worst error of all for me. This lost my trust in their menu and i will not be coming back.*Edit* After an owner/worker posted a comment, I realized I missed an important point. Had the restraunt been busy with lots of people in front of us, I could have understood the wait. I must clarify that we were the only people there, no line was present, and I saw no tickets piled up for the cooks to be working on and no sense of urgency or rush.
4	I decided to stop in after getting my car washed at Costco.  They had a great lunch special: 1/2 salad, soup and drink for around $7.50.  I got my order to go and realized when I got to work that they forgot my salad dressing :-/.  The salad au natural was fresh..good quality ingredients...I'm sure it would have been even better with the dressing...I digress.  I had the Tuscan Soup and that was pretty good too.  I also appreciate friendly customer service.  Seeing as I'm trying to lose some lbs for summer and am in the area a lot.. I'm sure I will be back...next time I'll check the bag before I leave though :)
3	For a very nice fresh and healthy fast CASUAL salad this is the place to go!We both had salads and both were very fresh and crisp and not from out of a bag. One salad was the Athenian with shrimp, it was like a Greek Salad and the shrimp were the tiny ones. The other salad was the Bombay Salad with chicken and it was a standard kind of salad also with feta cheese. The chicken was a fresh grilled chicken but not warm and the dressing was slightly spicy but somehow reminded me of French dressing. Both salads seemed light and healthy. The owner seemed very nice and friendly and the whole place seemed very clean. Our two salads and drinks cost approx $25.00.This is not fancy, it is a very good fast food and I would stop in again when in the area.
4	I work in the neighborhood, so when I drove by this place after they opened I was very excited.  I have to say that out of the 10 times I have been here they probably got my order right 4 times.  Make sure you check your bag before you leave if you do to-go food. They have given me whole salads 3 times when I ordered half ones and they forgot the dressing a few times and they also gave me a completely wrong salad one time which I didn't mind because it ended up being really good!!  Try the Beijing Salad and add chicken!  It is SOOOO good!
2	This restaurant was ok, but I don't think we'll go back. The "tortilla" soup not only didn't have tortillas on or in it, but didn't contain Mexican spices, beans, corn, or come with any cheese or sour cream as toppings. You would think at the bare minimum it would have some tortilla strips on top? We even had to double check that we had gotten the right kind of soup because it was unrecognizeable. The wrap came with a side of green sauce that was not listed in the menu description. My sister thought it was cucumber sauce and used it on half of her wrap before she realized that the major kick she was tasting was wasabi! It would've been good to know beforehand what and how spicy this was, as not everyone enjoys wasabi. This combined with the minor annoyance that the salad had such large vegetables but doesn't come with a knife (you have to get up and get it yourself) left us unimpressed. To each their own, this one just was not for us.
4	I came in here because I saw they were running a groupon. They told groupon to stop running it. They did not.The owner was an extremely nice woman. Her name was Christine and her husband is Billy. She explained the situation and we understood. She discounted our wraps regardless. I had a burger with cheese and mayo on a chipotle wrap. My buddy had the chicken teriyaki wrap. Both of which were incredible. The owner is definitely the spark of this business! Definitely coming back. They have a new menu coming out in a week or two. We got a sneak peek and it's awesome.
4	Just had an amazing salad (called the Scottsdale Salad) at The Scottsdale Salad Co.  This southwestern flared salad had amazingly fresh ingredients with just enough heat and and attitude to make me want to go back.  I chose to have this salad meatless, but I didn't even miss it, I was too busy stuffing the corn, spinach and bright red and corn tortilla chips into my mouth.  There are way too many unhealthy lunch choices, Scottsdale Salad Co. should be applauded for bringing all these yummy greens to our little corner.  Try them and read the owner's story on the back of the menu, it is inspiring.  Supporting local businesses is very important to any community.  Oh, and they deliver for free too!
3	I went here on a Groupon NOW promotion and when I went it, the owner explained to me they were not honoring the Groupon which was kind of annoying cause now I have to get my money refunded through Groupon and she didn't offer any sort of discount to compensate.I wanted to try it out regardless and I'm glad I stuck around.  The food is made fresh and is GOOD. Honest, good, healthy and good.  They were running low on staff when we went but the owner came out and apologized.We had the chips and guac, which was ok.The salads were good.  I had the Beijing with Chicken, my friend got the Athenian and the bf got the tacos.All parties were pleased and it's inexpensive to boot.
5	We all love Scottsdale Salad Co. The food is great, the prices are right, and delivery is fast and friendly. Thanks Scottsdale Salad from the girls at Fetch Doggie Store!
1	Bought a groupon now for here. They said they no longer have a contract with groupon and would not honor it. Then when I checked in to yelp there was a coupon for a free drink once again they lady said they wouldnt honor it. Finally the lady gave me 10% off and a free drink. I was happy at that point until the food arrived. The chicken in my salad was delish but quality of the lettuce and the lack of other ingredients made it undesirable. They barely give you anything and they over charge you. Your pretty much paying $8 bucks for lettuce.
2	Wasn't impressed. Dressing tasted like a store bought bottle dressing and tomatoes very very mushy.
2	*SIGH*I wanted to like you...I really did, what...with your quirky menu that doesn't quite make sense (salads, fried fish & chips, burgers as wraps?). I even gave you two tries, just in case the first was a fluke. The first time, I ordered the burger wrap...it sounded like a good idea...but I didn't like it...at all. This time I decided to go with a cup of Tuscany soup (chili mac) and the noodle stir fry w/ a soy cafe mocha to wash it down.... Let me preface this by saying I ordered through Living Social's new delivery app. Unfortunately, it took 2 hours for my order to arrive, when I called the restaurant after 1 1/2 hours, the guy on the other line was very abrupt and said that the food would be here in less than 5 minutes...well, 5 minutes turned into 30 minutes.The soup was pretty tasty, nothing incredible, but tasty. The noodle stir fry was...kinda icky. It was somewhat soupy with charred/burnt pieces of chicken (which, strangely enough, was my favorite part...), overcooked veggies, undercooked pasta (or maybe that's just the wheat pasta texture...) and they completely forgot my cafe mocha (I wanted to cry....really I did). The guy that delivered seemed not terribly concerned and just shrugged it off saying that they'd remove it from my card.Sorry, but this place just isn't cheap enough for me to be okay with you getting it wrong a 3rd time. ...I know this sounds like a 1 star review, but I just don't have the heart to give them less than 2 for some reason...weird.
2	When I saw this place pop up along the everyday path home, I had such great hopes.  I was counting the days until I was able to hit this place for a nice weekday lunch.With an such and ostentatious name as "The Scottsdale Salad Company", I was oh so stoked about a genuine alternative...  I envisioned crazy vegan vigilance, staunch environmental activism and a ridiculous gargantuan AYCE salad buffet teaming with fresh usuals and exotic fare.  I would stuff myself into lunch coma with all manner of crazy nosh all while maintaining some personal self-image of "health" under the guise of a "salad bar".  Glorious.Alas, I was so, so disappointed.It's basically a shell of a quick-serve Chinese restaurant very slightly skinned to be a basic eatery.  The place was virtually empty at high-noon on a Tuesday.  I ordered the large Parisian Salad and a soda.  I was expecting a freshly tossed salad piled high on a plate with a flourish deserving of the name "The Scottsdale Salad Co."!!  Rather, I got a pre-packed romaine lettuce and cabbage bomb in a plastic clamshell.  Oh, my soda was a nice styrofoam cup I filled on the fountain machine.  All for about $10.  Food cost couldn't have been more than $2 even if purchased from Costco next door.  I certainly wasn't paying for the ambiance.  Lame.A couple people there got a wrap, which appeared to be emaciated and a general poor excuse for a wrap which I'd like to pay money for at a restaurant.  I could make the same lame roll at home for about $1.As is, this place is simply another ticking timebomb of another indy resturant failure.  If the owners take a risk and venture to be more than service station food, they might have a prayer...
1	CLOSED?!?  I swear this was just open last week.   I placed an order online and did not get a call back within 5 minutes per their online order confirmation. I figured they were just busy with the lunch rush so drove over anyway.    Dark, locked up, furniture removed.  Sadly the "NOW OPEN!" sign is still up.   Too bad.  Seemed like a good concept
