5	A great restaurant for authentic Colombian food.  They usually have 2 different lunch specials for only $5.99 which usually consists of meat (I've had fish, pork, chicken and beef on different occasions), rice, salad, sweet plantains and their soup of the day.  I also order an empanada (only $1) on the side if I'm really hungry.  The service here is quick, nice and attentive.  They also just opened another location in the food court at Plaza Fiesta across from Carowinds (lunch special is $4.99, portions are just a little smaller but still very filling.)
3	I first brought there by a friend for a drink.  He ordered the empanada which is $1.- a piece as appetizer.  I love the 3 different types of salsa sauce.  The empanada was kind of croquette of potatoes and beef.  I like it.  I was also attracted by the lunch menu (abt $5.-) on the board and decided to go back for dinner before their party in the late evening.I ordered a steak plate, recommended by my friend $9.95 (abt that) and a drink..  I really do not like that.  (I did not want to upset my friends as they frequent there and known by the owner and all the waiters and waitress.1.  The steak tastes like a piece of dead meat of rubber.  They only cook to well-done that I could not handle.2.  The rice was barely cooked.3.  I felt sands inside my mouth, perhaps they did not wash those vegetable, plantain, tomato, onion or cilantro .My dead steak and one drink came up to close to $20.-  (whether it is cheap, I let you judge it.)Sorry.  I just tell the truth.The atmosphere of the party later the evening was very good.  More people coming later the night.  The later, the more crowded.  All music are Latin ones.  The place is real small for such a big crowd.  If you do not mind being pushed, that's fun.  I can see it is a gathering place for those folks from S. America or Latinos.If you drink, it can empty you pocket quickly. Otherwise, it is OK.
4	Not bad, not bad. We've been long-time visitors of Delicias Colombianas on South Blvd, so I was happy to find another Colombian restaurant close by. This place definitely has DC beat on ambiance- it's a cute restaurant and nicely decorated, plus they also have a nice little outdoor eating area and a couple of TVs (tuned to soccer).Started with an empanada and pan de bono each- both awesome! Their pan de bono is actually the best I've ever had (but if you want to try them or any of the other baked goods, you might want to go for lunch- they do all their baking in the morning, and when it's gone it's gone!). Then we moved on to the paradilla (a large platter of grilled meats, with fried onions and peppers) which came with fried plantains and rice on the side. Not the best I've had, but it was pretty good- and at $20ish for two people it isn't a bad deal.I'll definitely be going back, as there are some other things on their menu I can't wait to try. One item my husband was excited to see is sancocho, which they don't serve at DC.
4	Started to come here quite often as my salsa dancing friends love the place.  I was attracted by the music the DJ plays for the Salsa and Columbia night.  Rarely eat now there as we mainly go there to dance.  Red wine is $8.- with a tiny tinny plastic cup.  Really feel like those teenagers party style.  Bucket of beer is only $6.- or a little more.  (Just never like beer except going to Germany, Belfast or UK) If it is not raining, this place is always jam packed.Most guests are from Colombia (my friend is) or South Americans. They need to do something for the floor if they really want to take care of customers who love to dance.  The floor is YUCK!  Even they have cleaned it up before the party time.As a whole, good party place.
4	Delicious food and warm, friendly atmosphere.  Highly recommend and looking forward to my next meal here.
4	One of the greatest lunch values in Charlotte the week day special comes with soup and an entree. All for $6. The food is great and the three salsa toppings are the bomb (not mexican red stuff here). The service has always been very prompt and professional.
4	I agree with Jake B. you can not find a better lunch value in Charlotte and the food and salsa are great. Just want to add that they have started serving breakfast on the weekend. Order their Columbian breakfast that includesa a tasty steak (hanger?) eggs that are mixed with beans and rice. Not common breakfast fare for an American but it was great, plus the portion size was real big.
5	We had the opportunity to eat here last weekend, and thoroughly enjoyed the place. The staff was extremely helpful and never let any drink run dry. The food was tasty and top quality. we started off with Empanadas, which had good flavor and probably could have been plenty for two as a meal. But we didn't stop there... we also ordered a side of Yuca, which seemed a bit on the dry side, I don't believe it was an error on the cooking process but instead I don't believe the Yuca was quite ripe, even with the dryness they were great! I ordered the Bandeja Tipica Colombiana, which honestly is enough for two people. Everything on the plate was cooked perfectly and had such great flavor. I loved the sausage and crackling. Because of the amount of food on my plate, I didn't get a chance to try any other dishes, but there were no complaints from the table. This is definitely a top notch restaurant, not the best of locations though (it is at a location that you need to be going there to see it, its located in a corner of a shopping complex that isn't thriving anymore). Everything said, We will definitely be visiting again for more!
4	Totally Colombian!  when i say totally im picking on one of my friends who says that about eveything almost. look at the photo of the plate and you'll see what we got, i asked if we needed to order more food, this was not the so called by the menu meal for two, this was a meal for one $10.99, it could have been a meal for three if you no all my friends are jocks you may not think this was alot of food, so in case you are blind and can not see my photo this was in it, red sausage, black sausage, potatoes, plantains kinda like baannas, limes, corntortias in chunks, tomatoes, beef,pork and something like chunks of bacon but about an inch thick and ok heres the deal this food was good but even though we used about half of the jar of all three sauces, so 1 1/2 total jars for two people and it could have been three it was still not the fullensee of flavor i expected but one of my friends said that is how it is suppoesd to taste,so i guess it may have been better if that is what you are used to and it made more than a few of my lists
5	Just went there for lunch, AMAZING daily lunch specials.  for 6.62 you get a drink, soup of the say, salad, rice, fried plantain, and featured protein.  I had grilled pork.  The sauces that accompany each dish are just as delicious as the dishes themselves.  Fresh ingredients and satisfy every taste bud!
3	Three 1/2 stars.  I stopped for lunch on my way to the airport. Sunday 2:30 , this being Charlotte I figured it would be empty. WROONG. The place was packed with Latins having lunch at their  usual (Latin) time. Service was fantastic, in spite of hustle and bustle the help made sure I got my food asap when I told them I had to go.  I ordered the Picada, way too much food and definitely heavy but very tasty. I loved the roasted casava, plantains etc. The "red sausage" (chorizo!) very good tasting but compared to the Argentine version it's much drier and tougher. The "black sausage" ( morcilla or blood pudding) has rice in it, again drier and nowhere as rich flavored as the Argentine version, but it's a Colombian restaurant so that's not a completely fair comparison. Also people who are not used to it would probably prefer the milder Colombian black sausage. I had to run and didn't have time to finish my lunch, but I'd definitely return if I'm in that area. I looked at what other people were having and all of it looked very appetizing , huge portions too. Don't go there if you're on a diet!
5	Best Colombian food in Charlotte. Hands down. The Churrasco is excellent.
5	There are not many Colombian restaurants in Charlotte. I was born and raised in Colombia so I crave the authentic meals all the time. This place takes me back to Colombia every time. They're also very clean, friendly staff and have happy hour :)
5	Fantastic food and better prices
3	Kids mac and cheese was amazing
4	Call this a very low, marginal four-star.  Which we could have half rating from Yelp!Having traveled extensively in South America, one month in Colombia was an excellent experience and a better way to know the food, people and cultures of the country.  The Colombians have good reason to be proud of their country and keep asking, "Where are the American tourists?"  I remind them of the drug wars, which they are burying deep in their mental pasts and the conversations moves on.My wife and I never found Colombian food to be anything special, but we were impressed with Los Paisas.  Los Paisas is how they refer to thenselves and their trademark, very traditional worker's meal is a paisa.  This is the full-court press of sausage, fried pork skin, rice, beans, fried plantain and more.  It is a feast and will last you for a day.  Try it at Los Paisas.We were the only gringos in the place, so you know that the food is what the latinos like.  And with the servers all fluent in Spanish, Los Paisas is a comfortable place for those who do not speak English well.Best news is that they have daily specials prices at just under $7.  Includes soup, beverage and a choice of three entrees.  An excellent way to shop through Colombian cuisine.We had the grilled pork covered with white cream sauce,  Nice little salad with it and the lighter green plantain, which is not really green as is raw, but lighter fried.  The standard plantain is heavily fried, thicker and comes out a orange-yellow.Wife had a salad with avacado and it was a very generous portion of both greens and avacado.House dressing is a red wine vinaigrette made in-house.  I found it way too sweet for my taste, but my wife liked it.  Iced tea is very weak, more like tinted water.  Service was excellent.  They have skillfully used their limited space to put in a full bar and have room to dance.  Seating is available outside and is not crowded inside.We will come back for another lunch special as we think Los Paisas has potential to be a full 4-star or a five.
4	Great place and extremely friendly staff. I was next door getting a picture framed and a lady told I could go get something to drink while I waitied. The Colombians that work there a authentic paisas, not from medellin but close enough. the empanadas with aji reminded me of bogota as well as the jugo lulo!
5	Omg...OMG THE FOOD IS SO FREAKING GOOD & full of flavor....So much on the menu that looks good. I branched out an ordered the Bandeja Tipica Colombiana $12.95....I was going to order what I was use to ordering when I eat South American cuisine rhe  Arroz Con Pollo...so I tried the Columbiana and I order 2 beef Epanadas to start.. I had to sit at the bar because the place was so packed.Amazing is a serious understatement to describe this dish. it was a lot of food I was so hungry I almost finished it all...I could have if I had not ordered the two Epanadas which were superb. The Colombiana had so many different textures & flavors ..tip make sure you mix the chimichuri sauce in with the white rice...& BOOYAW! When you combine the egg, rice n beans, steak, sweet plantains & avacado in one bite...DAMN makes you want to jump up an smack somebody.... this has to be the best South American restaurant in Charlotte... no wonder its in Balyntyne area....I will definitely be coming back here.
5	Love this place, I've been going for lunch for years- you just can't beat it for under $7!! Staff is amazing and the food is delicious!
4	I happened to be in Pineville one day and tried their grilled chicken lunch. Their specials come with a side salad, rice, plaintains, and a huge bowl of delicious veggie soup to complement the entree. The chicken was savory and awesomely seasoned, and every bite made me wish I lived closer to Pineville so I could become a regular.Not much to say, everything was faultless! Great lunch specials, cheap prices, and really friendly, quick service. Convenient location too, even though it's hidden behind the Waffle House. Can't wait to come back for dinner someday and try their desserts. No doubt, this is my new favorite South American restaurant in Charlotte.
1	I am reluctant to give only one star seeing all the 4-5 stars on Yelp for this place which was what brought me to Los Paisas in the first place. My husband, son and I went Sunday 2pm. The place was packed and we had a short wait. We were very excited to see the place packed translating to a good restaurant and seeing the food being served to other patrons looked delicious. Unfortunately, my $15.99 seafood bouillabaise was terrible because it had 2 small/medium size shrimps, 4 frozen (not fresh) mussels, 2 tiny pieces of fish, 2 small rings (size of nickel and dime) of calamari, 3 crab legs the length and width of my fingers that was fully intacted in the shell (with no means of cracking the legs open). It came in a deceiving big bowl only to have me fish around in the sauce for the seafood. Why do they even bother having this on the menu only to serve frozen mussels and teeny tiny seafood? My husband ordered a cup of coffee which was luke warm he says. He hailed the waiter over and the waiter did remedy this by getting my husband a hotter cup of coffee. I was also excited to try the crispy pork from my husband's plate only to find it really hard to chew. Way over cooked/fried. The place was packed with Colombians so I would think its authentic and good. Don't go by my 1 star and not try this place, just don't order the seafood bouillibaise. Or maybe they just want to serve to Colombians? I'm fine with that. Its too bad we didn't have a good experience cause we are the type that would patronize a restaurant every week if we love it. Other restaurants would be glad to take my money once a week I'm sure.
3	Pretty good Colombian (at least the best I've found so far in Charlotte). Service is excellent, everyone is very friendly and attentive. Try their seafood rice - very good. I am kind of surprised at their somewhat high prices for some of the dishes (at least compared to the big city I come from). Also, I wish they had soup options throughout the ENTIRE day not just for lunch. Their tres leches dessert is to DIE FOR!!!!
4	From the looks of it, Los Paisas may not seem like much, but once inside, strap yourself in, because you're going to treat yourself to one of the best culinary rides in Charlotte. As with any "comida tipica" (meaning "authentic"), you're going to get a lot of food. No, I mean A LOT OF FOOD. Come with an empty stomach. You won't be sorry. For those of us who crave authentic, there's plenty to choose from. For those of you who might be a bit apprehensive, never fear, there's also plenty to choose from to satisfy your palates. Great menu for kids, too. I grew up in Jackson Heights, Queens, New York. Little Bogota. So I ate a lot of "comida tipica colombiana" back in the day. Los Paisas brought me back to my days running around on 82nd Street and Roosevelt Avenue. Simply put, there's authentic, and there's Los Paisas. Their dedication to authenticity is absolutely admirable, and we as the consumer will always benefit from this.
3	Ate there and was not very impressed. The food did not meet my expectations whatsoever and was rather dissatisfied.  My mojarra frita was cooked good but the plantains were stiff and tasteless, moreover the mojito was bland, weak, and tasted like a frozen mix, nothing fresh.  My stepdad got the cocktail de camarones and was very disappointed.  It was like a like luke-warm bloodymary mix with tasteless shrimp.  I am a big fan of south American food, Cuban food, and anything worldy, so I'm fine with eating a fish w/ a head on the plate.  Everything there besides the table salsas was rather bland. The service was actually quite good though, and they gave us free empanadas since it was our first time there.  I gave it a try...
5	I travel to NY, San Fran, LA and Houston and this is the best Columbian food I've found ( no offense but who would really expect that in a Suburb of Charlotte). Got the chicken with a mustard like cream sauce on it. Fantastic!  Fried cheesecake....amazing!  Sour sop juice to drink....heaven. Just go there and you will write a review like this as well.
4	This is a MUST DO restaurant. The freshness of the food is evident from appetizers thru the main meals. Staff was attentive and super friendly. The flavors are amazing and not too over-powering. We had pork, steaks, and lots of great veggie dishes. Enjoyed the futbol on TV, too!
2	Looks like I am one of the only ones who wasn't very impressed. Maybe I need to go back again and get something different?We went for lunch and I was pretty excited after reading the reviews. The inside is clean and quaint. It is located in a shopping center (a little tough to find) but it is tucked in to the right of Staples.We split two beef empanadas and the Bandeja Paisa which includes a mixture of egg, steak, sausage, an avocado cut in half, a sweet plantain, beans and rice. I really enjoyed the plantain but the rest was lacking a bit of flavor and wasn't very hot temperature-wise. I liked the steak once I added some of the side sauces to them but my chimichuri-loving husband said he thought it tasted jarred to him. Most dishes minus the lunch specials (4 which change daily) were about $12 for lunch. That is a little steep for me , the dishes are definitely shareable which is nice but it limited us to ordering what the other person would want too. For the price I just didn't feel like the meal lived up to some other $12 lunches I have enjoyed.
4	Glad I finally decided to try Colombian cuisine. As you can see from the pictures, they give you a lot, so recommended you come hungry. The skirt steak was quite generous as well as the fried plantains. Food quality was terrific and a great value. I also got a smoothie (dairy-based) which was served in a very tall glass - can't remember the name of the fruit but it was awesome. For those looking for something different and affordable, I recommend Los Paisas and look forward to returning to try some of their seafood.
5	Ay dios mio!! (Oh my God) Took a bit of a drive to get here  & I am so glad the hour + drive was so worth it! It's been a while since I've had some Colombian food. They had a live band the night I went. Loved it. The place is on the small side and it was for sure a full house! Crowded near the door. We had the meat empanadas to start ! Straight perfection. Perfectly crispy! Gone in two seconds. I had a guanabana shake ....again perfect my little sister gave me a sip of her mango shake you guessed it perfect! I had the Columbian platter has tons of stuff rice, beans, meat, sausage, plantains, a fried egg, fresh chicharones ( I think it's pork skin) & an arepa. Everything was as expected wonderful. There's a hot sauce I had that was awesome too. It's one of the three they have. I didn't look at the other two so I can't explain, but it was so good even took some home. My son wanted tostones (fried green plantains) he topped them with salsa roja (red sauce) red sauces is something you need to experience it's just so amazing! This place was awesome I will for sure be going back.
1	I have a couple complaints about this restaurant:1- first time I found a best of hair on my dish.2- I bough empanadas and it was a completely mess. They didn't give me any instruction.I talked to the manager and they didn't take any responsibility.
5	I never leave reviews but I have to this time! The food was awesome, so abundant and the service was awesome! I have a Jew friend who only ordered a coke and the waiter gave her free! So awesome food!
4	Initially we wanted to go to a different restaurant nearby that was closed. I saw Los Paisas and it was crowded, which is always a good indicator for good food. I am normally very picky with my food, but this restaurant was good. I loved their fresh juices. They are just $3 and are freshly prepared. I had a mango and passion fruit juice. Both juices were very refreshing, came in a large sized glass and were just wonderful. If you don't like it too sweet, make sure you mention not to put too much sugar in your juice. Also, I looved their black sausage. It is a blood sausage. People usually don't try blood sausage, but I would highly recommend this sausage. I wasn't too impressed with the ox tail soup, but it was home style and I think many people would like it. It was potato based. The ox tail was excellent. I am just not too big on potato soups in summer. Also, for my taste, it was a little "plain", but it is a classic potato based ox tail soup. They have also a very good starter. It is guacamole with fired bananas that are like ships. It may doesn't sound great, but it was very good. I enjoyed it.    Overall, it was good food. I wouldn't call this cuisine "exciting", but it was very good home-style food with large portions. If you are new to this cuisine, start with starters. Ask to share one portion of the soup. It comes with rice and salad and will get you full. We shared a soup, had 4 starters, paid about $35 and were happy and full.It was good.
5	This place is live it's fresh, delicious and the service was great. Food was on point and the servings were definitely more than ample. Had a bandeja pasa and shared a parilla and this is true Colombian food, almost made me feel like I was back home in Miami. Definitely a place to come and eat alone or with friends and family.
5	Came here tonight for the first time. It's a game night (soccer) between Brazil and Colombia so naturally a lot of game spirit here since it's a Colombian restaurant. Food was plenty and tastes good...a couple of folks food in our group had a salty food but they swapped it.Drink are also very good. We had a a couple of margarita pitchers and shared between all of us (6 people)Gave us empanadas and a few sauces/dips and those were good too. Will return soon for more good food.
5	Just flat-out delicious cuisine!This is based on 3 meals that I have thoroughly enjoyed during lunch hour. The pictures on Yelp really don't do justice to the wonderful flavors that one experiences with each bite. I know that this review is sounding a bit cheerleader-ish but this is exceptionally delicious food. I hesitate to mention this but I believe that their menu is under priced. When I watch the food shows on cable TV I see dishes that take 15, 20, 36 hours to prepare. This is one of those places (I'm guessing). It seems that the secret to Los Paisas is that they serve up slow food instead of fast food and, wow, you can really taste the difference.They have 3 lunch specials every day (plus the menu dishes) and the specials are different each day. Order with confidence. I don't think you'll get a mediocre dish no matter what it is, so throw a dart and enjoy a properly prepared plate.One thing that I will order every time I go in, is the guacamole app served with plantain "chips". Try this, it will change your life.I find it interesting that Colombian cuisine does not rely on spicy peppers for flavor. They don't use chili's at all in the food but if you do like it hot, there is a 3 variety container of different pepper sauces that is brought to your table. Another interesting twist is that all the servers are men. They are all very professional and attentive. It's not really a "thing" but it is a difference that I haven't come across too often.Lastly, the portions are very generous. I come away from a meal at Los Paisas feeling like I have just had something from someone's family recipe book. It's a real treat to find a well run, consistently great restaurant!
3	It was ok. Had rice and beans. Beans were super salty - heart attack in the making. Rice was really good. I enjoy trying new things. Don't know if I want to come back here for a second time. Good to try for first time.
4	Fantastic. Great flavor. Friendly service. Well prepared and authentic. I spent 13 years doing business in Latin America and this gem is worth the drive. I was in town on business and found them in Yelp. Just go and eat! You won't be sorry.
5	As good as it gets! I was so thrilled to find a columbian restaurant close by where I work. The food was excellent. I ordered the Bandeja Tipica Colombiana but got aside instead of the shredded meat. There was so much food I had the rest for dinner. Everything was tasty and fresh. The staff was very attentive. We will be going back. 2 thumbs up!
4	HOLY HEARTATTACK ..!!! I was in the area and stopped here for lunch the other day. After quickly looking at the menu I knew that was getting - The Bandeja. It was my go to dish at my favorite Columbian joint up in NYC.This dish is enough to fee two people!! You get rice, beans, steak, sausage, pork belly, a fried egg, avocado, sweet plantains and a thick white tortilla. I can't begin to descried how delicious every single bite was. I almost didn't make it back to work as my food coma started to kick in.The entire staff was extremely friendly and welcoming which made me feel more comfortable as I was probably the only non-Hispanic person there. I sat at the bar so I could watch a soccer game on tv. The owner/manager himself came out and spoke to me for a bit. He even checked back in a few times to make sure I was doing ok. Overall, I had a great experience and I will recommend this place to anyone looking for good Columbian food. I can't wait to go back.
