5	I have a new go-to! This is bbq done right!My first visit here I got some chopped beef, lean sliced brisket, a link of sausage, cole slaw and a slice of pecan pie.The chopped beef made a delicious sandwich (for the record, a 1/2 lb of chopped beef makes 2 hefty sandwiches for less $ than most bbq joints charge for 1) but the star here was the lean brisket. Might be too dry for some but I prefer mine super lean cuz you can always add some sauce to it. They do have moist brisket as well.The sausage was tasty too and I can't wait to see what the jalapeno version is doing.Top notch quality and for a price that isn't gonna hurt your wallet. Proof that a lot of valley bbq restaurants are charging too much.To put it plain and simple, THIS BBQ IS LARAPIN!Oh yeah, cash only.
3	I decided to try Texas BBQ House after seeing a menu that was dropped off at my work. First impression is it is a small place in a not so good location. A couple previous restaraunts were in the same location and had to close shop. To put it simply, I hope this place does not go anywhere. The beef brisket is great. Worth 4 stars itself. Barbecue sauce is on the sweet side but very tasty. Most meats are sold by weight. You have to arrive early if you want the moist brisket as it sells out early. The sides are not too much to brag about. Simple cream corn and baked beans are good, coleslaw is made fresh as I saw them preparing it in the kitchen, potato salad tastes as if it is purchased pre made.I have eaten here about a dozen times and it always has good food. I however found another place that has a better smoke flavor to their brisket. Rudy's. Rudy's uses a real wood fired Oyler Smoker that produces a consistantly better flavor than Texas BBQ House. I will still eat here when I am in the area but if I had to choose, I am going to Rudy's as both places are the same distance from where I live.
5	Texans do things a little differently. They pledge allegiance to the Texas flag in school. They maintained the right to secede from the Union. Their flag flies at the same height as the US flag....and they make insanely killer BBQ. This is a little taste of Texas right here in AZ. As a former San Antonian - I know BBQ! Don't let the location deter you - once you step inside those doors you're transported to the Lone Star state. The food was delicious. We tried the pork ribs, the moist brisket, and the sausage. All amazing - their meat is cooked to perfection. Next time I need to save room for the pecan pie. They serve the meat with slices of white bread and there are pickles and onions on the side - that's how they do it in Texas :) . The service was incredible - these guys are great. They are wiling to accommodate their customers however they can. They are going to have all the NFL games this season - they have several t.v.'s. This is a perfect place to grab lunch and catch a game. I really hope all my fellow downtowners will take the time to drive a few miles south and support this business. The food is great and affordable - one of the least expensive BBQ places I've been too. Go and eat some great food and enjoy some Texas hospitality. You won't be sorry!
5	Let me say I am still in partial food comma so please excuse any misspellings.Walked in when they opened and was greeted by Dale one of the owners.  He starts to explain the menu to me and then asks what I would like to sample.  Well that was all he needed to say.  I tried everything pretty much on the menu from a sample perspective.Let me get this out of the way.  Texas House BBQ is going to upset the BBQ scene here in Phoenix because it is super simple and super good.  I love that they don't sauce any of their meats at all.  It truly lets you savor the flavor of all the meats.  Speaking of meats there are plenty.  Brisket (3 different cuts), spare ribs (with the tip on, I almost cried), chicken, turkey, pork loin (very tender and juicy), sausage (I usually don't like sausage but theirs is awesome), and chopped beef.  I got a pound of the moist brisket, half a pound turkey, half pound ribs, and chopped beef.  For sides I took home the pinto beans (super good and not sweet thank God), and also the creamed corn (more on this later).  Let me tell you that this meal I just had was a great experience.  The flavor of the meat combined with my onions and jalepenos will not be forgotten soon.  The ribs are bite through tender, and my moist brisket had a great rub on the bark and was also tender.  The oak they use is very mild on the meat but adds enough to let you know that it is BBQ.  Did I mention the brisket was super good.  The turkey was really tender and moist as well with a very different rub than the rest of the meats.  The chopped beef is mixed with BBQ sauce and this was really not my thing but my wife loved it.The creamed corn gets its own paragraph since it is probably the best BBQ side I have ever had.  I don't like sweet things but this one blew my socks off and goes great with the savory BBQ meats.  It has a great consistency and the corn is not canned but fresh.  You really get a good corn crunch from the creamed corn that lets you know it is fresh.Make sure you get plenty of the pickles, onions, and jalepenos when you get take out.  I almost ran out half way through my plate.If you couldn't tell this place is awesome and will be disrupting the BBQ scene in the valley.  It is also on 24th street and Roser which is not to far from Laveen, and adds to the new restaurant renaissance here in south Phoenix that includes The House at The Secret Garden, and Ammano Pizzeria.Thanks Dale and team.  I will be back soon.
4	This place gets a solid 5 stars for the meats and the service!!!  I ordered the pork loin (ordered chopped) and creamed corn which were extremely good.  I also tried the lean brisket and moist brisket.  The sample of moist brisket was the best I have ever tasted; I would have ordered it, but sampled it after I bought the pork loin.I have to knock it down one star for a few reasons, but I will be back many, many times for sure!   I was not a big fan of the banana pudding; it did not taste very fresh today.  A couple of the reviewers noted how good it was; I may have ordered it on an off day.   I am also disappointed that you can not order a traditional sandwich; basically, they give you white sandwich bread and offer to chop the meat up for you.  There is only one type of BBQ sauce, and I am not a huge fan of it.  But as the other reviewers noted, the meat tastes so good you may not even want any sauce!!!
5	Let me start off by saying it's hard to impress me with BBQ as I run the BBQ Club here in Arizona for a living.That being said, this place is one of the best I have ever had.  Their Moist Brisket is nothing short of amazing, certainly the BEST Brisket I have ever had at a Restaurant.Their Pork Loin & Sausage are also fantastic.  I'm still working on the rest of the menu.  I will post up more once I sample all of it.I love their Cream Corn Side as well as their Banana Pudding, I could just go there and order those all day.This Restaurant is one of the top BBQ Restaurants here in the Phoenix area and I highly recommend everyone stop in & try them out.  I know they are working on opening up another one in South Scottsdale and I'm excited for that one as I live close to where it will be.Stop in, tell them you read the AZBarbeque review & post up your thoughts.
5	Sweet baby Jesus. All of my prayers have been answered. I left the Great State of Texas three years ago and have been disappointed by so many bbq restaurants throughout the state of Arizona. I was saddened by the "best bbq" in Tucson and decided that, until I lived in Texas again, I would just live a meaningless bbq free existence. As I moped through another day in the hottest place on the planet, my very thoughtful partner suggested that we try the best bbq in Phoenix, according to the Phoenix New Times. I resisted. I said I was tired, I made up lame excuses, I feigned heat sickness. When I had no more excuses I finally relented and joined him in what would be the most delicious dinner I have had in three f*in years. Highlights of the meal:Brisket- Tender, delicious, excellent rub and crustRibs- Fall of the bone meat with great flavorSauce- Just enough tang and sweet. Balanced like a god damned ballerinaColeslaw- Sweet, sour, crunchy, yummyPotato salad-  Oh how I love theeI will be back again. I will blog about them. I will tell my friends. You will not be disappointed. If you don't believe me, go anyway. They offer free samples. If you don't cream your jeans, you can just walk out the door.
3	Granted it was my first visit but I don't get down that way often, but i was underwhelmed. The building looked good from outside but it sort of went down hill after that. The deli style, by the lb, served in cartons, butcher paper, cash only, one sauce thing was overload...negativly. I ordered the "cutters choice" brisket, side and drink for 7.99.  I was given a 3.5 cuts of dry brisket on was paper, a small side of beans in a styo cup with a lid, a plate which is another section of wax paper all folded, two slices of WALMART white bread, on wax paper served in a huge 2 liter pepsi container used to carry 10 or more bottle at a time with more wax paper under it all. The drink was a styro cup, with an individually wrapped straw, individually wrapped fork, knife and spoon and more styro cups or paper trays for the pickles, onions and peppers. The entire thing was a freakin mess. I had more trash to throw away the a family of four in a normal place. Yet they only take cash because they want to keep costs down...WHAT?The brisket was ok, the sauce was ok (one type yet there are buckets under the cooler of beer that say HOT SAUCE on them?) The beans were ok. Really nothing to bring me back which sucks because they are better then my review and I know it.
3	Had lunch here with for a business meeting after having a yearning for BBQ for a week or so.  Ambiance was nice. Staff were friendly. First time so they offered samples, which was helpful. I ended up trying the beef brisket with a side of the regular smoked sausage. Flavors were good; all the meats are smoked so served "dry."I really liked the home-made BBQ sauce on the side ... Thick, nice flavors, not too sweet. The outside patio was small but pleasant with picnic table seating. Definitely a plus for Phoenix in the fall/winter/spring months. All in all, a pleasant experience.
5	The search for amazing barbeque in Phoenix is over!  I have driven past the BBQ house for a few months, always wanting to stop and finally did.  Walking in ordering my food, I was reminded of Rudy's, and as I ate my brisket i was throughly impressed.The brisket is moist and flavorful, the potato salad was amazing and the atmosphere was perfect.By far the best barbeque in Phoenix, I've already recommended this restaurant to friends and co-workers!
5	I have a love for barbeque joints that has gone unsatisfied since moving here.  I drove past this place for two months multiple times per day and finally decided to meet up with a buddy for lunch.  The guys at the counter were very friendly, very accommodating and offered samples of pretty much anything.  The moist brisket and pork are amazing.  We ordered the potato salad and the beans and the cream corn.  I wouldn't shut up about the beans.  We also got one of the jalapeno sausages.  It was pretty tasty as well.  I also went for lunch one day and got their lunch special.  I was amazingly full by the time I left, but managed to have some of their pecan pie.  It was tasty!  I would definitely go back, and also wouldn't hesitate to recommend others to go.  While I don't consume alcohol, I loved that when you walk in the door that there are coolers on the side that you can grab a bottle of beer out of.  It is a clean-feeling restaurant.  I liked that you order it by the pound and so, if desired, could order like 1/4 pound of this and 1/4 pound of that.  It is very affordable.  Two of us ate more than a healthy portion of food and it was only like $28.  Not bad for 3 sides, 3 servings of meat, drinks and bread. It closes at 7pm though, so don't venture over here if you won't make it before then.
5	My wife was born and raised just outside Houston and I've traveled all over the country on business and in search of great food. I never thought I'd find a place that could even come close to The Salt Lick or The County Line in the Austin area, but folks, this is the real deal. These boys know how to whip up a batch of Texas best vittles this side of El Paso! Don't go gettin' all dressed up for this one, 'cuz you are going to be wearing (and bringing) some of this home! The down home atmosphere and Shiner Bock on ice is just the start, and the finish with some pecan pie makes it all come together at the end! Great place to take the family, friends and their families, too!
3	I'm not as enthusiastic as most reviewers here.  While I had no issue with the method/atmosphere of service (I kind of like the butcher paper/casual thing!), I was underwhelmed with the meat.  There was discernable smoke flavor and a smoke ring, but not as much as I normally would expect.  Also, the meat was a bit dry (even though I got the "moist" cut of brisket).  The sides we had (creamed corn and potato salad) were excellent.In short, this place does NOT replace my valley favorite, Joe's Real BBQ in Gilbert.
4	Solid 4 star. This review is for brisket & sausage only because I don't do sides.... Moist brisket was great.... Really some of the best brisket I have had west of the Rio Grande..... The sausage was a great blend of beef & pork.... If you want Texas BBQ in AZ this is your place... If you don't like it ... You don't like Texas BBQ... So don't blame the establishment. I did not give them a 5 star because they could of knocked that brisket out of the park If they used a real smoker and not an electric smoker... You can only go so far with an electric smoker... Cmon boys get off yer lazy asses and buy a real smoker and rival TEXAS!
3	I'm not sure what all of the hoopla is about this place!! The food is average and bland.
4	Just spent two years in Austin eating BBQ from all over the state.This place is legit.....for Phoenix.WORLD CLASS sausage and excellent brisket!  Sides were average.  Nothing much exciting there.The bread was killing both me and the quality of the meat.The sauce is too sweet.  It would be great for St. Louis style ribs, but this is Texas...put some spice in there.
5	Being from Texas, I am skeptical about all things barbecue and chicken fried outside of home.  Most places, hard as they try, will never get it right.  That being said, Texas BBQ House was like stepping into a teleporter that brought me right back to the doorstep of home.  Served up in a traditional Texas style, you walk up to the counter and order various meats by the pound.  They are sliced right in front of you, placed on butcher paper and set in a plastic crate.  You grab cold sides from a reach in fridge and order hot sides from one of the nice men at the counter.  They've got sweet tea, the good Coke (the Mexican kind in the bottle that still has real sugar), and IBC in a bottle.  Doesn't get much better than that.  Every single meat (and I do believe we tried them all) was moist and just seemed to fall apart as you picked it up.  A quality Famous Dave's has yet to master with their brisket.  The boyfriend and I decided to try order as much as we could, stuff ourselves, and go home with leftovers.  As we ordered, the staff would cut us both samples of each meat.  We were not disappointed in a single one.   After loading up on brisket, jalapeno sausage, pork loin, and ribs, they brought us samples of the creamed corn and pinto beans.  Both were excellent, but we just went with creamed corn (like we didn't already have enough food).  And what kind of barbecue dinner is complete without potato salad and coleslaw?  So, we threw both of those on as well. In true Texas tradition, they hand you as many slices of white sandwich bread as you'd like, you pay, and you're on your way to carnivore heaven.  Like I said, everything we had was delicious and I guarantee this little gem would not be shunned back home.  There are LCD televisions in every corner and they'll put on whatever game you'd like to watch.  It's chilly now, but during the nicer months you can enjoy your feast outside on picnic benches under a covered patio.  It's in the middle of nowhere, (24th street and Broadway) we nearly missed it, but they are opening a second location in Scottsdale sometime in January 2012.  I think I'll still head out to this one, though, as I can't really see myself eating barbecue around the Scottsdale crowd.  They close early (7 pm) so don't waste daytime.  Next time I'm in, we'll try not to overload ourselves and leave room for dessert.  I'm eager to try the banana pudding and the boyfriend loves pecan pie. So, I'll update on that as soon as we get hungry again.
4	Good Texas Brisket served the way you like it, either moist or lean with sliced white bread. The ribs were ok, the beans plain and the sausage was again just ok but their brisket is great! I will be back!
5	We decided to have Texas BBQ prepare the food for our work team Holiday Party.  We figured it would be good but had no previous experience.  All I can say is WOW!!!  Every aspect of the meal was incredible.  The folks on the other end of the phone were helpful, pleasant,  and knew their product!  They gave us a "smokin' deal" (no pun intended).  The delivery and set up was right on time to the minute.  We had not even expected delivery.  The food was amazing!  Everyone raved.  The brisket was tender, juicy, and flavorful.  It fell apart when the fork touched it.  The pork loin was moist and succulent.  The smoke was sweet and not harsh or overpowering.  All of the sides; cowboy beans, slaw, and potato salad were fresh and homemade with just the right kick.  Also featured was one of the best BBQ sauces I have had to date.  I am a former professional chef/caterer, working in education.  Believe me, I would not take the time to write this glowing review unless all of the components lined up right:  promises kept, food well prepared; clean, ample, and delicious, and great value!  Bravo Texas BBQ!!  You have not heard the last of me!
4	Damn good food!
2	I've had a chance to eat some of the best BBQ in Texas (Snows's, Louie Muellers, Blacks, etc) and I'm sorry to say that this is not close to any of them. On my first trip I had some of the moist brisket, some ribs and some sausage.  The ribs were okay, but could have used a spicier rub on the meat. Not much smoke on them either. The brisket is so-so. Granted that this is the only place I've found in the valley to serve moist brisket or even give you a choice, but the meat was lacking flavor. It was tender though. The sauce is sweet and lacking a kick either from vinegar or spice, but if the meat is good who cares about the sauce. Sausage was just okay, didn't taste smoke on the sausage at all. I'll try this place one more time, but there are better places in the valley where the BBQ has more flavor from the rub and smoke than Texas BBQ house. I was really excited to try this place after reading the reviews, but was let downHopefully the second time I try will be better
4	If you're hankering for some real Texas BBQ on the Southside of town look no further. Albeit this place is smack dab in the ghetto but when you walk inside the atmosphere is very rodeo-ish.  The guys behind the counter are extremely friendly they even offer samples. MAKE SURE TO BRING CASH!!!! I hate it when restaurants make you pay cash, but it does keep the operating cost down for small business owners. On the bright side there is an ATM in the store so don't worry if you forget to bring cash. Let's get down to the star of the show; the MEAT! I had the Brisket and the Jalapeno Sausage both were served in meat paper not plates. The flavors were fully developed and easy to chew. For sides I had the Potato Salad which was standard and the Mac & Cheese which was nice and cheesy. It is a bit expensive but what good BBQ isn't. This place sells the items ala carte with the exception of the daily special. I will be back for more! Oh yeah, the BBQ sauce was served on the side and was a nice touch to all of the food
4	Damn this place is damn good. Damn. Damn damn. Walked in, was greeted by who I presume was the proprietor explaining how things are done: deli-style, by the pound, ala carte. Had a meal deal for $9 for, I think, 1/3 pound of pork loin, brisket, or turkey. I chose the pork loin. Tender, delicious. Two slices of white bread ("you get however much white bread you want, but you have to eat it all"), amazing mac n cheese, fantastic sweet tea... yeah, we'll be back.Obligatory gripe about cash only--in the age of 2.75% and no transaction/rental costs Square, this kinda thing chafes me a bit: it feels like a push to use the ATM which ALWAYS hurts ($5 on $20 is just absurd, when you factor in your bank and the ATM fee of $2.50) but fortunately I had cash this time around. It's just one of those things that will make the guys in the office think twice, if they don't happen to have cash with them, and I completely agree.That said, service was AMAZING, guy brought out a sample of their chopped beef as well, everyone was unfailingly polite, that sweet tea, seriously, fantastic, good sauce, good smoke, good BBQ.
5	Seriously the best BBQ I have had since moving to Phoenix from Austin 8 years ago. I've been there twice in the past two weeks and I can't get enough! Now if only someone could open a kolache shop....
5	The best, had the moist cut, can't wait to try the others
5	Unlike most of the folks who wrote real reviews down below, I'm not from TX and I've never tried TX BBQ.  I can't compare it to any place in Austin, Dallas or Lubbock.  But I have taste buds.  And they liked it.  They liked it a lot.  I love BBQ.  Sure, there's better and worse BBQ around town based on where ya go, but generally speaking if I go to a BBQ place, I'm going to enjoy myself.  But that doesn't mean I'm going to recommend the place, or come back again, and it really doesn't mean that I'm going to write a review on it.  But as I sit here wondering how I ate that whole freaking sandwich, I know that I have just had one of the best BBQ nights in a long, long time.  And once my stomach isn't full (say, tomorrow afternoon?) I'll be calling friends to plan our next trip there.  OM-frickin-G it is awesome!  As has been mentioned in other reviews they hooked us up with some samples when we said we hadn't been there before.  Sure, their brisket leaves this taste of buttery meat in your mouth (if you don't understand that, I'm sorry for you) and makes you want much much more - but why has no one mentioned the turkey?  We only got a sample of it, but DANG I could eat a lot of that!  One day when I'm trying to be "healthy" I'll get that but today was not that day.I got what I believe was called the Big ol' Boy sandwich.  When he called back for the guys to make it he said to make a BIg ol' Girl.  Nice touch dude.  So the sandwich is 1/3 pound each of BBQ chopped pork, brisket and hot links.  I am not a fan of hot links, but figured I'd give it a shot as I liked the general concept (It actually comes out as a sandwich vs. it being a make your own thing...).  I LOVED the hotlinks.  That casing had an awesome "pop" as you bit into it, had a black pepper-y hint that I loved, and was good enough that I would almost contemplate trying one solo.  And I have NEVER felt that way about a hot link before.Between our samples and our meals I got to try all 3 kinds of brisket and I don't know that I'll be able to tell you my favorite.  Like picking a favorite child.  Sure, Bobby is the juiciest, but Jimmy tastes intense and smokey...well, you know what I mean...Not sure how new this is - but they now have 2 BBQ sauces for your eating pleasure.  Normal and HOT.  Hot won't burn your lip, but definitely makes the tongue to a double take.And the service.  Clap... Clap... Clap..Clap..Clap.Clap.Clap.Clap!!!  Right on point.  By the end of the end of our introduction to the food we knew what things were made fresh that day, what things were made every other day or weekly, and which ones came from his Grandma's kitchen.  Thank you Grandma - for both the recipes and raising folks right.  Folks were just as sweet as that tea.  I was also happy to see that even though we got there around 6:20pm and they close at 7pm, there were 3 big parties and 1 to go order that came after us.  Please folks - keep these people busy!  Don't you dare let this place go out of business because I have found my new BBQ heaven.  Review done.  Tummy still full.  Texting friends to make our next trip...
5	This place has amazing meats. They let you try anything before you buy and they explain the different types of cuts of the meats. This is nice becuase I have no idea what different cuts means but I could try everything and then decide which one I liked the best. Their home made desserts are very delicous also so is the creamy corn.
4	Great BBQ!
5	Hands down the best BBQ in the greater Phoenix area. That's right. I said greater Phoenix area. Because it is better than Rudy's (which I heard is getting a location in Chandler). How could I make such a huge statement? How dare I? Because I am from Texas. I know good down home service and food and this is it. Plus my fiance is a BBQ snob (also from Texas). He takes it very seriously (it's a little funny but cute). We got the brisket and the pork ribs with sides of creamed corn and beans. So good. Top it off with Shiner and I was in heaven. Seriously, I felt like a kid again just after finishing a long trail ride (minus the Shiner, of course). We also got to taste the jalapeno sausage and it was delicious. I can't wait to go back and try every single thing on this menu. The service was the best in the city. THIS is what good service looks like, Phoenix!! Y'all don't even know!!
5	Anyone comparing this place to Joes needs to have their head examined.  BBQ in the valley Texas BBQ, Pork On a Fork, Haps, The Pits Again, Q to U BBQ, and in that order (all are very good).  Joes is cafateria food with sauce on it.  Sorry east valley folk but you don't even travel out of your neighborhood let alone to other parts of the city.  Texas BBQ stands tall.  They also just added a BBQ tater which is very good as well.
5	My girlfriend, from Texas, knows her BBQ well, and she gave this place 5 stars. I have to agree. Now I've only had "real" Texas BBQ once before, but this place was just amazing. The flavors....oh the flavors. Very clean and comfortable place. The owners are really nice, and they have college football on all the time, you have to love that. Please try....you will go back.
5	This is probably the best place to get brisket in Arizona and in line quality-wise with the best places I've had in Texas. I do a lot of BBQ and eat a lot of BBQ and these guys clearly know what they're doing. The sausages (both the regular and hot) are great, creamed corn is awesome, and pecan pie is sooooo good. It's easily worth the trip down there. Just make sure you bring cash.
3	They don't worry about making it fancy, they concentrate on making it good. My boyfriend and our 2 friends did a sampler and tried everything. It was all delicious but my favorite was the BBQ Brisket and the BBQ Chop. There sides are delicious too and the banana pudding is D-LICIOUS! =) YUMMY!The owner (or one of them) was there and was so friendly, helpful and entertaining. Don't let the area or the building scare you... this holds true to the fact that "the best food comes from mom and pop hole in the walls". The only thing I would change, is they hold back a bit on the spices in there rubs... and the BBQ sauce could be a bit better....But all in all, great place and one of the best BBQ places in Arizona.
5	Hands down the best meat I have ever had!The moist brisket is like eating heaven.  I usually over estimate a food when someone tells me it is good and it never ends up meeting my expectations.  This was built up so much that there was no way it was going to be that go, i mean it is just BBQ, right?  Wrong!  This was like eating a new food that I have never had before.  Seriously, you can not understand the tastes that you will experience until you do it yourself.  And if you think you have had it before, you have not :' ) soooo goood.
5	If you live out here in Phoenix there are a number of good BBQ places, many of which have a strongly Southern focus on BBQ pork, specifically ribs and pulled pork with the meat served already mixed with or covered in sauce. Texas BBQ, at least from my own personal experience (born in Texas and raised there till I was twelve and moved to Hawaii, which has a very different type of BBQ), is generally dry rubbed and smoked and any sauce is put on after you get your meal, at your discretion, and of course, thanks to the bountiful supply of cattle in the early years of the state there is a strong focus on beef BBQ and in addition, thanks to the many German settlers, it is also known for some great smoked sausage (in fact, if you find yourself in Corpus Christie take a drive out and go to Orange Grove, a small town, at least when I was there 20 years ago that is very German and wow, the sausage, but that is another story).Well, this place, based on the BBQ brisket (always my ultimate test of Texas BBQ) makes some great BBQ and even better, it has the bare bones approach to cost that is standard in many little Texas BBQ joints and many great food hole in the wall places in general. It's not in, to say the least, the fancy part of town, all transactions are done in cash so leave your credit card at home, and the meal is provided on an empty soda crate bottom sort of thing with a piece of butcher paper on it and then the sliced meat of your choice is on another piece of butcher paper and when they ask how many slices of bread you want, and you reply, they reach into the drawer below the cash register, rip open a loaf of sliced Wonder Bread (or the equivalent) and give you that to make the traditional folded sandwich of sliced meat and BBQ sauce on bread. You can also get a sandwich special but I'm a traditionalist, I'll make my own.In addition, I have an obsession with potato salad at BBQ places (once again, an offshoot of the German influence, I would think, on Texas BBQ cuisine and boy, the potato salad here is classic potato salad. Oh, and to drink, if you are off work, they do have Shiner Bock, in the bottle, along with a number of other beers and if you look up the Shiner brewery website, you will once again, see the strong German influence and one thing that I don't think is German, but definitely Texas, Country Music on the sound track.Now, for those looking for a luxury experience, you may need to go to Joe's BBQ, which two of my 3 dining companions said they liked better (the whole slices of Wonder Bread did not excite them, but one of the people, along with me, was sold on this place....it is VERY authentic Texas hole-in-the-wall BBQ and it does that well and if you are looking for something other than the no-frills approach to the BBQ experience, then some other place may be more to your liking.
5	(The continuing story of a yelp-loving couple seeking great locally owned joints, friendly service and a comfortable atmosphere for playing Magic the Gathering...)NOTE: Do NOT confuse the little tiny kinda scary joint on Broadway and 27th ish street with this place.  They had a BIG sign that said "Teax BBQ" so I got confused.  We almost ordered but I just felt like this was NOT the place, so we left and I found it.  SOOOO glad we did!Ok, so when I asked my husband for his rating of this place...he Stood Up and shot me a 5-Finger Salute.  *lol*  His new FAVORITE BBQ joint.  I must say, as a native Phoenician with no real experience with regional BBQs, I thought the food was top notch.  I just didn't have small kittens like my hubby...  :)We ordered...- Moist Beef Brisket (5/5 - yum!  I never knew beef could be so moist and flavorful WITHOUT any BBQ dripping over it!)- Creamed Corn (DH said it was done right like his Grandma used to do it.  First time I have EVER eaten creamed corn...and liked it.  I will actually order it next time.)- Mac & Cheese (Just good ole creamy mac & cheese.  Wanted way more...)- Banana Pudding (VERY homemade.  Big chunks of banana in a creamy yummy pudding with 2 like Nila wafers and a big dollop of whipped cream.  We split and DH thought it was delish)- Pecan Pie (pretty good as well.  Not life changing but solid)- Sweet Teas (Diabetic Warning!  This sh_t it SO sweet, *I* did NOT get a refill!  I mean, it was totally yummy...but I started to feel my system balk at the suger overload....which means my southern DH thought it was made just right :P)The white bread slices straight outta the bag struck me as hilarious but again, DH thought it was even more authentic due to it (and the country music, which he was digging.  Even I tapped a toe along).The staff was super friendly and the small shop (seats outside as well though) was very comfortable for playing MTG.  They are located in an area some might consider "Sketchy" but I bet the building (which looks new or renovated and is lovely btw) was affordable for them!  PS:  Anyone in need of a relaxer or a fade - they are connected to a salon/barber shop which was nice looking and the barber had a line so good sign!Seriously good eats.  Keep them in business.  I am NOT a big meat eater and I already know my next meal!   MTG Score: DH 3 / Me 0
5	My family and I went here on Tuesday and it was FANTASTIC! I'm use to most of my BBQ being with the sauce on, not just dry rubbed but I'm so happy I gave it a chance. My husband and I tried a little of everything. We had ribs, brisket, pork and the BBQ Chop. Everything thing we ate was great but it was all about the BBQ Cutter's Choice Brisket and the BBQ Chop! The BBQ Brisket Cutter's Choice is to die for and has the perfect balance of a little fat for flavor and overall it's just tender and delicious. The BBQ Chop is also amazing and makes the best sandwich ever. The staff was very helpful, friendly and knowledgeable and also offered samples over just about everything. We will DEFINITELY be heading over there again sometime soon!
5	two words... " Rediculous son !! " ... finally a real BBQ spot thats warm and welcoming like back home.  I travel a lot and being from TX this is rare to find. They smoke their meats with a home made rub and its damn good.  To top it off, every one that works there is so helpful and energetic as hell.  I work in the west valley and we need these over here for real.  Great find and a must try, thanks gang JB
4	Just like a handful of other fellow Yelpers on here, I am a big Rudy's fan ever since I ate at the original Rudy's location in Texas. I love their moist brisket and cream corn which is like crack. Living in Phoenix for the last 1.5 years, Texas BBQ House is the only closest thing that I have in Arizona that comes close to Rudy's, and I would say that Texas BBQ House is best local BBQ restaurant in Phoenix.Like Joshua, I prefer the spicier sauce from Rudy's, but I think the meat and the sides are all really good! I saw today that they are opening a huge new location in Scottsdale. I think Texas BBQ House will do awesome there and Rudy's will find themselves a worthy competition here in Arizona.
4	So after visiting Rudy's today, I was able to do a much closer comparison. Texas BBQ House definitely has better moist brisket than Rudy's!
5	As I said in my "quick tip" this place is AMAZING!!! Dell, Vanessa, and the quiet guy in the back were so nice, friendly and accommodating. We arrived minutes before closing and the treated us as if it were 2:00 in the afternoon. I have never had BBQ that tasted so DELICIOUS!! How about Texas BBQ House - San Francisco...then I won't have to travel so far.
1	I'm not sure where all these good reviews are coming for this place, but I have had way better BBQ than this and the 8 other people with me agreed, we aint goin back. ( with a southern draw of course)   I was very excited to see a BBQ joint in Old town Scottsdale since I am a avid BBQ fan.  I also do a lot of my own meat smoking and love the smells and flavors so I do have some background in it   I was terribly disappointed in this place.  I ordered the 1/2 lb. BBq plate w/ coleslaw and sweet tea   First off, I don't mind the "pay by pound" idea in a BBQ joint but I don't like it when BBQ comes drenched in BBQ sauce, and when I mean drenched it was soaked in sauce. I like to put the sauce on myself.  Which leads me to something else I didn't like about this place, the BBQ sauce itself.  WAY to sweet.  To me when  a sauce is to sweet your covering up to much of the meat flavor.  I can put there sauce on a Mc Rib and will taste the same. :) not to knock the famous Mc Rib.There spicy sauce was actually better but since my meat already came slathered in sweet sauce I couldn't use it.   The potato salad and coleslaw seemed mast produced, in other words they bought it from a supplier, I don't know if this is true but the 8 other people I sat with last sunday all said the same thing.  With my 1/2 lb plate came white  "FRY"s" sandwich bread, no joke.   If you wanted to get an actual bun for BBQ sandwiches it was $.99 extra. Again I'm not sure where these good reviews are coming from but if I were you I would stay away and try another BBQ joint, I'm not going to give any suggestions because then people would think I'm an owner of that "other"  joint, I'm just going to suggest that there are way better place then here.   Did I mention the Sweet tea was good?
3	I found the meat, although tender, lacked seasoning.  It was very smokey, which I like, but a little more seasoning will push it to more stars.It is a bit pricey as they charge by the pound.
3	I've had better but this one was good, better than I've found so far in Phoenix. But it was a bit pricey for me and inconvenient that they only accept cash.
5	This was our first time at Texas BBQ House. They gave us a sample and help us with our order. The brisket was fantastic. I got the moist and my wife got the lean. We both enjoyed our choices immensely. I will definitely go back. I wanted some spicy BBQ sauce and apparently they have it but I didn't see it.
5	Amazing BBQ went for the first time today and can't wait to go back!! Briscuit was like prime rib it was that falling apart good! Macaroni and Cheese was yummy and the sweet tea was perfect! Small place but amazing food
5	Dropped by again this past saturday and again was VERY satisfied! They also serve a pulled pork now and it is to die for!
3	This is not the worst or best BBQ place I have been to, so I'm rating this place a middle of the road ranking of 3 stars. I had the special with one side and a drink for about $10 which consisted of the sliced brisket and beans. I'm debating whether or not to copy and paste Daren C.'s review from 10/20/11 underneath this paragraph because I pretty much had the same experience and opinion that he had.The serving of this meal in a carton was a real turn off to me. Basically requiring the customer to take the butcher paper out and spread it out on a table and then take all of the items out of the carton and transfer stuff to the butcher paper. Then get up and dispose of the bulky carton. In short, too much paperwork to do for a guy out on his lunch break.The brisket was uninspiring and the beans were awful.
4	There is nothing fancy in this place.  Very simple presentation of very good food.  I ordered the brisket and pork loin, and both were quite good.  I purposely got a pound of food so I could take some home as leftovers.  Friendly, helpful staff.  The mac and cheese was homemade and tasty as well.  The neighborhood isn't the greatest, but that's OK.
5	With out a doubt the most tender, moist and tasty brisket I have had since I left Houston. They offered samples of the meat before we ordered and to me that is pride in your product!
5	Having lived in Texas for a decade, Texas BBQ House is as close to Texas BBQ that we have found in Arizona. Not a fancy place, however, you go there for the BBQ.  Texas BBQ House will not disappoint.
4	Note: CASH ONLY ... ok now that we got that out of the way ... Fabulous BBQ with amazing service. Great flavor - they'll let you sample a bit before you order just so you know what you're getting. Great quality meats with amazing flavor. Real Texas BBQ. We'll definitely be back. Take out or dine in ... just remember CASH ONLY!
4	Fans of good Texas-style BBQ (sauceless meat fests where your only true side dish is white bread, onions and jalapenos served up on butcher paper) will find delight here.  There is BBQ sauce, but it's an afterthought.  You can get sides of meaty pintos, creamy cole slaw, gooey mac and cheese and damn near sinful creamed corn.  But honestly, all of the above compete with the space you're gonna want to reserve for the meat.  As far as I am concerned, the two offerings that I have dreams about are the fatty brisket (fall apart goodness that's juicy as hell) and the jalapeno sausage.  I slip into an amnesiac's haze when I eat them, devouring all in front of me and awakening once they are all gone.  Smoked turkey is surprisingly moist and full of flavor, and the pork loin is light and delicious.  The only miss on the menu for me is the chop beef - a near mash of meat and sauce that just doesn't do the trick.Get a big ol' sweet tea before you leave, and order more than you think you'll eat, because you will definitely want it.  No fuss, no muss, just carnivore heaven.PS. A lot of people have reviews here and they are for the Scottsdale location and not this place.  This one is in the middle of nowhere in Central Phoenix - it looks kind of like a roadhouse, which lends to the appeal.
5	They have the same setup as Rudy's, where you order your meats at counter and get white bread, onion and pickles to make your own sandwich. Sampled the moist brisket here and it was good, but had fat on it as expected. The real gem was the lean brisket, which was totally stripped of fat, but still well cooked and even crumbly to the touch. Those were great to dip into the spicy BBQ sauce which had a definite kick. I used most of the regular BBQ sauce (still tasty) to use on my carved turkey sandwich. They use an entirely different set of spices on their turkey as compared to Rudy's, but it also is way tastier and of the same quality. It seems like it's yellow version of seasonings thats left after it gets cut, kinda like moroccan spices perhaps. These were some really great meats - 1/2 pound turkey was about 7 bucks only, but I couldn't save any because it was so damn good. Also tried the crunchy (KFC style) cole slaw and that was cold and fresh, but just standard. Also sampled the Texas Cream corn, always a favorite, but it needed more cream cheese to compete with the Rudy's version. Still good though, not the best, but brisket and turkey were right up their with the best Texas style around.
5	Just went back yesterday and the meats were spot-on perfect again. The update is for the mac and cheese which is made the way it should be and the way it is in the south - sticky. No creamy sauce or watery mac or breadcrumbs needed. THe pasta sticks together with the cheese in a perfect marriage of this classic dish. Brisket, turkey, mac and they even have the NFL network here if your looking for Thursday night games.
5	Grew up in San Antonio and Austin. Have traveled extensively and sampled BBQ all over the country. The term Texas-style means beef, first. Period. And good smoke, and that ain't mesquite. Oak is king. These guys have changed the face of Phoenician BBQ forever. It's a shame that the Scottsdale location was touched by ... well, Scottsdale. Friggin morons. If you have not been here, you need to go down to 24th and E. Roeser and try it. Hands down the best Q in the area, including Cave Creek. The guys are FROM Texas and they know the whats, wheres and hows of Bar-B-Que. And for those "the meal in a carton on butcher paper" snobs who think that such is declasse, please, do me a favor... Head on down to Austin or, better yet, Lockhart. Stand at the front of the line at Stubbs or Black's or Kruez Market and loudly proclaim your thoughts as a BBQ aficionado. Just let me know when you are heading down so I can hang out and watch the ensuing festivities. Freud said it best: BBQ and being horrifically anally-retentive is ALL about your unfulfilled dreams of your Auntie Ma. Or, shut up and grow up ya infantile gomers...
4	Food- I had the "cutter's choice cut" of 1/2lb of beef brisket, very nice smoke ring, good fall apart meat, bbq sauce there are two types, spicy and original both have a good sweet, bold taste. I also had full jalapeno link, not hat spicy, but certain yummy. The sides I had were cream corn and mac n cheese.  Cream corn was great had a little hint of sugar in it made it a little sweet tasting. The mac n cheese was nothing to brag about, the temp of mac n cheese was warm could be hotter. Service- The employees are very polite and will let you taste any product if you are not certain between fall off the bone chicken or nice smoked beef brisket. Environment- Felt like I was back in a Southern BBQ stop, small, cozy and loved the paper wrap as my plates (keeping it real, bravo)**My only complaint is this, I have been back a few times and each time they are out of something. Last time it was the sausage links and they couldn't serve beer. Then I went back a month later and still out of sausage and no beer. Then I just went back on 10/15/2012 and they were out of Beef Brisket and Ribs. Come on! That is how you lose business by not keeping your product in stock. I had to go to Rudy's for beef brisket and I did not enough it.***I will call before I go in again to see what products they are out off.
5	*A desert landscape at midnight. A few men gather around a campfire seeking its warmth and the rare company of a passing stranger. One man, equally ravaged by the sands of time and the desolate landscape began to speak with just the smallest glimmer of contentment in his voice.*I had heard for years the ever-so-tantalizing cry of "melt-in-your-mouth brisket" sung to me by oh so many men who had come before....men far more accomplished than I. I remember them telling me as a young boy, "Son, some day you will find your brisket." I stared up at them with a gleam in my eyes. An innocent and naive sense of hopefulness filled me to the brink and then poured over the edges of my soul as I thought to myself, "Yes! I will find my brisket."Many years have come and gone since that time. The months like an ever strengthening gale storm pushing me further and further from my deepest, darkest desire: to find my lost brisket. Lo, the days were long; the minutes past like decades. Soon my cynicism began to take the best of me. A crusade of the mind against the heart ensued as brisket after brisket entered my gullet and filled my disposition with neglect. Some were flavorful, sure. But none would fulfill the promise my elders had made to me as a young boy.None, that was, until I found the Texas BBQ House of south central Phoenix. I knew the moment I walked through their doors that I was in for something special, but just what, I could not have told you. I watched a man behind the counter wield his blade flawlessly as a woman kindly prepared a basket with bread and cheesy macaroni. She had potato salad and and sausage and all sorts of other wondrous items. And then the brisket was placed before me. I could see the tenderness of the meat as its juices glistened in the daylight. I saw burnt ends that I could swear were calling for me by name. I thought, "Could it be? Have all my dreams come true?!" My heart went aflutter with the still unfulfilled promise of my forefathers.Finally, the moment had arrived. I prepared a slice of bread with a few slivers of meat, and a helping of barbeque sauce. I slowly bit down as my eyes closed, hoping and preying that the day had finally come. It was like I had died and gone to heaven. I saw Jim Morrison. I went towards the light. Only...when I walked through it, there I was. Sitting at my table, across from my father, with some brisket in a slice of bread that now had a single bite taken from it. I was happy. Down to my core, I was filled with contentment. And I realized at that moment, that I hadn't been searching for that "melt-in-your-mouth" brisket all along...I had been searching for myself. And now, I had found it. I had found...me.*hold for applause*This is the Q I have been waiting for!!!! Awesome brisket, both the lean and juicy are fantastic. The sausage was the next big winner, followed by the potato salad and then the mac, but actually everything was fantastic. The hot bbq sauce has quite a kick to it, but its a whole-mouth warmth kind of thing so its quite pleasant. Without a doubt the best bbq I've had to date, and I will be back.
4	The brisket is wonderful, super tasty bark, nice smoke ring.  We got the cutters choice which is in between the juicy yet fattier cut and the lean cut, a good all round compromise.  Wasn't a big fan of the sauces, not bad but nothing spectacular but the brisket is so good you really dont need any.The mac&cheese is good, as is the cole slaw, wasn't a fan of the cream corn, just too sweet for me. I wish they had some greens to choose from.
5	I was so blown away! the service was amazing and I loved it!
5	Holy crap is this place good!
5	went in today 2/12/13 had ordered mac n cheese, cutters choice brisket, pulled pork, and pork spare ribs. First and for most I went in around 1050-11am and didn't eat until just after 1130 since I was waiting for my wife to go on her lunch break (shes a teacher in the area).mac n cheese: warm and filling with a great flavor not to much of anything though i could have used a little more pepper in mine that is a personal preference.Cutters choice: With a nice thick smoke ring and a nice flavor profile the cut melted in my mouth. my wife and I made it into sandwiches and with a small amount of there spicy BBQ sauce I devoured this great meat.pork spare ribs: now let me start off by saying that Ribs are my personal choice in choosing a meat to smoke and i like mine sweet. But I had to keep in my mind open. The meat had no pull which is something to look for in a good rib. The ribs had a good flavor with the major flavor in mine seemed to be pepper but man let me tell you that these were on point. If you understand Texas BBQ you know that it rarely comes with a BBQ sauce which was the case her and honestly it didn't need it though some may say it did. At this point in our meal I was full and was unable to get and of the pulled pork but my wife said she enjoyed it with just a little of the original BBQ sauce. I highly recommend this place i know i will be back as long as they maintain the Q.David Pepiton31bravoAZ BBQ memberPS i will update my review when i have some more of the different cuts of meat.
5	As good as it gets!       In Phoenix.Can't say it equals Lockhart, Llano, or Luling Texas BBQ but they do an admirable job of trying, down to the butcher paper & white bread (It's for sopping up sauce. Who cares about its flavor?). I can't equal the spot-on poetry of Gabriel W, but I like his style. I'm a Texas transplant after 65 yrs and have been looking for great BBQ for a while. Found it, thanks to Yelp.We tried the bean & corn dishes. Pretty damned good keepers.  But their Brisket BBQ is the thing. Try the medium or Fatty BBQ for moistness. You don't need the sauces to enjoy this, however their sauces are very good and only compliment it. We're having very picky Texas guests in come May. Texas BBQ will be the first place we show them and we ain't skeered of the outcome!I agree that the folks working there are very knowledgeable, nice, & cool. Hope they stay a long while.
4	Just enjoyed some of their brisket at the BBQ and beer fest. They were the best out of everyone.
5	This place was soooo good! Do not let the outside fool you...it is not what you would expect on the outside but the inside is just what you would expect a BBQ place to look like. Today was our first time trying it and the girl at the counter was very nice and offered us samples of the brisket. The meat was so good and tender. I am so happy we found this place down here in this area!.
5	I love this place! Great staff, awesome BBQ! Born and raised in Memphis, I am definitely picky about where I eat BBQ, but I will have to say this place is top notch and has opened my eyes to Texas-style. Favorite meal: Moist brisket with side of creamed corn
5	First time here. I'm very impressed. Food is delicious.
4	This joint is for real.  Food is hard to find on the way to Phoenix from LA, but once you get there, this place will NOT disappoint! So save your appetite!  I warn you, the butcher is super hot.  He'll let you try meat if you ask nicely, but I just tell them to make it nice with a few options to share with friends.  nothing is bad here.  wax paper is your plate and the sauce is so good I bought TWO bottles to bring home.  i'm gonna say it...their sauce might rival Ohio's Montgomery Inn's which is ALSO in my fridge!
5	This is the best bbq in phoenix! omg. I am a fan of any place that serves meat by the lb and uses a beverage crate as a plate. I ordered the pork spare ribs (I asked for a full pound and didn't need it), the rub was spicy and the meat was moist and just about fell off the bone. We also had the mac and cheese, homemade and perfect. My husband ordered the Texas Po Boy sandwich, a full pound of meat. Smoked sausage, brisket and pulled pork it was so flavorful. He also ordered the green beans, I didn't try them but he said they were very tasty. The staff was very friendly. The chef (maybe owner) gave us a sample of brisket. We got there before 7 (closing time) but no one rushed us and the waitress even stood and chatted with us for a bit. When we are on this side of the valley again we will definitely be eating there again!
2	We bought a "living social" coupon thing for this place.  We're always up for trying new BBQ!  We got the brisket with the coupon, plus got some sausage links and pulled pork.  Plus the sweet tea.The tea was very good (though my wife thought it was too sweet...it was just the way I like it).  The brisket, while it had a nice smoke ring, had very little smokey flavor.  And basically no seasoning.  The sausage link was "just a sausage".  No smokiness, nothing special.  The pulled pork was drowned in sauce, so I can't say if it was smokey or not.  The flavor of the pork was OK.  Not great.  Just OK.Two stars is "I've experienced better".  And I have.  Dave's BBQ is better.  Rudy's is much better.  And Joe's is vastly better.  Texas BBQ House is not bad, but it's not particularly good either.  I've certainly had worse BBQ, but there is much better available.  So why go here (unless it's just that it's convenient to where you are)?
3	Not bad.I tried this place out a little while back as I had passed it many times and finally decided to check the reviews on the place.  I was surprised to find such high reviews this place so I figured what the heck?I love BBQ and can't get enough of a good brisket.  So we decided to try the brisket here.  The guy told us that they only have so much per day and it is best to come in earlier to ensure that we get some.  We decided to try the moist and the cutter's choice and a couple variations of sauce, original and spicy.  Overall, it wasn't bad.  The moist brisket definitely lives up to the name and the cutter's choice had a pretty good texture to it.  The spicy sauce had more spice than flavor though.  I would recommend the cutter's choice and the original sauce personally.  It isn't as good as some of the BBQ I have had in New Orleans but it is decent for something closer to home if the hankering arises.  If you haven't tried it yet, I think you will enjoy it.
4	Good environment, brisket is phenomenal. If you are hungry try the Texas Po-boy, pulled pork, brisket and smoked sausage on a bun. The mac & cheese used to be delicious...cheesy with flavor, seems the last couple of times it was lukewarm and the cheese was gritty. Other than that, great place. Staff is nice.
5	The BBQ at this place is insanely good!!! The first order I ever had was the moist brisket and experienced a tiny bit of heaven. I've never really had genuine before Texas BBQ but if this is it I'm completely sold. All that aside it's at a great location and the food is high quality. They do not give you plates so be prepared to eat with your hands. I've been here several times after my initial visit and have sampled many of different meats that they offer. I've been impressed everytime and highly recommend Texas BBQ to anyone looking for great tasting meal especially barbeque
5	this bbq was super awesome. very good. i had the Cutters Choice Brisket,it was excellent, very moist very tasty. also i had the smoked sausage; it was ok not something i will order again. and i ordered the pinto beans as a side; they were probably one of the best beans I have ever tasted. it was my first time and probably not the last. pretty close to work so definately a lunch option. but.....this is not your avg. $5 lunch everyone looks for, so beware you will spend at least $8 maybe more. You could only order by 1/2 lbs. so budget to go over that and dont rely on the the flat 1/2 lbs price.
5	They should change the name of this place to just "BBQ House."  The Texas part is unfair to them as the BBQ in the state of Texas cannot stand up to this place.  I say this as I meander through Texas tasting any smoked flesh I can get my hands on.  The brisket at the Texas BBQ House is the best I've ever had...hands down.  I've eaten enough in my time to fill an airplane hanger so I think I'm qualified on the subject.  If you fed this to a vegan, they'd leave the restaurant and go on a long spree of violence once they realized what they were missing in life.  It's that good.  Here's the thing though, average BBQ still tastes pretty good and most of your life you'll eat average BBQ.  Once in awhile you'll get a perfectly cooked brisket or pork shoulder or rack of ribs that blows your mind.  That's this place every single time.  I'm not kidding when I say I'd take a half-pound of their moist brisket over a surf and turf from any high end steakhouse if given the choice.  They only cook a given amount a day so make sure to get there early or call ahead to make sure they have what you want.  When a place sells out of food daily...that's a good sign.  They don't compromise their product by squeezing a few more briskets in the smoker.  They have a formula for delicious food and they stick to it.  Some would say the location and shack-like appearence are a downside.  It's out of the way for sure but I find that to be a good thing.  If this place were near my home I'd weigh 400 lbs easily.  If you come here and don't like the food, you just don't like BBQ.  You might like BBQ sauce but you don't like BBQ.  And if you don't like BBQ, I weep for your misfortune.
5	I've been here several times and have always left happily satisfied.  On this particular visit my friend and I had an amazon deal where we got a pound of brisket and two drinks.  We also ordered Texas cream corn, coleslaw and mac n cheese to share.  We got the small portions for all of them and the size was just enough to try everything and be satisfied.  Brisket was amazing without the sauce, but even better with it.  Super tender.  Coleslaw and cream corn were great and I'll definitely have those again.  I absolutely LOVE the cream corn.  I could have a big ol' container of just that.  The mac n cheese was good.  Not great, but good.  The sweet tea was AWESOME.  They should bottle that up and sell it.  The staff was extremely friendly, knowledgeable and offered suggestions.  I loved the little boys that were working and hanging out.  From the look of things it seemed like their dad owns or runs the place.  One of them was so sweet and polite.  We would ask for things and he would say, "yes mam, no mam, thank you mam".  He even asked how everything was.  I'd go back just to hang out with him.  The only thing I noticed different from when I visited over a year ago was that they no longer sell beer and while I'd like a Shiner to add to my Texas bbq experience, the food and the staff are enough to make me come back.
4	It's not bad, definitely better than Rudy's, but not in the same league as Little Miss BBQ.Though the dining room is much bigger than LMBBQ, their is less outside seating.However decent selection of meats and sides, no beer or wine.Not the greatest but very good for Arizona.
4	I have been coming here since this placed opened. service was great at first, but now that they are getting really busy, you got to wait in line for awhile to get your food at busy times, service is ok. so expect to wait in line if it's busy. food is still great though, so i try and go when it's not busy at all, don't go at noon:)
5	Wow I was so impressed. My first time here was Friday for lunch. The brisket was the best I ever had. The portion size and quality for the price was the best part. Don't let the outside deter you from walking in. Staff is friendly and the food is outstanding.
5	Finally got a chance to try this place after it being open for months and being just down the street. The people are actually from Texas! And have really good barbeque. Some of the meat seems a little high but totally worth it.  Just means I wont be able to eat here as often as probably would like.  The sauce is on the sweeter side, then has a kick...and the pecan pie is homemade and isn't a true southern recipe but is really good too.If you are in the mood for great barbeque, try this place. Better than Rush's!
5	First time here and was happily surprised. The brisket was mouthwatering and the coleslaw was perfect too. Definitely get the banana pudding to finish off! Can't wait to come back next time I'm on the side of town.
1	Way overpriced. Paid $9 for 1/2lb ribs, no drink or sides included.
5	Great BBQ. I had given up on finding great BBQ in Phoenix. There is some good stuff out there but not like this. This BBQ is Texas style all the way and few places outside of Texas can duplicate. The moist brisket is amazing and I like their sides and desserts as well. The owners are always there and give that family feel to the place. I recommend this place to everyone I run across. ***Disclaimer, this is not the kind of place that will make your sandwich for you and drench food with BBQ sauce. You get the food by the weight and make it your self. Its Texas style, all about the meat! Get Bread if you want and add sauce if you want. Enjoy!
5	This place is just plain FANTASTIC!!! We were just driving by and I told my wife we should try it out since we haven't had good BBQ in a while. Unfortunately we came around 3pm and they told us that their brisket was all sold out for the day but they still had other great meats available. So we tried the sausage links, ribs & pulled pork with potato salad and the mac & cheese.(and sweet teas of course) The food was so good we came back the next morning to get the brisket and we could see why it sells out because it was delicious! Perfect blend of smokey, moist and full of flavor!! The staff is SUPER friendly and make you feel very welcome. We will definitely be back again and again and again.......
5	Awesome brisket!! The sauce is amazing too!  Sadly this place is on my drive home. I have to force myself not to stop.
5	This is the best!  Their beef brisket is excellent along with every thing else. Also love the creamed corn.
5	The best BBQ ever. I always get the moist brisket and Mac n cheese. The sauce is delicious and if you want dessert I suggest the banana pudding.
5	We got to this place late, so we had to chose from a short list of what they had left. I had some of their spare ribs and the smoked sausage. Both were really good. My wife had the pulled pork sliders. They were also really good. The cream corn was excellent . Next time, I will,get there earlier, because I really want to try the brisket. I would definitely recommend this place.
5	This is the place to go for BBQ if your flying in/out or have a layover in Phenoix.  Hands down some of the best brisket I've had in a long time.  So close to the airport that with a long layover it would be easy to step out for a bit and grab a bite.  You can order in pounds if you like but they always have daily specials for a quick meal.  The BBQ sauce rivals that I've had before in Nashville. A must stop if your in town.
5	Amazing brisket and Mac n Cheese!! The spicy BBQ sauce is killer!
4	4 stars on the brisket, not so much on the pork, and not on the bread pudding, but Texas = Beef, so OK.
1	They do not deliver unless it is catering.
4	great food, loved the mac & cheese and the ribs..
5	I love to have BBQ in different states when I'm traveling and ran across this place through yelp. The outside appearance is what I would expect for a fantastic BBQ joint... nothing fancy as I pulled into the parking lot.I walked in to be greeted by a friendly pit master, awesome waitress, a couple of friendly locals and a great Texas menu.Three meat poor boy on the special board, but a free taste of the moist brisket sealed the deal. Juicy with a nice subtle rub flavor with some mild smoke. I settled on the 1/2lb of Brisket, 1/2 Rack of St. Louis Ribs, Cole Slaw, sweet tea and Texas Dirt Pudding.The brisket was awesome, juicy and tender with a hint of seasoning. The Ribs were the best St Louis ribs I have had yet. The coleslaw was so fresh and had the perfect flavor and sweetness, as good as it gets and I can only think of one other place in Georgia that came close.I tired the house BBQ sauce (i'll try the spicy next time) and absolutely loved it. The sweet tea was great and three huge glasses.I asked myself if I should get up and order more??? but the dirt pudding looked like the end of me and hoped that after a excellent meal it would not disappoint. We'll that was almost better than the rest of the meal if the BBQ wasn't so good and in most places it would have been.Thanks to the friendly owner this place is on my A list when In Phoenix from now on!
4	- The moist brisket was full of smoky flavor and had the perfect amount of fat.- The pulled pork was a little bland and had too much sauce.- The sausage links were perfect. Just a hint of smoke and still crisp and juicy.- The green beans were delicious.  The potato salad was above average. The mac n cheese was ok.- The mud pudding was pretty good, but describing it as a blizzard with pudding instead if ice cream made me want to go to DQ.- Prices are a little high for BBQ in AZ, but on par with what I've experienced in TX.- Very friendly staff.My family and I will definitely be back.  It's our sole good BBQ option in AZ now.
5	Great meat and perfect country feel at this place. Best pulled pork I've had in years! Definitely the place to go for some real BBQ
5	After landing from a long flight, my husband and I wanted something casual, quick and delicious. ..this was it!! Found it through yelp and so glad we did. It's family owned and they were super friendly.  We had brisket, creamed corn and mac'n'cheese. Highly recommended!
5	Best BBQ I've ever had.......I was asked to pick up food here for a work colleague , and 24 hours later have already been back.  I have my own smoker, and am a very good cook, but I, nor any other place I've ever been to, comes close to this.  The brisket fell apart when I picked it .  No knife required,or sauce IMHO.  The cole slaw was some of the best I've had as well.  Took some home to  my family and there was a fight over it.  This is by far, the best BBQ in AZ.
5	Amazeballs!!!!This is not just some of the best barbecue in Arizona this is some of the best barbecue in the country. These people know what's up. Moist brisket and the spareribs will blow your mind. Not to mention the fact that they carry beef ribs! That's amazingThe place is def a dump however and seating is fairly limited. They need one of these on the East Side!DOWNSIDE: CRAZY EXPENSIVE considering they are in a bad neighborhood and their rent is probably nothing. They are def proud of their BBQ to charge what they do for it.
5	Hot damn this BBQ is no joke. Don't let the area turn you away, it's 100% worth the drive. The moist brisket is absolutely incredible and not to be missed. My last visit I ordered the Po Boy sandwich and it was outstanding. A third pound each of sausage, pulled pork, and cutters choice brisket, all for only $10 and unbelievably delicious.Staff is awesome and for what you're getting it's worth the price. Definitely making Texas BBQ House a weekly tradition.
5	Whoa!  Sample what you want, over order, enjoy it and then deal with the guilt.  Great bbq!
5	Have been driving past this place almost everyday since moving here four months ago.  Stopped by tonight to give it a try.... Yum!  If you've ever had good Texas Barbecue, and have been missing it, this place more than satisfies... Wow!
5	One of the best BBQ joints in Arizona! The beef briskett can be ordered three ways (Lean, Regular, or Cutter's Choice) Sides are great and find the hot BBQ Sauce in the red bottles. Order by the pound to feed the whole family and enjoy all the local sports figure autographed photo's that adorn the walls. Fresh cut red onions, peppers and pickles await your indulgence as you carry your prized meal to the outdoor dining facing South Mountain. Owner is usally there helping ensure quality is constant. They support many local charities as well and are a great asset to the community. Togo and catering available to really impress the guests.
5	Best BBQ place in town, hands down. I don't travel anywhere else but here now. The guys in the back are great and friendly and the food is excellent. The different cuts help with my mood, want lean you can get it, want moist you can get it, want extra fat you can get it. Service is quick and you are in and out with excellent food!
4	Brisket is how they do it, son!
5	Call me Frank Underwood because I just found my version of Freddie's BBQ Joint (for all of you who watch House Of Cards).   I came here on a whim after seeing the reviews for this place and boy were they correct. This place is what BBQ is supposed to be. The meat is flavorful and moist. You can taste the smokiness and the flavor from the love they put into their meat. The way they serve the food is also pretty cool! The sides are spectacular and the sauce is flavorful. The staff here is also very helpful and you can tell they take pride in their food. The actual place is non description and is exactly how a BBQ joint should be. I loved this place so much I got two servings! Well worth it! If you want BBQ this place will not disappoint. :)
3	I love TX BBQ and always go out of my way to find it. This was my second visit here. The first was with my wife and friends. Nice little restaurant that reminds me of what we would get along the train tracks in the poorer areas of TX.Menu has your basic items that you would expect at a BBQ joint. The meats are all served by the pound and you can get as much or as little as you want. They also have several side dishes that go great with the Q. The Texas Cream Corn was a treat.Normally get the Brisket and some Jalapeno Sausage. They have a small area off to the side with onions, pickles, jalapenos and some hot sauces. There are two different house sauces that they make and serve. One is mild and the other hotter.Food is pretty good but not super great. My Brisket and Sausage seemed to be at room temperature and not very warm. The Sausage was dry and could of had more fat in it. The white bread was not very fresh and tasted like it had been sitting out too long.Be careful where you sit down. I tried one of the red booths and about killed myself. Apparently the springs are shot and you end up lower than your body was expecting. Play it safe and go with the chair.Definitely better than a lot of the sweeter styles that are offered around town. Give them a try and see what you think. Located south of the river in an area of town that could use some urban renewal. SMOKIN A-OK!3.25 STARS
4	Friendly owner. Great food. Kinda pricey but worth it. I wish they were open longer and didn't close early when the run out of meat.
5	The pork and beef ribs are tender and smoked to perfection. The pulled pork sliders were very tasty. The brisket we sampled was wonderful. Don' t leave without the creamed corn, it is over the top good. Mac and cheese is very good. Best BBQ restaurant we have been to in many years.This was our first time here and we will be back. Watch out after 6 PM they can run out of several items because everything is fixed fresh daily. Closed Sunday and Monday.
5	Found this place on Yelp and decided to try take out for my husband's birthday celebration we were hosting. Having noticed on previous reviews that they sometimes run out of brisket, I called at 10am when they opened to put in my order of moist brisket. Very glad I did because another man arrived at 4:30pm as I was picking up our brisket and was told they had run out fairly early that day. Poor old man had driven 30 minutes just to have the brisket and the rest of us had already vultured the stock. I felt bad, but not bad enough to share. The moist brisket was AMAZING. Like jaw dropping amazing. We never thought we'd have anything that rivaled Franklin's BBQ in Austin, Texas but this place might just do it. They were sold out of Jalapeno Sausage too, which other reviews suggested was good. I can't speak to that, but the creamed corn and macaroni were good. The creamed corn was somewhat unique so I'd probably go with that over the mac n cheese, but really you should skip sides altogether and just order more brisket. I might try one of the leaner cuts one day, but I also might not because the moist brisket totally knocked my socks off. Yum.As for the old man, I think he ordered some pulled pork instead and seemed pretty happy with how that tasted as well so all is not lost if you show up late to the party.
5	I don't ever write reviews but sometimes a place is so great you just have to. Been all over Texas having BBQ. To me Texas is the only place to get real BBQ. Texas BBQ House is the bomb. Real deal awesome Texas BBQ. Brisket was AMAZING!!!! Anybody who want the deal go here.
5	I went here on a week night.  Not too many in the place when I got there, but by the time I left, it was getting crowded.  It was my first time there and the owner gave me a sample of the brisket.  I ended up ordering the brisket, a jalepeno sausage, pinto beans, and coleslaw.  I checked in on Yelp and saved $3.  In the end my bill for these 4 items and a drink came to $16.  How can you beat that? I had more food than I could eat, probably enough for 2 people and it cost less than 20 bucks.The food was very good. The brisket was perfect.  The slaw and beans were excellent and flavorful.  The jalepeno sausage was nice and hot.I will definitely be back!
5	Amazing!!! Great BBQ, great service and soda in a nice coke bottle was a beautiful touch. I highly recommend this place.
1	This is a joke right? What idiotic restaurant owner is CLOSED at 6pm on a beautiful Saturday evening? Just drove by... 6:12pm and the place is boarded up. Next.
5	Needed a place for lunch the first time I was in the area.. Went there for lunch and dinner both days and now I'm back and made this account just for this place.. Best pulled pork ever and the employees are very nice. Will be going here all 3 days I'm here.
4	Been going here for years and i think it's the best bbq in town.  The location is a sketch but worth going. The brisket is alwaysjust rright and the turkey is awesome.
5	If you like BBQ then visiting this place will be a religious experience. Ribs, smoked turkey, links, chicken, are the best in Phoenix. The brisket is the best I've ever had anywhere. If you like BBQ then get there now!
5	I was told this was the best place in Phoenix for BBQ by a friend and they were not lying! I came in for lunch today (4/24/2014) and had the Texas Po'Boy sandwich and potato salad on the side. The sausage, brisket, and I believe pork loin in the Po'Boy were tender and excellently prepared. If you come in hungry, the Po'Boy is definitely more than enough to satisfy that hunger as it is BIG. This is a true BBQ house and a definite 5 star place!
5	Omg this is the best kept secret in Phoenix . The Texas Po'boy is unreal sausage pork tenderloin and pulled pork is a must try. The Ribs are phenomenal  tender moist and meaty. Please try this place I promise you will not be sorry!!!!
5	Simply put, I have not had a better brisket ever.  I'm a frequent visitor of PHX for work and have had the opportunity to try many places. Many may be put off by its location, which seems away from the city proper, but I know from experience that there are some great finds on roads less travelled. Found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a try.  I told them I was new and asked them what were their best sellers.  Mike, who I later found out was the owner, cut me a not-so-shy slice of moist brisket.  The flavor blew me away.  From that initial experience, this has been a regular meal spot when I travel to PHX.In many places that do dry-rub bbq, there isn't a heavy emphasis on sauce.  At texas bbq house, they once again stand out with a great regular and spicy sauce that adds to an already amazingly seasoned cut.  You don't need the sauce, but its good to know you have a good one on stand-by.Im also perplexed on the other reviews regarding customer service.  They have always been friendly with me at lunch or dinner. This past visit I was greeted by 3 boys, the owners sons, who ensured visitors were taken care of and tables were cleaned for the next guests. A true mom and pop location that deserves praise!   Thanks Mike and team!  See you next time!
5	I'm picky about my BBQ. I really am and I rarely like eating it out. But this place is amazing. Brisket...incredible. Sides are amazing, the sweet tea is spot on. Now they have sandwich specials for lunch (with a small side). I can't stay away. Pulled pork sliders and this unreal meat mountain sandwich they call a Texas po boy. Wow.  Stopped in for a larger order to take to work and they very nicely filled it for me even though I didn't call ahead. Great people, great food!
4	Great food and service.  Don't miss out on the hidden local neighborhood gem.  All of the typical BBQ  selections.  Yummmmmmmmmmmm!
5	Came in to play some golf, started the trip off right.  Awesome ribs, brisket, poboys and sides.  We got a bunch to share so we could taste different options and I think that is the way to go.  It's all good.
4	It reminds me of the BBQ i can get in Kansas and Oklahoma. The sauce is to die for and the meat seems to always be good quality. They need some better Texas Toast though. And the sides aren't super impressive.
5	Great hidden restaurant. Great family run business!
5	Are lunch there today. Food was very good and served quickly and the owners young boys were there hustling around cleaning tables, suggesting different sauces and getting drink refills. A bit off the beaten path but worth the stop
5	I rarely review anything on yelp... but this place deserves it. I've been living in Phoenix for over two years now and have been in constant search of a great ribs place.  This is THE BEST ribs in town, in the valley, in AZ period.  I was so incredibly impressed I sat in the restuarant with a huge smile on my face. AZ is finally starting to feel like home when you find a stellar place like this.  If you are visiting and want BBQ, go here and only here. Don't waste your time or money anywhere else.I ended up have the St Louis Ribs... absolutely killer. A huge slab of ribs. Either BBQ sauce compliments them perfectly. The rub is so incredible that you don't even need the bbq sauce. Seriously so good.After the ribs I sampled the brisket and the turkey.  I felt like I was Guy Fieri on Diners Drive Ins and Dives. I couldn't give the own enough compliments on the food. I was floored at how good everything was. I also sampled the texas corn and the mac and cheese. 10/10 winners. I couldn't believe that everything I ate there was that damn good.  This place is batting 1.000. They hit it out of the park on every dish I had.  I can't say enough good things. Keep in mind this place is in the ghetto and is a bit of a dive. But in the persuit of excellent food, that should not deter you one bit. This place is a diamond in the rough.
4	Been here quite a few times. Among the Best BBQ in phoenix! I always get there poboy sandwich $12.99. It can get busy in afternoon's on weekdays. Try to get in early for easy parking. There is a living social deal , but that's not valid for daily specials or poboy sandwich. IMO deal is not worth it.
5	Stopped by for some take out after playing golf at The Legacy which is just around the corner.  First visit and was very impressed.  The service was quick and friendly.  They slice up the Q right there at the counter, weigh your portion and wrap it to go or serve it up on butcher paper.  I chose the "moist" brisket, regular sausage and St Louis style ribs.  The brisket was very tender and juicy, some of the best I have had anywhere.  The sausage was also very good.  The ribs were "fall off the bone" tender.  The guys included some of their home made BBQ sauce and it was excellent with everything.  This place is definitely not fancy and located South of the Airport, but the food was AAA+++ and I will definitely go back the next time I'm in the area.
5	We decided to head out for some BBQ, after finding this place on Yelp.  We weren't quite sure what to expect, and were pleasantly surprised.Since it was our first time, the very nice and friendly woman at the counter let us sample some of their brisket...amazing!  Also, the gentleman who was cutting and serving the food, was quite friendly and answered questions.We went with the sampler, so we could try a little bit of everything.  It consisted of:  pulled pork (my absolute favorite!!!), brisket (we got the moist, and it definitely was), chicken (juicy, but a little bland), St. Louis ribs (the meat was so tender...delicious!),turkey (surprisingly tender, moist and flavorful), sausage (also quite flavorful!) plus 2 sides--we decided on potato salad and cole slaw (both really good, but I favored the slaw).  It was also served with some white bread, which is perfect to make little sandwiches, or sop up some sauce.  They had 2 sauces, a mild and spicy one.  I prefer the mild, it was sooo deliciously sweet, I could almost drink it by itself.  Hubby tried the spicy, and it was a bit much for him.  So, he also stuck with the mild, and couldn't get enough of it.  Throw in a couple of iced teas, and you've got yourself a meal...actually 2, since there was so much food, we ended up taking some home and having it later.My only "complaint" is the booths...they really need to update the seats.  They were all cracked and you could feel the springs as you slid into the dips.We will definitely head out there again, it's a bit of a drive, but for that pulled pork, I'll go anywhere!!!Oh, and by the way, it's all gone!  We devoured our leftovers while watching some TV...it was still delicious warmed up.
4	This is one of the best options out there for BBQ in Phoenix.  I ordered the cutter's choice brisket with a side order of macaroni and cheese.  The brisket was decent and the macaroni and cheese was average to me.  I would like to try and go back to try their turkey or ribs.To me, Little Miss BBQ has better brisket and it's my favorite bbq place around.  However, this place has better hours of operation.I would recommend this place because the bbq is good and the customer service is great.
5	The moist brisket was amazing, just fatty enough that it melts in your mouth and the flavor is better than most brisket that I've had. The Texas creamed corn was so good I could eat a tub of it. I wish I didn't live all the way in Los Angeles, but I'll definitely be back.
5	On our most recent trip to Phoenix, we set of goal of eating at a new BBQ place every day.  We avoided our regular haunt (Rudy's) and selected the new places from the best of Yelp and recommendations of local friends.  We found some winners and some losers, but Texas BBQ was by far the best of the bunch.I had the Po' Boy special, which was a sausage topped with brisket and pulled pork, nearly a pound of meat.  All three meats were top notch, but the brisket was significantly better than most places.My wife decided to go with the turkey breast and the creamed corn.  The breast was very moist with a nice smoke ring.  She also really liked their sauces, but her favorite of all was the creamed corn.  They make it from scratch, and it has a bit of Jalapeno for flavor.  I've never had a creamed corn that quite matched it.The owner was very friendly and helpful, and allowed us to sample several other meats.  His young son was clearing tables, and was very polite and fun to chat with about the pit and the business.
5	I am a big fan. Just when I was missing the BBQ back home, I found this place.They are fast and courteous, have all the proper fixins' (onions and pickles!) and their sauce is DELICIOUS.The price is a little high, but I guarantee you won't leave hungry no matter what you order. The Texas Po Boy is easily the most delicious thing I have experienced here. Do not miss out on it.
1	It's always a good idea to wait a few hours before writing a review. I had six pork ribs, half a smoked sauage and a small side of green beans. Cost with small beverage slightly over $22. The food tasted great with the ribs looking cooked to perfection, BUT a few hours later...I could not get off the toilet. I don't know if they used MSG in the food or what, but it doesn't matter how good the food tastes going down if it gives you "Montezuma's Revenge" later! I was going to give it 4 solid stars, subtracting a fifth star for boring sides and dilapidated seating, but I cannot say I'll be going back...except to my bathroom!
1	This place is horrible. I don't know why it has such good reviews...maybe I came on a bad day but the food was cold, the soda was watered down and the employees rude. Not to mention its way out of the way in a not so great area. If you are looking for good Texas style bbqB try Rudys or Alisons.
4	Appears to be a family run joint.  BBQ is solid.  I had brisket w a little fat, side of coleslaw, and a roll.  Made myself a tall sandy for lunch by adding pickles and a sliced pepper (hot as hell).Service is great.  Appears one of the kids works the floor, and he's sharp as a tack cleaning up after customers.  Even offered to run down a drink refill for me.  Great booths to sit in, tvs playing sports, comfortable covered outdoor patio, etc.  Only drawback was this big banner on the side wall that read, "You're in (Dallas) Cowboy Country."  Eh, I hate the Dallas Cowboys, but I didn't see Tony Romo or Jerry Jones, so I'll come back for the BBQ.
5	I am not a big BBQ fan but let me tell you............... Went in and ordered the Po Boy, they gave me a sample of the brisket. That was the best piece of meat I ever had.  The sandwich was pretty darn good as well. Had a sausage link some brisket and some pulled pork. Was mighty tasty. Its a bit pricey though, 13 bucks for this beast but was delicious ! The sausage is a bit peppery but great flavor !
4	Couple things I want to get off my chest about this place.The food itself is probably the best BBQ I've ever eaten to date, and I love BBQ in general. Pulled pork, brisket, and their bbq sauces both sweet and spicy ones are incredible. They deserve the recognition for their A+ flavor in BBQ. Now for the part that really annoys me...- Since I've heard about the place 2 months ago, I've been there 8x (roughly 1x/week) because I work so close and love the food. 4 different times I've asked for their WiFi password, and they refuse to give it to me. I ask because I want to do some personal work on my laptop as I'm enjoying my meal. If they accommodated this, I'd easily go here probably 2x a week because of its location, great food, and it allows me to multitask. Since i spend on average $11 per visit, They're losing roughly $44/month of my business, not including the coworkers and friends I bring in with me because they can't accommodate a simple request, or set up a guest wifi.
5	This place has the best brisket of all time! The moist is so juicy and delicious! I just throw some on fresh white bread with some pickles and sauce and I'm good to go. They also have delicious creamed corn and their pulled pork is delicious too! This is the one place that my husband and I can always agree on. You will never go wrong at Texas BBQ House -- just make sure you get there in time (especially on Fridays) cuz their BBQ goes fast!
5	Best BBQ Restaurant in the Phoenix area! Amazing brisket, ribs, and pulled pork. All the sides are exceptional. My favorites are the beans and their macaroni and cheese. Leave room for their banana pudding!
5	Best BBQ I've ever had.  I've had the pulled pork, moist brisket, sausage, and chopped brisket, and they are all amazing.  Their sauces are perfect for each of their meats, and the cream corn is amazing - also probably the best I've ever had.  I work at the airport, and although the surrounding area isn't all that great, I'm thankful for the convenience of the location.
4	I am a fan of this great bbq joint. 2nd visit today & their brisket is awesome! I tried the creamed corn & it may be one if the best things I have ever had. The spicy bbq sauce is delish & comes on the side in squeeze bottles. Parking could be tough during lunch hour but worth the trip! Food comes out right away & everyone is quite friendly here.
5	This place is great.  It's a small place but they are very friendly and offer up samples if you want to try one of the meats.  They cut the meat right behind the counter and it is always great.  I have had the brisket, pulled pork and the sausage and they were all great,  I really like the sauces as well, although the spice sauce definitely has a kick.
5	Love the food.  Brisket is perfectly cooked and the ribs are to die for.  Make sure you get some mac & cheese.
5	Simple great BBQ. Haven't been disappointed yet.Prefer this place much more than Joe's Real BBQ.
5	Hot diggity damn, there's a new BBQ place in town (and by "town" I am referring directly to the imaginary place my dreams occur in.) The pulled pork and coleslaw are not to be missed (shredded things drenched in tasty sauce = all systems go), and save room for the old-fashioned banana pudding. Not many folks in the Southwest can make a banana pudding like these fellas... and even fewer can make my mother literally pull the dessert we're sharing away from me and finish it before I've had my second bite. Between BBQ sauce that I'd lick off the bottom of an old cowboy boot and brisket that makes me feel disloyal to my own grandmother's secret recipe, these are the areas where Texas BBQ truly shines. There's no question that this comfy hole-in-the-wall knows how to put a sauce-stained smile on my face.
2	Came here because of the rating.  Food was average in taste and quality and pricey to boot.  Atmosphere is very basic at best...kind of like a run down college diner.   On the plus side, food was served almost instantly and the bbq sauce was tasty.
4	Great bbq! I don't typically enjoy bbq, but I enjoyed the Texas Po boy sandwich I got here. It's a 1 lb sandwich filled with pulled pork, cutter's choice brisket, and link sausage. The meat was very tender and juicy. Meanwhile, the sausage added a nice kick of spice to each bite. The bun was nice a soft. The portion was also huge -- I could only eat half the sandwich. I saved the other half for later, and it was just as good (maybe ever better) later!Service was good and fast. Upon arrival, we were offered samples of meat, which were delicious! We also used the check-in offer on Yelp to save a few bucks. Once your food is ready, it is placed in a big blue bin instead of plates, which is fine by me.
5	The food (turkey and lean brisket) is still on par and the best BBQ in town, but their was a Texas size price increase on this latest visit. Everything jumped up almost 2 bucks and it's not like they are serving in Scottsdale, it is still BBQ and it is still a junkie part of Phoenix. The lunch special was previously $8.99, but it's not so special at $10.69 and the meats per half pound are now $8.69 instead of $6.99. Pretty big jump, but the meat is still heavenly, so hopefully this is their last increase for awhile.
3	I am leaning towards a 2 star rating but am bumping it up because I thought the service was great and the two boys that helped me carry my order to my car.  I really really wanted to like this place.  It is close to home but doesn't accept credit cards.  That always is annoying.  I like that you are offered a sample if you have never been.  I didn't care that much for the sample so I should have known right there.  I ordered 1 pound of lean brisket as my children do not like fat on their food.  I also ordered some st louis style ribs as they were out of beef ribs.  We added on a small container or creamed corn, a large container of macaroni and cheese and a gallon of sweet tea.  The bill was over $40 for a lunch that I had to bring home and dish out for me and 3 kids.  I think that is pretty pricey!Everything tasted very peppery to me.  We were offered a choice of spicy or regular BBQ sauce.  They came in identical containers.  One had a marking on top which I couldn't see or notice when I got them home to open them.  I had to taste all of them before offering to kids.  The spicy was way to hot.  The regular was good but it killed my stomach trying to figure out which was which with each container.I didn't care for the choices of bread - sesame hamburger style buns for a plastic bag or white bread slice.  Was hoping for homemade rolls or biscuits.Brisket was very forgettable.  The ribs were best of the meats and I am not a fan of pork.  The creamed corn was by far the best part of the meal.  This was the only thing that I actually enjoyed.  Mmmmmm....The macaroni and cheese was $8 and got thrown away with only what we sampled gone from the top.  Sad because mac & ch is one of my all time favorite foods, same with the kids.  Tons of flakes of black pepper.  Didn't like anything about it.The sweet tea was a hit with the children since I never let them have caffeine but it was sweet and not refreshing to me.  I am more a fan of unsweet though so that could likely just be my personal opinion.I wish the restaurant much success but these neighbors won't be back.  :(
5	Absolutely the best brisket in phoenix. I should know as I've tried them all. I stop here every time I'm in the area. I'll often get the Texas poboi sandwich for lunch. It's a full pound of meat! 1/3 brisket , 1/3 pulled pork, 1/3 smoked sausage. Yummy.. The restaurant is usually busy, especially during lunch time. But the que moves quickly. The staff are friendly, and everything is always clean.Make sure your good and hungry when you try this place..
5	Phoenix does not have many good BBQ joints. This is a true southern style rib shack. Excellent food. Great service! Get there early for lunch or you will be in line for awhile.
5	The brisket here is fantastic - moist, tender, delicious - and they sell out sometimes so don't delay.  The staff is always friendly and pleasant.  This place is a win!
4	Great barbecue!!!  The brisket was very tender and tasty.  My husband got seconds on the turkey and my daughter loved the pulled pork (she is a picky eater).  The coleslaw was good, the creamed corn was fabulous; the green beans were a bit too mushy and the macaroni and cheese was not the best.  Service was friendly and helpful.  This is a very relaxed atmosphere and very small seating area.  Don't miss this place - it's a hidden gem!
5	The best part of this place might not even be the stellar bbq. It might be the folks who run it. Great people. Mike is very gracious with his time and bbq. I never miss an opportunity to stop by. I take my bbq seriously and this beats every other place in town. Just call ahead or get there early. That moist brisket goes fast. Especially if I'm there.
3	In general, I love BBQ.  I grew up with a mom who raked snow and ice off the grill to BBQ in the winter!  I tried a few BBQ places when I first moved here, but I gave up on BBQ in Phoenix shortly after moving here and I didn't eat BBQ unless I cooked it.  Unfortunately for  all BBQ places in Phoenix (past, present and future), as far as I am concerned, there is LMBBQ(I try not to use another business' name in my reviews) and then there are all other BBQ places in Phoenix.  I stopped here on a whim to give this place a second try, 2 years after the first time.  I was underwhelmed by the food that I tried.  I ordered the Po'Boy sandwich... a mountain of meat... sausage, brisket (chef's choice), and pulled pork.  The meat was far too saucy for me.  I do not care for sauce on my BBQ.  I prefer the sauce as a garnish,  on the side. I think it was added to the sandwich and I wish I had been asked. The sauce wasn't very tasty itself.  The brisket was tender and juicy, but it lacked a deep smokey flavor that I enjoy!  Same for the brisket.  The sausage on my sandwich didn't taste fresh,  so I didn't eat it more than a bite or two.   Rather unfortunate because I bet normally the regular sausage is good. The only bright spot was the jalapeno sausage I ordered on the side that, it JUST occurred to me, didn't taste like it was spiced with jalapeno, but black pepper.  Nevertheless,  the sausage was not greasy and it tasted pretty good.   i really would like to see BBQ places in and around Phoenix win, but this place is didn't satisfy my taste-buds.  For Phoenix, I suppose it meets some folks needs.  For me, its a "do not return", unless LMBBQ burns down.Return Factor - 1%.
5	Sampler was great for 4 people. Can't wait to come back.  Only problem it's a Pepsi account but they did have Mexican coke.
5	Awesome brisket and great, fast service. Will be coming back next time we have a hankering for bbq.
5	We have been blessed by eating here on different occasions, we are NEVER ever disappointed with their brisket...the smoke ring around the brisket is to die for.  I like the brisket w/out BBQ sauce...as that is the true testimony of the quality of the brisket for me regarding the taste, moist, tender and melt in your mouth...Naked brisket is better. We luv the cream corn also.
5	The brisket blew my mind.While I am no expert,I did grow up in Texas and good bar b q was a regular thing for me growing up.That brisket reminds me of home.
5	Love walking into a place where the owners remember who you are no matter how long it's been between visits!  The food is amazing as always and the service is great to boot...check them out and feel free to tell them that "southwest chick" sent you!!!
5	Sampler plate was AMAZING! Green beans side was excellent.
4	The quality of the meat is what makes this place. Brisket, ribs & chicken have all been perfectly cooked. The sides are tasty, the staff friendly and competent. It's very good to take out because you don't have to call it in. They just freshly slice the meats and grab the sides at the counter in seconds and wrap it all in butcher paper, throw your choice of BBQ sauce in the sack along with a few slices of bread and you're on your way. Great concept, well executed.
5	Great food. Very nice people! Moist Brisket is the best I have ever had! This is our favorite place to eat in Phoenix.
