1	Jamba Juice - it ain't what it used to be!They've done away with Cranberry Craze, Cherry Charger, Egg Nog, and pumpkin.  They put too much ice in the blender and the drinks come out tasting like watery versions of their former selfs.  Total bummer.  Pretty expensive for watered down, blended fruit drinks that all taste the same.
3	Ok so I was down on Jamba juice based on the last time I visited.  The minor really wanted a "smoothie," and Jamba was right there so I totally took a chance.  Cuz that's how I roll.  They still don't have my old favorites anymore, but I tried the pomegranate and it was goooood.  The minor got the strawberry wild, but liked mine better.  Tapping into my long since past teenage years, full of immature catch phrases, I'll say that's because mine RULED DUDES!!  Along with my pomegranate I had a sourdough pretzel, and at that point, if there hadn't been so many people in the store I may have thrown up the horns and started moshing right there at the table.  The drinks weren't watered down this time, so last time must have been a malfunction of a dum dum staff member.  I'd consider giving this place 4 or 5 stars if they brought back my faves.
4	I've only tried Jamba at airports and was very pleased to see one when I visited Madison in October.Side review- I LOVE Madison. If you are ever contemplating moving here- Do. There is so so so so so much good food. So much to see and do too. They almost always have an event or a festival going on and every one is so nice. It is a little expensive (well at least compared to the South) but the quality of life is so much better. Love Madison.Love that I can see them make my fruit juice from the actual fruit right in front of me.
4	This Jamba Juice is conveniently tucked in the corner of State Street and on my way to work.As a dancer, it's very hard to walk past this smoothie heaven everyday and not be tempted almost every time I go by.Curse you Jamba Juice!Let me tell you, they know how to make smoothies in a jiffy.  The line can get long, but they are smoothie ninjas and whip up your cup so fast you barely have time to check in on Yelp.  Only catch, no wifi  :(  I could spend hours in here.  No wifi might be a good thing....
5	Oh, Jamba. How I loved you when we were young.....or at least when I was young. I still love a good Jamba whenever I'm back in Madison. I very rarely see one anymore since I've moved away. In college, I worked 3 doors down at the Sacred Feather. On occasion, I was known to be severely hungover when I showed up for work. Like the - eat one pretzel take a sip of water and try not to hurl for the next hour, repeat - kind of hungover. But there was Jamba, always standing ready to save my life. I would drag my shitty self over to the Jamba as soon as they opened, pick me up a medium smoothie (quite big actually) - and slam it in about 40 minutes. I kid you not - within ONE HOUR, I was always back to at least 80% function. It was like a miracle. Or it was fluids and vitamins disguised as a miracle...whatever. So yummy, healthy, and satisfying on a warm day...or a hungover one. Seriously. Miracles. Get you some.
4	Fresh fruit juices made using real juice and whole fruits. That rings a bell for healthy living. They have fruit smoothies, protein shakes, and recently, their summer specials consists of fruits blended in coconut water (think pina colada and the likes). On a day when I feel like having a light meal one of their shakes is the perfect choice. If you are looking for something a little more, they offer whole cut fruit granola, cereals and yoghurt parfaits. Recently I started loving my fruit smoothies blended with fresh Greek yoghurt. It adds a refreshing taste to the fruit combination. I also just found out (better late than never) that you can substitute any fruit on their menu for a different one, so it's kinda like creating your own smoothie! Wonderful both as a stand alone meal or a post-meal snack!
5	Best service ever! These guys know what their doing! From one staff member to another they were all super nice and very accommodating. They helped me choose what is now my favorite drink! Next time I pop in town I will definitely make a stop here.
5	Great customer service at this location! The workers are always friendly and welcoming. The store is always clean and "cheerful" looking. They have free wifi as well! I will continue to stop in for smoothies because of the great atmosphere and customer service.
