4	I moved to Bloomfield in April and being Italian and loving Italian food I thought that Little Italy would be a good fit, I was wrong... Until tonight.  I have found that every Italian restaurant I've tried has left much to be desired; from Del's atrocious food to the over hyped Pleasure Bar, I had not found an Italian joint I liked.Lombardozzi, I have not clue why I had not tried you until tonight.  I had tried their meatballs during Little Italy Days and really enjoyed them, but always forgot to head down the block to try a whole meal.We started with calamari and it was fried t to perfection, and no rubbery feel, which is a positive, because 99% of places outside the east coast can't to calamari to save their lives.I had the gnocchi with red sauce (only sauce option which kind of irks me, because gnocchi is great with a pesto) with meatballs.  The gnocchi is homemade and to die for, and the sauce is pretty good too (I'm a sauce snob, nobody beats my mothers or grandmothers) and the meatballs were as good as I remembered.Great food experience, but the service was at best bad.  The waitress took over five minutes to get our drink order, and just kind of seemed annoyed at the whole working thing.I will be back, because there is no Italian food in Bloomfield that even comes close to Lombardozzi.
4	I pulled into this unassuming restaurant for lunch.    The place is old school.   I feel as if I am in a Good Fella's movie.     There aer 2 standup gambling syle video game machines (think space invaders but they are are called "Magical Odds and the other one is not named but has is a memory game.The place is very friendly.    I ordered the wedding soup and the Spinach Gnocchi with a Crown and Diet Coke- I needed a drink after driving the hot wheels track known as Downtown Pittsburgh - I think my GPS needed a drink too ;-)...My wedding soup arrived and I felt it was a littel under seasoned but that is something I can definitely add - no dings here.The Gnocchi arrived and it was quite tasty.     The pasta was done right - I had felt like I was eating spinach dumplings.    I orignally was going to request a meat but this meal needed none of that nonsense.They have a lunchtime buffet that looked good but I wanted to try something made fresh for my first stop.Overall - I like this placeService - Great - super friendlyFood - Very good - The Gnocch and their other homade pastas deserve a tryPrice - My meal (dinner menu) was $17.Check this place out - it will definitely take you back to the 70's :-)
4	Once again, the best friend and I were out and about on errands - in this case, her appointment with the dentist - and what better food choice to explore before 'open wide' than good old family Italian? Can we get extra onions with that?We decided to give the lunch buffet a try, and arrived around 11:30 am. Sign on the door said hours were 11 am to whatever, but we got there to find the doors still locked.  I walked around the corner to see a studly guy standing outside the back door smoking, and asked if they were open. He looked at me surprised, and said he'd be right there. He came and unlocked the front doors, and in we went, past the muscle man with the cool brown eyes.We were the first to arrive, and as I looked around the room(s) and I have to say it was kind of charming in that 1970's Soprano's kind of way. Like a mom and pop Italian place you'd expect to find somewhere in Jersey.  This is kind of living proof that Pittsburgh is indeed stuck in 1979, but in this case, in a GOOD way. There's even a baby grand piano just inside the front doors.We did not order from the menu, as I said, we went to try the lunch buffet and I have to say, we were impressed.It is not a large buffet, quite small in fact, but ample for only $7.95.  It basically contains a chafing dish of appetizers (this day had Clams Casino, some kind of fried mashed potato balls and fried zucchini), another with a pasta dish (tomato vodka today with fresh basil - VERY delicious), two meats (something like a beef brisket in one and the other a chicken cacciatore - the beef was excellent, as was the chicken), a small selection of salads (pasta, tossed, slaw and a bowl of beets), a tray of bread and rolls, and two different cakes for dessert.Now, even though we were the first to arrive, meaning early and the food was fresh, the chef and his trainee kept attending to the hot foods, showing sincere concern that it all stay fresh...and it did the entire time we were there. The waitress was a very pretty 'woman' as opposed to the usual college student, and was extremely nice and helpful. The muscle man was apparently the bartender - ok - you can stand there and look pretty as long as you like.They carried Pepsi products, so we ordered fresh brewed tea instead, and it was fine.Total bill for two for a very satisfying lunch buffet was $20 and some change, very pleasant service AND eye candy, and a quaint trip down 'Scenes From An Italian Restaurant' meets 'Soprano's' memory lane.  I can't speak for dinner (yet) but if the food is as good, skip the pretentious Bistroids, and barking manager of Del's, and the potential gunfire from Pleasure Bar...and give them a shot. And DEFINITELY drop by for a super inexpensive and pleasant lunch if you happen to find yourself in the Bloomfield neighborhood.
4	Awesome food and service.  Family owned homemade itAlian food. They way it's suppose to be. Will go again when I'm in Pittsburgh
3	Meh, if I'm feeling generous I'd give it another 1/2 star for the Italian wedding soup but my gnocchi and veal marsala were only worthy of a review to keep the exuberant reviews from getting out of hand.  I suppose I was expecting more out of Bloomfield, I would expect this service and quality outside of Little Italy.  I'd eat there again but it doesn't make me want to go back without trying other restaurants in the area.
2	Well, as stated in the previous review of their lunch buffet, we finally went for dinner, and were horribly disappointed to discover a night-and-day comparison between the lunch and dinner. I had gnocchi, she had Veal Imperial, and we ordered 'traditional style' which meant for an addition $4 it came with marinated mushrooms, Clams Casino, soup and salad. My friend left 1/3 of her veal dish on her plate and didn't want to take it home. I took a bite, and my tongue experienced absolutely no flavor, to the extent that I had to take a sip of my iced tea to see if I was getting a cold and losing my sense of taste. I could taste the tea. I could taste absolutely NOTHING from her veal.  With the gnocchi, I ordered the sausage, which was again $3 extra, and when it arrived it was a flat sausage patty cut in half, that tasted like a dry sausage McMuffin patty. The salad was basic iceberg lettuce and a few other veggies. The wedding soup had two tiny meatballs and about 1/3 cup of celery. The meal in general was a total disaster, but we ordered dessert anyway, and the tiramisu was still partially frozen. Then the bill came to over $82.  We could not believe that we'd enjoyed the lunch buffet so completely, which was only $7.95, and that this dinner, as overpriced as it already was, was so completely void of flavor and character. It's baffling to comprehend that an Italian restaurant that's been around as long as they have would still survive with these prices and total lack of quality for dinner. We had gone in with such high hopes.  But honestly, for dinner, it was such a huge let-down, we'll never go back. We'll go to the lunch buffet, but never to dinner. It was truly, truly just plain sad.
4	Best Italian comfort food buffet in Pittsburgh. The real deal. Looks like a location for a Martin Scorsese movie.  They have regular menu-order items but I only go for lunch to have the buffet with its somewhat revolving dishes . The meat-balls are amazing. Chicken parm/marsala pure oral delight .  Try it, if you haven't .
3	I agree with Darren's review. We came here with one of his friends from high school who is from Bloomfield not long ago. My Ginger Salmon was ok and not a whole lot more. They grill it and serve it on top of a shrimp risotto. It sounds better than it was. They also overdress their salads, and the service is choppy but friendly. I liked the decor myself. Overall, it is a very average restaurant from my POV.
4	Family friendly! While some reviewers may lament the outdated interiors, a feature that was not missed by me, I will merely say that Lombardozzi proved to be the best venue for our toddler that we have come upon in months. Our server did not know the difference between bolognese and meat sauce, but she brought soup and milk for our toddler faster than you can say pronto! She fawned over our daughter and made us feel comfortable. Additionally, the owner and chef both came to our table to talk to us. My husband and I felt like we were eating at a friend's house, and that warmth is a hell of a lot sexier than any atmosphere we've gotten in a swanky Shadyside lounge. We ordered simple pasta dishes: linguine and meat sauce, and spaghetti and meatballs. The pasta was fresh and al dente; the garnishes were tasteful and classic; the sauces were remarkable. I recommend this place for the food and congenial service. It would easily get 5 stars if we hadn't sat in the outdated bar.
2	Don't waste your time!Oh, where should I start..?My family and friends came here for a Sunday lunch. The prices are crazy high (for -cheap- pasta). The menu outside the building and website doesn't match what they show you at the table. One of our guest was the last one to receive his perfectly square cheese ravioli and the filling was still frozen! (You'd think that for a $16 ravioli plate you'd get home made). After they microwaved it it was barely fit to eat. Some had flavorless Chicken Piccata, Fish and Eggplant Parmigiana. The atmosphere didn't help. The only thing with an aroma in this place was the tomato sauce. I don't understand the big fuzz some make about this restaurant. What a joke!
3	I came here awhile back, wanting to sample some of the Italian restaurants in Bloomfield.  I came on a weeknight around 7pm, and it wasn't crowded at all.  I ordered the gnocchi.  It was okay, and not a bad meal, but it didn't wow me--it wasn't really anything out of the ordinary.  On the plus side, my waitress was attentive and friendly, and the atmosphere was nice for a date.  Overall, an okay option for Italian, but I doubt I'll be back anytime soon, since there's better to be had elsewhere in PGH.
1	There has been a pile of vomit on there sidewalk for 10 days, For the life of me I cannot believe they havent taken care of this, such a turn off.  Today is 10/3
