3	good little sandwich shop.  i know it is hard to compete against the large franchise guys so i wish them luck.  the kids that work there need to increase their intelligence level a few notches.  and try putting a little more meat on the sandwich and less lettuce.
4	Everything was delicious!  After visitng two other "little guy" sub shops in the last two weeks, I am eager to try more!  Ned's Krazy Sub was the first I visited, and it was dynamite!  The vegetarian sub lunch special is my new best friend!  Delicious, fresh bread with excellent blend for the dressing makes this sub one you won't soon forget!  Cool decor, quick service, and delicious subs!
4	If you like Steve's Krazy Sub you will like Ned's Krazy Sub. They are brothers and have the same set up. Though I would like to comment on this location's bathroom! It's the basic single bathroom you would expect, but man does it smell good!! I walked in and was pleasantly surprised, I definitely enjoyed my experience there!
5	Something about Neds is just BETTER than any other sub place. The bread, the meats and cheeses, the mayo... Oh man. I can't get enough of Neds. Recently catered a party with them and (unknown to me) they'd accidentally shorted the meat on the platter (we still had leftovers) and they called out of the blue 2 days later telling me they had messed up and asking me if they could give me a gift card to make up for it! Who does that?? Amazing.
5	Love Ned's, it's amazing.  Love their subs, the bread, everything about them is great.  Highly recommend them.
5	Great food. Great people.
4	After a crazy day of scrapbook shopping, I was in need of something good to eat.  I wanted to get something before I got on the expressway, and I saw this place from the road.  I am a huge sub fan, and knew I had to come in here.The place is simply decorated, with crab stuff on the wall (so cute) and shiny table tops with a "Neds Subs" design.  Has a sub theme throughout.  The menu here is pretty impressive.  LOTS of variety to choose from, and they are cool with making any order to your liking.  Thier standard sizes are 8 inches and 12 inches, and the prices are fair and reasonable to what I get.  You can also order your sub hot OR cold! Hooray for choices!  I ended up getting an eight inch hot pastrami 8 inch sub combo.  It came with a bag of chips and a drink for something like $7.  NICE!  Food service was quick, and service was great.  I will gladly return here, as I really had a good experience.   Amazing food, great  pricing, delicious and one of a kind.  Worth going here anytime of the day!
4	I'm a loyal patron of Steve's Krazy Subs, so i don't want to get involved in a family rivalry.  However, sandwiches are my business and they deserve a fair critique regardless.  At first approach, Neds is much more of a professional looking sub shop.  Nice large dining area, clean, fancy tables (*more on those in a minute) I was glad to see that Neds had the same lunch special...8 in poorboy, chips and drink.$1 more at Neds, but you get bigger chips.  Tasted exactly the same, so tough to compare.  My only complaint is the booths.  Probably great if you are 6'5, but for common folk, pretty uncomfy.
4	This place is so much better than Subway. It has a nice college style atmosphere on the inside; with a pin ball machine and various arcade games. The subs are excellent and are relatively inexpensive. My favorite is the meatball and the super duper.
4	I've been eating at Ned's Krazy Sub since I was knee high to a grass hopper. I even worked for Ned when I was in high school. After all these years I know what I'm getting cause the food and quality is still the same, and at fantastic prices too! I loved it as a kid, now my kids love it too.
4	I was turned on to Neds when I was in High School and am a fan. Its a good value. I believe the last time I went, an 8: sub with side and drink was like 5.00. Wayyy better than subway. I like just the traditional turkey sammich with lettuce, tomato, onion and lots of mayo. The reason they are not rated "as good as it gets" is because every time I have gone there, there is not enough mayo on the sammich. Make sure you ask for extra unless you want a dry sub. Their potato salad is terrific and might be the best I have ever had. The service is quick and friendly and the facility is clean but a bit plain. Give it a try if your looking for a new sammich spot. PS: Their catering is great too. They always include everything and instead of giving little packets of mayo, mustard, oil, vinigar, they give you actual bottles.   :O
5	Ned's is pretty much a legend in Mesa, I have been eating there since I was in high school. The sandwiches are fantastic, make sure to add the vinegar and oil it's so tasty! Lunch specials include chips and drink at a great price. Friendly, family run business.
4	I typically do not favor subs at all or crave them to say the least. I do not know how jimmy johns stays in business for example. The only thing decent there in my opinion is their bread which is not even phenomenal. Ned's Subs are up there with subway in my book.  Their Chicken sandwich tasted exceptionally fresh(my best word to describe the taste). I like Fresh things so works out perfect for me!We had stopped here randomly because we had thought the name was funny as we were driving through the parking lot looking for harbor freight.  Next time i am around this area i will again make my stop to try a totally different sub and then onto some fro-yo!:)
1	My husband had heard about Neds from a friend at work that raved to him about it, so one late afternoon driving back from Vegas we stopped for some sandwiches.. First off, the young teenage boy at the register was less than helpful & had about as much personality as a door nail. He was very short with me & being that this was our first visit, I asked how the chicken salad was, his response was, "I don't know, I don't eat it.! " Wanting to turn around & walk out based on his response, but being exhausted from driving 5 hrs I didn't have the energy to go some place else. Second, there were a couple families dining inside with small children, almost the entire time they were running back & forth kicking the service counter where I was standing trying to place my order. And that not being enough, they were screaming & yelling & play shooting at each other, I couldn't hear myself think.. The parents never said a word, as they continued to be menaces. Next, which I thought was quite hilarious is that when our order was ready, the same kid calls out "Order #25!" I was still standing at the service counter, I looked around thinking "are there others who are waiting?" Yeah, no he was shouting out my order for pickup!!! Really?? I felt like that scene from Meet the Fockers where the ticket agent won't let him board the plane until his seat is called, even though he's the only customer.. I couldn't help but laugh. Finally, the icing on the cake from this visit was the 2 days of volatile vomiting as a direct result of eating at Neds!! I got food poisoning, awesome! I had the chicken ranch sub, the ranch dressing was sour tasting, but I overlooked it being hungry & exhausted.. Sadly, after that one & only experience I cannot share the same enthusiasm with the other reviewers.  We will not be back. Word of advice for future patrons: Eat at your own risk!
1	Overpriced subs, bread and meat has changed to low-grade. Same quality as subway, just a higher price tag. Will not visit again.
4	Lived here for years and just found Ned's. The whole family loved it! Did I mention the Dig Dug machine that I dominated on?
5	Ive been eating at Ned's for years and it is by far one of my favorite sandwich shops! The price is fair and reasonable. I get on kicks where this place is what I crave, they are worth stopping in and grabbing a sandwich.
1	The last time I went there they completely screwed up my internet order and there was barely any meat on any of the subs (I had ordered several for my family). I could have done better at a Subway.
5	Best subs, great service, good value. We moved to WA and I want to go back to AZ just to have a 12" hot turkey on white with everything. Love the pickles too. Ned knows his samich!
4	Gotta love Neds ! Great subs with fast and easy service. Im a sandwich girl but my husband on the other hand is not and even he is a big fan. Perfect place to swing by and grab a couple sandwiches after the pool or what not. They have a variety of choices and are flexible which is great when trying to feed picky eaters! Service has always been super great and friendly.
5	We love Ned's Krazy Subs!!! Not only are the "samiches" super tasty, prepared of quality ingredients in many varieties or as you like it, but they are also a great value, prepared fresh, served quickly, and the staff is always friendly. We love eating in because of the neighborly atmosphere, but you can also order on line and pick up in shop.  The most fun part is that - depending on the time of day - we can usually see Ned, himself, behind the counter or holding court in one of the booths...what a nice guy and what a friendly place to eat. Go...go now!
5	Always a great spot to grab lunch, and contrary to what I've heard, you don't have to be LDS to eat there. J/K.  Great lunch specials!
4	I love Ned's Krazy Sub! There must be something about the bread that keeps me coming back. The place is clean and the food is awesome. My boyfriend really likes the old-school arcade game they have there. If you are into getting deals like I am, you can text their club number and they will send you coupons via text message from time to time. They do it regularly.
3	Ok subs I'd rather have a hot sub fire house.
2	I'm not impressed by Ned's choice of staff lately. The last few times I've come in the ladies at the register have been rude and totally uninterested in what they are doing. This is the reason I haven't been in as frequently as I used to.
3	Restaurant was clean, food was decent.  Was not blown away by the sub, by any means, but the price was extremely reasonable.  Not something I see myself craving, but if I you're looking for a cheap and filling sub on the go, I'd recommend Ned's.  Less than $5 for an 8'' sub, $2 for a souvenir cup.  Can't beat that
5	I've been frequenting Ned's for years. It's not always perfect but it's great food at a good price.
4	Consistent and inexpensive Neds is a great place to go for lunch. The lunch special runs from 10-4 so there is plenty of time to pick up a cheap sub.
4	Family stopped in for dinner about 8:30. Girl working was friendly, food was made quickly considering there were 7 of us. Prices were very reasonable, less than expected. Sandwiches were good, better than expected for the price. If you're looking for a good sub at reasonable price, and want something different than (better in my opinion) subway, stop in and try one, youll be happy you did!
4	Ive been a regular at neds since the old location on southern and gilbert. Never disappointed by the food. The staff is usually some mormon kid up front and a couple chicks or a chick and a guy making the food. Im never impressed by the staff, but I enjoy the food and the pricing is not bad. Better than subway for sure
5	I've come here several times. It looks a bit divey, not much decor except for the red paint and 2 arcade machines. However, the sub is superb. I always get the Poorboy and every time I'm rewarded with greatness. The staff is okay, sometimes really great, sometimes not as great, but I can tell it's a family business and it feels very homey. Not to mention, Ned is a really cool happy guy. Overall, I'm never disappointed here.
5	Ned's is a great local sandwich shop.  I eat here regularly.  Nothing fancy,  this isn't Ike's,  just delicious sandwiches,  big bag of chips and drink for a reasonable price.  Don't let the location or lack of decor dissuade you from stopping in.  You won't be disappointed.
