4	Was the Plough and has been revamped and reborn as a good pub and live venue. They have lots of Porty regulars singing and playing and they also have board games if you really need entertained. With 3 Cask Ales always available, a great selection of continental lagers; including Petermans, Stella Artois & Staropramen on Draught, plus an ever-changing range of bottled world beers you can't go wrong. .
4	Oh gosh, what a hilariously bonkers bar. Passing through Portie on a regular basis on the way to work, I've been extremely curious about this pub and seeing as I was drinking in the vicinity last night, it seemed rather foolish not to pop in and sate my curiosity - and oh good lord, I am glad I did. It's a by the book old mans pub, complete with your mum and dad dancing to the pub rock band made up of what seemed to be possible regulars of the bar. The lead singer was working the microphone hard to standards such as Folsom Prison, with a blond woman wearing some serious fetish wrist cuffs disinterestedly banging a tambourine semi-in time to the music. It almost seemed like she was trying to distance herself from the rest of the band. Every time a song ended, they would return for an encore to the point I was pretty convinced they were playing through til close. Three Monkeys - not what I was thinking to expect, but good times, really good times.
4	This would be my bar of choice to go out for a drink, selection of drinks and guest beer's.The bar is decorated to a standard that everything goes with unusual items on the wall that look like an antique stall, l did see pictures on the wall showing history of the area was a nice touch.Entertainment on at the weekends plusJukebox available.Dartboard.Pool table.
4	Good little pub to go after a day on the beach or just in the area. I usually come here weekly just so sit down and relax with a pint. The staff is real friendly and have come to recognize me and Donald M. The pub is not quite an old man bar which is nice considering I am not quite an old man! They always have some rotating beers on tap and they are usually always good. Also they serve Innis and Gunn beers which is a plus! Bathrooms are kind of a dive but oh well you can't win them all. They do have some regulars that come in like every night but thats no problem and a good sign that the place is good considering theres like 6 bars on the whole street! A lot of bars for a little area. The decorations are what I like especially the old, giant, wooden cabinets full of old coloured bottles from the victorian age . Good place to get a pint if your in Portobello!
