5	I am absolutely addicted to online/distance/correspondence education programs and I absolutely love this school! In the past decade I have enrolled in at least 8 different programs with Penn Foster College (which used to be under a different name) in a wide variety of areas. Gourmet cooking, Early Childhood Education, Pharmacy Technician, Medical Office Assitant, Spanish, Photograpy, Graphic Design, and BS in Business Management. I also have a list of all the programs I plan to undertake from this institution in the future as well.I think this is a wonderful school for those of us who do not enjoy attending classes in brick and mortar classrooms. One must  be self-motivated and willing to work hard. These kinds of studies are more challenging than the normal classroom setting and to get the most out of this situation requires that students work steadily and thoroughly learn the material. It is also great for students who are busy with careers, family, etc... It is a great way to keep the mind sharp and expand on current skills and abilities.No school can gurantee that completion of a certificate or degree will make a student successful in career of life regardless of the school's accreditation. That is soley up to the student and how (s)he chooses to use the degree and knowledge. Penn Foster is no exception. It is also the responsibility of the student/consumer to research educational options and understand the fine print before entering into any contract. If you do not do this and come to find itisnot what you expected or that it did not qualify you with your State agencies for such and such then how can you complain about the school when in fact it would be your own lack of attention to detail? I say this because a large number of the negative reviews for this school reflect a lack of thoughtfulness and research on the part of the consumer and this cannot be blamed on the school. Penn Foster is most certainly accredited but it is Nationally accredited and not Regionally accredited as most brick and mortar instutitions are. I have not found this to be an issue for me personally because my goals for using this program have nothing to do with trying to transfer credits to another school nor do I intend to try and use my business degree to work for someone else. My goals are and have always been to: 1) expand my knowledge and skills 2) Gather knowledge and skills that I may use in the future tocreatively make my own business (why would I want to work for someone else when I can work more profitably for myself?) and 3) To be an example for my children that learning doesn't stop at any stage of life and that the sky's the limit when it comes to applying what one has learned. It is imperative that one has clear goals and a plan in place before choosing an educational program. All of my goals have been or can be met with what Penn Foster offers. The question is could yours be? That is what you need to consider when making your decision.I appreciate the affordability of Penn Foster. I am a homemaker and homeschooling mother of five children. It goes without saying I am somewhat limited with my financial resources so I have to consume them wisely. This school's payment plans makes every program accesible to me and it is easy to use.The customer service at Penn Foster is excellent and the service is prompt. I have never had a long wait for a representative to take a call and I have never had any issues that were not easy to resolve. Every representative has been extremely polite and helpful.The only annoying thing is waiting for the books but this is not really Penn Foster's fault since they ship promptly. It is merely that I am impatient to continue onto the next module of studies and it is possible that I work faster than the average Penn Foster student does.I have also used: PCDI (now Ashworth) for nutrition, catering and gourmet cooking, and fitness programs. I am currently enrolled in a degree program with Ashworth College. I have used Stratford Career Institute for Certified Nursing Assitant and Natural Health Consultant programs. I will be enrolling in the BSHH (Bachelor of Science in Holistic Health) with Global College of Natural Medicine. Penn Foster remains on of my favorite among these schools.BOTTOM LINE: Penn Foster is an excellent school that has been in business for many years (under different names though). The programs are solid and compare with the same courses offered in brick and mortar institutions. The prices are very reasonable and the customer service is well. There is the possbility of transferring credits to other schools but no gurantees. It is an accreditied school and it can and has helped people to advance in or begin in their chosen professions. I would recommend to anyone who has a clear goal for what they want, need, and will read and abide by the terms of the contract.
1	Penn Foster does not have regional accreditation which means their degrees are not widely accepted. Also, if some one from Penn Foster earns a bachelor degree and then wants to get their masters, forget it, will not happen without regional accreditation. If your going to spend the money and need to do it online find a school with REGIONAL accreditation.
1	If you are considering this program, I STRONGLY ADVISE YOU TO FIND ANOTHER! They should be ashamed at how they treat their students. They should be ashamed to even call themselves a school. The worst part about my experience here was the student services. If you've ever been a student, you know that student services & the people that can help you w/ your studies are very important, especially w/ online courses. You will get little to no help w/ them! Especially when you come across a problem, they play the blame game on their own coworkers & say there's nothing they can do. Don't even think about asking to speak to a person in charge/supervisor because I did & that person refused to even come on the phone...why? Because they know their wrong & have nothing to say!You guys can keep my money since you're so desperate for it... you guys are pathetic. I canceled my program. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.
