5	Irene is, quite simply, the world's most talented and responsible alterations seamstress.
1	3 times i've tried to use Irene's and 3 times she's refused to do the work.  First, she wouldn't shorten sleeves on a wool blazer because it was 'too old.'  (~5 years)  Next, she wouldn't lengthen sleeves on another wool jacket because she said she would have to 'move the buttons.'  And today, when i took in some causal pants i wanted to have old pockets replaced, she wanted to do a quicky re-stitch--something even i could have done myself--and i wanted her to use new material.  She wouldn't do it, saying that making new pockets would be 'too time-consuming.'  Maybe it's me.  Maybe she doesn't like my looks or something, but gad, how does this woman stay in business if she turns down work??
4	Irene saved my life (or at least, my participation as a bridesmaid in one of my closest friends' wedding).I had another tailor take my measurements and called them into the company that produced the bridesmaid dresses.  When they sent me the dress, in a size that normally fits me with no trouble - NOT TO MENTION they had recommended it based on my measurements - I found that I was unable to zip it up all the way.  Not good, not good at all.Bridesmaid dresses are not made with a ton of extra material, which is why they often tell you to order a larger size and get the dress taken in, rather than risk getting a dress that's too small - there's not much fabric available to let out.  And this dress was silk with a chiffon overlay; quite expensive and not exactly basic.I took the dress to a tailor who said he could not help me.  As I began to panic, he must have seen the desperation on my face and quickly recommended that I take the dress to Irene.I left the dress with Irene, and I don't know what kind of miracle she worked, but she found just enough fabric in the seams to get the dress to zip all the way.  She charged $50 (cash only), which I thought was more than fair.I've also had her shorten a dress for me, and it turned out very well.
2	I've had multiple things repaired here when desperate. Once was a dress that just needed the unfinished hem cut, which she took on in a hurry and did a decent job with. She did fine with having jeans hemmed shorter too. Another time I gave her an expensive winter coat to have the sleeves shortened, and I got the coat back with the sleeves so short it's laughable. I don't blame her for the shoddy job as clearly I should have complained when it happened, but I definitely won't take anything back here that is expensive.
3	Irene did some mending and alterations for me recently.  Mending was done very well - I found, however, that the pants she hemmed too short.  I don't know how it happened - I am sure I wore the "right" shoes for the accurate hem - but they were still too short and I looked ridiculous at work, so I returned to have them taken down a bit more.  She redid the hem within a few days and didn't charge me for the fix.  I was satisfied with the work, the price, and the amount of time it took to do it.
4	I go to Irene for all my tailoring needs.  I get some of the negative reviews about her - she's not exactly the most service oriented person I've met, and can come across as being pretty opinionated and not particularly nice.  That being said, I appreciate it when she tells me that something is worth repairing or not, and she's done a great job on pretty much everything she's been willing to do.  This last week, she took in the sides of two silk shirts that I brought in, and basically re-engineered the shirts, sleeves and all.  They look fabulous, and I know that requires a lot of skill.She doesn't explain how she prices things, which sometimes turns me off, cuz she's not exactly cheap.  But, she definitely knows her stuff.
4	Had two pairs of jeans tailored. Great turn around time, great pricing, quality work was okay.
5	This place was recently taken over by "Andy's tailoring", and the staff is fabulous. I took a floor length bridesmaid's dress here that was about 4 sizes too big. They tailored the dress absolutely perfectly, and made additional alterations for free when I decided that I wanted the dress a little more fitted. For the entire dress it was only $50.00 which was a great deal considering all of the work they did. I would highly recommend this place!
