5	My wife surprised the kids and I with a Birthday Helicopter Tour of Phoenix with Dryden Helicopters! She got a great deal on a Groupon for a 20 minute tour. Our son has said he wants to be a Helicopter Policeman when he grows up, so the tour was especially great!  Dryden also offers a Holiday Lights Tour, right now (10/22/2011) it's on Groupon Phoenix too!We easily setup our appointment via Dryden's website (we even rescheduled it really easy)!  We got a confirmation email from their site a day before too, really nice! We even spoke with Mike the owner pilot, he answered all our questions and make us even more excited to take our tour.We called Mike when we pulled into the address, 7430 E. Butherus Drive, Scottsdale, there's no building directory in the parking lot, he let us know they were in Suite C. Also the Yelp-Trip Advisor address for Dryden Helicopters is incorrect they are not at 19856 N. 84th St!Mike introduced himself to all of us, even shaking both our kids' hands.  He engaged both our children and started the paperwork. Yes we did have to tell him our weights, he needs it for the flight specs.  It all took about 5 minutes and we were headed to the helicopter pad just behind the building.  We took a couple of photos, buckled up, put on the headphones, closed the doors and we were asking for clearance to FLY!We lifted off and flew over Kierland Commons , then through Dreamy Draw, over Squaw Peak and around Camelback Mountain.  We took pictures of hikers and hikers took pictures of us, our daughter loved it.  We asked and Mike flew us over the new Diamonbacks training facilities, they were awesome.Overall we had an awesome time.  Our son who doesn't stop chattering was speechless! Our daughter got to ride in the front with Mike and was in heaven!  The flight was a different experience, no weird tummy feelings, just a slight rotational shake. If you get a chance to take a Tour with Dryden Helicopters, sign up and take the flight!
1	They went out of business and kept our $$$$$$ that we had paid for a ride that never happened.  They sent an email promising to refund us but never did.  They don't return phone calls or emails.  I sure hope they never open another business.
1	the jerk went out of buisness and kept our money!  thanks alot travelzoo for letting a cheap vendor be on there!!!!
