4	Pretty easy trail compared to many others in the Valley.The trail consists of an approx. 3 mi hike towards the mountain side. It is mostly walking, with very little climbing at the end. This climbing is necessary since you will go on top of some rocks to see a small running river, with a pond. Of course over these smooth-edged rocks one will encounter most of the hieroglyphics!Children can walk this pretty easy trail, so this should not be a worry. As a warning, just like all trails I wouldn't recommend doing this during a rainy or HOT day. Walking through a rocky and dirt trail can be dangerous and slippery.Other than this I am a fan of any hiking area where the parking lot is empty!
5	Great, easy trail for the whole family.  The trail head isn't too far from the greater Phoenix area on the east side.  The directions to the trail head involve a lot of twists and turns through Gold Canyon, AZ, but it wasn't hard to follow.  (Tip 1. At the time of writing this, the Google Maps location was a little off, but it wasn't hard to find on the Google map.)   The elevation doesn't change much on the walk to the hieroglyphics.  And it is hard to get lost as you can see for miles in any direction for most of the trail.  (Tip 2. Near the end, the trail peters off, but keep going and you'll find one or two pools of water depending on the season.)  There will be more petroglyphs than you an shake a stick at.  It is a really nice ending to a pleasant hike.However. . .(Tip 3. If you are more adventurous, you can scale one of the nearby ridges.)  There are no trails beyond the pools, so you will need to rely on your own route finding skills.  I believe that the guide book wanted us to proceed in the direction the trail left off down the valley and then bend up the right along a ridge line.  We took the left ridge, and walked straight up.  The views from the top are spectacular.  This is a good option if you are looking for something more than a family hike.  Again, you are unlikely to get lost as visibility is high in most directions.
5	GORGEOUS!!  Get your hike on and walk off all that Mexican food and cervezas you had!  Beautiful trail on the north edge of Gold Canyon.
5	Love this trail!  Hiked it a number of years back with my family.  The superstition mountains are beautiful and full of life.  Just remember to bring plenty of water to drink and some good shoes.  Also, don't forget your camera!  You are gonna want it.... don't use this address to get to the trailhead.  It will take you to a gated community.  Just keep going North on Kings Ranch Rd. and follow the little brown signs that say trailhead.
5	Nestled in the heart of the Superstition Mountains lies my favorite place to hike, the Hieroglyphic-Petroglyph trail. In the distance the Superstition's reflect the true definition of purple mountain majesties. Upon close glance the mountains are filled with scenery that's as pretty as a picture with scattered flowers, cacti that seem to be reaching for the sun (but beware of the jumping cactus balls, they'll get you) greenery as far as the eye can see with happy little trees and bushes that even Bob Ross would look down and smile upon. It's home to beautiful butterflies, dragonflies, scurrying lizards who join you on your hike,as if you were Snow White lost in the wilderness. The trails however rugged and some areas a bit washed away by the great flood of September, year 2014 are easy to climb and navigate. If you persevere to the end of the challenging terrain you're awaited by flowing waterfalls and crystal pools of water. Ok so it's not Mount Everest, the waterfalls are small, and the pools of water well are slightly cloudy but it is beautiful none the less. There are ancient petroglyphs to discover and probably a few new ones added by one's whose Mama's unfortunately didn't teach them any respect for nature. The best time of year to go is fall when it is just starting to cool down, and spring when nature's is in its full glory.  You can go off trail to challenge yourself and  reach greater heights(at your own risk of course) but others have stone tagged some areas so you won't have need be air rescued.  I've hiked both on and off trail  and have lived to Yelp about it. My Great Auntie, my Mama, my oldest girls and even my youngest who the other week said "it's so pretty it looks like a painting" have all enjoyed and survived this trail too. So my suggestion to you, if you love the outdoors, hiking and want to enjoy your view when doing it, pack a snack and head out East to the Petroglyph trail and go take a hike!
3	Fun hike up to hieroglyphics and a couple small pools. It keeps a steady, easy grade incline up to the top. Took us about an hour and a half round trip. Would love to see the pools during or after a rainstorm!
5	Love this trail. Had a friend visit from out of town and needed an afternoon activity. Saw the reviews and thought we should try it out, glad we brought water as its not too far at a slight incline (1-2 mi) but enough that water is nice to have. Cool to see hieroglyphics at the end and the water and enjoy the view!!! I'm adding this to my portfolio of places to see/do/take visitors!
