5	This place is great.  Honest, reliable, straight-forward.  My wife's SUV needed tires, an alignment, shocks and struts.  I got a couple of estimates and GB was right in line, if not slightly, below the others.   Although it took a bit longer than expected (changing the shocks and struts is a bit time consuming), it was worth the wait knowing it would be done right by honest people.You can't go wrong by having your car serviced here.  In the future, I will take all of our family cars to Griffin Brothers!
2	This place is great.  Honest, reliable, straight-forward.  My wife's SUV needed tires, an alignment, shocks and struts.  I got a couple of estimates and GB was right in line, if not slightly, below the others.   Although it took a bit longer than expected (changing the shocks and struts is a bit time consuming), it was worth the wait knowing it would be done right by honest people.You can't go wrong by having your car serviced here.  I previously rated this five stars but am reducing my rating to two.  The unfortunate thing is that the service and prices are fair; however, you cannot rely on the folks behind the counter in terms of keeping their promise on when your car will be ready.  I just took my daughter's car in for new tires, oil change and alignment.  I took the car in the evening before, called on the prior Wednesday to let them know I needed the service on Saturday, they promised twice the car would be ready by noon and when I arrived to pick it up shortly before 3:00, they still had not done the alignment.  This is the same thing that happened with my wife's car - promised to have it ready by a certain time, you show up and it is not ready.  Perhaps a letter to Larry Griffin, Jr. will make a difference?
1	Lack of knowledge to fix problems. If the computer cannot tell them, they are lost. I took my car three times... with every time they promised they fixed the issue. And guess what, I am still having the same problem... after spending $1,000 to get the problem "fixed".Perhaps they should stick to selling tires.
4	This must be the swankiest place I have ever gotten my oil changed! I also won their Facebook fan free oil change contest so what's not to love about that! They only tried to upsell me slightly when I got there :) Come on, it wouldn't be a car servicing without some what of an upsell. Free wifi, free coffee, free soda, kids play room, comfy chairs that are not sticky- not half bad! Not sure on the pricing since I only paid for a tire rotation. The wait was a bit on the long side for just an oil change even though I arrived shortly after 8 am- but the free wifi allowed me to work from the waiting room.
5	I brought  my mini van into the local dealer and they suggested that need a massive list of maintenance, all of which had already been done, all of which was viewable on my manufacturer's maintenance website for my mini van.I took my business to Griffin and haven't been disappointed yet. I am still a new customer, but so far they are honest, thorough, and funny.  I am glad I found these guys!
5	I love this place! I've been coming me for a few years now. They treat you like family here!
3	What's the point of making an appointment if the service being performed on your car still takes all day? I have been a loyal Griffin Brothers customer for years now so when it came time or my vehicle inspection of coarse I called and made an appointment. I dropped my car off at 8am. It is now 1130am and it is still not ready. Call and asked what was taking so long because I had an appointment. I was told that yes I had an appointment but since I dropped my car of instead of waiting for it service takes longer. What sense does that make??? This has made my 5 star rating drop down to 3 stars. I still trust these guy to perform the best service on my car but their customer service needs to pick back up!
1	I have been going to Griffen brothers for the past year and i initially had a good experience with tires being installed. But in the past months their customer service has dropped and they are caring less and less about their customers. I waited 3 hours for an inspection and had a scheduled appointment, only to come back and found out they needed to keep my car for the rest of the day with no advanced warning or notification of how "busy" they were. Also don't expect a nice conversation with the Management, David is a very rude individual and doesn't know how to handle customer service at all. An Inspection takes an hour, an alignment check takes at least 30 minutes even if your the first appointment. Getting tires put on? Save a good 3-4 hours of your day for that, or "drop it off" like they always recommend. So if you have an entire day to waste, time to get frustrated and want to pay too much for automotive repair, go to Griffen Brothers. If you want fast service, good prices, and friendly associates, go elsewhere. They have been rude to not only me, but other family members as well, so not an isolated incident. They have lost not only my business but i will not recommend them to anyone else in the future.
1	This place is awful. I dropped my car off on a Saturday afternoon and the guys told me it would be an hour to an hour and a half. I came back two hours later and they told me they hadn't even touched it and that they could move it to next in the rotation if I wanted them to. What I wanted was for them to have my car done and ready in an hour and a half. The older gentleman at the counter told me that I should have made an appointment instead. Because that apparently would have made some difference. I will never go back to this place, ever. Worst customer service.
