5	A great local train store My dad and I Have ben going since I moved here 20 years.
4	This place has been around for years. It's on the east side (right) of the street, a long gray building. The customer service is outstanding, very helpful and friendly. They also do maintainance and repairs on most train models. They really know their trains, what scale is best for what age, model differences, etc. And a huge selection of most scales. If you need train stuff go there!
4	Excellent railroad shop. I use them for terrain supplies as they seem to have the best selection in SE valley.
5	Really neat store for anything model train-related.  I have a 40-year old Lionel train that needed a part to work again - This store had the part, and the gentleman that was working there was extremely helpful and kind.Great place!
1	I bought a train set here for my son for Christmas.  He passed away due to cancer unable to use the train.  Roy's Train World would not take back the unopened train set.  Heartless.
4	Roy's Train World has a wide selection of O, S, HO and N gauge model trains, along with many hard to find books.Given our location in the southwest, they have a bunch of Union Pacific, old Santa Fe and Southern Pacific rolling stock and diesel engines, see photos.  But, they also have some Canadian Pacific, Penn Central, CTA and other lines as well.  Roy's will also take old model trains on consignment to sell.I have found Roy's to be a great toy train store, run by a very friendly, knowledgeable owner.  If you are making a trip to they Arizona Railway Museum in Chandler, I would recommend stopping here. If only to checkout the models of what you just saw in real scale.Enjoy!
5	Roy's Train World: A Main stay for any hobby shop.40 years of Model trains. Not to many places lastthis long. Our hats are off to the dedication andtime put fourth. We will all miss the shop indeed.Arizona has had a Great Hobby Shop for a longtime and we all thank them for there time & effort.A new shop has opened in Apache Junction calledObies Trains, they are located at 2114 W ApacheTrail suite 11, call them at 480-203-1796 . At thesame time Roy's was closing Obies Trains wasopening and neither Store new this. You can stillget your modeling items at Obies Trains and enjoythe fanstatic views of the Superstition Mnts. A coolPlace to visit.
4	Roy's Train World is now closed and was a main stay in Arizona for years.You can now go to Obies TrainsNEW LY ILocated at 2114 W Apache Trail inApache Junction, AZ 85120 Phone: 480-982-3178 for all your Hobbyneeds. You will find that Fred can get you what you need, Come on outand check them out they are recomended by Roy's.
