4	Xo Karaoke Room is awesome! You get your own private room....no one really bothers you...the hostess is attentive and polite. You can even get a cd of all your songs when you are done! If you haven't been you need to go and try it!
4	We hit up XO Karaoke room on Saturday night with a friend who used to live here in Vegas who was visiting for one of his friend's birthdays. This was the second time we've been to XO Karaoke. There were 6 of us, so the price was $25 per room per hour. The price changes depending on how many people are with you. Its $20 per room per hour for 1-4 people, and then goes up from there. They open up a bit early (around 7pm) and are open late (until at least 4am). The rooms are clean, and the couches are comfortable. It can get a little hot in the rooms during the summer, but they do have fans in the rooms. The song selection is pretty decent as far as the English songs. Lots and lots of pop, classic rock and standards. They do serve cold beverages and the prices are reasonable. The staff is very friendly and they offer recording if that is your style. This is a good place to have a great night out with friends.
5	XO accommodated a loud, rowdy group of 30 of us on a Saturday night.  The owners were super friendly and attentive.  They were feeding us shots on the house and just being generally awesome.  The karaoke machines are a bit difficult to use (unless you speak Korean) but just ask one of the owners for help and they'll show you which buttons to press.
4	Kind of out of the way, but not too many K-Karaoke places are closer!  The owners were super, super friendly and kept the place open as long as you were there.We had five people for two hours and it was $40, which is reasonable for Vegas--actually, it's reasonable for where I am from as well.$12 bottles of soju (she has a few different kinds)Free water as long as you're a paying customer.Also, just to top the evening off, when we asked for the owner to call us a cab, she got her husband to take us back to the hotel in their minivan (very nice and clean; nicest cab you will ever get in Vegas ^_^) for $20.I would definitely recommend hitting up this place--they have a pretty wide selection of K-Pop, J-Pop and regular old American Pop.Don't be afraid if you're not Asian, I guarantee you will like it.
4	If you love to sing and practice this place is the place to be! This place is cheap and a great hangout place and sing.For an hour I only paid 20$They also serve alchol their for those of you guys who need to be drunk to sing.. lolThe only thing i did not like about this place was it was so HOT! they were cooling the place with electric fans..But overall all i rate this place a 4 you can't complain cheap karaoke with drinks and your own private room cant go wrong with that..
2	If you really, really, really need to organize a group Karaoke session in Las Vegas, can't find another place to host it and your own home will not do, Xo Karaoke Room can service your needs.  However, be prepared for a very spartan, very weird and very alcohol-free evening.When you get to this place be prepared to have some initial trepidation about going in because the whole place has black-out windows similar to what you see at "massage" parlors.  I was half wondering if we were going to get mugged going into this place.Upon entry you will probably go from scared to underwhelmed as it kind of looks like a vet office inside.  There is pretty much no attention to anything resembling feng shui,  aesthetics or interior design in this place - it's 100% functional.  The private rooms basically have the Standard Issue Korean Karaoke box + mic, a TV, a table and a wrap around sofa.  That's it.  The song selection is also standard for those boxes - I love how "Perfect Day" by Lou Reed is always included and I always make sure to select it because the delta between the miserable domestic ennui in that song and the youthful melodrama of the Korean music videos is always L-O-L to me (probably only to me but hey, if you're going to make me endure the soulless, mind-numbing blight on our culture that is Katy Perry you're going to get some freakin' ice cold existentialism in return!) I had some Soju which was basically very sweet Sprite with about 0,01% alcohol content.  Seriously, I went through two bottles of it and didn't feel anything approximating a buzz (although I did start to have a sour stomach from all the high fructose corn syrup in those drinks!)Not recommended unless you're having a Karaoke emergency in which case set your expectations for uhhhhhhhh.
