4	My plus 1 got concerned about one of the actors at the Yelp horror party...that's a good example on how well committed the people inside here are. I got the sneak peak to it, and of course was not scary as the moving characters were around us all night. But for little ones or girls, this is a fun one (if you enjoy others being scared). A family project with lots of good jokes and automatic spooky things.
4	The "professional" scary people were very very believable. They were all mingling amongst the Yelpers during the event. Totally in the characters. The sneak peak to Monsterland was awesome. The place is based on movie themes: Jack the Ripper, Werewolves, etc.. Very well put together. The automatic spooky pop up were very detailed. The details are so realistic that we were not sure who was real or fake. It is going to jump or touch me? And that is only from the first level sneak peak. I can't imagine the basement or dungeon as they called it.
4	I went here for Grand Opening for a sneak peak. They had a minimum of $2.00 for admission in which part of the proceeds are being donated to a charity. There was a long line, but it flowed pretty smooth.  This was my first time ever going to a maze...wasn't quite too sure of what to expect. They did a great job with the graphics and how the place was decorated overall. There were people sneaking up on us and they totally got me. One guy got me good 3 times...I think they he thought I was a good target cuz I was such a scaredy cat. =o(Overall, it was done well and it was a great experience for my first maze.
2	We went last night for the $2 admission to their haunted house. We waited about an hour and a half in line. Pros: the sets were absolutely incredible. Really movie quality in a lot of places and just beautiful (but also kind of without rhyme or reason--if there's a theme, we didn't get it). Great for kids because there wasn't anything scary about it. But...Cons: there are steps, so half of it is not accessible, if that matters to you. And here's the real problem: it just wasn't scary. You walked through a bunch of different rooms, and some were really wide open (especially in the basement). And there was NOTHING going on. I thought maybe the actors were on break. Upstairs there was mostly animatronics (this is probably misspelled, but we mean to say, monsters being moved mechanically), not people or things that pop out at you. At one point we walked through a hallway with fake arms poking out at us, and we kept expecting one to be real. We were disappointed when nothing was. We walked through an Egyptian chamber with... nothing. And we walked through an ice room with... nothing. And we walked through a room with two immobile zombies DJing with... nothing. So if you think this will be like the Nest or the 13th Floor, you will be disappointed. And if you pay more than $8 for it, you'll be pissed off. But you can take kids because they'll see creepy things and not know what they're missing at the better haunted houses around town.
5	I am not a Haunted house person. They really scare me and i do not like to be scared. However, this one is quite different. They have a lot from different movie sets.  It is dark, but bright enough were you trip or get hurt.I have been to some places where you cannot see in front of you.. I did have a few small freights and a few bigger ones. But, since my boyfriend was there i felt OK.                                                                                                                            It smells clean,which may sound odd but, some of those places smell gross.                               I think that it is really good for older children as well. Maybe like 12 and up. Depending on the child of course.  Lots of parking in the back and at $2.00 very reasonable.  I highly recommend for your Halloween fun!
5	We came here the other night.  It was nice and cool outside which was great,since we were all dressed in costume.                                                       I like how they have you wait so everyone is not right next to  each other. We came in in groups of 4.          It was well done, and very clean. Set up very nicely. I thought it was a little scary here and there. My girlfriend was of course always scared,even though she tried not to be. It would be good for older children and it is only $2.00 to get it. Great place for a fun family night outing. I recommed it for sure.  Lots of parking in the back. Downtown Mesa is quite nice.
4	A bunch of us went on opening night for $2.  We waited about 2 hours roughly in line before getting inside.  I gotta say that the owners put a ton of money into this place and it definitely showed.When walking in your a shown to the right where to pay your fee to get in.  Afterwards you walk up to a guy who is just standing there and doesn't say a word.  At first you're thinking that he's supposed to escort you down.  no.. you just walk around him.   Upon entering you start seeing tons of animatronic figures and even some recognizable creatures from movies like American Werewolf In London and even Fluffy from Stephen Kings Creepshow.  I thought that was pretty cool.  Through out the place you visit various rooms with some real people and a ton of robotic types moving around.  I didnt get scared one bit.. visually, I thought the place was awesome.  Here are my pros and cons...Pros:Animatronics were very cool over all original.Tons of space to walk throughSuper cool and friendly staff.The museum part seems like it'll have great potential.Right down the street from everything cool in downtown Mesa!Cons:Price.. unless they change it up often, I see people complaining about the $22.The people working weren't scary.. some stood there and just stared at you.  A few of the props like the big dinosaur displayed the crane that was holding.A big dragon head (I called it skeleton Falcor) showed the guy operating it because of the light shining on it. If I had to suggest anything:People love seeing stuff the recognize from film.  I noticed that the wolf from American Werewolf was up high and darkened, so  you don't see it unless you look up and close.  If there's anything popular that will draw people.. light those things up some so they stand out. Id love to see more movie props once the museum opens up.  I heard the owner has a ton of props, so I'm looking forward to that.  When it comes to the haunted house part.. don't stop here.. keep coming up with ideas to creep people out.  I know I didn't get scared, but my girlfriend sure did.  Lots of jumping going on.I would definitely go back here once the museum part opens.  I think the price is a big much, but I will pay to see how it looks.  I enjoyed it and cant wait to see how this evolves.
5	A big group of us went to Monsterland last night. We had a great time. Our group consisted of kids (ranging in age 11-15) plus adults. A lot of the kids had never been to a haunted house before so they were a bit nervous. This is the perfect level of scary for those who are a little timid.The guy running the door gave us a discount because we were such a large crew. It wasn't crowded so they allowed us to go in all together. The actors were very good and very creepy. From the outside I was thinking that the venue wasn't large but half way through you are lead into the basement. So that right there doubled the size of the place. The owners put a lot of time, thought and money into this place. I was very impressed!I had a great time. For the price, it was worth it especially with the discount.
5	Nine out of Ten haunted houses are cheesy for adults. Nine out of ten haunted houses leave you laughing at the level of cheesiness. However, Monsterland is not nine out of ten haunted houses. Monsterland actually makes me squeal with haunted delight. The Monsterland creators really put some serious time, thought and love into their haunted house or as they call it, the horror museum. Each room has a different theme from the history of haunts. It starts with early century haunting with themes such as Phantom of the Opera and Dracula and moves on through the haunt with themes like the mad scientist and plenty of ghosts, goblins and creeps. I like this haunt because it was created with such care that it doesn't look cheesy as you walk through. The rooms are constructed well, it's dark and dreary, the mechanics are par with a scene from a movie and yes, they even have props from famous horror movies! But for me, the actors really make Monsterland stand out from all the rest. They hired real actors to fright the crowd and trust me, it's impossible to know when a real life actor is going to jump out and scare you. They hide throughout the haunt and make it appear to be a prop but *BOO* it's actual and actor! This is definitely a haunt worth checking out and I think old and young alike would like it. It's a great date night spots and worth taking kids too as long as they are old enough to realize it's all pretend. I can't wait to go back and visit the next phase when it turns into a horror museum that's open all year round!
1	Was invited to the @MonsterlandAZ grand re-opening. My roommate was the head chef, and had a table reserved for our party (30 people) for 7 PM.The problem centered around the GM arbitrarily deciding that our party was not on the list, despite being shown by multiple people that we were, and arbitrarily deciding that we could be shuffled down the priority chain.We agreed to wait for other tables to clear, and chose to move next door for drinks, while we waited for our table.By 10 PM we decided to eat at the restaurant next door.Myself and my friend left, but we learned that none of our party actually made it in to the venue, other than drinks.This was a gross display of poor customer service, and ridiculous favoritism on the part of the GM.I have not ever been, and will not ever go.
5	Thanks for the great service!! Ask for Trish or Charlie, they will show you what friendly service should be. Charlie was a great server and Trish went out of her way to make us feel welcome in our recent visit to AZ.
4	We celebrated my daughters 11th birthday at Monsterland last week and she had a blast! We went for dinner on a Wednesday night and made reservations in advance. All the kids dressed up as zombies for the occasion. Even though it was our servers first day on the job she did great! The food was average bar type fair, but I am a vegetarian so I did not try any of the meat times which I was told were good.  The homemade chips were yummy and the adults had a great time trying the different beers. I know we will be back, but next time it won't be with the kids, I want to see what this place has to offer at night!  Maybe I'll come in costume....
4	This was fun, fun, fun. I'm a horror lover and it was great to go to a place I felt like I wasn't a part of the desert and modern-day world outside. The food was tasty and fun, the server was super pleasant and friendly and service was quick. I will likely go back for my next birthday.
5	We went on Saturday May 26th, for the first time.  I thought it was pretty cool to walk through the haunted maze to get to the restaurant.  Then we were seated right away. LOVED the way the place is decorated.  It made for a very fun environment.  Next, time to order.  I ordered the steak salad, all I can say is, OMG, not only was the portion huge, but the salad was amazing.  The steak was tender and cut into small enough pieces I didn't need a knife.  The dressing was really awesome, I love vinegarette type dressings anyway, but this was great!My friend ordered the chicken sandwich, he said it was the best one he had ever had.  The potato chips were homemade and not soggy.  Then the band started, the Keltic cowboys, they were awesome.  We had such a great time, I just can't wait to go back.  Yes, it was noisy and hard to talk, but I think that is what made it so much fun.  Reading some of the other reviews, I can't wait to try some of the other foods mentioned!!Give it a try, I totally recommend it.
5	Yesterday I and my 14/16th (inside joke) came here to eat. He is very into skulls and monstery type stuff. We had a great time. The decor was pretty cool, I mean it's not like you are in horror movie with super amazing special effects, but there are some pretty cool special effects. We went for lunch and the music was jat just the right level. We could hear it over the talking but didn't have to yell or compete over it. We were greeted with a smile and friendly staff. We had a blonde waitress (Not sure what her name was but) she was just okay. I think she may need more training. She stood around talking with other waitresses a few times. I forgot to request my chicken sandwich without the pepper aioli on it, the waitress finally came over and I asked her to see if it was too late to have it taken off. She came back and said there is a pepper sauce not peppers on the chicken sandwich. I asked her to have it made without it. She said she thought it was too late but that she would check than went to another table and took their order. She brought us out our food without saying anything. There was the pepper aioli on mine but I wiped it off. I LOVED the food, the appetizer was delicious. I think he may have actually licked the basket had there been sauce left in it. I was pleasantly surprised not only was the chicken sandwich an actual chicken breast (not processed meat) but it was so juicy and not at all dry. The roll it was on was a rosemary bun, I liked it; it was soft and yummy.  He got the King Kong Burger. It was probably the best hamburger we have ever had (I had to take at least one bite to try it). He ordered his medium and it was cooked perfectly. The burger was so juicy, the cheese was good and the bacon cooked to perfection. The fries were very good and were plentiful.  We couldn't finish all the fries because we were so full. The lemonade was great not to sweet not to sour, just the right combo. The price was reasonable. 1 chicken sandwich (with fries), 1 king kong burger (with fries), 2 drinks, and an appetizer cost us less than $30.  We enjoyed the food and atmosphere so much we are actually taking our kids (ages 2 &9) to have dinner at Monsterland tonight. Monsterland is now part of our weekly family date nights.
3	Was so excited when I learned of this concept restaurant that was open in Mesa! I wasn't sure if it was a year round haunted attraction, or a museum or just food since there are a few different things written about it on the internet. I think their goal is to have it be a year round haunted attraction and/or museum eventually. For now, when you enter, you walk through a really dark maze with monster animitronics. Its a cool vibe. There weren't any real actors in it now for the month of June, but the build up and atmosphere was pretty cool. We got seated within a few minutes. It was really cool looking around and seeing all of the decorations. There wasn't really a specific theme, it was a lot of monsters. There were a few movie monsters throughout, and then some basic monsters as well both mixed in. The decor and feeling is awesome for any horror fan. The menu is pretty basic. The waitress said they had just changed  the menu a few days prior. I ordered the stake, my mom got the swamp thing and fritters (fried fish cod) and husband got a hoagie sandwich, daugther and her friend both got the King Kong. We ordered the onion strings for appetizer. From the time we ordered, it took about 20  minutes to get the appetizer. The appetizer was cold. About 35 minutes later our dinner came, and it was warm and fine. The wait for food was super long, and the restaurant was filled but there aren't to many tables in there. The animitronics went on every 10 minutes or so and was cool. The atmosphere was really, really cool and I can tell they are still in the growing stages. The food was not great, but it wasn't bad either. The wait time for the food was a bit on the loonngg side, however with the atmosphere you had alot to look at so it helped a bit. We will definitely go back again in October. They said they have a dungeon, underground from restaurant is the haunted house that will open in October and you will be able to watch other people going through it while you eat in October, which sounds cool. As an avid horror fan, I can see the direction they are wanting to go and I appreciate it. The decor and feel is really cool in there, I love that I can go there in June and see all the horror. The food needs some work and the wait time definitely needs improvement. The staff was super nice though and were encouraging our return and really saying next time it would be better, so I think they are aware of the kinks that need to be worked out and are working on it. We will definitely go back, and its definitely a place any horror fan should go to.
4	First of all, let me say I love the decor/theme. We are Halloween fanatics, and it is nice to see a place that celebrates the holiday all year long. We are also beer lovers, and I think it is great that they feature all LOCAL craft beers on draft. We went for Happy Hour. Great deals--half off many apps and $1 off draft beers and well drinks. We had the Children of the Corn, which are corn fritters (aka hush puppies) with an amazing aoili. We also had the Twister, a pretzel with bratwurst and ground mustard. My husband had the fish and chips (Swamp Thing and Fritters) which was also very good.We sat at the bar, and had great service. Andy, the day bartender, really knows the beers they feature and some great combinations. I am not a sweet beer person, but I am telling you to try the white chocolate beer. It is so tasty, and much lighter than you would expect.Try this place. It is something unique and interesting in plain white T Mesa.
1	If I could give this place less than one star I would - horrible service and they kept people waiting for over 1/2 hour with about 10 tables open. We finally left in frustration an went to the Mexican restaurant down the street - should have started there and skipped this place all together.
5	We visited on Opening Night to HUGE crowds and amazing scenes of Horror! Our crew of about 17 hung out on the patio and had some drinks and checked out the layout and sets - TOP NOTCH!!Last night we visited for some food... from Chicken Sandwiches to the Stake, all the food was really really good. Do I sound surprised , kinda, most bars these days are all about the stuff it in a fryer and throw it down with some ranch dressing. Monsterland takes the time to prepare all their food from scratch and it shows in the quality and taste! Make sure you try the desserts!!!Great job guys , we had a blast, even though we live in the Arrowhead area, well worth the drive and time. The sets and Haunting Decor are amazing!!Chambers of Fear Haunted House supports our friends at Monsterland, you should too!
4	I like this place so much!  It's fun, the food was tasty, and the monstrous decor most certainly appeals to my Halloween-loving nature.  I love that they carry a large variety of local beers.  We were only there for lunch, so I'd like to see how it lights up at night.  They have a dog-friendly back patio too.
5	A horror themed bar and grill?! What could be better?! For someone who loves all things Halloween and horror... nothing! I just had to go. I went with my husband for happy hour today (Wednesday). I wasn't really expecting much beyond the typical bar fare as far as the food went, but it was half off select appetizers, so what the heck. We ordered the Wicker Man, A Casket of Chips, and a Twister to split between the two of us. I have to say I enjoyed everything! I am a very picky eater and usually I am happy to find one thing that I like, but to like everything I ordered?! Wow! The drinks that we had were good as well. Their signature drinks aren't part of the happy hour deal, so we ended up paying regular price. I had a Swamp Water and hubby had a Wolfsbane which were both good. He then went on to have the beer sampler and he let the bartender pick the beers for him. He recommends the Snake Charmer. If the appetizers were that good I can't wait to go back and try one of their Sand Witches or Burgers.On a side note I love that they have family events on some Saturday afternoons including a Family Dance party and costume contest and Family Scareoke. As a mother of a 5 year old it is really nice to find places we all can enjoy.
5	Monsterland is a unique and fun place to enjoy drinks, food and a great atmosphere.  The food is good and the staff are very friendly and helpful.  The decor is a dream come true for all the monster lovers in AZ.  Thank you Monsterland for bringing a new and exciting desination to Arizona.
4	this is a great themed club and is a treat for anyone who likes monsters.  i felt like a kid in a candy store when i first walked into the club.  i have been there twice now and both times i had fun and enjoyed the people there.  i have been told it is kid friendly during the day also.  love this place and will come back for more
5	All I'm gonna say is awesome I love this place and if you love Halloween you need to check it out it will be well worth your time!
4	Fun restaurant with great horror props!  Went for a couple of drinks and a appetizer.  Casket of chips is a tasty appetizer.  We had the swamp water, and the berry scary for drinks.  Both were tasty.  Next time we will try the rest of the menu.  Very great concept.  I hope the restaurant continues to shine!
4	Haunted house themed pub above a haunted house.  While the haunted house is open only a few months a year this place will hopefully be opened year round.  Get the Bat Wings.  They have some busy burgers - perhaps too many good things mixed together make it less than great.  I hope they focus on the kitchen - they can own the nearby university if they had smoked wings instead of fried - no one has that around here.
3	Ehhh, I SO wanted to like this place.  I heard about it through a friend and everyone else started talking about it so I got curious and finally made it out tonight.  It was literally like eating smack in the middle of Spirits Halloween Store.  A lot of animatronic ghouls that were actually kind of neat but to maintain the spooky factor, they lacked on lighting. I couldn't read the menu without the glow of my cellphone, so if you like to do that and have fantastic eyesight unlike myself, this won't be a problem for you. (I also forgot my glasses. Double score.)The limited menu offered few options but I'm not going to say anything about the food other than the Monsterland Burger was pretty decent. I didn't understand the homemade potato chips, though. Not a whole lot going on there. I would have preferred french fries but since that wasn't an option, it was easier to cut a few calories.  We also had the Bat Wings, demon flavored... the fried, extended appendage of a chicken corpse.  No legs, just wings... but the name warned me so I blame nobody but myself.Things I also didn't like that totally weren't their fault: Waitress' first day and a little wet behind the ears but no ones mad about it. You progress and learn things along the way.  It did take 10 minutes to split the bill on 2 different cards because of a system error. Her trainer should have been a little more attentive and the woman who identified herself as manager could have presented herself better than to wear short shorts and weird slipper booties on her feet. It was also Trivia Night... again, if you like that stuff and nothing about it annoys you, you will enjoy it.  I hate leaving bad reviews unless my experience was absolutely horrible but Monsterland is schtick and the novelty wears off really quickly. So honestly, make it out at least once before it... isn't there anymore.
5	This was definitely an awesome experience! Crystal and I were debating on who was going to enter the restaurant first.. lol. I loved the food, the decor rocked, and the service was exceptional. I love the fact that they are supportive of keeping everything local. I would gladly recommend to friends and family.
3	I wanted to go here for SO LONG..... So when I finally got to go we really appreciated the ambiance. The food however was meh.The pizza was burnt, the fried whatever they were were swimming in grease and overcooked. I got a salad that was pretty much out of a bag and kinda wilty. BUT the soup was AMAZING. By friend got a burger that he liked but it wasn't cooked to order, so we wondered why they asked.I wont go out of my way to return again however the environment was fun, kinda like a horror set/haunted house.I think its ok for bigger kids but it may freak out some of the younguns. Maybe take bitty wheebles for a walk thru before you condemn them to sit through dinner with ware wolves, corpses and cave trolls staring at them.
5	I'm all about different experiences! Halloween all year long. I would for sure bring my kids here, they'll have a good time with the ambiance. Coming back for sure for Halloween for the haunted house. Theres also a bar and good food with cool names like child of the corn. I loved the child of the corn which was battered corn balls fried, yum! The salad was amazing along with the burger!! yummy will be back oct or for their themed parties over the weekend.
4	I visited MonsterLand Bar and grille on a Saturday night with the cast of my improv team, we went after shows and had a blast.  Really Fun Unique atmosphere for a bar that is desperately needed in DOWNTOWN Mesa.
4	THANK YOU Monsterland! Mesa is starting to get hip and normal. Who doesn't want Halloween available all year round? I LOVE that you have live music, that your waiters play dress up, and that your menu stays consistent with your spooky themes. The Dr. Jekyll chicken sandwich is so tasty...well actually everything I've tried has been tasty so far! May I suggest that you turn on a few more lights so we can read the menu better, and where are your bathrooms??You have a fan in me! I will keep spreading the word!!
5	Amazing decor and surprisingly good food.
3	I have to say I was a little hesitant about my first monsterland visit, My girlfriend and I had stopped into MIlano Music to get a Guitar tuned and she had raved about the Chicken Sandwich at Monsterland, so I suggested we go.The Foyer/Entrance is very unique, classic monsters and I was pretty nervous someone would jump out at me :)Once the host had seated us, (wait wasnt bad, there was a brief lunch rush, so it was a few minutes) Table set was perfect, untensils were clean and the waitress was fairly prompt with service, she offered drinks from the bar. There different spices on the table one was a cheddar, dill pickle, habanero cheddar and some other one. Two were labled two werent. We looked through the menu which was very "diner"-Like. It didnt look bad, but nothing really stood out. Some of the names were creative, others weren't. We ordred the Casket of Chips and the Children of the Corn, The Chips could have been hot, they looked homemade, but the fact that they were cold kinda put me off, They could have tossed them under the heat lamp or in the oven for a few minutes. "The Children of the Corn" Fritters were pretty tasty.I had the Green Chile Chicken Soup (Green Slime) it was very tasty and my girl loved the chicken sandwich for the second time.The lighting was too low, it made the menu hard to read.The live music was a nice, the radio was too loud when it was on. I liked that the servers were able to pick and dress how they choose, its a nice touch. For a new Restaurant I would have expected the Manager to make a stop by the table to make sure the experience was good. All in all I will come back and continue to try more items. Its nice to see unique places popping up on Main Street.
5	I came here with my 2 brothers and my husband last week for an early birthday dinner.  All three of us have birthdays in the same week; clearly our parents mating habits were pretty predictable.  We were blown away at the decor, the food and the service.  OUTSTANDING!Let me start with the decor, the place is fabulous and very well designed.  The displays are creepy and high quality, and the lighting is good.  The only possible suggestion I would add to the way the restaurant is laid out is for the management to consider creating walls to make the seating area a little less cavernous and open.  There needs to be a way to break up that huge, open feeling and make it cozy.Anyway, I digress.We were served by a young man named Eddie and he was the BEST server that I have had in years, possibly ever.  He was friendly, knowledgeable and super attentive, but not 'in our faces' and annoying. He is as well trained to what a 'good server' needs to do (and when) as the highest paid server in the most high falutin' restaurant in all of Fancy Land!!  Kudos to such an outstanding example of what a server should do, the management needs to reward him for being so awesometastic.Okay, the food was ah-maaaaazing.  Now I was like the other reviewer who said they only had so-so expectations for the food, because it is a theme place and to be honest, you are *really* going for the experience in a theme place...kinda like how a certain unnamed HUGE Mexican themed restaurant in Denver was caught serving Alpo dog food (years ago) yet people still ate it and came there.  Yuck. They came for the experience, not the top notch food.  Man was I wrong about Monsterland; DEAD wrong.  The food was outstanding; I mean it.  We started our dinner with appetizers.  We got a Children of the Corn fritters, and a Casket of Chips.  Both were delicious.  The fritters were a pillowy light, hot fried fritter with of sweet potato and corn deliciousness.  And the Casket of Chips was a delicious, hot pile of homemade potato chips smothered with an assortment of yumminess; it was kinda dark so I couldn't see what the toppings were, just that my tongue was happy, and it was drizzled with a intriguing creamy sauce that we couldn't identify, but loved nevertheless.I had a Swamp water cocktail and it was utterly fantastic.  It was a intoxicating blend of coconut, pineapple and rum all swirled together in a pretty blue potion that went down FAR too easily.   My entree was The Stake and it was fabulous.  The meat was oh-so tender and seasoned perfectly, and it had the PERFECT side-fat sear.  Ohmidog, so good; I swear to you, it is 8:30 in the morning and I am already wishing I could be eating another Stake right now!  It was served with roasted, seasoned veggies and I was pleased to see that they even included sweet potatoes in the roasted veggies.  You don't see that too often, they usually throw together a few yellow and green squash and maybe carrots, but not here, they went the extra vegetable-mile.My younger brother and husband both had a Flying Saucer pizza on a herbed foccacia bread crust; I tasted it and it was delicious!  The cheese was gooey, melty deliciousness, the tomatoes slices were sweet and tender and the bread was perfectly seasoned and soft.  YUM-O!  My older brother had the HUGE Monsterland Burger and I didn't hear ANY complaints from him.  It's hard to talk when your mouth is crammed full of delicious burger...We all shared a Gooey Eyeball creme brulee, and a coffee flavored Panna Cotta (forgot its spooky name ) for dessert and both were delicious.  My one teeny, tiny draw back was that the creme brulee was a little too dense for my tastes, but it still tasted wonderful.Our server brought us some boxes to take what we couldn't finish and he gave us each a discount card for 15% off on future visits on wed & thurs..  (SCORE!!)  I'll add that when I got home my teenage daughter 'gleeped' my leftover steak and veggies as soon as I walked in, and she raved and raved about how yummy it was.  In fact, a couple of days ago she asked me to run over to Monsterland and pick her up a Stake.  I patiently explained to her that we live in downtown Phoenix and Monsterland is in downtown Mesa and there was NFW I was driving clear across town to get her a Stake at 9 PM at night.  (Now I may drive clear across town to get ME a Monsterland Stake... *wink* )At some point I used the ladies room and it was spotless.  You could probably eat off the floor (Although I STILL wouldn't recommend it; figure of speech and all.)I love this place.  I am picky as hell, I really am.  I love it here.  I want to go back RIGHT NOW.  Tomorrow is my birthday, I think I better warn my husband now where he's taking me for dinner tomorrow night...    *drool*PS: This place *may* be too scary for some wee kids.  My 6 year old son would probably crap his Wonderoos and then run screaming for his tiny life.
4	This place specializes in burgers.  But they aren't ordinary burgers.  They're gourmet burgers prepared in different ways.  They also have some vegetarian fare.  We tried two of their appetizers, and they were really good!  The Children of the Corn fritters were excellent!  I had the Hyde burger which is made from pork, and it was wonderful too!  I believe the chicken sandwich is the Jekyll (though I'm not there now, so I might be wrong!).Apparently this place was once a haunted house.  They have kept that motif, and their menu items are named after horror movies (e.g. Hyde burger, Children of the Corn fritters, etc).  It's not really very scary, the wait staff isn't dressed up, and they have rock music in the background (it would be nice if they changed it to something a bit more thematic to the motif).  It's just fun.  A tad pricey, but fun.  And very very good food.Apparently after 9pm they have "scareoke" night...  :-)
4	I went here for a friend's birthday several weeks ago and I am just now getting around to writing the review.  I think I needed some time to gather my thoughts because this is not your everyday bar & grill.To get the full monster effect, you can enter thru the entrance facing Main Street where you will go thru a long, dark hallway filled with various scary creatures before you get to the hostess stand. If you are a haunted house fan, this is the way to go. Otherwise, if you go thru the other entrance, you walk in right next to the bar. From this vantage point, it almost might be considered just a goth bar with some gory decor rather than a horror museum.  We arrived early before the rest of our party so my husband and I spent some time at the bar hanging out.  The bartender was super friendly and let us sample some of the various craft brews they had on tap, all of which were from Arizona!  How awesome is that!!Once we were all seated and I got a chance to observe the various anamatronica that sporadically activated with motion and sound effects, I came to the realization that this is basically a Chuck-E-Cheese for adults.  What, why adults?  Your kids like monsters plenty you say?  Well in spite of the recent trend of parents dragging their kids to bars now that smoking has been banned at those establishments, not every place is automatically kid friendly. Don't get me wrong, there were a few kids in our party and plenty at other tables ranging from elementary school age to teenagers.  But the younger ones were all scared and uncomfortable and the older ones were all bored and thought the whole thing was a big joke.  I just don't think kids will get anything out of this place at all.  It might be a little different during the day... I don't know...For adults however, it is another story.  Fantastic bar with great drink specials, servers in sexy angels and demons outfits, and a cool elevated stage with great live music.  Its a recipe for a pretty good bar... and if you happen to be a horror/monster fan then its a recipe for a really great bar.  Notice up until now I haven't mentioned the food.  Well, since we were a big group we ordered almost everything on the menu and it was a bit hit or miss.  The general consensus seemed to be burgers=good, salads=bad and the only appetizer that was worth ordering was the Children of the Corn.Definitely worth a visit.  I know my explanation is not doing it justice because it is such an unusual place.  You just have to see it for yourself.
4	Went here last night with friends. We originally were just going to meet for cocktails, but we ended up ordering food and I am SO GLAD that we did. All the food is local, all the BEER is local too! The food was AMAZING. We have the shrimp appetizer and the chicken wings, and my boyfriend had the bacon cheeseburger. All of our food was top notch. Hands down the best shrimp EVER!With food like that, I'd love to see more main courses that aren't burgers and sandwiches, or maybe some chef specials??? The only thing that I didn't like was some of the cheesy titles for the food. The cheesy titles for the drinks were cute, but I'm not going to order "Bat Wings" instead of chicken wings. And coasters would be nice too.
5	Hats off to this restaurant and hats off to the owners for continuing with this concept.  We went to monsterland last Halloween when it was a haunted house/museum and we thought it was really well done - but I like it as a restaurant so much better.  This could have very easily been cheesey but its not the quality of the sets is amazing and the atmosphere is amazingly cozy and romantic for a place covered in horror  props. It took us a while to get a table because they had a band about to start and no one was leaving but the staff worked rally hard to get us a spot. The bartender Cole is great, I like my drinks on the girly side and he recommended the swamp water which was really good.  Our waiter Eddie was awsome considering how busy the place was he was very nice and helpful.  The surprising plus was the food -it was alot more upscale than I was expecting (not your typical bar food) we had the Children of the Corn fritters and The Casket of Chips  (which is homemade potatoe chips covered in chipotle aioli, feta cheese, rosted red peppers and scallions) and both were delicious. The entertainment was an awsome Rock-a-billy band which was really fun.  The "rooftop" balcony stage is awsome you can see it from the whole restaurant.  We will definately be back.
4	we had a great time!  good live music, good shot specials, nice beer menu, and a comfortable patio.  We will be back for sure.   Fyi:   service is supper good and place Is supper clean
2	Okay, Monsterland. I've been here 3 times and it's time for things to get organized.1st time: waited in line for 2 hours and we were only able to go to the bar. We were planning on eating but saw that no on had been served yet. It even took forever at the bar to get any type of service. Several friends were so irritated by the poor service that they decided not to buy anything or spend money there. It was shocking to me to wait in line for two hours and then see that most of the restaurant tables were empty. I decided not to come back to Monsterland unless I had a really good reason.2nd time: yelp elite event. Food was amazing, service was wonderful, and staff seemed like they were really trying to turn things around. I was excited to bring people back since it seemed that Monsterland was really invested in customers and salvaging their reputation. 3rd time: our server was kind but forgetful and slow. We waited 15 minutes for drinks, 20 min to have our orders taken, and about an hour for food. We were often without water and I had to chase our server down several times for things like napkins or our bill. He did apologize for the delay in getting things but when I looked around the restaurant, it wasn't that busy. There were plenty of staff to wait on the 12 or so tables in the restaurant. Food: not bad but not great. The hot wings are  TOO HOT. They are impossible to eat. Friends were unimpressed with their burgers and fish. Moral of the story: I've given Monsterland a fair shot and I'm still not impressed. The yelp elite event was wonderful but maybe a fluke. If I hear that things are better and service is prompt, maybe I'll be in again. Otherwise, I probably won't be around Monsterland without some coercing. I know that none of my friends will be eager to come back either.
2	I almost wanted to give it a 3 star rating but that's only because it's my first time here so the originality of the environment is very intriguing. However, the food is mediocre and the service is less than. Very well intentioned staff but they need to get their act together. Slow seating despite plenty of open tables. Nice waiter but long wait for the food, drink refills and check ups.
4	I've been here twice now. Once for a Yelp Event, and again for lunch with the family. I KNEW my older daughter (the horror movie lover) would enjoy this place. I was right. The atmosphere is fun, with plenty to look at. Including the football game on the HD projector. The tables are a bit small for 4 people, but we made due. I had the Green Monster salad, and it was a huge salad and very tasty. Service was quick, but then again it wasn't very busy on a Sunday afternoon. They are planning several events so I hope that brings them business. Perhaps the light rail coming their way will help too. It's unique and I'd hate to see it go. There isn't a place like it around here, especially in DT Mesa!
2	I went here during the summer, and I loved the concept. I especially like that this is one of the only bars on Main St. in downtown Mesa, right near the Nile Theater. On a Saturday night there was no cover. The decor was awesome, super creepy horror critters all around. My complaint was with the drink prices and the music. A jack and coke was 8 bucks, and a Blue Moon was 7 bucks! That's for a standard  size too, more or less a pint. The music that night was awful; 90's and early 2000's rehash from the DJ and boy did it kill the atmosphere. I would definitely check this place out again, maybe by now they worked out all the kinks.
4	LOVED the theme! Delighted with the decor, it scared the hell out of my kids. The waitresses/barmaids were cute but our waitress was a bit slow and unattentive. The food was above-average for your typical American fare. Wish there was a menu for their house drinks (Berry Scary, etc.) Felt the prices could have been better but it did include a mini-museum. Will definitely be going back for nighttime events like "Scareaoke" on Thursday night.
4	i can't say anything that hasn't already been said. this place is really entertaining. (it briefly scared the hell out of our 6-year-old.) the food is decent -- definitely better than we expected. i just wish it wasn't in mesa. why is it in mesa?
1	Make sure to check your bank account after visiting monsterland. You may find an extra $51.54 charged to your account accompanying the run-around from the managers as to why and how to get your money back. Shady
4	Restaurant up top, haunted house below. I absolutely love halloween, and absolutely hate being scared. Enter Monsterland: the scaredy cat friendly establishment. Now, i'm not saying that it's not scary. In order to get to the restaurant you have to walk through an mini maze of haunted creatures and blind turns. But nothing is going to come at you. I think. The restaurant is pretty chill. A big room with castle decor framing it, with props, anamontronics, the whole deal. Again, while the anamontronics go off at random intervals, you're pretty safe while eating. And the last and best part for a scaredy cat? They have belt/sign/thingie that you can wear in the haunted house that signals to the actors that you have a more delicate constitution. It's mainly for kids, but they won't judge the adult that choses to wear it. It actually has me tempted to brave the downstairs. As far as the restaurant, there's a great selection of creative dishes fitting the monster theme, all expertly prepared and locally sourced. I'd like to emphasize the creative aspect, Monsterland is always looking to try something new, and gladly accepts customer suggestions. My recommendation: the chips, which i know- weird thing to really love but they were amazing. Made from scratch, with different powders that you can add to them, and a little bit of a kick. Delicious. The idea of ordering a thing of chips at a restaurant seems a bit odd, but trust me these chips are amazing.
1	Monsterland you make me sad and confused...I called here on October 3rd about 1 PM to inquire about bringing 25 +/- of my software engineers here for lunch.  I was prepared to spend several hundred dollars on my corporate credit card to give my staff a nice pre-Halloween lunch.  I love this place and I love showing it off to new people.Well, the phone rang and rang and rang and finally went to a voicemail that was full so I couldn't leave a message.  (WTF?  Nobody is answering the phone or checking the voicemails?)So I got on their website and sent an email to the restaurant's 'contact us' email address asking if someone could please call me so I could make a reservation.  A few minutes later I got an email from an employee named Kristy Smith in Marketing who said that they were booked solid for parties for the WHOLE ENTIRE MONTH of October.  Call me a bit of skeptic, but how can a restaurant that is closed on Mondays and Tuesdays be booked solid for five days a week from 11 AM to close for the ENTIRE month of October?  I can definitely imagine that they're busy as all get out right now, but booked completely solid for a whole month?  Really?  To be fair she did say we could try to come and just squeeze in wherever we could be seated, but I'm of the mind that if you can find a way to fit 25 extra people in here or there, you can *probably* also find a way to push those tables and seats together into a group with little effort.  Being the person paying the check, it makes sense to want your group together, not shotgun blasted across the restaurant.  Otherwise it's just a confusing mess with a potentialy messed up check, and there is no group interaction...So I replied and asked her if she meant booked solid for lunches, or dinners, or both?  And she replied that they were booked solid for BOTH.    O_o  Wow, seriously???  That's GREAT news for you guys!!!  Maybe seeing as how popular Monsterland is becoming (thanks in all part to Yelpers like me who extol the virtues of this restaurant to almost anyone who'll listen) you guys should (at least though the whole month of October) open an hour early, or maybe even consider being open 7 days a week this month, so you can accommodate all the extra business that wants to give you several hundred dollars at a time?  This is THE month that people are most likely looking for spooky dining, so I would think this is the best time to maximize your profit potential, no?I was really, really looking forward to treating my staff to a fun, Halloween lunch and I foolishly even told them I would try to set it up this month before Halloween...  Now I feel like a weenie because I already got their hopes up and now I have to tell them that it isn't gonna happen after all.  Wonderful...Monsterland, I really, TRULY am thrilled that you guys are getting more and more popular, but it sucks (like a starving vampire) that a huge fan like myself can't bring you 25 potential new fans AND spend a big old wad of money in your establishment this month.  :(
5	The service was quick and attentive and the food was delicious.  We all enjoyed the monsters and overall theme.  Very creative.  Mesa needs more of these niche businesses.
4	Took the birthday boy out for a night of spooky food and drinks. We had a really good time. For being that close to halloween, it wasn't over packed. We waited 20 minutes for a table inside..but there were places at the bar and the patio. We decided to wait, because all the monsters and goings on were there. We spent the 20 minutes buying drinks at the bar and walking around taking photos with the monsters. We sat outside for a bit to watch the people going through the haunted house and getting scared. Jason Vorhees was walking around the entire time making people feel scared and/or uncomfortable. Win.I had heard from friends that the food wasn't that good, but I ordered the Dr. Jeckyll Chicken Sandwich, and loved it. It was soo good.How can you even go wrong with bacon, red pepper aoli, avocado, pepper jack cheese, tomatoes, and a toasted bun?!At 9 we were at a pretty good table, so we stayed for the karaoke. Lots of people doing different music.All in all, it might be more exciting for some around Halloween, but for us it was a really good time.....anytime!
5	Halloween happy hour left us ecstatic.  Our sassy waitress Alexis, was masterful at getting our (7peeps) orders in for food and drinks by the cut off time of 6:00pm.  We arrived at 5:30 (they don't take reservations) and did not get seated till 5:58.  Not a problem, as we enjoyed the attentive/mechanical monsters surrounding us.   As teachers, after a long week, we are ready to relax and laugh.  A distance for us, but well worth the journey.   Our 4 $3 appetizers arrived quickly; all delish. Entree's amazing (you can read other posts on food details) and chef even split my monsterburger order on two plates!   It was tapping for pumpkin spice night, a Fall fave beer at our table.  One of the folks asked to have check split into 5 reciepts.  Alexis didn't blink, and willingly obliged.   Took some time to return bills, but with good news.  She said the manager comped our apps. due to the unusual bill, which divided each item into small increments, very spooky.  ie $3 drink listed 10 times for .30.  Just a minor error that paid off well for us.    Alexis was VERY attentive and patient with our table.   We all left in a much better mood than when we arrived.  Thank you Monsterland staff for setting the tone for our weekend.
1	I am thoroughly pissed off with this place.My boyfriend and I bought 4 tickets for the Halloween party.Website said the party was till 1 am.We arrived at 11:30, got our will call tickets, and was told the party was over, and that we needed VIP tickets to get in. The website said nothing about this, and we ended up leaving completely disappointed and ripped off. What a waste of time and money!
3	Went here for lunch.  The atmosphere is cool, like eating at the Crypt Keeper's living room, except that he broke down and bought a flat screen TV to catch the latest football game in HD.  Everything except the breakfast menu is monster/horror themed, and the breakfast menu on Sundays runs until 2 P.M., a nice perk for those that are late risers.  Prices for breakfast will run around the 7-8 dollar range, unless you get steak and eggs, which is $14.  We ordered a myriad of dishes, and started with the Children of the Corn fritters.  They were probably the best part of my meal.  They were kind of like a cross between a falafel and a hush puppy, filled with corn and a sweet potato batter, deep fried, and coated with a garlic sauce.  I had the Sasquatch (veggie sandwich), which was decent, and made with fresh veggies, but it was a little bland.  Also, the sandwich bread was cut unevenly so that the lower half was very thin, which made the bottom half of the sandwich very soggy as the juices from the veggies seeped into the bread.  As a result I had to turn the sandwich upside down to eat it.  I had a bite of the breakfast burrito ($8), which was OK, but nothing too special.  It was basically a diner-style breakfast plate with eggs, potato, bacon, wrapped in a tortilla.  For half the price, I could get an excellent breakfast burrito, at say, Los Favoritos.  We had a little tyke in our group and she had a chicken fingers basket, which came in a huge portion, almost like an adult size portion!  All our meals came with freshly made chips, which were huge slices of potato, light and crispy.The outdoor patio looks nice and shaded, and they allow dogs on the patio!  It's more of a regular restaurant feel outside, so if you want the creepy cool monster experience, eat indoors.  I'd say for the most part, go here for the atmosphere more than for the food, unless you want to get a few appetizers to share.Another thing to note (Which may be self-evident), if your tyke doesn't like scary movies or haunted houses, it's perhaps best not to take him or her here for the indoor part of the restaurant.  We were seated next to the animatronic Grudge monster (A giant troll-like monster with sharp pointy teeth!) and the 5 year old in our group was really freaked out by it and kept repeating that she was scared and never wanted to eat here again. : p
4	amazing!!!!! cool atmosphere, great food (we had the monster burgers and children of the corn) and the most amazing service we have had in quite some time. Obviously it was our first time because we were oogling over the decor, so our server offered to show us around and told us some cool info/background on the restaurant. Top Notch service, he even brought us cups of h20 to go after we declined ordering a 2nd beer because we were driving. Extremely attentive. The only suggestion I would have made would be to keep the haunted house open the weekend after halloween (we really wanted to see it) and to lose the football on the tvs. horror films without too much gore would have fit the atmosphere so much better. We cant wait to bring friends back to Monsterland! its only a matter of time before some television show features this restaurant, its that awesome!
5	OMG OMG OMG OMG!!This place is where I want to throw my bday party, anniversary party (if I ever get married), childrens bday parties ( if I ever had lil nuggets)I came down to Phoenix for work and was told by a pal to visit this establishment.I thought it was going to be like other themed restaurants, a few tacky decorations and sub par food.....NOT THE CASE.When you enter the building you go down a few dim lit hallways with posters and legit decorations. We were seating immediately. I was surprised since it was Halloween.The walls look like there from an old castle (large grey bricks), I couldnt focus on anything for at least 3 minutes, werewolves, dragons, monters, ghouls...The waiter was super friendly and told us the seasonal beer and a little bit of the history of the restaurant. We both ordered the Monsterland burger and the seasonal pumpkin beer.The Monsterland burger: Im not a burger fan, I only eat them when Ive heard they are amazing. IM TELLING YOU THIS BURGER IS AMAZING. cooked to perfection, great combo of flavors, fried onion strings, poblano pepper, some amazing sauce. I couldnt speak while eating it.When we were done and went to leave there was a line down the hallway, glad we got there early, 3ishIm planning a trip just to take my mom to this restaurant. Its that serious
4	Monsterland!  Fun place. Ghouls all over, mechanical  monsters going off every so often;  it's like Halloween forever. Ordered the Dr Jekyll Chicken Sandwich and an 8th St IPA. Very good.  Came with chips and a pickle.  Chips made in house? Not sure but they were good.  Lots of attentive service, although our main server was pretty slow getting back to us another server covered for her and made sure we were taken care of..  Fun place with good food, and shockingly in downtown Mesa! Huh!
3	3.5 starsMy fiance and I were in the area and starving. After a quick yelp search we found this restaurant. We were NOT expecting the monster-themed atmosphere (although the name says it all) but it was a great experience. The server was nice and the food came out fast! They had a surprisingly decent selection of beer. Appetizer:Children of the Corn (sweet potato corn fritter with roasted corn, sweet potatoes, garlic, cilantro, pepper jack cheese, and a green chili lime aioli)Entrees:1) Dr. Jekyll Chicken Sandwich (grilled season chicken breast, bacon, pepperjack, avocado, tomato, spinach, and red pepper aioli on toasted bun)2) The Monsterland burger (pepper jack, roasted poblano peppers, fried onion strings, and cipotle aioli on toasted bun)For a bar restaurant the food was decent. Overall just an interesting experience although I won't be rushing to come back.
4	It was really refreshing to go to a Halloween bar on Halloween. I wish that the staff had enough people on staff to accommodate the rush of people. Just getting a table took hours even though half of the restaurant was empty tables. Unacceptable. The redeeming factor was that the food and drinks were delicious and cleverly themed and the haunted house in the basement was beautifully designed. I would recommend this place to people visiting or just a cool place to hang out in downtown Mesa. I hope the owners will learn to staff up during the Halloween/fall season in the future.
5	Do you like Monsters?  Do you like good beer?  Do you like Burgers?  If so, this place is for you, heck even if you only like 1 out of 3 this place is for you.  Great, great food with an awesome staff in a fun environment.
3	Crazy cool! Is the best way I can describe this place! If you're into Halloween (year round) monsters, Goth, Scary Movies..... all that good stuff, this place is a pretty cool bar to chill at on weekends. I just visited this establishment for one of my gf's get togehters. I was skeptical at first, but it turned out pretty cool! It's nice to go to a different place and be surrounded by a theme that isn't cheesy or half done. This place has gone all out! You go through a haunted maze to get in, they have animatronics that are monsters, Freddy staring at you from the corner, werewolves, vampires..... Its beautifuly disgusting!Their late night menu is pretty small, but gets the job done at midnight when you feel like snacking on a little somthin. Regular bar food like nachos and wings, they were pretty decent! I saw that they have a pretty good selection of breakfast, lunch and dinner! I would like to go back before it gets too late and try some more of their food.The only thing I didn't like was they don't offer any drink specials. At night on the weekend you would figure, it's a bar, they have to have some kind of specials? Not here. Their cheap bar rum is pretty awful, so if you like hard alcohol I would ask for a specific kind like Sailor or Captain, but they have decent beer, so something for everyone!Lastly, what do girls like to do the most when they go out???? DANCE! Of course! When we got there the DJ was playing a lot of EMO and Alternative music, which wasn't bad, as I am a fan, but when it got later in the evening when more people were showing up, we were hoping for a better selection to dance to. The DJ that night was just off his game, really wasn't spinning anything worth dancing to! These minor details won't keep me from coming back though. It was a nice night of catching up with friends at an off the wall different cool place!
3	This is a solid 3 star place. if we were just rating atmosphere it would be 5.The food is pretty average as far as everything we tried.The beers were great.Service was ok.Seating is quite bad and uncomfortable. Not to mention a table for 4 is about 2.5ft x 2.5ft so I hope you like the people you are sitting with.
5	Now let's say you lack morals and have a great love for the macabre. Let's also say that you enjoy having a good time with people, eating good food and drinking good beverages of the locally brewed variety. Now we combine these elements into a blender and hit "liquify". There you have it, Monsterland. One of the BOMBEST places to hang, eat and scare the crap outta kids. Animated monsters and a castle decor add to the already excellent idea for a restaurant. One of the best salads I have ever had. Just saying. I would highly recommend checking this place out. Even if you have morals.
5	Absolutely incredible.  I can't wait to go back, I'm even considering being one of those weirdo regulars LOL.  If you're going to open a restaurant with any kind of theme (not only did Monsterland choose a theme I find deeply interesting, fun and pleasing for a broad audience) Monsterland executed theirs perfectly and in such a way that will bring them much business in the future from regulars to people visiting because it is simply one of those places you have to see when in the area.  Food was amazing, service was very kind and prompt (I can't remember her name it was something different..) but she was awesome.  As for if Monsterland is good for kids or not, there is no yes or no answer.  Every kid is different.  I have a five year old niece who loves every "classic" scary movie out there and there are some that can't take it.  I think as long as the parent teaches them that they're not real I think any kid could do great there and enjoy it.
5	I love this place.  The menu is short but the food is good.  The place looks spectacular.  I can't remember another time we took pictures of the place like we did here.  Going to bring the little one next time.
4	Heard this place was getting ready to close so we decided to check it out before it did.  Food was nothing spectacular except for the horror story names but they did have a great beer selection.  Service was pretty good and the waitress seemed to have a good attitude considering she is about to lose her job next week.
5	Absolutely love this place!!!  I wish I would have found out about this place sooner!!  The atmosphere is great, the people are great and the decor is amazing!!!  Whenever I have anyone from out of town or hasn't been to Monsterland you bet I'm taking them there!!
2	anyone want to guess why this restaurant is in financial trouble? clearly it isn't the food or the ambiance. it's the inability of the service staff to handle more than 12 tables -- that's 12 total, in the entire restaurant -- at a time. (seriously, i counted the occupied tables.)i went last saturday night at 6 p.m. and waited 45 minutes to get a table (we called for a reservation, but they assured us that we'd get right in). but there were several empty tables in the dining room for the duration of my visit. it was incredibly confusing.the food was just fine. but our server never came back to get the check. i had to track him down so we could finally leave. i guess that's what you get when you hire a crew of kids who couldn't get a job at the hot topic.if you can't turn around a table of four in less than an hour -- and if you won't fill all your tables in the first place -- how are you going to make any money?also, it's true, the seats really are uncomfortable.i wish them luck.
3	What a cool place that is now closed! I'm not sure if it's permanent but there is a notice up in the window that says they couldn't pay the rent. Word is, Paradise Pop Culture and Comics on Mill is in the running to buy this place according to their Facebook. The decor here is awesome. They have a Haunted House and a huge amount of actual movie props, some of which are animated! Kids (not to mention myself...) go nuts for these things when they start growling and lighting up. Like Ann S. mentioned there are only 12 tables in the ENTIRE place yet the room exists for at least 12 more. The staff was fine. Not much more to say. Some of them were in some really skimpy outfits but I'm not sure if that's the norm because there was a motorcycle rally going on all down Main Street. They were playing vintage horror on a big projector screen which no one but myself really seemed to care about. It really seems like someone bought this place from someone else who had a great idea, then just sort of let it go. It's a good thing it still retains all the charm of the decorations, not to mention a decent beer on tap selection. Don't let me forget to tell you the entire bar is less than 10 seats. Maybe the new owners will put all that extra space to use!
5	I'm really sad this place is closed, it was a great place to hang out with friends, their themed event nights were always a blast, and the decor was unlike anything else in the valley. The employees that worked there were like family and the food was tasty.
1	The place is currently closed.
2	Great food, awesome atmosphere, but TERRIBLE service outweighs these positive qualities. Expect to wait up to an hour for your food, even when it's not busy. Slow kitchen (god knows what they are doing back there), unorganized front of house, and apathetic management are to blame. If you have a couple of hours to kill, it's not a bad place at all, but do not expect a timely meal.
