5	Great prices, super fast service!  Steamed dumplings, mei fun, and crab rangoon are our favorites.
4	We've had a really hard time finding a GOOD Chinese takeout place since we moved to Pineville. While this place isn't exactly around the corner from the house, it's close enough and more importantly hits the mark on everything we were looking for- great house fried rice, good soup, and their entrees are quality. Thumbs up!
3	Food is real good. They cook their wings when you order so it's not sitting there allday. I took my daughter and she had the General TSO's chicken and as picky as she is, she liked it.
3	Golden China was fine. Nothing was wrong with the food, but nothing stood out either. I have certainly eaten worse, but then I've eaten better.  Without a doubt, I much prefer Peking Toyko in Tega Cay.  I went in for carry out on an extremely busy Friday night and waited close to 30 mins. But, the staff was working extremely hard, no one was loafing for sure, they were just slammed, so I'm not including wait time in my review.
4	i have ate here several times. the food is good and not to pricey. the best chinese food in the area.
4	Very good, not amazing or anything, but definitely very good fast Chinese food.  Ordered this for delivery from my hotel room.  They were the only place left open at 10:15 that delivered.  They told me it would be 45 minutes for my food, but I swear it was at my door in under 20...delivered by drones I wonder? I had crispy orange shrimp which was pretty good.  The crab ran goons were very good.  Don't be afraid to try this place.  Prices were great.  Delivery and service seemed awesome.
5	Golden China is my choice for Americanized Chinese in Fort Mill. Golden China is consistent, a good value, and very friendly. Look past the American guy who occasionally works the front counter. The Asian gal who works the front is always on top of the details. She knows the regular clients' tastes and regular requests - like no onions in fried rice. The dining area might not look like much and it might be served on styrofoam but you can't argue with the value for the money. Most folks get take out. For what it's worth, there's another Chinese place across the street, next to Food Lion, where I refuse to eat unless it's lunch and I have a coupon for a $4 lunch. I happily pay $6 for lunch at Golden China instead!
5	Excellant food! The girl up front was very friendly and the food was awesome!! We will be back!
4	Golden China is great! They always get my order correct and sometimes even give me sweet rolls extra at no charge. The staff is always friendly. And if I call in a order no matter how big it is they always say 10 mins.. Lol...and it's always ready when I get there. I've been eating takeout here for years and have never been disappointed.. The food is always tasty and hot.
