4	My boyfriend and I found this place when we were driving down St. Rose one night. At a glance it looked like a little restaurant but when we got closer we saw the words "Ohana Mini Golf." We got really excited because it's so close to us! We stopped by to take a look around inside. It was empty because it was late at night. After having a small chat with the friendly owners, we learned that they had just opened the previous weekend. We vowed to come back soon with some friends soon, and we did.Pros:- Bright, open, and clean!- Option of the beginner or advanced course- Open until 10pm all week except for Sundays (8pm)- There are a couple benches where you can sit or set your bags downCons:- They play music from a Hawaiian radio station. Understandable, since the place is Hawaiian themed. But perhaps some stuff that's a little more upbeat and fun to listen to while you're golfing?Overall, we had a fun time! When we left, we were given little Halloween bags with candy and coupons for one free round of golf!
4	My bf and I found this place on the way to a different mini golf place. We were a little hesitant because it looks like its one of the only businesses in an almost abandoned strip mall. However, it was nice on the inside when we walked in. The guy working (maybe the owner?) was really nice. He seemed like he really cared about the business and was straightening things up and always working on something even though we were the only people there. There are two courses to choose from, each with 18 holes. Each hole is not super complex, but they were fun to do and kept us entertained. I would go here again to play mini golf and to support a local business!
4	This is a great little place with two different courses based on if you want obstacles or not.  The man at the desk greets you and is quite friendly and helpful.  This is indoors so you can play year round, and it has the set up for a great birthday party (I have a birdie already in my ear about that).  Both courses are smooth and we had a blast playing each on different days.  It is clean and definitely family friendly.  How can you go wrong with a pet turtle there and a name like Ohana! The only reason not four stars is the location is convenient for us as its across from the M resort, but not much in that shopping center has survived.  We hope they do as its a nice family fun experience.Review #1 for 2014
3	It's difficult to review an indoor mini-golf, at least that's my position. The 36 hole, 2 course facility is not in a great location, but does offer a different recreational opportunity that will probably be very popular in the hot months!I golfed 18 holes, which can be done fairly quickly, at the Hawaiian themed course. The obstacles are not that challenging, and every hole is Par 2 or 3 (maybe 2?). It's a nice clean facility, and the owner was friendly. They have space for parties also. Check it out when you're near the M Resort!
2	We came to this place because we had a Groupon.  It was cold outside and I thought it better to make sure I had a thick sweatshirt on, because playing a game of mini golf can take awhile.  The group of us pulled up and I was looking for the windmill and batting cages that usually come with a mini golf place.  But, I come to find out that this place is indoors.  Hmmm!  I didn't like that.  We walk in and we were the only ones in there.  It was kind of fun, just because of family.  The guy running the place was nice and told us about the different courses in the building. It had a total warehouse feel.  The ceiling's were bare and the place lacked any kind of decoration, except for the course itself.  But, to be honest, I don't see this place lasting much longer.  But, I hope that I'm wrong.
5	Love this place. It's great for a play day or a couple's date. The owner is really friendly. The atmosphere is positive. I will continue to give my business to this family owned joint.
5	I really hope this place stays open. It is not far from our home and the kids love mini golf so it is a win-win for me! Super nice owner, very down to earth. We went and were the only people playing until a birthday party showed up. Then, the parents just let their kids run around like crazy people, running across the holes we were playing and just being loud. So, I would suggest you call ahead and see if there are any parties booked that day. It really was a turn off, but I can't blame the owner for parents who would rather chit chat than watch their kids. We will be back!
4	fun place for kids, quiet and had music playing... I enjoyed the family time here.. will return...
5	Great place to bring the little one(s)! Very welcoming and great deals :) nice atmosphere especially for those that may be new to mini golf. My family and I will definitely be coming back and will spread the word of ohana mini golf!
4	Fun! Ohana is a cool little indoor mini-golf place near the M Resort.  Hubby and I went here as part of our date night and we will definitely return with the kids.  There are two different courses, one is significantly easier (ie less frustration for the little ones!) and the other is more challenging.  The owner was very friendly and personable.  Always glad to support the small local businesses around town such as this.
4	This indoor mini golf course was more fun that it looked in the pictures.  The course was challenging and fun.   I prefer larger outdoor elaborate mini golf courses, but this indoor one delivered the fun.  :)  I loved that Hawaiian music was playing while I golfed.
5	Had a great time in here mini golfing. Las Vegas heat is draining so it was nice to be able to have some family fun inside. The staff here is super nice. Thanks again. We will be back AND recommend this place to others.
5	Had a mini 3rd birthday party for my daughter here and rented out a couple tables. Brought food and drinks. It was such a good simple fun time. Loved it! Will be coming back!
4	Nice to find mini golf indoors, it was quite warm today. The grandkids enjoyed it. Looks like they are just getting started, overall great experience. Great service!
