4	Love this course.  Sure its a muni but well maintained and somewhat affordable. Charlotte is giving birth to so many upscale daily fee courses that forget about the blue collar golfer that it's nice to have Renaissance to play.  The area around the old coliseum is growing so fast that I expect the city to begin cashing in so if you get a chance to play here,  do it now and do it often.  Lots of sawgrass and bunkering make wayward shots pay but good drives offer birdie on most holes.  Number 18 is the signature with a slight uphill dog left that leaves a downhill approach to an ampitheatre green over a lake.  Beautiful hole.  Nice course,  not snobby,  and affordable.
4	This course owns me.  That said, it's a great muni course--best I've played.Course is challenging and will more likely reward the accurate player as opposed to someone who likes to slice their drives all over the place.  There are many holes that offer great views.  I liked the one on the back 9 where you hit basically through an opening in a forest and down three stories onto the green that's about 200 yds away.Will definitely be coming back again to this well-maintained challenging course.dmo out.
5	Very good course.  Has really good bones... At one point, this was probably a top 10 courses in NC, but it has not been kept up like it should, and as a result it has declined some.  Front half is wide open, more links style.  Back half is tight and long (my favorite).  Good twilight rate to boot, with very good people in the club house.
5	Friendly service from pro to snack shop.  Great customer service.  Course is good greens were super. We will come back
1	Could be a good course, but...conditions are terrible. Greens were furry and in horrible shape. Bunkers hadn't been groomed and were mostly dirt. Fairways were unevenly mowed, I almost lost a ball dead center in the fairway because it ended up in a high patch of grass. Will not play here again.
1	Course is in terrible condition - would not go back nor recommend anyone play this course - not worth playing for free
2	Oh ratcliffe golf courses how are you all so similar.  The front nine is more old school and pretty boring.  The back 9 seems ten times better.  THe greens are usually dreadfully slow and there is no range here.  Why do I go to this course?  Its very close to home and when the price is right I will play it.  Unfortunately right now I would advise to stay away. They punched the greens with a baseball bat and they are horrendous. I would pray for the slow greens to return.
2	Bottom line, this course is not worth the money.  There are to many courses in the Charlotte area to chose from that are in much better condition.  These were the worst greens I have ever played on and I have played some pretty bad ones in my 20 years of golf.  It's unacceptable to be on the "green" and be putting from a sand trap at the same time (see pic).  Do yourself a favor and play another course.Management, either lower your prices or take care of your course.
