4	This is  a real nightclub! It has a fantastic bar, amazing sound system, and really cool decor.  It's still more of a see-and-be-seen hot spot than it is a dance club.  However it has a designated dance floor offering what Charlotte is so severely lacking which is a decent dance venue.  Sunset has a slightly more "mature" crowd than the downtown clubs full of tweens but it's still an exciting environment for fun seekers of any age.The $10 cover charge is a bit over the top and I'm always annoyed by the bathroom guy who hands you a paper towel to dry your hands.  But both situations pretty accurately describe the clientele here.  Everyone's impeccably dressed and dropping lots of cash on tabs and bottle service.  It's a bit pretentious but the music is playful house remixes of age old top 40 and it's hard to be a snob when they're beat matching funky rhythms laid over familiar radio tunes.  Do I need some guy to squirt soap in my hands in the bathroom so I can tip them a buck?  No.  Some people need their ego's stroked, which is an inevitable, sad side of nightclubbery.  But if you're looking for places to dance, Sunset Club is a solid establishment.  Ignore the douchebaggery and enjoy the architecture and sounds and do your thing.
4	When Sunset Club had free drinks for ladies, it was a sight rarely seen and offered. I was tempted to dress up as one just to take advantage of it. The crowd is mature and the DJ spins good, real hip hop, circa 1990s and not the lean wit it rock wit it stuff. Decor is pretty exquisite and there wasn't a dude in the bathroom trying to bamboozle $ out of you just for handing you a paper towel that you could have grabbed yourself. Table service is flashy and the bottles are delivered with sparklers for everyone to envy and gawk in awe. The hostesses are friendly (and hot), service was excellent and management was nice but the lack of fans and air conditioning not being able to accommodate for the packed house was not so hot.
1	Attended a private wedding reception on Saturday afternoon/evening.  BAD EXPERIENCE!! (with the alcohol part)  I don't know what was charged to the wedding couple but it was a rip-off.  Money was given for open bar (a limited amount) and a certain amount was supposed to be held for the wedding party. (about 1/2)  Lots of guests arrived before the wedding party and the bartenders had pretty much burned through the bar tab limit BEFORE the wedding party arrived!  Brand drinks were cash bar and my wife and I have our preferences so I paid out of pocket for ALL of our drinks (should have helped with the rest of the guests...BUT)  Anyway, the bar closed off the 'tab' way too early.... I think they just double-billed and ripped us off.  At my arrival, I ordered 2 drinks and was charged $18.50 (plus tip)..... 45 minutes later I ordered two more OF THE SAME DRINKS.... CHARGE: $19!!  45 minutes after after that... I ordered the same 2 drinks AGAIN.... charge: $21.50 (before tip) Now.... how/why did the price increase from $18.50 to $21.50 in the course of an hour and a half???? Unless it was a rip off?  (several complaints heard about weak or NO ALCOHOL mixed drinks at $9 apiece) The dance floor was ok.  The conversation nooks were good, but I don't like to be taken advantage of.  Complaining at a wedding reception makes you look like a jerk.  Soooo, I'm telling you now.... I will never go there based on this first and last exposure to this  place.  You'd think they'd try to impress folks at a special occasion like this so those of us might go back on our own.  Instead.... why would I go EXPECTING to get screwed???
4	I used to come here occasionally back in the day when they offered free drinks or other specials to get the ladies in the door.  However, most recently, I was here for a private party.  It is a nice venue for a party.  I would guess that our group was between 40 - 50 people and there was plenty of room for people to spread out and not be too cramped. They had appetizers and an open bar set up for us and the service was very good.  With a DJ keeping the tunes going, the ambiance & overall mood was spot-on.
1	Thanks sunset club for putting me through hell.  My friend and I decided to stop in after Tyber was beat.  The first thing that sucked was the cover was expensive for such a small club ($20).  The DJ was probably the only good thing in here. We decided to get some drinks and had fun dancing and mingling with some ladies, but at the end of the night is where hell hit. I went to close out my tab and my tab was $97 for 3 beers.  I told the bartender she must have made a mistake. She goes, oh its not a mistake.  Some black guy was using your card and purchased 5 bottles of champagne and this tab.  The card got declined ( thank god somehow) after he tried to swipe it for the 5th time in an hour and he left. Basically the bartender gave my debit card to another guy! The manager came out and and the bartender explained then that she handed my card to another guy and he was using it all night.  I told her to cancel out all the charges because the liability falls on you.  She said no.  I ended up calling the cops and when she spoke to the cops her story changed. She said that the bartender never gave my card to him and that he must have been using my name.  The cops then told me to dispute with the card company because it wasnt getting anywhere.  3 months later my case is finally closed and I have my $500 back.  Eff this place.
3	I have only been to the Sunset club for networking events.  It's a fairly decent place for that.  There food is decent and prices aren't pretty fair.  They have nice seating for cassually socializing. However, it is extremely dark.
