1	If u want a fried burrito roll come here. This is not sushi !!! Service was horrible and the prices were outragous ! 9 sake bomb ??? thats crazy !! Real Sushi places are @ $6 dollars max. I only give 1 star for the TV' s and music. Really stay out from this place if u are a real sushi lover cuz ur not gonna find any real food there.
4	I was here on business and my friend suggested I try here.  I'm adventurous, so I was game with the whole Mexican sushi concept.  I tried the Mexican roll first.  It had spicy crab, salmon tempura, and the taste was pretty original, also had a slight spice to it.  The waitress told me that the Fire Cracker jalapenos were good so I went for those.  All I can say is I have never every considered jalapenos in sushi, but with the spicy ahi, and crab, these chefs really know what they are doing.  Really good!  I only had time to try 2 things because I had a meeting, but I'll be back again in 2 months, so I'll go back if I'm in the neighborhood.  I think its so cool that almost every sushi chef in either Scottsdale or Phoenix are Mexican.  I guess like my chef friend in New York said, Mexicans are really the best cooks in the world, but Sushi, who knew!
3	So if you are looking for a authentic sushi experience, then I say, maybe this is not your place. I wouldnt order sashimi from this place, but I am really picky about that. This place has an awesome, lively, fun, truly different take ~ latin inspired sushi. So most of the rolls are deep fried, but it was delicious! The loud music, nightclub type atmosphere was a lot of fun. Here is my one complaint - MY GOD, it took FOREVER for the food to arrive. One of the folks in my party of 6 waited 45 minutes for ONE sushi roll. My husband waited 30++ minutes for his roll to arrive also. I think the annoying thing about that is to wait almost an hour for ONE sushi roll, have it happen to multiple parties at the table, none of the food arrived together, and for them to ADD 18% gratuity to service like that. Its presumptuous - why would I tip 18% for what I would consider poor service? None of us got to eat together, I ended up sharing my sushi rolls with the other folks at my table who were still waiting on their rolls 45 minutes later. Here is a tip - order a salad or the teriyaki chicken, that came out the fastest or just dont go their hungry. It was definitely worth the experience.
3	We had a little trouble finding this place at night. They didn't  have a lit up sign! Once we did find it, we went inside and were seated right away in a nice big booth. There was a live DJ playing upbeat Spanish music. It was kind a cool vibe once you got used to it. Staff were courteous. Service is a bit slow, even with many staff standing around chatting. The waitress brought bowls of sauce but never told us what kind of sauce it was. she also didnt recommend any particular items to us. This is a fusion place, so wouldnt you want to push your unique dishes? The menu was a little small and had a lot of cooked rolls, but the food was very good. Actually it was better than good! I could see coming here with friends for an evening out. I saw some drinks pass by that looked delicious. We ordered a Las Vegas roll, a Shrimp Killer, and another spicy roll. Very yummy! Lots of good flavors. It would be nice if you got some soup, salad, or edamame with your order like most sushi places, but not a real big deal. I would just beware that waitstaff seem very inexperienced.
3	Your service sucks during the day..change lighting in this place please or better yet just peel that ugly ass tint off the windows so the sun can shine on thru..Your chicken fried rice is bomb taste like a teppenyaki spots rice..nice. big ass rolls too..so if two people order different rolls u are not gonna finish that shit..3 stars for the rice..I like rice.
2	I didn't like this place and I won't be back. I've had Mexican/Japanese fusion sushi in Tucson and loved it, but this place is far from any type of traditional sushi and not in a good way. First of all, we couldn't even find the place. We had a groupon so that's how I even heard about it in the first place. I called about 20 times and each time it went straight to a voicemail that hadn't been set up. The place has blacked out windows with NO SIGN, just a small flashing neon "open" sign. The atmosphere is weird. It's a very large open space with lots of black furniture and a dance floor? It looks either very unfinished or like a grimy sports bar, since it has huge tvs and a huge bar that covers one entire wall. I didn't find the wait staff too friendly, well trained, nor professional. It took over 45mins to get our three rolls. We had to ask for obvious things like dipping plates, soy sauce, etc. I agree with some of the other reviews that their orders are large and we had plenty leftovers. I also agree that the food here is extra unhealthy. Everything is either deep fried or overly covered in mayonnaise-based sauces. We ordered the tootsie, volcano and carne asada and the carne asada was the best, although it was deep-fried. I didn't feel like I had a healthy meal, good service nor a pleasant surrounding environment. Also, I used their restroom and of the two stalls, one had the toilet seat broken and laying on the floor and the other had a door that didn't close properly. =/
5	please do NOT visit this restaurant if you're looking for spicy tuna, dragon, or any such other standard sushi fare.  This is not your typical sushi restaurant, but a place where, (happily) not many people seem to go, because they haven't discovered it yet.I had no idea this place existed.  I've driven by the shopping center at 43rd Ave & Indian School Rd at least twice a week, and if it wasn't for a Groupon deal, I would have missed out on what is now a weekly must-visit for me.They could chuck the entire menu in the garbage, and only serve the following fusion rolls, and I would be VERY happy to gorge myself at EVERY visit: GUAMUCHILITO, CIELO MAR Y TIERRA, TRES QUESOS, CORDON BLEUthere's only ONE word to describe the sushi at this place: A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!!!A word of caution: if you don't like deep-fried sushi, then avoid these rolls.  I LOVE the crunch texture and that's why they're my favorite.  Also, the portions are ENORMOUS.  one two rolls can feed two people without the need for appetizers, or dessert.  Make sure you go on an empty stomach, and you will be rewarded.
5	I was intrigued to try it when I saw the offer on groupon and because my fiance never had sushi before and I figured "Well he likes Mexican food and so do I" so this seemed like the perfect place for him to try it out. The place looks pretty to me honestly, I' am a person who prefers dark over bright light any day so perfect ambiance for me and he didn't seem to mind either. I went with the "Mexican Roll (Call 911!)" and he ordered hamburgers which kind of ticked me off because I wanted him to try something new but I got him to try a piece from my plate anyway. The wait time for the food was normal and once I tried it I instantly loved it. If you're the kind of person that LOVES spicy or hot foods I highly recommend getting the Mexican Roll. My fiance tried it too and loved it, and also loved his hamburger too. For dessert we ordered the fried ice cream, something we both never had before. I should've read the description on it though because its covered in coconut and I hate coconut but it didn't stop me from trying to eat it. The fried ice cream plate looked really pretty with strawberry slices placed perfectly around it with drizzles of strawberry syrup and hot fudge syrup, it was amazing. It all stayed under the groupon budget too (and yes we did tip). I highly recommend Senor Sushi!
4	It was ... different.  The location is totally sketch and looks like it doubles as a club some other days.  We didn't have any issues with the wait staff other than impressing the need for someone who spoke English (I can speak Spanish, but not well enough to order sushi in!).  She was attentive and generally perfect.We ordered the guamuchilito, milena, and a caterpillar roll.  Surprisingly, it was the caterpillar that I really loved and which is why Senor Sushi is getting 4 stars and not 3.  You also get a lot of food for the price, and Im not sure where the person who said the rolls were expensive is getting their sushi since this seems on target with the amount of food that your getting.  All in all, the whole experience was fun, definitely different and totally worth the drive.
4	Hey sushi lovers!Hey Mexican food lovers!The quarrel is finally over thanks to the latest fusion style restaurant in Phoenix- Senor Sushi.Senor Sushi can be summed up in a few words. Japanese sushi restaurant meets Mexican Banquet Hall. The decor looks like a typical Japanese sushi restaurant with the red and black colors, lucky cat statues and green Asian plants. The layout and ambiance however screams, "Quincenera!". There is a stage with a disco ball in the middle it, which adds to the banquet hall feel of the restaurant. The restaurant has A LOT of staff- which I am sure is needed. When I visited the restaurant on Sunday it was at maximum capacity.Mexican sushi? I was just as confused, but intrigued. My party ordered almost every fusion roll and here are the ones I recommend:Caramelo roll- Delish! Who knew Mexican caramel over sushi would give it such a kick?All of the rolls were pretty tasty to be quite honest :-)The only one I would not recommend is the Carne Asada roll. The carne asada flavor takes over the roll making it not taste like sushi. Overall, I would go back! The flavor explosion is seriously insane. Mexicans do not mess around when it comes to spices and flavor. I must say that I enjoyed this fusion combination and thanks to it sushi will never again be the same. Even the soy sauce has been revamped! It is already so flavorful it does not even need soy sauce.Are you ready Phoenix? Let's do this! :-)
2	I've been coming to thus place since they opened up my 1st impression was this place is AMAZING, regardless of the fact that the ambience is so dull the food made up for it. The latin rolls are by far the best I've had here in the valley and their calamari salad the first few times was excellent, but there's been quite a few problems I've encountered my last visits and I just keep giving this place more chances but last night was the end of  it!!! I had the cielo mar y tierra roll which is covered in panko and deep fried the chicken, beef tasted like it had been cooked days before not fresh at all, and the oil that the roll was fried in must have been old because it made the roll taste funny and this has not been the 1st time this happened to me here my buddy ordered the gordon blue and had the exact same problem and when I ordered the kamasaki roll and didnt like it because the rice tasted odd the waitress did not wanna fix it for me nor even bother getting a manager to check out the situation so I ended up paying for something I didnt eat she was rude about it too! The calamari salad was blah and there was only about 5 other seated tables in the restaurant and we waited forever for our food to arrive. Lastly we had the "deep fried" ice cream which was hard as a rock when it got to our table we had to sit around and wait for it to thaw out a little and I didnt even bother to point it out to the waitress she would have done nithing anyway, overall I have eliminated this restaurant from my faves list and would not go back by any means unless they'd step theyre game up and take food and customer service seriously what a shame because their latin roll menu has so much to offer and the cooks are just not putting any effort in what they do. I only gave it 2 stars because at one point they did serve outstanding food but the customer service has always been terrible
5	I returned to Senor Sushi for dinner with the family last night. I have to changed my former 4 stars to 5 stars.It seems that now that the Groupon frenzy is over, the restaurant is less crowded than usual. The reduced crowds ensured a much faster food preparation and server check in. The food was simply amazing. We had Jalapeno Poppers (the best in town!) Guanchito Roll and a Las Vegas Roll. So amazing. This place is amazing. It is now my go to spot for tempura sushi rolls. Delicioso!PS. The Pina Coladas are out of this world! I went from liking this restaurant to LOVING this restaurant. Five stars!
5	I would have never found this place on my own...but word of mouth brought me and we will be customers for life! this place is amazing. I give it a 10. their Latin fusion rolls are to die for...come hungry. i had the kamikaze roll and it was better than anything I ever had in California.come eat here and you will be hooked. nicely appointed and a friendly staff. quiet too...you can actually talk. very clean and cool for the summer.I highly recommend this Latin fusion Japanese...it will blow your mind! order lots and share. enjoy!
3	I ordered for carry out and the lady that I had spoken to said it would be 25 minutes. I got there in 30 minutes and my food still wasn't ready. They took forever, but other than that, I was pretty satisfied with this place. It was my first time trying it. Pretty affordable prices even though it wasn't happy hour. I'm definitely coming back when I'm on that side of town :)
1	Walked in with a reservation on a Monday evening at around 6 pm. Sat down with the boy. After 10 minutes, had not even been acknowledged- no " your server will be right with you" even, but the family that walked in 8 minutes after we did got place settings?! I didn't stay to try the food.  I will not stay at a place where the service is that horrible.
5	Wow this place has change, more staff, and food was ready in only 17min much faster than last time. Lots of improvements have been done here.  Food is still good.
5	Music is awesome I always dig it
4	Bring the family, lots of very large, comfy booths to sit and relax in! Let us use a 4 person Groupon deal for just the two of us.  Very nice place overall.  Quite a variety in sushi rolls.Latin rolls are the best!
1	first...hair found in sushi roll. second...screaming children. EVERWHERE. third...food was flavorless (except the 911 roll, which was very spicy and the best part of our meal).service was ok. until it got busy, then we felt ignored.so much for fusion sushi. we won't be returning.
5	Very fun place, sweet waitress, best crunchy roll ever and sports on TV!  They have this tropical tea that tastes like flowers and compliments the sushi so well.  Next time we're having the flaming roll and the carne asada roll!  We are in love!
1	My wife and I decided to purchase the Groupon for this place and give it a try. We are sushi lovers and have tried a bunch of different sushi restaurants. I have to sadly say this was the worst. I used to say that I wouldn't purchase sushi at a store, like Costco but now I have to say I would rather do that than have sushi at Senor Sushi. First off, the service was not so good. There were people around us getting service left and right and it seemed like we were invisible. Frustrating to say the least. The sushi itself was flavorless and old. I have to wonder how fresh that fish really was. Having grown up in the bay area and eating some of the best fish you can find anywhere, the fish at Senor Sushi tasted like it had sat there for 4 days before being served. The best part of the dinner was the desert which was actually good. Unfortunately we were both sick within a few minutes of leaving the place and tossed the leftovers out of fear of food poisoning. I'm not sure if this fusion is a good idea or if it was just not executed very well but sushi is surely not a strong point at this place. I might suggest the cooks head around town and try some sushi to get a taste for what it should be. It would also help to have fresh ingredients. You can't serve old sushi and pass it by anyone that knows sushi. Won't be going back to this place.
4	Not the best decor not the best part of town.  But let me tell you probably the best green mussels I have ever had.  The sushi was great ! Fried ice cream was awesome. The beer was ice cold.  I will be back .
1	I wouldnt recommend this place at all. The food is not bad, but the service is horrible. The waitress are slow and dont seem to care. Even in slow days they still take for ever to do anything, even refills. We have placed several to go orders because we feel that way we dont have to deal with them, but even on to go orders they still make mistakes. The management should encourage more hospitality on the waitresse's behalf because this place seems to not really care about their customers. Most of the time is packed but there are a lot of aspects to improve.
4	Place is not much to look at, but I don't care much about looks as much as I care about the food.  For those who don't like raw seafood this place has several options for them because here the sushi rolls are fried.  If you are looking to try something new or if you want to eat sushi like they do in Mexico this is the place to come.
5	Love this place.  A little hard to find but worth the effort.  I will be a regular.
3	Overall I rate this establishment 3 stars. When we arrived we were greeted right away, we were seated at a table. It took about 2 mins for the server to come to our table to get out drink order, another 6 mins till we received the drinks. She looked a little busy. We decided to come here since we had a Groupon deal. Which included two Sake bombs, two salads or two soups, 2 sushi rolls any kind and a dessert. The server was very knowledgeable about the menu and she checked on us many times to make sure everything was going well. The rolls were great and very big portions. The dessert was also a hit with us fried ice cream with fruit. While we were there they also had live entertainment of a mariachi band. This venue also is a club on certain nights with booths surrounding the restaurant area with a huge bar. The decor was ok, I would go back if I had a Groupon the prices are a little high without it.
4	Maryvale may be the last place to find a unique fusion restaurant, but here it is. Spacious and somewhat noisy (thanks to the multiple flatscreen TVs showing soccer games), this restaurant was quite busy on the weeknight that John M. and I went - a good sign, I think. The decor itself reflects the establishment's main concept: Mexican and Japanese combined. We shared our orders, starting with an appetizer of   boneless wings with fires, which were OK but far too heavy considering what would come next. The rainbow roll was good, as was the Melina sushi. The sushi servings were very generous and not typical of the serving portions you get in standard Japanese sushi restaurants, and the prices were good. Service was efficient and very friendly. This is definitely a good place to try if you're in the Maryvale area.
1	The calamari tasted old and so did the eel. Old is not a comforting taste when eating sushi....
3	I wasn't really impressed. I may be due to the server automatically speaking Spanish to me, but I guess she probably feels the same way going to most places and having servers automatically speaking English to her.Anyway, if you like sushi, it's a good place to go, but any other foods than that, forget it.  The shrimp and noodles dish tastes like they seasoned it with leftover ramen packets.
4	I like the sushi :) it may not be as fresh as others, but they have their own niche that I haven't seen elsewhere. I use the groupon, otherwise it's too pricey.
1	I have been here before many many times Great food great staff just one thing I didn't like yesterday we had our reservation since one week right at the door they told me there's was a cover charge of 10$ because there was live music wich I I don't like They reduce the cover fee to half because no one ever call me to let me know about the cover fee ( they were supposed to) I saw a lot of groups of more people that weren't getting charge really pissed me off I couldn't say no my mom was there my wife and all my family who knows maybe I never go back and I am sorry for my waitress no tip but auto tip was 25dollars
5	Just found my new sushi restaurant. My and hubby have been searching since we moved to this part of Phoenix. Atmosphere was lively, staff was great,  and the food... so good. We got a traditional Las Vegas roll (this is going to be a must have every time we go) and a mexican inspired roll. Loved it. It was crowed (in a good way) so we asked to sit at the bar (even though we don't drink). Mary was nice and friendly,  even with the drink orders keeping her plenty busy. Totally worth it.
4	Wow! So, these guys (owners) learned how to make sushi from another great sushi restaurant chain in Arizona.  They learned very well and after many years they got together and opened Senor Sushi.  The location might not be glamorous but the food is.  The taste of the food is excellent.  You might not find all of the traditional sushi dishes here but you will find great sushi.  For the most part the menu is a Mexican infused sushi and it is amazing.  Especially if you like spicy food.  The service staff is still learning and with time they should get it together.  Lunch time is the best time to eat here. They have a stage so it might turn into a Mexican fiesta a night with live entertainment.  If are looking for a nice traditional Asian sushi place this might not be the place for dinner.  There is nothing romantic about the restaurant.  The decor does have some Asian influence but the staff screams Mexican restaurant.  The staff overpower the decor, but the great tasting sushi overpowers everything.  I've never ate carne asada sushi (pretty sure thats not sushi) but they say it is.  Give it a try and tell me what you think?  I've heard its good.  Anyway  If you are in the neighborhood give them a try the food is worth it.
3	The food was pretty good and my wife loved her dish which is also a good thing because she is not a big fan of sushi.  BUT one complaint, the service was horrible. I ordered a Dos X's and waited 15 minutes for her to come back to get me another. She brought our food in a hurry then almost left without her noticing my beer bottle was empty, my wife had to call her back and ask for another for me. So to sum this all up, food good, service bad.
1	It was my first time here and we came to celebrate a friends birthday.The wait was lengthy even with reservations and they did not accommodate all of our party. The food took over an hour to be brought to our tables and it was cold, vapid and overly greasy.Not impressed by locale, staff and food.Will most definitely not come back.Oh and as we speak I've been waiting for a water refill now for 35 minutes!#fail
5	Food is amazing!! Super clean and nice staff. Unique twist on cuisine. The fried rice was so fresh and flavorful and the Carne Asada roll and Cordon Bleu roll was perfect!
1	terrible, cover charge in a restaurant, will never go back
3	They had not served real Sushi at all for a long time, however, they have very fortunately met one of real Japanese Sushi chefs Mr. Kazato who has more than 4o years experience on TV show this year. Thanks to Kazato's advice, they are changing. I hope they have started serving real Sushi now.
