5	What can I say this is the best dental care money can buy or dental insurance if you have it.  I have been coming to Dr Briggs for almost 10 years and they are the most professional and trustworthy dental professionals in the Valley.  The staff is super awesome and are very attentive.  This is one of the few places where I always get the VIP treatment and one of the best few luxuries I enjoy.  The ambiance is very relaxing and the decor is like stepping into a resort.  Some folks brag about their new BMW or new Louis Vuitton briefcase but I got my teeth!
5	5 stars isnt enough!!! I love the whole Briggs family. I have been going to this dentist since I was 8 years old and they have always been so amazing to me. I love that I walk in the door and they make me feel right at home. They are so sweet and everything in that place is actually super comforting.They use the most high tech things I have ever seen, and its good to know I'm getting A+ care for my pearly whites. I recommend them to everyone I know!
5	One of the best dentist experiences I have ever had.  Completely painless, and the staff was great.
5	WARNING: LONG but THOROUGH review!  :-)I've visited Briggs Family Dentistry twice now; originally chose them based on prior reviews and the fact they've been received multiple "Top Dentists" awards ("Top Docs" edition of Phoenix magazine is where I first learned of them).Rates are on the pricey end, but are competitive for the Scottsdale area and are accompanied by an amazing (dare I say "unbeatable") experience. If you need extensive or pricey work done like me (two crowns), they also do what they can to aid in the financial department (payment plans, cash discount) which is great for those of us who don't have dental insurance. I love that they do NOT have high pressure sales but simply - honestly - state what kind of work you'll need or can expect in the future. They also do NOT recommend unnecessary treatments, as I've experienced with every other dentist (i.e. "you should get whitening, this 'might' be a cavity so let's fill it," etc).My front teeth are sensitive to cold. Additionally, I've always dreaded the flossing part which proves painful. BUT BOTH visits to Briggs resulted in 100% pain-free cleanings! They also offer laughing gas if anxiety is an issue.I've seen both of the Briggs (Dr. Roger and Dr. Bradley) and was pleased with each - the apple doesn't fall far from the tree! From the front desk to the tech to the doctors to the billing/checkout, EVERY staff member was incredibly *sincerely* kind, patient, and extraordinary. Both my husband and I have never experienced anything like it... and being that my hubby is Jamaican (black), this says something, especially in North Scottsdale where (sadly) there is racism. Briggs Family Dentistry is reminiscent of businesses in a time past - something that is so rare, so unseen now days.  As long as this persists, I can guarantee my hubby and I will be life-long patients!  In fact, today I scheduled for a crown I need, and cavity filings for the hubby.A final note: the true mark of a great businessman is his involvement in the community and willingness to give back (pro bono work); the doctors Briggs are regularly involved in both, locally and worldly.  :-)
1	The sad part is I USED to give them a 5 star rating. I USED to tell my friends and family to go there. I USED to love them so much!!! But here is what they have been doing the last few appointments and I just can't stand it. You make an appointment with the hygienist you have come to love and respect. This person was like a friend and you didn't even mind getting your teeth cleaned and I HATE the dentist. But now what they do is make you see a tech first. So now your talented and wonderful hygienist only comes in for the last 5 minutes and cleans up their work. My experience was the tech was no where near as gentle and calming. I HATE IT. HATE IT HATE IT HATE IT. I make an appointment and drive 20 miles to see the HYGIENIST, not a tech. I am so very very heart broken. I am currently looking for a new dentist. I am going to miss them so very much but if I only get to see the hygienist for 5 minutes it is not worth it. I am back to being scared to go to my appointments and stress over them for days. I just wish they would go back to how it was!
5	Dr. Brad and his staff are awesome. Super knowledgeable, professional, courteous, and gentle. My favorite dentist of all time :-D
2	I have used Brad Briggs for years, but not anymore. It is taking over a month to get an appointment with Serena the dental hygenist. She is wonderful, gentle and kind and also Brads sister.. Dr. Brad tried to talk me into replacing 10 of my front teeth with those new fake ones. Nothing was wrong with my front teeth. They are mine. So he shaved down a small portion of one front tooth that is now a place for debris to collect. They refunded my money ( $10,000), but I still never really had faith in them anymore. Brad has a negative attitude lately, I don't know why. Perhaps, he is just a loser.
5	I don't get the chance to go into the Briggs dental office as much as I'd like because I'm from out of town but my experiences there have been awesome.  When I was in school my friend and I were using his parents place in AZ to study for board exams over a break.  Well, just my luck, I broke my front tooth.  My friends parents said they have been going to see the Briggs for years so I gave them a call.  Thankfully they were able to get me in right away.  Dr. Roger told me that my tooth was in pretty bad shape and needed a cap to fix it up.  I guess these things take awhile because they have to be made by a lab outside of the office.  I was only going to be in town for another week but Dr. Briggs called in a favor and got the cap back in half the time.  The fix looks great and has held up for years. I still travel to AZ from time to time and I schedule dental appointments with them when I can because I like them so much.  Dr. Roger and Dr. Brad are awesome and couldn't recommend them more.  They are always having a good time but are also very professional.  Dr. Brad is very conscientious of my dental phobia and actually has my laughing by the time I leave (which was very rare before I met them, something about the dentist office normally freaks me out).  Serina, one of the hygienists, is great.  She never chastises me for my lack of flossing and is very gentle. She is actually Dr. Rogers daughter and Dr. Brads sister so this is a true family practice.  Wish I lived in AZ sometimes...
5	I have been coming here for 2+ years. This review replaces my past negative review. Today I had a difficult crown and 2 fillings. Now, my mouth does ache a little, but not too bad. I have dental ANXIETY. Big time. They give me dark glasses, a neck roll, and a video to watch. Hate the sound of the drill, etc. Dr. Roger did the work today, and in the past Dr. Brad did everything. Serena is such a sweet gentle soul, she is my hygenist. I am glad I stayed with these dentists. Thanks so much for the almost painless visits.
5	Great staff, clean facility! Both Dr. Brad and Dr. Briggs are amazingly nice people! Always make you feel so comfortable. I have had my fair share of dentists in the valley and I have hit home with Briggs Family Dentistry! When I was living in California they were very accommodating in getting me in for my cleanings on short notice and generally around the holidays!! Now that I am living in Scottsdale, I schedule my appointments accordingly! The staff always remembers me and that I'm in the fashion industry, very personable. Briggs Family Dentistry will turn into family.
