4	I used to love to eat here (and order take-out) when I worked on that side of town.  I've never had dinner there, but their lunch specials can't be beat!First of all, it's kinda hard to find as it's, like, a little hole-in-the-wall dwarfed by a much larger Goodyear store; however it's much larger than it looks from the outside.The lunch menu has a number of different entrees to choose from, and while I have my favorites, they're all good.The portion sizes are huge!  Most of the lunch specials are served with fried rice (I don't really like their fried rice, so I'll usually order steamed with my lunch), egg drop soup with chicken, fried wontons (I think these actually have negative nutritional value), and an egg roll.  They do have a handful of selections that are served over steamed rice and when it's served to you, it's like this huge pile of deliciousness.While the food is made to order, it arrives at your table before you've had a chance to finish your soup - it's fresh and piping hot!I've had friends ask me to pick up some take-out for them when I'm on that side of town.  The most popular dish they ask me to bring back is Mongolian Beef, which is a huge portion of thinly sliced beef mixed with scads of green onions.I love the chicken with vegetables over rice.  The white sauce is light and doesn't overpower the veggies, which are cooked, but still retain a nice crispness.  If I'm feeling a little more oink-like, I'll opt for their sweet & sour chicken.  The pieces of chicken are lightly battered and deep fried, then topped with a light sweet & sour sauce.  I like this sauce because it's not too sweet and they don't add so much that the chicken is swimming in it and the breading absorbs it all - ick.  They top it off with large chunks of bell pepper, onions, carrots, and sweet pineapple.  Yumminess!While I don't eat fried wontons and I'm not crazy about egg rolls, their egg drop soup is one of the best I've had.A couple of things I don't like, though, are that their sodas don't come with free refills and if you order take-out, it doesn't come with soup.  Still, this place is definitely worth a try...
4	This is such a small hole in the wall place, but when I was living in DC for a while, I missed this place tons. They absolutely have the best Kung Pao ever! Not that spicy, and a lot of food for a cheap price! If you like Kung Pao, like a lot of good food for little price, this is the chinese food place to go! Not much of an atmosphere, would suggest taking it home to eat. The "mother" that will most likely be checking you out, has been there for years!I am getting hungry thinking of their Kung Pao.
4	I have no doubt that upon viewing the outside of Canton Dragon's building, many a customer has chosen to dine elsewhere. In fact, a couple of my friends are guilty of doing this! (The appearance on the inside isn't much better.) But don't let its appearance fool you. Yes, it is tiny. Yes, it looks uninviting. Yes, if I were the owner I would have relocated a long time ago or at least invested in some massive renovation! However, the inside is clean, and their food is delicious!Canton Dragon has been a family favorite for many years. They have an excellent selection of entrees to choose from, their lunch prices are fantastic, and the food portions are just right.My favorite dish is their Sweet and Sour Chicken. I also love their rice. However, I'm not a fan of their eggrolls. During my last visit, I tried their Orange Chicken for the first time. It was tasty, however, I still like their Sweet and Sour Chicken better.If you're looking for a new place to get some good Chinese food, I highly recommend giving Canton Dragon a try.
4	Looks scary from the outside, but it is good! I take out way more than I dine in. Every time I order take out, no matter how much I order, it always takes "about ten minute" :-)The fried rice is the best around, not greasy, just delicious!! I personally like the pork or combo fried rice the best. Huge portion! Other faves are happy family, hot and spicy shrimp, and tung-ting shrimp.
5	There is no other choice when it.comes to Chinese food. I and my family have been coming here for 17 years and there food is the same as it was from day one. The restaurant is family owned and they truely love owning this restaurant. I have tried almost everything on this menu and can never say the dish was delish! Every person I have brought here over the years have made this a.regular spot of choice. I have even moved very far from from the restaurant and still will call in the order and carry it out on my way home. Best egg drop I have ever had. If you love authentic Chinese food then this is the place to come hands down. Don't let the exterior fool you its a hidden gem!!!!
4	I am not a Chinese expert by any means but I thought this was a really good lunch spot. Sketchy looking for sure, but fast, friendly service and the food was really good. I had the moo goo gai pan lunch special. All the veggies were really fresh. Chicken, of course, looked questionable but I've never had Chinese food with "good" chicken. Fried rice was good although no eggs or veggies in it. Egg drop soup very salty but good and the egg roll was crispy. All for $6. I'll definitely be back.
5	My family has been going here for years.  They have updated the exterior. But it is still plain exterior no windows nothing to look at.  BUT THE FOOD is GREAT, the prices are decent too.  I judge a Chinese restaurant on its egg drop soup, egg rolls ( not spring rolls) pops plate, moo goo gai pan (sp) chow mein, Mongolian beef, and beef mushu.  And this restaurant hits all those dishes with Top marks. Sometimes the egg rolls can be a little greasy,  and the chicken ones are better in my opinion... But the rest of my family like the regular ones.
5	The place looks like a dive and as we all know, sometimes that is the kind of place that has the best food. If you are a fan of Hot-N-Sour soup, your quest for the best ends here. Order a bowl of it, they make it to order and  it borders on sinful! Wish I could give it 6 stars.....
4	As you read all the reviews yes, it is a whole in the wall.  Now that that is said, is there anything better? I've been getting take out from here since I was 9 years old with my parents (I'm 30 now).Same owners and recipes are the same.  Now I get to enjoy a traditional favorite that I enjoyed with grandparents to the table I share with my own kids.  I have been ordering the shrimp fried rice, which never disappoints. Husband orders the beef and broccoli and kids get the orange chicken.  Their crab puffs are delicious too. Try it, you won't regret.
1	Will not come back...  this place has no windows? Decoration is outdated. Looks scary in there. Food, I didn't like.
5	This is by far my favorite Chinese food place but then again I'm a little bit biased because I've been coming to this place since I was 3 years old and I'm now 26 years old. My dad is a retired Phoenix police officer and him and his friends used to eat here all the time since the place opened. Yes it does need a lot of updating on the inside there are no windows it may look wrong but it's a great place with great food and they give you a lot of food.
5	Give this place a shot. Yes it looks scary and the inside is about as scary as the outside, but good food comes from places that look like this... All the love and money goes to the food, they don't get caught up in painting, updating or remodeling. It shows too cause the food is awesome.When my family comes from out of town, this is one of the places that's placed on the itinerary to eat at. Don't miss out on this place cause it looks scary.
2	First time here and will probably be my last. The food was alright. More like meh. I ordered the teriyaki chicken and it was a little bland. My boyfriend ordered salt and pepper shrimp and he really liked it. The restaurant isn't as scary as everyone thought but the decor is very simple like all white walls and yes there are no windows. The waitress took our order and only came back to ask if we needed a box and then left us a check. Also, a beetle just flew onto the table.
5	Been a family favorite since i can remember..Best egg drop soup ever as well as best fried rice and sweet and sour chicken..better the panda..this food taste and smells as if it were made homemade...try it out its affordable and taste so good!!
3	Big servings ..owner came around and ensured everyone was doing good which is not like most Asian places ...it's ghetto yes in the ghetto yes but it's traditional Chinese family style eating with huge one plate per item servings ..Good food
1	Usually me and my girlfriend get the sweet and sour chicken and crab angels and they're delicious.  But today I decided to get the teriyaki chicken and "paper wrapped chicken" and they both sucked no good at all. Usually give this place like 3-4 stars but today 1 don't get what I got waste of money.
3	Overall an okay place. + Food was cheap.+ It was pretty good.- Crab Puffs (they call them 'Angels' here) weren't very good. Why do they insist on making them sweet?- Our server was very frank and direct (not in a good way). She was just a skoche below the rude marker.- Drinks were not refilled...I finished my food so that has to warrant a 3 Star Experience. The food wasn't good, but it wasn't bad either. Right in the middle, but I don't see myself coming back.
