4	Coffee, the lifeblood of our country. Wait is that right? Not sure...maybe it's something else. But for the last week, for me...COFFEE was the lifeblood of my little Vegas country. Especially with 8:30am startings of long meetings, with short breaks, quick rushes to the bathroom, stolen gelato moments.But yeah, coffee. I wouldn't have made it without it. And Pinot Brasserie's little standalone coffee & bakery stand, being right around the corner from the Venetian Conf Center, was a lifesaver. Quick service, with yummy croissants. Lattes were just okay but you can't go wrong with a cup of dark roast and some whole milk. Hits the spot.
3	I stayed at the Palazzo and came across this place.. it's a cute little cafe style restaurant. You order by the counter, right when you walk in and they come and give you your food, takes about 5 minutes. They don't serve any coffee besides black coffee... which I thought was a bit strange. And they provide plastic forks and spoons, which I wasn't too fond of. I ordered the cous cous greek salad and a turkey panini. The sandwiches were already made and they give the option of having it as it is, or pressed in the panini machine. My turkey panini had cranberries in it, I thought it was a good touch.. it was a tad bit dry (I know turkey sandwiches usually are, which is why I usually ask for extra mayo/mustard). Overall if I happened to go back there, I wouldn't mind getting it again.The cous cous greek salad was amazing! I never want to eat just a plain greek salad ever again, now that I've had this! Never had anything like it before, and it was very fresh and tasty! I wouldn't change a thing about it.
5	I was at Pinot Brasserie with my friends from Sweden and the experience was excellent, even for my friends who have EXTREMELY high expectations.  The wine list was very good and the chateaubriande was delicious -- perfectly presented, tender, and excellent in every way. The service we received from server Jason Van Hoff was EXTRAORDINARY.  Next time I am at Pinot Brasserie, I will request Jason!
