5	Nicely decorated and staff so friendly. Food very tasty! Great neighborhood location for the Islands neighbors. The bocce ball court is an added bonus that will be enjoyed by our friends for a long time.
4	More of a 3 1/2 but I'm feeling generous since they just opened.  This is another location of My Wine Cellar and the says MWC so don't let it confuse you.  Sameplace.  We went Saturday and enjoyed ourselves.  Ordered lettuce wraps with meatballs, Mac n Cheese, and we tried various wines by the glass.  I would say that the meatballs didn't taste homemade and several of us thought the same.  The server did a good job and was attentive.  We have friends that live around the corner and used to go to Wines Down Under often so they will be here all the time.  Good little place but I like Vintage, Postino Arcadia, Terrior, and other places a bit better.  Go check it out.
5	Glad to have an unpretentious and moderately upscale wine bar in our neighborhood. The food is far better than the last place and the decor is aesthetic. The mac and cheese was delic and the buffalo bites were a great compliment. None of these dishes came from a plastic bag or freezer. Made to order and Anne was a delightful server. This is going to be a great neighborhood spot and we will come here often. Oh, live music, acoustic was going on... pretty mellow and served as soft  background music..Good vibes.
5	Awesome wine bar with a cool laid back vibe. They have a unique wine selection and the food is all freshly made- even their deserts! We ate some homemade chocolate peanut butter truffles that were delicious.  We sat on the patio and enjoyed the live music. I will definitely be coming back!
3	Here for our monthly book club last week. The service was good, and they have a good choice of brews for the non-wine drinker (like me). I ordered their bruschetta plate, and all choices were delicious. One of my friends had a problem though, she ordered a burger medium-well (with no pink in it), and it was served to her pretty raw. They were quick to apologize and send it back, however when she received it again it was still raw inside. The server explained they put the same burger back in to cook it more, so that was interesting because it didn't look any less pink inside. This time the cook came out to apologize and ask if she wanted a completely new burger. My friend ordered something else. I think they waived the bill, but I'm not sure. Other than that, the prices were reasonable, service was attentive. I don't know if my friend would go back, but I would.
3	Decent experience here with good food.   I had a good burger and fries but my girlfriend had some bad mussels that made her sick. She sent them back after having a few,  but they were fishy and over cooked. They substituted the mussels no problems and quickly made some great meat balls instead.   Bottom line:  don't get the mussels but other parts off the menu and venue are great.
5	I've been here several times since they opened a little over a month ago and have enjoyed each time. It's beautifully decorated, very comfortable, and a relaxing atmosphere. They have a tremendous wine list (something for everyone in every price range), delicious food and a friendly, knowledgeable staff ready to serve. I've enjoyed several different menu items and have liked them all. They always have different entree, appetizer and a dessert specials, so be sure to check the board. This neighborhood wine bar will definitely be one of my regular go-to places from now on.
5	came for the band, Notes from Neptune, and stayed for the wine, food, service and atmosphere! 2 thumbs up!
3	Nice spot. Really great atmosphere. Have some great specials on bottles of wine. We sampled several appetizers on our first visit, portions were a bit smaller than expected for the price; but good flavor. Plan on trying an entree next time.
5	Monday's are flight night ($10) with 80s music, feel free to dress 80s style!I love what the owners have done with the space, it's romantic if you want it to be and great for groups with a separate space if you need it.The servers are fun and friendly,  they know their wine.  The food is fantastic and it's great that they have gluten free options available.Live music on the weekends, feel free to dance if the mood strikes you.Highly recommend MWC Bistro
5	Great food, great staff, great atmosphere- the space has been completely redone. Marlene and staff were so friendly and welcoming. Ordered the bruschetta, pork balls, fries. Everything was delicious. Lots of specials everyday of the week! Live music every Friday and Saturday.
4	I went with a few friends on a Friday night. Anne was our server. She was very polite but seemed very nervous. She didn't know the wine list very well and all the items on the menu that said ask your server she didn't tell us about until we asked. I felt that was something she should have been up front about. Every one in our group ordered something different so we could all share and have the whole experience of this fun little new bistro. First we ordered 3 appetizers,  we got a cheese board which was very tasty, the homemade french fries were excellent and the fried calamari was also very nice. As our courses we ordered the bistro burger which was cooked to perfection, the shrimp pasta which came late but was worth it, the hanger steak which melted in your mouth and the shark which was under cooked. And to end our evening we had the mimosa truffles which were light and chocolate, a perfect ending to our meal. Over all the restaurant was very quaint and gave me a feel of comfort with nice live music; a nice wine bar with excellent food. The staff including the Executive Chef, the owner Zoya and the rest of the chefs, particularly Shoshana were very kind and educated on their food and all came to our table to greet us and make sure we were satisfied. We all had a very good time and for only being open a short time I don't have too many complaints. This business is perfectly located for both middle class and upper class consumers, and I wish them the very best of success.
5	Great wine, fabulous food, and terrific live music. My husband went in after seeing a movie and we were pleasantly surprised...and happy to find out that the place was open. We will be back!
5	Great place to grab a nice glass of wine or a beer (good rotating drafts).  The food is awesome, I had the steak which was delicious.  The restaurant has a great rustic feel to it, nice setup and friendly staff.  I don't live in the area, but definitely plan to drop in next time I'm in town.
5	Taken 3 out of the 4 wine 201 courses which have been really informative and fun with a great mix of wines. Service has been spotty during classes but that isn't a deal breaker. The owner is incredibly knowledgable and fun explaining more about wine, growing climates/regions, cultural differences, and expanding my palette with what I thought I would like. I highly recommend the classes. Great deal on sample wines if you purchase during class. It's also been a great way to sample their meat and cheese menu too.
3	Went there for date night using a groupon good for a wine flight and bruschetta board for two.  Upon entering, we both felt the atmosphere was comfortable and welcoming.With a handful of flights to chose from, my husband and I order the only two red flights on the menu, so we had six different wines to taste.  Most of the wines in the flight were mediocre.  Luckily I saved my cabernet for last, because that was the best one.  The bruschetta board was very good.  We were able to select three different bruschetta and chose the caprese, spinach & feta, and brie & apple.  We were most excited to try the brie & apple.  While it was good, the other two were actually much more flavorful.  The size of the bruschetta were surprisingly tremendous.  Adding a salad with that, we both left feeling satisfied.While the overall experience was nice, I don't know that I would return.  Being that it is a wine bar, I think my expectations superseded the quality of wine.
5	Wine Bar, Yes, but Great Wine ClassesToo!!!This is my first attempt at a review...I am not usually inclined to pontificate on a restaurant ad nauseum, but I have attended two wine classes at this local wine bar, and I attend book club at the MWC location in Ahwatukee, so I feel like I have some  "history" with this place.About the Wine Classes.  The Wine 101 Class, a series of 4 basic classes was a fine intro to wine, but, honestly, I learned a WHOLE BUNCH  more from the 4-class Wine 201 taught by the owner.  You get to try 4-5 wines at each class, paired with a small bite of something tasty from the kitchen -- no, you don't get a whole meal, so eat something first.  We did a Saturday class at 1 pm, so we showed up early & ordered lunch at the bar before class. The great thing about the class was that you got to try wines you would NEVER order on your own. Really, if you have any interest in learning more about wine, or even if you want to try some new wines -- take the Wine 201 class, you'll be glad you did!!!
2	I was so excited when something opened in this venue but am disappointed with what opened. Been in there a few times for wine only and it's alright but the atmosphere sucks way too stuffy or the musical selection blows. The night I actually ate there it took us 2 hours to get 2 appetizers and 1 burger (initially came out as a steak which we weren't even offered because of their mistake) then the remake of the burger happened twice because they over cooked it and the burger actually came out under cooked finally. The food itself is great, good concepts but definitely not worth the wait or the stuffy atmosphere. Just a thought to who runs the place it may be helpful to have more than 2 employees running the entire restaurant during Happy Hour. When we got our bill they had charged us for the steak and burger and apps, food we didn't even get or offered due to their mistake we're getting charged for. Slow down and ensure your customers aren't feeling the heat from the lack of servers.Also something else I saw the owner do was swipe 2 chairs from a table that was occupied, but not using the chairs, when there were plenty of other tables that had chairs you could have taken them from. I thought it was rude to interrupt them and just take their chairs they had their purses on when you could have not disturbed them and grabbed them from other places, made no sense to me. If I had been approached about my chair I would have looked around and said really one of the other 40 chairs in the restaurant couldn't be used? Basic manager skills I think...
4	Great place for a glass or two of wine. Super friendly staff. I think they are just carving out their niche in Gilbert and hope they do well.
2	Invited friends to dinner and drinks there, as we had been there before and enjoyed the experience.  This time, not so much. Arrived with a party of four, and was seated at a table that was too close to the next table on one side (making it hard to get in and out of our seats)' the other side backed to the walkway to the kitchen, making our guest uncomfortable with all the traffic behind them. This was done, even though there were at least 5 or 6 open tables that did not have this issue.The appetizers were delivered promptly and were good quality (meat and cheese board with olives) though a bit pricey.  Drinks were ordered, and when I ordered ice tea, was told that they charge for EACH GLASS. I asked about this and was given a lame excuse by the waitress that it is because they brew it by the glass. Later when the Manager delivered some of the food, I questioned this policy stating that this was the only place in AZ that I knew that charged for ice tea by the glass. She gave the same reason and when I stated that it surely did not cost $2.50 to brew more tea, she got defensive and said that "This is A WINE BAR YOU KNOW" "We don't sell much ice tea." I replied "No doubt at those prices" and asked if she ever heard of the "Designated Driver" that could should not be drinking. She gave no reply and left.The food was only fair, I had the shrimp in pasta and cream sauce. The shrimp were large, but the pasta was too dry with only a coating of sauce.  My wife (a vegetarian) ordered the Mac and Cheese and the arugula orange salad. The salad was nothing special. Unfortunately, the Mac and cheese had ham in it, even though it is not listed on the menu. Thus, half of her dinner could not be eaten by her. I tried it. The Mac and cheese was bland with little flavor and again, way too dry.While our friends did not have any issues, they only ate half their meals. Probably too polite to express disappointment to us on our pick for dinner.The service  was not timely, had to ask twice for water, because the server forgot, she even stated when asked for the second time, "Oh I did not know you wanted water"All in all, mediocre and way too pricey for what you get. Probably ok if all you want to do is drink wine and an appetizers, don't bother for dinner.  Was hoping it would be better, but either the Living Room or Postinos have much better service and food for the same cost.
5	We saw the groupon and was excited to check out the new wine bar close to the house. We arrived and it was surprisingly busy for a Wednesday night. Our server Marlene was very helpful in helping us select our wine flights, our bruschetta, and their new ahi tuna app! It was excellent. All in all we will be returning and hope it does very well!
4	Great food- excellent service.  Marlene is fantastic and will totally ensure you are well cared for.  The wine list is OK - make sure to ask for recommendations.  They have live music - but I enjoy it more when there isn't music.  They often keep the volume too loud and it is hard to interact with those you are with.
5	This place has a nice casual ambience with very tasty faire. I love any place with unique special dishes with quality ingredients and this place does not disappoint.Today there was a tuna appetizer with nice thick cuts and a tasty sauce. I'm enjoying the sake bomb pair and adding a lettuce ball.Everyone is very friendly. Monday's have a painting class which is also very fun and an interesting date place.
4	Great neighborhood gathering place. Great wine list and the menu is very good as well. Nothing will be ordinary and the owner is exceptionally friendly.  Our first experience here was the day they opened and it is as wonderful now as it was then.  Great job!!
5	Great Service and great food!  Jessica, Bruce and Marlene made it fun and will definitely will return!
4	My husband and I tried this place tonight and we've decided to make this place our weekly date night restaurant. It's super close to our house and has great food an a lovely atmosphere. They have a good selection of wines and a decent selection of beers.The food was very good. We started with a monthly special, the loaded fries, which were really good. They hand cut their fries and these were smothered with cheese, thick bacon, and jalapenos. NOM.We also split a Meat and Cheese board. Excellent selection of meats and cheese and the spicy nuts add-on was fantastic. We also tried the beignets, which were wonderful.This place would make an excellent place to take a date. Can't wait to try the live music next week.
4	I really enjoyed myself here at MWC.  I came with 3 girlfriends as a 'girls night out.'  We were immediately greeted and taken to a table.  The ambiance, vibe of the wine bar was exactly what I picture in my head when I think wine bar.  I was dark, but not too dark.  Amber lighting and candlelit tables.  This is a great spot for a date as well.  My girlfriends and I shared 3 appetizers. We ordered the spicy crab dip, French fries and the rosemary salted sweet potato fries that were on as a special.  Both fries were perfectly salted and flavored.  They even came in these cute little wire baskets that look like mini deep fry baskets.  The service was on point as well.  Our server was very knowledgeable of the wine and great with the descriptions.  They have a large selection of wine that is reasonably priced.  I will definitely return and recommend!
1	If you are looking for surly staff and awful food then this is the place for you. Left a half eaten sawdust burger and went to Jack in the Box to get a more palatable meal after the waitress assured me the burger wouldn't be dry.  BTW - she told me the only way the cook could make the burger was pink or no pink,  not medium well.
5	Great place with an awesome atmosphere and a really nice owner. Wine flights were good, the food was INCREDIBLE. The fries were unique and fantastic. The squash n bacon flatbread was the best flatbread I've ever had and the bruschetta was fantastic. You MUST go there.
4	Very nice cozy restaurant. Great cheese / meat boards and an eclectic mix of entrees. Wait staff was attentive without being intrusive - I don't think my water glass ever got below half empty. The wine-by-the-glass selection is awesome (with daily specials) and beer selection is certainly commendable. This is a great place if you're looking to spend a couple of hours talking with friends in an un-rushed environment.
3	Went here for date night with my husband, Sat night 8 pm. Tables available. Live music, nice volume and tone for a wine bar, not too loud to talk - we sat about 5 tables back from the end he way playing on.There are both high and low tables, as well as booths. Nice decor, sleek and relaxing. Nice looking bar. There is a divider wall to a space in the back for a more private party or a big group, or just more seats when busy. They have a good-sized patio facing Warner & there is landscaping that prevents feeling like one is sitting on the road.Wine of the day was a nice enough Italian, enjoyed the Yelp check-in 50% off a glass of it. The manager did a good job of suggesting another glass that matched our tastes when described. Was really hoping she would continue as our server, she was great both on the phone and in person (Shannon). Alas, not to be the case...They seem to have some nice happy hour deals, not crazy, but enough to make a dent in the bill (we didn't come during hh but the prices are on the menu alongside the regular prices).Our waiter is a young-looking guy with big, dark hipster glasses. He was friendly, but scattered. Had to return 3 times to ask us Qs about our order, later explaining he had too many table orders in his head at the time he took ours, didn't write it down, thought he had it. We didn't care, but I was a server for a long time, and it's just ... not... good. Yes, people will judge your service based on this sort of thing. They feel more doubt that they are actually going to be looked out for during their meal... Well anyway, it made him seem inexperienced. Our water sat empty a couple of times too. He was an okay server, not amazing, but at least he was nice. SAD - looking forward to those rosemary sweet potato fries and they are GONE!! NO LONGER ON THE MENU! If only I hadn't seen the Yelp photo, I'd never know what we will now miss.From the time we ordered our meal, it's a good thing we were talking and enjoying the music, because although I didn't time it, it really did take longer than what is typical. Although it didn't bother me, I recall at one point thinking, "Okay, this is definitely outside the bounds of 'normal' wait time for food." Husband got a cheeseburger (options are "pink or no pink), I got a glazed salmon special. We both chose to substitute a side-salad for the fries & rice (respectively). He said burger was fine, nothing wrong with it. The "side salad" was a small enough pile of field greens on our plates with our entree that my husband asked the waiter, "Is... this... the salad?"  He wasn't being rude or smart-ass, it really was unclear, as it was that small of a pile. It looked like a garnish.My salmon was cooked nicely, moist. However, the rosemary-something glaze had me concerned. It was carmelized I suppose? so that when I first tried to fork into the salmon, it seemed tough. Fortunately, it was the glaze, not the fish. Maybe it was meant to be this way as some culinary twist; I didn't enjoy it & left me thinking it was a mistake. For me the glaze was too sweet without a tang or savory to balance it. I dipped it into their balsamic dressing meant for my salad & it was better. When the very nice manager asked how we liked everything, I was politely honest, I figure they could use the feedback since it was the "special."As we left, we agreed that we really wanted to LOVE this place. We LIKE it. We would return during happy hour for a little nosh, or just for a glass of wine and a chat. But we definitely wouldn't return for dinner on purpose, darn it. If we had enjoyed the food more, it would have gotten 4 stars.
2	The only reason I'm not giving this place 1-star is because our waiter was actually really funny and seemed like a good guy. I believe the slow service was less his fault and more the kitchen taking forever (how long does it take to fry some buffalo bites?).We had never been here before but me & 3 girlfriends wanted to meet up for happy hour so we chose this place after buying a Groupon. After they seated us, they told us they were having a wine-tasting that night and could not accept the groupon. They said you had to call ahead and because "they were soooo busy" they couldn't honor it. The owner (I think she's the owner) came over and honestly, she was just so snooty. She wanted us to sign up for the wine tasting where we could talk with an actual wine maker, but we were there to catch up and talk to each other so we weren't interested. She made it sound as if we were inconveniencing her by wanting to eat and drink at her establishment. There wasn't a single point in the evening where the place was full so I'm not sure why they couldn't honor the groupon. It makes no sense to me and I blame the owner lady who I think just wanted us to sign up for the stupid wine-tasting. At about 5:50PM, we realized happy hour specials ended in 10 minutes so we asked our waiter to wait a few minutes then put in another round of wine for all of us. He said, "I can't wait to put in orders. I have to put them in right away when I get them." WHAT??? Why? Says who? Here's another STUPID rule this establishment seems to have that makes no sense...Like many of the other reviews, the service was incredibly slow. It took forever to get the food we ordered, forever to get another glass of wine, forever to get the bill, etc. Luckily we were there to just relax and chat and weren't under a time crunch. We were there for a few hours, had a few glasses of wine AND bought food- our bill was over $150 but I left feeling as if they would have rather us paid $20 to do a wine-tasting that we weren't interested in.Overall, really disappointed in the environment and the owner's approach to talking with customers. We all agreed that we likely would not return- there are too many other places just like it that are actually friendly.
2	Service was great as usual, Thanks Marlene!New chef burned all the food!  Not so good!
