5	Been purchasing chlorine and muriatic acid here since they opened, nobody can beat their sale price. They have good knowledgable people and have made good suggestions to help maintain my pool.
5	Great customer service and great prices. Bought shock powder for half price compared to Leslie's and I was helped promptly. The gentleman behind the counter threw in a free thermometer and test kit to sweeten the deal. I found my new pool supply store.
5	Have used Paddock stores for 20+ years.  they closed most stores and though i had to drive a distance they didn't have an O ring.  NPS had the parts and were really helpful and friendly.
5	Fist time visitor. Store is bright, big and clean. Stocked with everything you might need for pool maintenance. I was there to pick up some acid and a leaf catcher o ring. I liked it so much, I impulsively bought a frog chlorine tab floater. Always wanted one! They had it. Although I didn't go for the solar powered Duck floater that lights up at night. That was a little over the top for me. Anyway, the service was good and there were actually people to help. More than I can say for the national chain pool supply store on Bell and Tatum. I bookmarked for my go-to pool supply store. Check it out!
5	These guys are great. Knowledgable, honest, and great prices. Smokes Leslie's all day every day. Look forward to working with them again.
5	I will never go to Leslie's again. 1. These guys know their stuff. 2. Their pricing is better than Leslie's. 3. They went above and beyond to get a difficult sand filter part for me in a situation where time was of the essence and I did not have 3-5 days to wait for other stores' shipping times while my pool went off the rails...and they made it happen in less than 2 hours. 4. They are friendly! Thank you Joe and all the guys at NPS, you have earned all my future business.
5	I have found NPS Pool Supply to be extremely helpul and competetive.  Personnel are always friendly and I highly recommend this store location.  They offer a price match service which ended up saving me nearly $200 on a new Zodiac Pool Sweep.  Just take the checkout page from any internet site and they will match the price.  Always priced extremely well compared to local competitors.  I don't think you can go wrong with these people.
