5	When I was a kid I used to love to go to the Hardware store to go looking at stuff and talk to the nice people that worked there.. WHen I visit this location of Ace I feel I go back in time. They are super nice, super helpful but do not smoother you... They know how to make keys that work ( hard to find these days I have learned). I feel comfortable asking questions here as well. They never treat me like "Oh you are a girl". I think their prices are not too bad and you get much better quality like screw that will not strip etc..  Parking is awesome here for people who are handicapped or have  a bad back you can park like right near the door practically..
5	Ace's employees have been incredibly helpful and nice every time I've gone to the store. The store itself is chock-full of great home- and yard-improvement stuff (tools, accessories, gadgets, etc), and the prices are very fair (especially when one considers the convenience of Ace's location and the idea of supporting a local business). For most of my small-to-medium-size home and yard needs, I'll skip the trip to Home Depot or Menards and stick to my neighborhood Ace Hardware.
5	I'm having a rough go learning how to use power tools and drill ish into drywall, but a great time going to ACE and learning what I did wrong and buying the appropriate things to remedy the problem and try again. Some might say, "measure twice, drill once" or even, "if you don't know what you're doing... ask first!" But I was talking to my bud Annette J in Detroit and realized that part of owning a home is making improvements/adjustments, doing it completely wrong, then learning a ton from your mistakes. (Thanks Annette!) This week I learned that joint compound comes in an easy squirt tube and corner bead makes that nice 90 degree angle where pieces of drywall meet. I also learned that you can't secure anything into corner bead, which is why having a stud finder helps if you're looking to hang a 72" long roman shade. I also learned that I can easily patch my mistakes with some handy dandy supplies from ACE and although it took a few employees to find "the patch guy" he was super informative about exactly what I would need to fix some holes and a chunk of dry wall where my poor shade decided it would rather hang than be secured to my window frame. Oh gravity. Jason H is right, these are some of the nicest people you'll meet with loads of info to help you do it right the second time. I wouldn't have it any other way.
5	I had a broken storm window. They picked it up fixed it and delivered it back to me!!! If you know someone who cannot get to the store and needs stuff good to know. BUY LOCAL!!
4	Last week while visiting my daughter in Madison I needed some window shades to keep the back of her car a little darker.I ran in to the Ace and of course there was someone who came right up and helped me immediately.I have always been an Ace fan whether in Sierra Vista, Arizona, El Cerrito, California or Middleton.The staff are great, they usually have what I need and more and I like the layout of the store.
1	The staff is very rude. As soon as I find another place to fix my watches, I will go there. VERY disappointed.
