5	Great customer service, the place is very nice.  Highly recommended.
5	I have been going  to Queena at her prior salon for about two years. I was sad to see she stop working there until she shared the good news and told me she is now at the new location.I love the colors and designs she's been doing for me. They looked awesome! Price is reasonable as well. She's also got a great personality and easy to talk to. I will continue to go to her studio.
5	After trying so many different nail salons over the years, I've found my place! It's tough to find someone like Queena who has such a good eye for nail color combo and design! I never know what colors to get, but she can always help put together very elegant colors for me. The best part is her designs are durable too with me typing away everyday! A 5 star place for sure!
5	Queena is the very best!   Trust me!
5	Took Gf there and she had very great and satisfying experience.Very cute place, and staffs are always friendly and welcoming. The nail designer, Queena, is very responsible, and professional. She did an amazing job and my gf always get exactly what she ask for. The best Nail salon in town. Great services, would defiantly recommend this place.
5	I always go to queena for my nails. Great designs and she takes time to make them perfect. Reasonable price and easy to talk to. I would definitely recommend her to all my friends
5	Queena is a veryyyy dedicated owner providing absolutely great and curtesy services to the customers !
5	Highly recommend this nail salon, so many pretty colors and awesome design!!   Queena is very professional and all the staff are very friendly.
5	I've been going to Queena for the past 2 years. Her attention to creative details is second to none. She provides me with helpful tip/suggestion on different style and color according to the season or the function I will be attending. She made sure my nails look perfect every single time. I would definitely recommend Queena to anyone I know!This is a small studio located right next to Ichiza (inside Marshall Salon) in Chinatown. Queena takes appointments only (no walk in) because she is also the best/hottest mom with baby Makayla (^__^).
4	A bit pricey but she has so many design options its crazy only thing i wasn't pleased about was that it took over 3 hrs for a pedi n gel fill
4	I went a month ago to get my nails done for my birthday. She did an amazing job with the artwork and the service was excellent. The only reason I give a 4 out of 5 is due to pricing, it's something I cannot afford often so most likely won't go back for a couple of months a time. However for those who can afford such luxuries should go by and check it out :3.
