4	I ADORE Trina's Nails.  Whenever I return home to Vegas from family visits to SoCal, Trina's Nails is my first stop to get my mani/pedi all fixed up and freshly glossy for Vegas.The spa chairs are marvelous.They have a nice large screen TV and play a variety there.The facility is VERY clean.
1	SO upset with the quality of service AND nonexistent customer service given at this salon. I've had less than average nail salon experiences before but none that ever warranted me to bring it up to the nail tech. However, this time around, the end product was really poor that I need to warn you guys NOT to waste your money here!I came in to get a Regular Manicure. This review is strictly for the technician that I had. I don't doubt that the other technicians are perfectly fine at their job but mine was really incompetent. Whatever you do, request anyone BUT the older woman who I believe may be the owner of the salon. (When I came in, there were only 4 people doing nails: the older woman who did my nails, another older gentleman, a younger female, and a younger male).Long story short, here are the reasons why my rating is a 1 (I would give a 0 if I could).- Not gentle at all. When pushing my cuticles back, she was so rough and was looking around the salon. She wasn't even paying attention to how she was handling my cuticles OR that she was hurting me.- Didn't fully remove my previous nail color with acetone. I had to pinpoint and ask her to remove the colors that were on my skin and underneath my nailbed.- RUSHED THROUGH MY MANICURE. She literally spent 5 minutes doing my nails. She used small, repetitive strokes which led to my manicure being REALLY STREAKY and uneven. The color was not evenly distributed on my nails and she didn't even go all the way up to the cuticle. There is polish surrounding my nails ON MY SKIN which she failed to clean up. There was some sort of lint on my nail, and she clearly saw it because I saw her do a double take, but she didn't even remove it, until I requested for her to do so. - The tips of my nails were rough, so I had to ask her for a filer so I could do it myself. (Other people had came in and she already moved on to helping them out, without asking me if I was happy with the service). At first she refused, saying it was going to take off the polish but what was I supposed to do? Leave them rough so that they hurt if I were to scratch myself or catch onto/snag my clothes?!When it came time for me to pay, I let her know that I wasn't happy with the quality of my nails. I told her that my nails weren't filed properly, cleaned all the way, messy, and streaky. She had the nerve to say that I was just "picky." First off, I'm paying for this service. I could have easily done it myself (AND done a better job) but I chose to go to a salon to have a relaxing and QUALITY experience. She didn't even apologize. So it's my fault that my nails turned out bad? Doesn't make sense to me. I had to correct her so many times that I'm really surprised she even has a license.Avoid this place at all costs.
5	I love this place!!! The older lady is sooooooo funnyyyy!!! Great service and quality as well!! Went to the place down the street nails are us I believe its called I waited for 20 minutes and got ignored as if i didn't exist :((((... I hate it when a place of business acts like they don't appreciate your business... Not the case here my new fav.     Oh yea they speak englishhhhhhh lol not to be rascist but definitely a plus in my book...
5	I visited Tina's Nails from a recommendation and just gotta say, that the staff was wonderful! Everyone was so nice and gave me suggestions on what to do w/ my nails since i'm a manicure-virgin! i had to tell myself to go and get pampered and i chose the right place to go! they went thru the services they offered and suggested colors for me and were so friendly! The salon is VERY clean and spa chairs are so comfy! Looks like i'll have to get in to the habit of pampering myself more- with a great place that is happy to have my business, and treat me like family, why not?!
5	I always go to Trina's the family that runs it works well together and they know how to hustle when it's busy. I could just sit in there all day. I got blue glitter tips today, but my faves are the pink hearts...!!!
3	Just moved to the area and this was the first place I decided to try out. My experience was just okay and that was only because the technicians switched for my manicure. I went in to get a gel manicure and pedicure. I did like that they had a pretty full selection of OPI colors. I sat in the pedicure chair and they put me in the one broken chair with plenty of other ones available. I had to ask her to bring me chair up because it was fully reclaimed and she had me do it myself.'the massage part of the chair was broken and sunk in and it made sitting in that chair awkward and uncomfortable. While filing my toenails, she filed so fast and hard that it actually burned and cut my cuticle open. This felt wonderful when she sprayed alcohol directly into the cut. The massage was not good at all and this is the most important part of a pedicure for me. When putting on my shoes she smudged one of my nails and had another lady come over to fix it. This same lady that fixed my toe took me over and started my manicure and totally rushed through it. Didn't really pushed my cuticles back and hardly clipped them. Finally she had another young girl come over and do the gel. She is the only reason I give the place 3 stars. He took her time and did a good job and the massage at the end was really good. I would say they are a little over priced and I will definitely be trying somewhere else next time.
1	Please do not waste your time with this place! I went there because I was in hurry and saw they were running a "special" on gel manicures. Long story short, I was charged $10 dollars more than the advertised price and it was the worst manicure I ever received. I lost a gel the very next morning, and for those of you not familiar with gels, they can last up to three weeks with no chips!! Horrible....such a rip off!!!
1	Did not like this place one bit. The lady doing my nails must have been on something because she kept fading in and out. She cut FIVE different fingers and they still expected me to pay $35 for a gel fill. It was the worst nail job I have ever gotten and I'm never going there again.
5	I love this place. I have been going here for 3 years now. My mother in law, sister in law and I always come in together for a pedi-spa. The entire staff are always friendly. Even when they are swamped. They will call in back up to make sure all the guests are taken care of. We pay $20 for pedi and will not go anywhere else.
5	I love this place! I've been going here for years. Excellent customer service and excellent prices. They always have water for their customers and yummy candy treats :) The staff is always so pleasant and kind. My favorite guy is the older Asian gentleman, Vy; he gives the best massages! I just want to doze off when he massages my feet. Also, the location is convenient. The facility is very clean and sanitary.
