5	Picture if you will a girl whine might call "doom & gloom" stranded in downtown on Light Up Night. The normally busy city streets are over run with suburbanites, children, teenagers, and general chaos. I was waiting for a megabus departure at 11pm and had hours to kill. Most other places me and a few friends had attempted to go was so over run with people. There in the distance an oasis... One 10 Lounge.  This place looks small from the outside, but once you're inside you can see just how far back the room goes. Plenty of tables and booth in addition to seats at the bar. (Also I think there may be an upstairs as I saw some stairs, but I can't be sure about that.) This bar has one of my favorite features as it's not mandatory here (which blows my mind, but that's a rant for another time); NO SMOKING INSIDE. Talk about a selling point for me. I had just intended to drink some more before I was due to catch my bus, but once I saw the special I knew I wanted to try the food too. That nights special was mac and cheese, be still my heart. Some Yuneglings, mac and cheese, and an order of fresh cut French fires and I was as happy as a clam.The clientele, from what my sister tells me, is mostly Art Institute students rather than business people which suits me fine. There is a juke box with a decent selection, although like anywhere else, if it's busy be ready for a long wait for your songs or people choosing "Play Next" over your songs. The staff was incredibly attentive and friendly too. The atmosphere is laid back with a nice variety of people.Now the food... The mac and cheese came out with a nice browned cheesy crust on top, even if it wasn't true baked mac and cheese, that touch to give the impression of that was great. It was full of favor without being too salty. The fries were truly fresh cut and reminded me a little of Kennywood's Potato Patch fries. Prices are cheap, happy hour specials are great, great staff, not over run with downtown business people, and smoke free. I'd suggest it to anyone looking for an out of the way place to hang downtown.
4	Last night I somewhat accidentally ended up having dinner and a few green beers (left over from St. Patrick's Day) at One 10 after a friend invited me to meet him there and then had to leave early.  The place seemed warm and friendly and relatively quiet, my bar stool was comfortable and I had no where else to go at the moment, so I decided to get a look at the menu -- and I'm certainly glad I stayed.  When Amanda the bartender brought out my meal, I could barely believe my eyes. The grilled three-cheese sandwich on wheat (with optional bacon) was a great example of comfort food.  It came with a healthy side portion of fresh-cut fries, which were some of the best I've had in a Pittsburgh bar.  Very quickly I had the satisfaction of knowing that I ordered well that evening.  The rest of the evening was for drinking green beer (which was discounted, although the color never concerned me) and for people-watching.  Situated on the last block of Smithfield before the bridge, there seems to be a very eclectic crowd of weeknight regulars.  (Do you sometimes wonder who hangs out in downtown Pittsburgh on a weeknight?  I now have a better idea.)  Sometimes there's nothing better -- when you have no where else to go for the moment -- than sitting back and taking in the chatter of some friendly strangers, and occasionally laughing with a very observant bartender.  One 10 Lounge is like a friendly neighborhood bar you would find in an old factory suburb, except that it is, of all places, in downtown.
1	After the symphony, we rolled in about quarter of twelve on a Saturday evening.  We were greeted by a shady group loitering in front with a "Last call" warning.  The place was empty.  I know why.That's not the way to run a business.Seedy section of downtown at night.Won't go there again.
1	No. Lacks any/all professionalism, especially when their sandwich board mocks domestic violence. Pathetic.
1	I recently book the upstairs section of the 110 lounge for my 31st birthday.... Paid for the venue $500 with a contract that stated I'd receive a free bottle and ALL DOOR MONEY MADE THat night. The owner has been dodging me about the door money now est the 13th of April no return calls no return emails no return text. I'd advise that you do not choose this place for a celebration very unprofessional and down right fraud. I do plan on taking the issue to the local magistrate
