4	It's nice to go into a place that was trying to capture the feel of a 1950s diner.  This place does it so flawlessly with adding in touches of modernization.  It's nice and comforting to be seated in a booth and have the staff there in a heartbeat to take your order.  Staff was so over-the-top nice that you kind of didn't want to leave.  The only draw back I found with the place is that the music can sometimes be too loud and makes for a flowing conversation difficult.I enjoyed the endless soup/salad bar while my friend opted for only a slice of pie and some iced tea.  The salad bar was quite filling with their choices to top the salad with and their mix of different already made salads from cole slaw to broccoli salad.  If the night air had been a bit warmer we would have chose to sit outside on the patio.
3	Who doesn't loveeeeeee Eat'n Park? My bf and I do! We stopped at this location for a New Years Day brunch. The service was a little slow, but the food is always good and no one was in a hurry. It was a great spot to ease into the new year!
4	Eat'n Park is a step up from your typical diner, with an always-fresh and local when possible salad bar, hot soups, and desserts, as well as a rather extensive menu with great seasonal specials. What sets Eat'n Park aside from many diner-type places is its Celiac-friendly/Gluten-Free menu. They offer gluten free buns (which require thawing, so ask them to toast it), and plenty of naturally GF menu items. Dining here is a joy for me because I know I won't get sick! This location is also a GREEN building! Very cool, ENP.
5	It was a nice place to take my in-laws when we visited them.  The place is clean and the waitress was nice to my demanding in-laws (since they are in their 90s).  They have a decent buffet items to choose from, but ends at 10:30 sharp!
3	Eat'n Park is a staple here in the 'Burgh, and really, who doesn't like getting lunch at an Eat'n Park Restaurant? There's always something to enjoy here! Burgers, sandwiches, soups, a salad bar, pasta...and the milkshakes - yum! Some restaurants even offer separate rooms for meetings - what better way is there to go over info than over some delicious Eat'n Park chow?That said, based on my recent experience I do not recommend this location if you're bringing a business group and using the separate room; the service for our group wasn't great. The staff did not check in on my group frequently at all, and we must have had 6 different waiters during the night, so we never knew who to flag down for assistance. It took quite a long time to get food, drinks, refills, and so forth - longer than it would have if we sat outside in the noisy main area.This location redeems itself a little from its poor group service since it sells pie slices at its front desk in addition to entire pies; not all locations do this, and c'mon: sometimes there's just no room in my fridge for an entire pie! Sadly when I ordered my little slice of pie the woman who handed it to me shoved it into a bag and then gave me the bag handles first, without once considering whether she put my pie in upside down or not. Since I ordered a creme pie, and this caused a bit of a mess, it was an (admittedly first world problem) inconvenience that could have been easily solved with a little awareness.But hey, otherwise, an Eat'n Park is an Eat'n Park - fairly fresh and simply yummy. I am a huge fan of their burgers - both meat AND veggie! - as well as their Alfredo dinner, salads, and soups. And milkshakes. And pies. See? It really is all good! (Now I just need to get my hands on some Pittsburgh Dad smiley cookies!)
1	Request after sitting 10 minutes coffee and eggs well over. Coffee came in three minutes. Eggs total time 15 minutes COLD !Patti has only three tables. Nowhere to be found. Ahhh here she is. Why can't eat n Park after all these years get it right? Is it the new generation of ownership just coasting; Mr. B?
2	I know that eat'n park is big around here, but since living here for the past 5 years I just can't wrap my head around it. I'm pretty sure that most of the meals I've ordered through out my time here has been just microwaved and bland. This past time I got the cheese omelet with pepper jack cheese. I like the idea of having some cheese on top of my omelet and inside, but it just ended up being a ball of cheese in the middle by the time I got to it since there was more cheese than egg. The hash browns were really bad. Very dry and unappetizing.  Maybe next time I'll just get the salad bar.
1	This particular restaurant,  is a glorified truck stop. That pretty much sums up the service you get. The waitress's seem as though they could care less, at times.Example; One waitress took our order. The food seemed to take longer than usual. Another waitress brought the food to the table. As she was serving my dish (Wich consisted of a bagel sandwich)she commented that the bagel had some sort of gross looking object on the bun and did I still want it. Of course not. My wife order fried potatoes as part of her breakfast. It looked as though they cut the potato and put it in the microwave.  To make a long ordeal short. The situation never got any better. Even with management intervention. The meals we're eventually comped.  There was no way I was going to pay for this mess. As repeat customers,  my wife and I had been coming in EVERY Friday morning. You no what irritated us the most? Not so much the food situation. Even cooks can have an off day, mistakes can be made. What bothered us the most was the attitude of all involved. No one really seemed to care. We never retured.
3	Usually when I'm at Eat N Park, it's by myself. Bobby isn't the biggest fan due to some bad experiences we had at the Sq. Hill and Homestead one (multiple times at each) but that is irrelevant to this locaton :)So I decided to do some Christmas shopping at the waterworks and headed here for a quick dinner. I didn't want to look sad or lonely, so instead of getting a booth by myself, I sat at the front counter. They have a special going on now ("Salad Bar Dinner Deals) which includes some yummy menu items that come with side as well as unlimited trips to the salad bar ---- $10! It's available from 4pm-9pm. That is a great deal considering the salad bar by itself would've been about $7 or so. I ordered the herb crusted chicken with a side of mashed potatoes. I enjoyed both and again, it was a great deal to get all of that for $10.
