2	Barbie escaped the dollhouse to serve us our food tonight.  Ken was nowhere in sight and her squeaky, chirpy voice asked us if there was anything we wanted.Well, silverware is awesome.We got our drinks (albeit the water refills were a little slow on the upswing), and waited some time for the food.  The food arrived, but, uh, no silverware.  How does one eat hash browns if not with a fork?  "Oh!" the waitress shrieked.The couple behind us babbled loudly in Spanish and ate their food with their silverware while our biscuits, eggs, and hash browns grew cold.  Cars passed by.  A cop car pulled into the parking lot and a ghetto bird flew overhead.  Finally we got some silverware and attempted to dig in.  My friend Patty made a face as she bit into her fries.  Soggy, soggy, soggy.  She slathered Tabasco sauce on them in an attempt to revive them from their soggy slumber.  My biscuits and gravy were pretty typical; I wouldn't have expected more from a Denny's.  The hash browns could have been more crisp, but they were okay, I guess.The waitress slammed things on the counter as we left after I paid her 10% for her nonattentive, non-cup filling, non-silverware dispensing service.   Classy.P.S. Patty would like to note that her boyfriend got food poisoning and spent the night puking.  Just sayin'.
3	Been to this Denny's multiple times.  The food is good, not great.  The service is usually good, but the last time I was there, the server was terrible.  He spilled ten glasses of water all other me.  I was angry, walked outside in the heat for a few minutes to calm down, and then came in with my shorts eventually drying.  Other people in the group had problems with this server as well when ordering.  Sadly, one of my friends wrote about him on a comment card, and the manager called him informing him that he was fired.  Personally, I wouldn't have wanted him fired, but I will say I was quite annoyed with him that night.
5	Lupita and tawny are excellent servers . Make sure you ask for them during the weekends. The gm joe wood has invaluable employees in those two
5	Yes, it's now closed.But it's not forgotten, and will reopen eventually when I get my way.I have been eating at this Denny's since I was in college.I still remember like it was yesterday when this beautiful blonde with green eyes would stop by for a quick bite with her friends.I was just getting out of work, and would come here to write short stories, poetry, and admire this beautiful lady. I would wait to get a glimpse of her, with her friends. Often, a smile and muted hello would suffice.I eventually married her. And yet I still kept coming back - certainly not for the food, but for the memories!It's been an amazing life and we have a wonderful family!And yet after all this time,  love and passion for her still burns greater in me for her even after all these years.Regardless, of what point in our marriage we were at, the feelings were always the same when I would eat here. They welled up in me so much, that it would bring inspiration even in adversity.That beautiful young lady chose me, and I would never ever give her the opportunity to regret her choice.Those memories and those feelings always overcame the dreadful food, the occasional horrendous service, and the frequent after hours obnoxious customers that would sit by me.It made this place a special destination in my heart.Although, I will say that I have met some incredible people sitting next to me, and been a part of the lives of the servers that passed through this restaurant.It added value to those hours of pensive moments that I just wanted to be alone in my thoughts, thinking about that wonderful and beautiful lady that lay sleeping at home. Yes, she eventually turned from being the night-owl to an amazing responsible woman that went to bed earlier than me.I didn't want to bother her, so I would come here. Both to work and to write.For her, and about her!Those memories never end, and neither will this place.I promised her for years now that I would buy this place in her honor. And, lo and behold, it's now available for sale.My time will come shortly, and this place will be resurrected for my beloved.
1	I'm glad this particular Denny's is closed. I remember going there about a year ago with my folks for lunch. we'd just gotten out of church and decided to eat out instead of rushing home for lunch. The waitress that took our orders made fun of my Pennsylvania accent . Then she went away for twenty minutes.  She finally came back with our coffee and water. She took our food orders rather arrogantly and disappeared again for almost an hour. Our food arrived and were appalled  at its quality. The cheese burger I ordered was dripping with grease and oil, the fries were crunchy rather than crispy, My mother's soup was cold and watered down. My father's sausage and biscuits w/ gravy were a lumpy blob of goo.The manager offered to comp us another meal but his attitude about it was condescending and arrogant. I know it's been years since my folks and I have been to a Denny's but if this is how all of them treat customers and their orders, I will never go to another one. And I havent been to one since.
