1	This is not a review of a branch or its personnel.  This is a review of the bank's mind-boggling bureaucracy and its callous treatment of customers.  If you have found yourself in the endless frustrating maze of resolving an issue with BOA, please visit my petition to BOA at http://www.change.org/petitions/have-a-heart-bank-of-americaI've read many tales of the same sort of dismissive, condescending treatment of customers and ex-customers.  BOA needs to remember what customer service means and stop treating us as though we're account numbers and not people.  Thank you for your support.
1	This review is for the Bank of America Corporation.I decided a few years ago to open a BofA checking account as a secondary account in case I ever had issues with my Chase account.  Being that it was a secondary account, I did not look at it often.  To my surprise, BofA changed the terms of their accounts and the new terms stated that my account now required a higher minimum balance.  I did not even know about this until I logged in online and saw a string of monthly fees because my account did not meet their new minimum.  Great job BofA.  Even after calling BofA and telling them my issue, they would not budge. It is obviously the company's intention to SCREW it's customers like this.
1	A review of the corporation, not a specific branch.Well, thank you, Bank of America, for a lovely morning.First, your online system completely failed when trying to open an account (the usefulness of an error message that reads "Check and fix errors to continue" and then fails to actually IDENTIFY any errors on the screen perhaps speaks for itself).Then, there's the 40 minutes my wife and I just spent on the phone trying to open an account with you that have changed my desire to ever do business with you again. Your telephone application process by itself is needlessly repetitive (you really have to ask for my telephone number, address, and social security number THREE different times, and then ask my wife for her address and telephone number at least two other times even though she's already verified that we live in the same place?). And the fact that we had to spend 10 of the 40 minutes on hold because you apparently forced your representative to reset his password IN THE MIDDLE OF OUR APPLICATION PROCESS really didn't help.But really, the fact that you'd pull a credit report and then require us to answer the birth month of an extended-family relative, and then tell us to GUESS when we say that we don't have any idea, even though you acknowledge that an incorrect guess may cause a rejection of the application? Why exactly would we do that? Why would your rep's supervisor even suggest such a thing would be appropriate? Is that really your company's policy?So, yes, we're not opening a new account with you. And frankly, we may be pulling our existing accounts.
